Nov 6 2009 	little gem at great location	Just around the corner of The Ritz and a minute's walk to the designer shops at Bond Street and Green Park, it is hard to find a better located 5* hotel. Quite recently renovated, this intimate luxury hotel is the place to stay if you want to spend a few days in London shopping and sightseeing. The staff is friendly, fluent in many languages and very helpful to make your stay as comfortable as possible. The rooms are not spacious but large enough, tastfully decorated, and the beds are among the best we have ever had in a hotel. St James's Hotel is our favourite hotel in London. We'll be back!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent hotel	I travel to London very regularly and have only recently discovered this gem. The hotel is finished to an exceptional standard and the staff is very friendly. The hotel is situated very centrally, however, in a peaceful cul-de-sec. The beds are absolutely amazing. Not only was I impressed with the bedrooms but the restaurant was great also. I would definitely recommend the lamb. The best lamb I have ever had. I stayed here on business and I will definitely be returning.	
Nov 1 2009 	Lovely Hotel !	I took my girlfriend here to celebrate our engagement on a Saturday. Arrived earlier than than the 15:00 check in but were shown to our room as it was ready. The 2 girls behind the reception were very friendly. My first impression of the building was that it had been refurbed to a superb standard. Quite stunning. We arrived at our room which was an executive room on the 4th floor. Overall I thought the room was fabulous. Probably one of the best rooms I have stayed in and the bed was just amazing. We chose to have a few cocktails in the bar before we went out for dinner. Unfortunately the service was not great, they did'nt even have a drinks menu and the bar manager was quite rude to us. We chose to have breakfast in Pattiserie Valerie (just around the corner) the following morning as I thought £44 for breakfast for 2 was over the top. Overall loved the hotel and would definitely recommend to anyone.	
Oct 29 2009 	This Hotel Ruined our 20th Wedding Anniversary - avoid it!	We were booked into St James for the evening of our 20th wedding anniversary. My husband had selected the hotel because it was boutique and modern. When we arrived at 6.30pm, we were told that there was a maintenance problem and we couldn't stay there. Instead, we were taken to a hotel around the corner,run by another group and told we had a room upgrade. The hotel was poorly decorated, musty smelling, had sheets and blankets, was focused on the American market and you couldn't swing a cat in the room. The St James hotel could have warned us about this before we arrived and didn't. The General Manager did not take any responsiblity for this situation afterwards when we complained and we regretted having chosen the hotel in the first pllace. It spoilt our 20th wedding anniversary evening.	
Oct 9 2009 	great hotel great location	Stayed one night, couldn't fault the service or the room. Really comfortable bed and pillows, staff couldn't do enough for us. No iron in the room, we had to ask but one appeared in a couple of minutes.Lovely silk wallpaper, furnished really nicely, comfortable sofa, super clean in all areas.Would recommend this hotel, just one gripe, drinks are crazy prices, although I guess what we expected, it still felt somewhat extortionate.	
Oct 5 2009 	Can not wait to return!	What a wonderful find... Fantastic boutique style hotel! Plus a great location. The staff greats you with smiles and are eager to assist.The rooms are nicely appointed. We had a lovely room with a balony. The bathrooms are very nice and large.The hotel staff was extremely helpful. When we mentioned we were going to Dukes for a drink, we were shown the back entrance to get there more easily… the doorman actually walked us to the entranceway of Dukes!The next morning we mentioned we were going to Picadilly street and were shown the walkway through the building across the street.We look forward to returning to the St. James for another stay!You can be assured of an excellent stay at this wonderful holel.	
Sep 18 2009	Elegant Decor Great Location	Certainly one of the most stylish hotels in London, if on the small side, and an outstanding location. Beautiful, spacious bathrooms, finest linens in bed and bath, very comfortable beds. The superior and deluxe rooms are a bit small, so for a longer stay the executive is more comfortable. Gorgeous restaurant with beautifully served breakfasts. The continental breakfast has a nice variety of cereals, fruit, pastries, yogurt, etc. Staff is pretty good, if a bit erratic. A very charming jewelbox a stone's throw from the Ritz, easy walk to Buckingham Palace and West End, and Green Park tube station is just a couple blocks away. Avenue and Fakhreldine restaurants nearby are very good and Le Caprice is around the corner.	
Sep 5 2009 	Pure Class excellent location warm personal service	This hotel has a great personal touch that you rarely get. Its kept its character and service standards from its days as an exclusive business club. the staff are polite and very professional. The rooms were spotless and had the most comfortable beds i've slept in for a hotel. full of very nice finishing touches like a strong rain shower, quality l'occitane toiletries, plush his and hers slippers.its was well located, convenient walking distance to most of the west end attractions and the tube. Free wireless internet was also very useful.The bistro downstairs was excellent and well priced for London, highly recommended. It represents excellent value for the quality of hotel. Essentially the Ritz at half the price.	
Aug 31 2009 	Serene hotel just a heartbeat away from the West End	This hotel is located on Park Place, literally five minutes walk away from Piccadilly Circus. More importantly, however, it is a haven of calm amidst the hustle and bustle of London. St James's Park is just around the corner from the hotel. It is also adjacent to Jermyn Street, home of some of the most elegant shirtmakers in London town. Further down Jermyn Street, you will find a bistro called Rowleys (which serves a sizzling beef entrecote of the tenderest disposition direct to your table). And, for those of you with flights to catch, Green Park tube station on the Piccadilly line is only about a three minute trek away from the hotel.I was allocated room 602 in the St James's with access to the rooftop terrace. Given the warm temperatures in London, it was pleasant to return to the hotel in the evening and - from the rooftop - watch the world go by down in Park Place. The bedroom was of a modest size with a highly comfortable bed and effective air conditioning. The true jewel in the crown, however, was the spacious marbled bathroom which hosts both a capacious bathtub as well as a separate shower compartment. The hotel is very close to most of the central London venues. The Royal Academy is just around the corner from the hotel and it is currently hosting an alluring exhibition of paintings by Waterhouse. I was also able to walk to the Donmar Warehouse in Covent Garden (in the space of about 15 minutes) to see Rachel Weisz play Blanche in &quot;Streetcar Named Desire&quot;. And there are also a couple of good arthouse cinemas quite close to the St James's Hotel.The hotel breakfast is a bit pricy, coming in at £16 for Continental, £22 for English. We are in recessionary times. So I eschewed (if that's the right word to use) the hotel breakfast in favour of a couple of neighbourhood bistro restaurants which serve tasty breakfasts for less than a tenner.Finally, the staff of this hotel give the place something special. Great people who made every effort to ensure that I would enjoy my stay there immensely.	
Aug 28 2009 	Fabulous Hotel with a Great Staff and Location for touring London	We were on a vacation traveling throughout the U.K with a 4 night stay in London. The hotel and staff were just perfect. Madeleine Calon, Concierge for the hotel arranged Wimbledon tickets; requested prior to our arrival, arranged for a pickup at the airport (a must after a 10 hour flight). This boutique hotel is located on a quiet street with great access to Green and St. James park (through the back door) as well as a number of very good restaurants. This location is a short walk to Buckingham Palace and several other tourist attractions. We used the St. James tube, a 10 to 15 min. walk from the hotel. The room was very well appointed, including air conditioning a surprised must for the time we were in London.	
Aug 20 2009 	A great choice of luxury hotel in central London	MBS AWARDS AND PROMOTIONAL GIFTS (--) To whom it may concern.My wife and I spent last weekend, Friday 14th to Sunday 16th August 2009, visiting London.Our choice of accommodation was The St James Hotel &amp; Club in Park Place, St James, London.What a great choice we made! This Hotel has many qualities that others only hope for.Upon arrival we were enthusiastically greeted by the Concierge and reception personnel. Although a little early, our room was ready for occupation. The beautifully appointed , and spotlessly clean room had every comfort and convenience the business or pleasure traveller could expect. Throughout our stay we were constantly greeted with a smile and an abundancy of courtesy and helpfulness by every member of staff we encountered, enabling us to feel relaxed and stress free. During our stay we had dinner one evening and breakfast two mornings in the excellent restaurant, and found the meals to be hot, beautifully cooked, comprehensive and well served by the Restaurant staff.The location of this Hotel is perfect. Fortnum &amp; Mason is just five minutes away. Another five minutes on and we had reached Picadilly and Leicester Square. Just a few minutes latter we were in Covent Garden. Restaurants, Bars, Theatres and so much to see in this vibrant City of London and just a short stroll away from St James Hotel.With great regret we left our Luxurious home of 48 hours to return home, but with great memories and a final message to all the wonderful staff...&quot;see you again soon.&quot;Mike Bence	
Aug 19 2009 	Hidden gem thats more than just a hotel.	The St James's is a dream come true. I have stayed in many top hotels during my travels for business and pleasure and more or less all the high-end hotels are much of a muchness...but then there is the St James's.It is hard to put a finger on why its so fantastic, the staff, the rooms, the atmosphere are all second to none. I shall be staying there for all my London trips and will be suggestion it to all my chums!	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent Service and Pure Indulgence	From the moment I stepped out of the taxi the staff were extremely efficient, helpful and always greeted you with a smile. Throughout our stay they couldn’t do enough to help us when we needed anything, and they were always friendly no matter how insignificant our request may have been.I booked the Hotel through Mr &amp; Mrs Smith. I arrived at 8.30am after a night flight from Johannesburg, on arrival they had told me that there was a mistake with my booking as the hotel was ‘full’. So they offered me a free upgrade to the Terrace Suite, this was only available as it is can only be booked for a Friday and Saturday night stay. Even better it meant my room was available straight away.After being closed for 18 months to undergo a complete restoration St James’s Hotel &amp; Club reopened their doors last September. Each of the 60 guest rooms and suites are finished to the highest of standards and incorporate modern technology, giving the guest the feeling of grandeur. The Terrace suite includes a comfortable lounge area, minibar, iPod docking station, walk-in wardrobe, Jacuzzi bath, steam room, DVD Players and flat screen TVs.The hotel’s Andaman bar offers a comfortable place to enjoy a traditional English afternoon tea, whilst escape the busy West End. In the evening the bar is a is the perfect place to unwind and enjoy the vibrant, stylish surroundings whilst sampling a St James's signature cocktail.The breakfast menu was a mouthwateringly brilliant read. The Continental Breakfast consists of everything you could possibly dream of having, the only it lacks a wide choice fresh fruit. The Full English Breakfast uses both local and organic produced foods. For those that want something a little different to your usual hotel offerings then there is the St. James’s A-la Carte Breakfast, with offerings such as Eggs Benedict, Kedgeree with smoked haddock, and Traditional Scottish Porridge to name but a few.The only negative about this hotel is the valet parking at a steep £58.00 for 24 hours.	
Aug 16 2009 	Wonderful	We have stayed in many hotels during our time away.We are now to old to go far.Having found this wonderful Hotel we will not be looking for any other in London.We hadan excellent suite beautifully decorated and furnished.There was also a balcony tosit out.All the staff we met Vere very helpful and pleasant.The other bonus is the position of the Hotel close to the Royal Academy Green Park Fortnum and Masons.The food in Hotel was of a very high standard but if you need a change it is not too far to find alternatives.	
Aug 6 2009 	A weekend of pure indulgence and star gazing	The St James Hotel and Club is tucked away behind the Ritz in a much quieter and more pleasant location than it's more flashy and old fashioned neighbour. I hadn't really known of it's existence that is until a friend had recommended it to me as a chic city break destination. When we arrived we were more than pleasantly surprised by how elegant and chic the whole hotel is, more so than on the hotels own website. The attention to detail was stunning as our room could and should have been featured in World Of Interiors. Everything just shouted quality from the fixtures and fittings to the beautiful art work on the walls which I believe is from the Rosenstein Collection. Our main reason for picking this Hotel was due to it's location as it is just metres away from the Royal Academy of Arts and Bond Street is just on your doorstep. If you just want to take it easy then Green Park is the perfect place to sit and unwind in the sunshine. The Hotel has a lovely restaurant with great food and excellent service, it has a real intimate feeling about it and it made our stay all the more pleasurable. In fact the service in all areas of the Hotel during our short stay was just perfect. The highlight of our break had to be when we found out that Hollywwood had also come to stay at the hotel in the form of Samuel L Jackson. If the St James Hotel and Club is good enough for him then it is more than good enough for everyone else, as we felt like stars when we checked out.	
Aug 6 2009 	one of the delights of London	Having been to a number of the small luxury hotels of the world, I can safely say this is in the same league as them. All the staff were friendly and helpful. My room was exquisite, although for a short person the height of the bed did cause me one or two problems, but once on it, provided a wonderful night’s sleep.The public rooms are beautifully decorated and provide a calm oasis to the hustle and bustle of busy London just outside the door. I spent an afternoon walking around the nearby shops of Burlington Arcade and Bond street, these are so close they are like corner shops.I had a wonderful meal served by very professional staff before I went out to the Theatre for the evening.All in all, this hotel is well worth a visit as it is one of the delights of London.	
Jul 27 2009 	The St. James's is fantastic	I stayed at the St. James's Hotel and Club to celebrate my wedding anniversary. I was a little apprehensive as it was not a hotel I knew and for such an important occasion it had to be good. I needn't have worried: from the moment I crossed the threshold I thought is was fantastic: amazingly stylish decor, friendly welcome, great room.We had a nice pre theatre meal in the restaurant before going to the theatre (just a short walk away) and returned for a good night's sleep in one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. As for breakfast - well, my eggs benedict was delicious. Only thing was they need a soap dish in the shower.	
Jul 23 2009 	Perfect location wonderful staff	I can't really add much to the excellent review post just prior to mine. But I will say that having complimentary REAL high-speed internet in a hotel of this caliber is a rare and pleasant surprise.My room was on the small side, but it was very tastefully furnished, with upscale amenities such as L'Occitane en Provence toiletries, high thread count sheets, and oversized plush towels. There is also a good-sized flat screen TV located across from the bed.And the location can't be beat- steps from Piccadilly street and a 5 minute walk from the Green Park Tube station. There are plenty of wonderful cafes and bars in the area.The staff was very professional and courteous as well. And no ghosts were encountered during my trip!	
Jun 28 2009 	Small 	We chose this hotel for three reasons: it was newly renovated, located in a quiet area but near what we wanted to do, and we liked the look of the rooms on their website. We have stayed at several hotels in London and like to try a different one from time to time. Overall, we enjoyed our time at this property. We stayed in an executive room that was indeed very nice. Even though it was one of the larger room classes, it was not a big room but it was still very comfortable. The look of the room was very attractive and upscale with silk wallpaper and a tan and yellow color scheme. The lighting was also very nice and included Murano wall sconces. The room we stayed in had a small balcony overlooking a very attractive alleyway along with a second window overlooking another part of the hotel. It was nice to have balcony, but you needed to move a chair a little bit to get to it. A highlight of this room was a walk-in closet with more then enough room for two large bags plus cabinet space. The bathroom was luxurious with a separate shower and jacuzzi tub, and lots of marble. The bathroom was, however, a little narrow and tight. Although the rest of the hotel is equally nice in décor, the hotel is very cut up with fire doors everywhere. The reception is a small enclosed room with one chair. The restaurant/bar with bold art, has about twenty tables set in three different connecting small rooms. The elevator fits no more then four people without luggage. Doors are everywhere. Even the maid’s service cart for the floor needs to remain in the hall overnight because of space issues. All these factors help create an intimate atmosphere, but for some guests it may be to confining not to have any decent sized common areas. We had breakfast each day included with our package, overall, it was pretty good. The hotel is set at the end of a quiet dead end street in the St James area which has a very clubby upscale feel to it. The location is a five minute walk to a tube line and within walking distance of many of London’s main attractions.We did not encounter any ghostly problems that other guests have mentioned and we do not understand where that is coming from. Like other reviewers however, we declined paying the discretionary service charge which we have never come across before at any hotel.This newly renovated hotel has a lot of style and calling it a hotel and club is very fitting because it really does feel more like an exclusive club then a traditional hotel. If that suits your taste then you will be very happy at this location.	
Jun 27 2009 	Greedy - Not 5 stars	Very good location.Greedy hotel, to expensiveSmall roomsNot a 5 star hotel	
Jun 24 2009 	The St. James’s have everything that you could wish for….	I have probably travelled the world a 100 times, I have stayed in thousands hotels and experienced all types of cultures, cuisines and service. So after all these years of travelling I consider my shelf as a bit of a hotel guru and I can quickly establish when walking into a hotel if it will be a great stay or not. When I arrived at the St. James’s Hotel and Club and the doorman opened the door to my taxi I knew that this would be a great stay. The friendliness and professionalism of the staff at this hotel is without limits, they will do everything for you, cheer you up if you are in a bad mood, remember your favorite beer and ensure that there is one chilled in your room when you come back after a long day at work, get theater tickets to the show that have been sold out for month – I was impressed. Not only was the service implacable, the food in the restaurant was absolutely amazing and the cleanliness was outstanding.As I learned the hotel had recently undergone a complete refurbishment were they kept the classic style but with a contemporary twist to it – which makes the hotel outstanding from all other hotels in London. From this day I will stop looking for hotel when coming to London – I have found my home.	
May 27 2009 	Very Creepy !!!!!	Wow...I totally agree with the review of feeling hotel was HAUNTED. I thought perhaps it was a bit of jet-lag at the start of our stay but after a few days that was not the case at all. Not only was my whole family freaked out but when you chat with other guests they all agree.My husband and 2 sons were all very spooked but the big one was when our 2 year old daughter sat straight up in our bed and was yelling and pointing to the corner of our room saying &quot; Mommy, lady is mad....Lady is mad....go away bad lady&quot;. And then the TV turned on with the volume VERY loud. Needless to say our last night was not fun as we had All 3 kids in our bed until morning. Yawn !!!!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent location - disappointing room	This hotel is in an excellent position if you want to go to Jermyn Street and Savile Row. I can't say that it is a bad hotel, but it is one of the most expensive hotels we have stayed in (including the Royal Hotel, Evian and the Ritz Carlton, Berlin) and apart from the excellent position, it just wasn't worth the money.We were in a Superior room (the cheapest) and it was a very small room for two people. The only space for the larger suitcase was standing in the wardrobe. The bathroom was also very small, with a small washbasin with a broad granite surround, and only enough space for one person between the washbasin and the bath. It was very difficult for two people to use the bathroom simultaneously, and we are not obese! A nice feature was the room having two small balconies (one covered), but unfortunately there wasn't even a chair on either of them. Although the hotel was only recently reopened, some of the paint in the room was damaged, probably by guests trying to negotiate luggage in the cramped conditions. I wonder what it will look like in a couple of years.Space is obviously at a premium in the hotel with the bar doubling as the breakfast room, and the maid's trolley parked permanently in the corridor (fire regulations?).The continental breakfast was o.k., but very expensive at an additional GBP 17.50 each. The continetal breakfast is laid out on the bar counter, which is rather high, and again - space - only one person can pass between the bar counter and the wall to get to the end where the breakfast is laid out. On checking out, the bill was wrong (too high), but was immediately corrected. I don't like the &quot;Discretionary Service Charge&quot; which was automatically added to the bill, and which I declined to pay. The receptionist didn't comment when I said that I had never seen that elsewhere. When I said that I found the room small, the receptionist gave me the head receptionist's card and told me to contact him directly if we were to book again.To sum up, I found the room very small and overpriced, and location the only big plus.	
May 6 2009 	eerrrriiiieeee feeling!!	i would never go to this hotel ever again!!!! comfort wise, this hotel was above average but the kind of experience we had was not very great. we felt as if the hotel was haunted. i was walking down the corridor one evening to go to my room but it seemed that the corridor wouldn't end. and also once when i was in the bath, i felt the presence of somebody in my room when all my family members were down for diner. i still get goose bumps when i think of that day.	
Apr 24 2009 	Everyting a top class hotel should be.	We have just returned from an overnight stay at the St James Hotel and Club - It was marvelous - All the staff made us really welcome - The suite was pure luxury and the food fabulous - Special thanks must go to the Maitre d' who went out of his way to make it really special for us.	
Apr 7 2009 	Quality hotel great location but not perfect.	Decided to have a change from our usual 5 star hotel but still wanted Green Park/Mayfair area and as usual booked through lastminute.com. The staff were very welcoming and courteous throughout our stay and could not be faulted. Wish I had read the information before booking as did not realise there would be no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Whilst I realise the hotel provides 24 hour room service, there are times when we prefer to make our own 'as and when'. We were apparently upgraded on arrival and were most impressed by the wet room although I still miss the option of a bath. Quality furnishings and very comfortable beds, exceptionally clean hotel. Our wardrobe was only adequate for a single room , certainly not large enough for two people. Cannot comment on the food quality as we ate out ,but £26 each for breakfast seems a bit steep.As we had paid in full at the time of booking and knew we had not used the mini bar we were shocked at checkout to receive a bil for over £33. I queried it and was informed that it was a 'Discretionary Service Charge'. This was not mentioned at booking and I feel it may not be entirely legal so I chose not to pay it. Well it was discretionary! The receptionist was quite civil and accepted my decision.	
Apr 6 2009 	Walk anywhere return to a cozy and comfortable room	The St James's has recently been refurbished, and you do notice the fresh interior and materials. Staff are extremely friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. You are made welcome from the moment you step out of your car until you close the doors on it to leave again. I would recommend this hotel to anybody.We stayed for several nights in one of the more luxurious rooms, with a large bathroom (jacuzzi tub and separate shower), walk-in closet and lots of space to spread out. A proper desk/work space and separate sitting area surround the huge bed, and you still manage to walk around. The room was quiet, although facing the courtyard, we did get the occasional rumble from bottle recycling and removal. Room heating may be an issue in the summer. Despite it being March, we kept the AC going as the room was very warm and still had to keep the window open to cool the room down to an appropriate sleeping temperature.We only tried the restaurant for breakfast, but it was excellent. Staff occasionally seemed somewhat flustered when more than three or four tables were occupied, but were nevertheless friendly and quite efficient. There are not that many rooms in the hotel, so you are not likely to be waiting for long at any time.The only major negative was with housekeeping storing their carts and towel bins in the corridors on our floor, day and night, not even always keeping them covered up. It made for a difficult passage more often than not, and our requests to move the cart somewhere else were to no avail.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good location small friendly Hotel	The hotel is situated just behind the Ritz. I stayed for three nights (and got the third night free as part of a deal on lastminute) but it is still on the expensive side. The hotel only has about 50ish rooms and is quite compact. The rooms are on the small side but I suppose that's to be expected as the building wasn't originally a hotel. There are the usual 5* hotel refinements but alas no gym.	
Mar 12 2009 	great sight-seeing location but very expensive	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday - we are both in our 20's. Before booking this hotel i was deciding between this one and the Marriott County Hall which was the same price. I think for us the Marriott would have been much better suited. We booked a deluxe double and when we arrived were given a twin mattress and the room didn't have a bath. So we got moved to what was described as a much smaller room with a double bed. The hotel had lots of floors and had an almost Faulty Towers feel (but a very plush faulty towers)! The room was small but it was fine for us, very comfortable bed and a nice bathroom with double sinks, robes and slippers. It also had a balcony overlooking the front of the hotel which was nice, and lots of paintings which we like. We had a drink in the bar one evening which was very expensive, £14 for a small cocktail, £6 for a beer and £4.50 for a little bottle of juice from the mini bar...and they added on tax on departure. The staff were very friendly. I think the bar was also the restaurant as we didn't see a separate restaurant. We didn't use the tube once, walking mostly, and used a few taxi's. I would recommend this hotel for people wanting a very discreet quiet hotel, maybe for older travellers and people with lots of money to spend around Mayfair.	
Feb 12 2009 	Very stylish	Really liked this hotel. Has a gentlemans club feel to it (so it should i guess as it used to be one!). Beautifully appointed rooms and quite luxurious. Pricey but worth it. Night room service was so slow though that I had to call looking for my order a few times.	
Feb 11 2009 	Loved The St. James!	I stayed at The St. James Hotel and Club recently whilst in London on business. Normally I would have thought it was 'exclusive membership' only from the name, but actually a friend recommended this hotel. The location suited me pretty well - my appointments were in Berkeley Square mainly, so I could walk there. The building is quite elegant in a Victorian way, but when you go in the inside it is very contemporary and chic. They have used lots of rich colours and expensive fabrics to create a very warm atmosphere. Staff were very friendly and helpful, all in a natural way - I needed an adaptor for my laptop, which arrived pretty soon. I had a quiet room on the third floor which had a terrace outside (so I could smoke..) and the bed was one of the best I have ever slept in. The bar is quite spectacular and crowded when I came in. I bumped into the Hotel Manager, Mr. Tim Pettifer, in the lobby, who coincidentally knew the friend that recommended my this hotel. I would definitely go back with my wife, as it is close enough for the theatre and offers good value for money!	
Feb 6 2009 	a Well placed Gem	Having tested the property with a group of colleagues only weeks after it opened in late 2008 I was pleased to return in late January to find it surpassed the original comfortable stay. The well placed finely run gem surpasses expectations with its personable, focused and tailored service. The finely appointed public areas are only the beginning as the plush rooms are a haven from the madness of the city. The dining room and lounge areas are cozy and provide private areas for discreet conversation. The food is outstanding. Astonishing as well is the silence when you know you are located steps from Piccadilly! I have become a fan and now tell as many colleagues as I can. It would also be perfect for the romantic getaway weekend, BRAVO!!	
Feb 2 2009 	What a treat!	We stayed in this wonderful hotel for only one night while visiting London. I am already planning my next visit! The hotel is beautiful, elegant and stylish. The location is perfect, in a small quiet cul-de-sac but only a short walk from many attractions. The staff are very friendly yet professional and the dinner was amazing - I recommend the pear tart for desert! If you want a little luxury while staying London I totally recommend this hotel, it’s worth every penny.	
Jan 27 2009 	Upgraded (but not right away)	I'm late getting this review in. We stayed at the St .James in October 08 on what was a four night business trip for my husband. They had only been open a couple of months and we were able to book a room at a special opening rate. Note, this is an expense account hotel. Drinks aren't cheap in the bar and are small. Because they had only just opened, all the staff were a little bit nervous and on their toes, trying hard to please. The location of this hotel is perfect. Central, right around the corner from the Green Park tube station, but tucked in at the end of a dead end street off of St James Street. We booked an &quot;executive&quot; room, which was on the top floor in the back. As quiet is important to us, we thought this location was grand until our heads hit the pillow. If anyone else gets this room, know that the air handlers are located on the roof of the room and emit a solid HUMMMM / vibration all night. Not loud, but annoying. Anyway, with Ambien in hand we could handle that, but it was the smell of rotting eggs eminanting from steam shower drain that really got to us. We complained the first night and they seemed to have fixed the problem when we got back from dinner. However, the smell was back on the second day and we complained again. No action this time. Finally, the morning of our third day, I mentioned something on our way out. When I returned that night, there was a note from managment offering to change our room to a suite. They apolgoized and said they had tried to change us the first night but had &quot;missed&quot; us when we came back from dinner. &quot;Missed&quot; us? well the note under the door worked just fine on day three!! We don't think they &quot;missed&quot; us, we think they were just too green to know what to do about us, and, they probably thought they could solve the drain problem. The suite was a welcome upgrade, in front with a view down the street, fireplace, etc. Very deluxe and quieter then the room in the back. Everything new, a bit too &quot;done&quot; but a welcome relief from English chintz. By the way, the bathrooms are fabulous, especially if you like hot baths on cold nights. This is a German company, so you get alot of German businessmen there on expense accounts. Although perhaps fewer in this economic climate.	
Jan 24 2009 	A hidden gem	Last week my company asked me to attend a meeting in central London. Previously I have stayed in some of the larger well known 5 star hotels but this time decided to stay at the St James after it was recommended by a colleague. The whole experience was superb from check in to departure. Located perfectly in the heart of Mayfair the hotel was in the ideal position for all my central London appointments (just 2 minutes walk from Green Park tube station). The service, attention to detail and spacious bedrooms made it easy for me to relax and unwind after a hard day. The hotel is a hidden gem within London and I will be using it again and recommending it to all colleagues and friends.	
Jan 2 2009 	New Years Eve 08/09	So I lived and worked in London, so am aware of what NYE means as far as crowds/prices are concerned.Location. Couldn't be beaten. Just off Piccadilly it was a 10 minute walk from Big Ben across Green Park. For people new to London this is n ideal location. The quiet back street meant there was no traffic noise.Rooms. Modern, maybe too modern... We only stayed for the one night and it took us some time to work the lights and the steam shower... However great bathroom, and a walk in wardrobe. A wonderfully comfortable bed.Breakfast. Morning after NYE so palates were a little weak...Breakfast was adequate, fresh products - other than the fruit...but the tea....awful.Service. Very friendly.Car Parking. expensive, but then it would be for anywhere else in this area - £48 for the night!Special occasion so quite pleased, but would probably not stay here again simply because of the price...	
Jan 1 2009 	Great 5* Hotel	This is a fantastic luxury boutique hotel in a beautiful part of London. First time we have visited since the refurbishment and they have done an excellent job.The rooms are very tastefully decorated with extremely comfortable beds. The hotel is in a peaceful but convenient location and there are lots of restaurants and shops all within walking distance.Great bathrooms with power showers and luxury toiletries.Everywhere was spotlessly clean and the service was both friendly and efficient.I cannot think of anything I didn't like about this hotel (very unusual for me !)	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Small 5 Star Hotel	This is a great hotel with great service. The hotel was recently remodeled and you can definitely tell everything is new and very clean. All of the staff were very helpful and provided great suggestions for things for us to do and booking of show tickets. The convenient location makes this a great place to stay for those that want to go to museums, shopping, eating, etc. It is located withing a block or so of Picadilly St, Buckingham Palace, and St James Park	
Nov 13 2008 	WOW exellent hotel excellent service a true 5 star with a perfect location!!!	Having come to london to do shopping with my friend and daughter we had shopped till we dropped quite literally!!! and decided to stay in london for 1 night as I manage a travel agancy and know all hotels in london I wanted to try the St James's hotel and club as I had heard that it had just been refurbished and heard that it had been done very tastefully.so after deliberation we booked online at the mandarin oriental as we went there for some food and drinks and discounted it as they were a little abrupt and the bar was full! this was on a monday night! anyway we booked online and it worked out slightly more than the mandarin but wanted to give it a try out.Well what a place...!!! the welcome we got was very good personal and service witha capital S! I love the chesterfield hotel in london and milestone and the halkin is also very good but already this hotel had a good feel about it ..small but the bar itself was nicer than the mandarin slightly smaller but well what can I say excellent service and personal ..the bar manager joel came over and introduced himself and stood to chat I found him to be really nice and very cheerful all the staff were the same as this it almost feels like a very close knit family ...now to the rooms we had a superior room and it was small but that was the only downside the plasma tv is enormous and the bathrooms have a huge rainfall shower with l'occitane toiletries and lots of them, i also mentioned at reception that i needed nappies but i would get them in morning before i knew 10 minutes later i was handed a boots bag, the concierge had went out for them!! this was just what I like from hotels like this.Overall our stay was very plesant I could go in to a lot more detail but I think you get the message it really is a great place to stay dont bother looking anwhere else you wont be dissapointed with this excellent hotel.Many thanks to the staff for looking after us and for making our 2 yr old feel welcome we will be back!!!	
Oct 26 2008 	A great hotel in the heart of London	We found this hotel by accident while reviewing others in the area (Dukes, Rocco Brown's, etc.) as it has been closed for the last 18 months with a new owner refurbishing the entire place. Its set in an 1850&quot;s townhome that has been a gentlemens club for the last number of years.Normally, I would not book at a hotel with no reviews online and in another country but the pictures, the new management's track record, and the location had me take a chance...We were not disapointed!The place is absolutley great... from the front desk, to the doorman, to the bar/restaurant staff, there is really a friendly group here. All went out of their way to really meet any request or just to chat about what to do in the area, or london in general. Even ran into the owner by chance who took the time to let us know what all has been happening over the last year and since the place was relaunched.We had a nice suprise when one of the employees saw me and my wife at a local pub and had a round of beer sent to our table.The hotel is tucked away right behind the Ritz and only a block to Picadilly Street, maybe 500 yards or so Picadilly Circus. If you take the back gate out of the hotel you come out in Green Park which, on the other side is Buckingham palace (maybe a 5 minute walk)... In short, the location is ideal to walk to SOHO, Mayfair, Covent, etc and extremley safe.The bar and restaurant are not only great looking but very comfortable. This is one of the few places where the pictures one the website actually reflect the true place once there in person, we appreciated that as this is not always the case...The rooms, being basically brand new, where very nice and the beds just about as good as they get. All the rooms were furnished in a manner you would only expect from a top notch hotel with all the amenities you would ever need (plasmas, wifi, steam shower, etc.). Noise was never an issue and the place was extremley clean.Overall, I can say it was well worth the time and money spent, the staff only added to our enjoyment. The place has around 60 or so rooms so if your looking for something nice and big, this is not the spot. If you are looking for a top notch boutique hotel then this one comes recommended.	
Sep 11 2008 	A Hidden Jewel in the Heart of London	What used to be a Gentlemen's Club , was closed for an extensive refurbishment, and recently opened in August this year (08), under management by Althoff Hotels, a luxury boutique chain of European Hotels. Whilst offering their services to the public, the St James Hotel Club still exists and is more vibrant than ever.The St Jame's Hotel and Club is now a superb small 60 room five star hotel in the heart of London's &quot;palace&quot; district. A mere few minutes leisurely walk will put you at Green Park, St Jame's Park, Hyde Park, St Jame's Palace, Buckingham Palace, and of course the ever popular Regent, Oxford and Bond Streets, not to mention the numerous upmarket restaurants and bars. In my case, a 3 pound 50 cab ride.The reception I received upon arrival from Fredrica and her team, was sincere and personal, and no trouble was spared ensuring my room was up to my expectations (which it surpassed). The assistant head concierge, Tony O'Connell, was your typical efficient, knowledgeable and unflappable expert regarding where to go, what to see, where to eat and how to get there. I highly recommend his advice before setting foot outside the hotel.Needing sustenance, I visited the restaurant and bar. Again the service was five star and the surroundings beautiful. While renovating the hotel to such a high standard, care was taken to ensure the original character of the building was preserved. I discovered that the chef was in fact a protege of a two Michelin Star chef in Europe, especially brought to the St Jame's to set the standard, and that he did.The bar manager, Joel Lawrence, is passionate about his role in returning the St Jame's to its rightful place as a discerning venue in the heart of London. His knowledge of the history surrounding the hotel/club, combined with his genuine delight with the fantastic array of hard-to-get items behind the bar, made me an easy sell. His aim is to cater for business and media-shy individuals, and I believe he will succeed handsomely. Joel was kind enough to show me through the Hotel/Club's facilities. Apart from the bedrooms and restaurant, much effort has been spent on creating several up to the minute business suites, with hidden power point presentation facilities, independent bar facilities and the ability to open up all areas to create room for larger functions. Very clever and very functional.The gracious Club secretary, Ms Pam Carter, took time to welcome me to the St Jame's Hotel and Club, emphasising her desire to maintain the reciprocality with the Canterbury Club in New Zealand. She suggested that each include the other in their correspondence to members. Mr Tim Pettifer, the General Manager, also was kind enough to introduce himself. He, too, emphasised the importance of maintaining reciprocality with other clubs, and quite rightly felt he had much to offer visitors. I can personally vouch for that. Beware that he knew as much if not more about the All Blacks as I do.I had to work hard to remind myself that I was there for business not pleasure. It's a compliment to the hotel and its staff that I found myself returning there at the end of the day, instead of heading off to some other venue.While the cost is up there, it is most definitely value for money. Remember, it takes 24+ hours to get there. I can assure you an oasis like this is worth every penny. I reluctantly had to leave though, and it would not have surprised me in the slightest, had I looked out of the rear window of the car as it departed, seen someone standing on the steps wishing me Bon Voyage.Miss it already. Highly recommended.	
Nov 23 2009 	Magnifico		
Nov 18 2009 	Sehr teuer aber unglaublich zentral gelegen!		
Oct 22 2009 	Tout simplement parfait !		
Sep 28 2009 	Super Lage grandiose Ausstattung		
Sep 20 2009 	Wunderschönes Hotel		
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent emplacement bonnes prestations		
Apr 5 2009 	Splendide hotel mais cher !		
Apr 1 2009 	Weit überschätzt		
Jan 6 2009	Super aber....		
Dec 7 2008 	Adeguato alla categoria		
