Nov 12 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	I have stayed at the Montagu Place twice now, the first visit was almost acidental after finding it on laterooms, the second was an intended return.Location-wise it is ideal for Baker Street, Marylebone, Hyde Park, Edgware Road, Oxford Street and Park Lane. It is a few yards from Glouchester Place which is a busy road but the building seems to be very well insulated for sound and there is no excessive noise pollution to disturb you.The rooms are well decorated and well appointed with a highstandard of comfort, both in terms of furnishing and fittings and also the little things that make a difference like complimentary water, ground coffee, decent biscuits and Molton Brown toiletries.The bathrooms seem to be quite small, the two rooms I have stayed in only had showers but this was more than satisfactory for my needs and the shower was excellent.There is a lounge and a small bar which are well decorated and comfortable. I have not eaten breakfast here and whilst I agree that £13 is expensive for breakfast it is no worse than other similar hotels in London.What really makes this hote stand out though is the exceptional service. After making my booking I was sent a lovely email which recognised that I was a returning guest which is a really nice touch. The staff are extremely friendly and welcoming including refusing to allow you to carry your bags up the stairs! This level of service is unusual in so many hotels in this country and is a major point of difference which is a credit to the staff and management.I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to anyone.	
Nov 11 2009 	Lovely town house hotel in a great area small but standard beds	After a lot of searching to choose a hotel for 3 nights in London, I chose this one following good reviews. It turned out great. Once again reminding me why I love this site!The hotel is well situated in the Baker Street area and really close to Madame Tussuad's. With easy access to the Bakerloo, Jubilee, H&amp;City and Circle lines, getting around from here is easy.We were in room 33, on the top floor so it was really quiet. There are no lifts in the hotel so the stairs were a bit challenging after a long day's walking but really not a major hindrance. The (Comfy) room was spacious and the bathroom was small but clean, and recently renovated. We DID get the complimentary water, and made use of the kettle to make tea and coffee.The only negative thing we found was that the bed was a bit small for us. A standard sized 140, but both being used to a 160 we found it difficult to get a good night's sleep.If you are like us, and like your space when you sleep, call ahead when booking and ask if you can get a room with a larger bed - It might mean you will have to pay more for a Swanky room though.I did mention this to the staff in the morning and they were very understanding and had they not been booked up, they would have upgraded us to a larger bed!We chose not to have breakfast at the hotel as we thought it was a bit expensive (£13, or £10 if you book in advance when booking the room) and despite waking up to the smell of freshly baked croissants (yes, all the way up to the top floor) we preferred getting a coffee and a muffin at the nearby Costa, Pret, or Starbucks.If you want a nice hearty cooked English breakfast, Mina's down the road towards the station serves up a good plate of food for only £5.Also in the area is the Canteen, which is also worth a visit. They have really good opening hours and serves traditional English grub morning, noon and night.Worth mentioning too, for the shoppers, is that a couple of buses will take you from Oxford Street ( just near Selfridge's) right up to the corner of Glouster Road and Montagu Place which is a live saver after a long day.Overall we had a lovely stay in this hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	A very special hotel.	This hotel is the first hotel i stayed in with my partner so holds special memories for me. This is a small hotel with only 16 room's. We have stayed here 3 times now and had a swanky room each time. These room's are large with a huge bed. They have large bathroom's with a big bath and seperate shower. The staff are very friendly and helpful and i'd definately stay here again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Convenient comfortable well priced with excellent service.	Stayed following Trip Advisor reviews and not disappointed. We stayed in rooms 31 (3 floors up) and 14 (two floors up). The rooms are the same size as most of the hotels I have stayed in, in London. Small compared to the rest of the country but big enough to feel comfortable. Well decorated and everything provided. Molton Brown Bath products and - Tea and coffee making facilities including a cafetiere with ground coffee - a first in a hotel room for me, and biscuits. Cold continental buffet breakfast - £10 per person if pre-booked was very well priced. Car parks within a short walk. Infact almost everything is within a short walk. A very convenient, well priced comfortable hotel with excellent service. (only critism is the hollow fibre pillows - but then I'm fussy about my pillows.)	
Oct 8 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL	I stayed at the Montagu Place Hotel for 3 nights on my trip to London. It is a wonderful, charming boutique hotel in a great, safe area on a quiet street with close proximity to the tube, Oxford Street, Marble Arch, and Hyde Park. My room decor was trendy and cozy, well appointed with lovely bedding and accents. The ensuite was pristine and well stocked with my new favorite 'Molton Brown' products - the shower was amazing. My room was always made up when I got back to the hotel and was fresh and well attended to. The service at the hotel was outstanding - all staff members were completely professional and went out of their way to ensure that my vacation was effortless. I would stay at the Montagu Place again without question.	
Sep 2 2009 	GREAT BED QUIET ROAD .. SHAME ABOUT THE FRUIT	We booked a Swanky room for £200, room only, direct with the hotel about 5 days in advance of our stay. Usual price is £260. We had room 32, at the top of the building – 4 floors of stairs. Nicely decorated and styled room, if a bit dark – it looks just like the one on the Swanky photo on their website. Some of the paintwork could do with tidying up – there were scuffs along the walls in the bedroom and up the stairs. Spacious, well-maintained and bright bathroom with bath and double-size shower, bathrobes and Molton Brown products. The double bed was two ¾ beds pushed together, and therefore huge, and was extremely comfortable. The minibar turned out to be an empty fridge – enjoy! Cafetiere &amp; fresh coffee was provided but the advertised choice of teas was just regular teabags, no fruit/herbal, and there wasn’t enough milk for more than 2 drinks – not a big deal but a bit thoughtless. The complimentary fruit was a disappointing display of 3 pieces (see photo), two of which were somewhat wrinkly and unappetising. Friendly and efficient welcome from the receptionist, who let us check in 4 hours early, as the room was available. We didn’t have any problems that required assistance but they tried to charge us for calls from the room which we hadn’t made. They deducted when we pointed this out.Breakfast was croissants, brown rolls, pastries, salami, ham, yoghurt, cereal &amp; fruit baskets. Toast was offered. Not as varied as the selection shown on the website photograph.There is a lounge by reception, the bar being the actual reception desk.Despite our room being situated at the front of the building, our Saturday night stay was undisturbed, in fact it’s a very quiet road.It’s about a 10 minute walk from Marylebone and Baker Street. I would stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	A splendidly kept and comfortable hotel	So comfortable and cool. Everything was very modern, clean and quiet. The perfect getaway after a long day. Nice place to lay your head and relax, a good bed for those who need one.	
Jul 5 2009 	PLEASANT VISIT	I am most impressed with the front desk reception staff! Each of your 'ladies 'is truly outstanding in efficiency..courtesy and total responsiveness to your guests. A minor point: there is a bit too much dependence on 'Google' for most enquiries. [For example, the Wallace Collection is a Museum that is most close to your property, yet not known to any one at the front desk. ] Room #22 , listed as a 'Swanky' room and reported to be one of the best accommodations....was a bit disappointed...for the following reasons: a] apparently it is the only room that has no wardrobe with any drawers! We had to put all of our non hanging clothes in the fireplace! b] Your linens really need to be changed more frequently than once every four days. c] Your web site, indicates, bathrobes provided..there were no bathrobes in the room. d] the tub in the bathroom takes forever to fill up.... e] at times, there was no hot water to wash with. f] As you already know, given the hotel tariff schedule, you really need to get more television stations...especially CNN! I do think that when you have full occupancy, that you appear to need more than one person at the reception desk. Having young ladies carry very heavy suitcases up several flights of stairs, while they have to leave the front desk, doesn't make for an efficient coverage of calls, reception, etc. While your breakfast is quite good, a bit of variety, rather than the exact same offerings each day would be welcome. Your housekeeping staff is outstanding and efficient. Our room was also cleaned in a timely and thorough manner. The tarrif is ] a bit high in comparing your property with similar properties in the same neighborhood. What would have us return to the Montagu Place is the truly outstanding hospitality that is offered by all of your daystaff, including yourself, when you are on property.	
Jun 7 2009	There is no other place to stay when in London	This small hotel is a gem. The staff and GM, Dimitrios Neofitidis, are both professional and accommodating. The hotel is charming and comfortable. The decor is tasteful and understated. The beds are divine. My daughter choose to stay with me instead of her home in London! I arrived early coming in from the States. The staff greeted me by name. My room was not available but they had a place set for me breakfast, and provided a set of towels and Molton Brown products for me to freshen up. They assured me that they would take care of my luggage so I could be on my way. Not 60 minutes passed, my cell rang, my room was ready!I loved it so much, I returned a week later for two more nights...the daughter still stayed that time too!We love hotels that are beautiful, comfortable and reassuring that we have something comparable to home, this really is one of those hidden gems.	
May 27 2009 	Truly Amazing Stay Chic Hotel Superb Staff!	I had the fortunate chance to be recommended to stay at this recently refurbished hotel situated in the heart of London. Martina, the lady at reception on duty when I checked in was the friendliest lady ever! She looked after me from the moment I checked in and she welcomed me by inviting me to have drinks at their bar, where she expertly opened a bottle of champagne and poured me a glass, to the following day when she personally delivered a beautifully created breakfast tray to my bedroom. Dimitrios, the manager, is the most entertaining and friendliest hotel manager I've encountered. Ash, the night porter had me laughing in stitches with his jokes. Great service, excellent staff! The room is divine! When I told the reception that I am a light sleeper, they gave me a room which truly lived up to my expectation. I stayed in one of their top floor rooms and I slept like a log. Very quiet room, i must say. They have all the luxury amenities like Molton Brown toiletries, soft linen, very comfortable bed, etc. If you are reading this review, look no further, book a room now and experience a lovely stay in London at Montagu Place Hotel.	
May 13 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed at Montagu Place just after Easter with my partner and friends and was not disappointed.The hotel is a townhouse that does not have the full facilites some people may expect but it was perfect for us.The location of the hotel is ideal for those people who want to get out and about in the Capital but have a friendly welcome when they come back. Nothing was to much trouble for the staff.	
Apr 14 2009 	Wonderful in every way!	I thought this hotel was so wonderful that it is really about time I wrote a review. My boyfriend and I were absolutely overjoyed by the service at this hotel. Dimitri (or Dimitrios, I can't quite remember) was by far the most pleasant person we dealt with during our entire trip. He was very friendly and helpful. We arrived a bit earlier than expected so our room was still being cleaned. Even though it was not his fault, he gave us a complimentary drink in the downstairs bar and tried to help us out every way he could, by getting us taxis, giving us a map, telling us where to go, etc. He went out of his way every day to assist us. He even mailed some records my boyfriend bought in Soho back to Australia so he wouldn't have to carry them around Europe and on the flight home. He was just marvelous! The atmosphere was wonderful - we sat in the downstairs bar drinking and chatting to the staff, and they offered to play any song we liked through YouTube on the speakers.The room itself was lovely and modern. The bed was comfortable and warm and the bathroom was large. We were treated to big breakfasts every morning, and they were delicious!The location was perfect - the hotel was an easy walk to the nearby train stations and sights.All in all, this hotel should not be missed. Next time I am in London, I know where I'll be staying. Thank you Dimitri!	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent Small Hotel	We stayed here for 2 night. We stayed in a &quot;swanky&quot; room. It was very modern, although a little small considering it's 200 per night charge. The staff were great, very helpful. Will return.	
Jan 8 2009 	Outstanding Hotel - Great Location for Sights and Shopping	What a gem of a find Montagu Place is. A beautiful town house hotel only a handful of minutes walk from several tube stops and an easy stroll to the major shopping areas and sights of London.If you want a 100+ room, huge lobby, faceless 4/5 star hotel, this isn’t for you. Montagu place is a very Chic, Trendy, Town House style hotel with quite possibly the best customer service I have ever experienced in London (having worked in the travel industry for many years and been fortunate to sample some of the best hotels around the world, I feel I can pick out good customer service).In fact, you aren’t a customer at Montagu Place – you feel very much like a house-guest in a very fancy London residence.The General Manager runs Montagu Place hotel with incredible style, which is second to none, and a very sincere passion for his guest’s happiness and comfort. Absolutely nothing was too much for him and I swear he never slept (there when we went to bed and then again in the am). For example, after a hard days shopping in the January Sales (in minus 2 degrees) and with several miles on the feet, Dimitrios welcomed us back to the hotel with “ahh it looks like you have had a successful day (we were clearly carrying too many sale bags), touch cold out today so I have made you a nice cup of coffee in the lounge” – those cups of coffee never appeared on the bill!!In short, our four-nights (which were only meant to be two nights, but we liked it so much we extended) were exceptional and we will certainly return.	
Nov 23 2008 	A wonderful place to stay in	I stayed there for 4 nights. It's a lovely hotel, cosy ambience, nice decor and great staffs. It is conveniently located, near to both Baker St and Marble Arch Metro stations. There are also a lot of eateries along the next st (Baker St). I got a Comfy room for 150 pounds/night, and the breakfast is 10 pounds (for 4 nights, promotional rate which I got when I signed up during checkin). The room is stylish, the bed is really comfortable and I like the molten brown toiletries. The best thing I like about this place is that the staffs are really helpful and polite. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if I visit london the next time.	
Aug 7 2008 	Brilliant hotel - definitely visit again	What an excellent hotel! Although small, it is definitely perfectly formed. We arrived a couple of hours before check-in and our room was available immediately. The room was small, but big enough for a couple of nights stay. The bed was the comfiest hotel bed we've ever had. The bathroom was great, particularly the shower. The staff were very helpful. Loved it! We'll definitely be returning. We got a great deal on lastminute.com so would recommend trying there.	
May 19 2008 	Terrible experience. This hotel regularly double books rooms (see other reviews)	Booked a room here online and paid a £100 deposit. Reconfirmed my booking by telephone 2 days before going. However when we arrived we were told there was a problem with booking and there was no room for us. They told us they had booked another room for us at a different hotel but this was miles away and very small with a terrible outlook and no parking. Totally ruined our one night in London as we were dining with friends at a restaurante adjacent to the Montagu so had to keep taxiing between the two areas and by the time we had sorted everything out with the Montagu and they had eventually got us to the other hotel we were 45 minutes late for dinner. THIS HOTEL LOOKS LOVELY ON THE WEBSITE, BUT DONT RISK BOOKING IT AS YOU MAY WELL END UP SOMEWHERE ELSE.	
Mar 21 2008	Loved it.	It is difficult to find a decent hotel in London without paying sky high prices. 2 Montague Place was perfect. It was like a home from home!Located in a quiet street off Baker Street it was a prefect location to go out in London. The rooms was big enough for 2 people. Nicely decorated and clean. Very comfy bed. Bathroom is small but clean and well presented with Molton Brown products. Staff friendly but not in your face.Would definately recommend this place if you require a comfortable modern boutique hotel for a few nights stay.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great	It was really nice and the breakfast choice was splendid (although for £12 or so you would expect it to be!!). The decoration was warm, cosy and welcoming and the colours chosen with taste. I paid £99 for the &quot;Comfy&quot; room (special offer found through lastminute.com) and felt really lucky considering that for this price you can get terrible rooms in London. I had a pleasant stay and thought the staff was formal and nice. They were polite and helpful.However, I stayed in room 1 and because it is under the reception you tend to hear people walking around. Also, the radiator was a bit loud when it warmed up. i mentioned it to the reception so they may do something about it... So if you are staying there, try a room upstairs as it may be quieter.	
Jan 20 2008	Not quuite as trendy as you think	My wife and I stayed at Montague Place on Friday 18th Jan. We are a young(ish) couple and were seduced by its website - boutique hotel, traditional Georgian building, modern interior, cocktail bar etc etc however whilst it is nice, its not as nice as the website would lead you to believe. The Good :Location is great, within walking distance of Baker st and Marylebone tube - or an £8 cab ride to Oxford st. Lovely tree lined location, traditional Georgian building. Some little pubs and cafe's tucked away in the surrounding streets and it feels like your away from the tourists.The Bad :The Cocktail bar doesn't exist - its a fridge cabinet behind reception and the seating is just the seats in reception. We expected to be able to have a few drinks before we went out and when we came back, you can do this but you will be sat on your own.There was dried blood on our bed sheets.Room :We stayed in the Comfy room as this was all that was available. Its nicely furnished but it tiny and is at the very top of the building.To sum up, this is a nice little hotel if you can get it for a good price and just want somewhere central and comfortable. Be wary that there aren't any communal spaces - or at least none you will really use. I certainly wouldn't pay £150 a night for our tiny room (their website prices)	
Jan 7 2008	Definitely a come back-er!	Not only the place is located nearby everything a tourist may need -chemist, post office, money exchange, mini market, cinema, restaurants, shopping area, Madame Tussauds wax musseum, and the station! The hotel offers a very warm hospitality, very peaceful and home-like, and the attention to detail, like the choices of in room coffee &amp; tea, and toiletries from Molton Brown, they are an excelent touch! When we are too tired to eat out and wanting an in room dining, we found that the hotel have chosen a delectable choices of food from different countries. They deliver it to your room free of charge when you spend certain amount.What more can we say? The hotel makes the difference when it comes to experiencing our whole trip. We stayed for 13 days, and intend to come back the next time we visit London.	
Dec 22 2007 	Wonderful wonderful!	My husband and I just returned from a one-week stay at this wonderful hotel. I scoured the Internet looking for a London hotel that would be a good value, even though most of our stay was to be reimbursed by my office. We were not disappointed. Our room (#32) was delightful, and quite large by London standards. We had king bed and a bath with tub and shower. Molton Brown toiletries were refreshed every day.The best part of this hotel was the staff. We made it a habit at the end of each day to have a glass of wine in the bar, and so we met nearly all of the young ladies (and a few men) who handled reception. All were great fun, but we became especially fond of Christiane, who steered us to terrific restaurants and offered other sage advice.Despite the fact the hotel has had a few negative reviews recently, my husband and I recommend it without reservation (no pun intended!). We'll stay there again when we return to London.	
Dec 20 2007	Loved teh Montague Place	My husband and I stayed att the Montague place about a year ago and I just now got around to write about this little gem.First off, it was a rocky start. They got our room wrong and could not find our reservation at first. It was our anniversay trip so you can imagine this set us both off and we were very concerned, the staff did everything to be accomodating and although we had to stay in a smaller room at first, we were promptly upgraded to the largest size room at teh hotel.From here on out were were nothing BUT pleased with our stay and they could not have been more sorry with the mis communication. They greeted us by name for the remainder of the week and we just absolutly feel in love with this hotel and would stay here at any time. WE loved the modern boutique feel at a very affordable price. We HATE stuffy places that have floral curtains and bedspreads and will only stay in modern, clean bedroooms with modeern ammenities. We did not mind that it was very small and short staffed as we are not ones to get a ton of room service. It made us get out and see london, however, we loved staying in when we felt like it. It was a brisk walk to anything you needed and to areas like Oxford Circus, as well as a quick walk to the tube.We stayed in the swanky for most of the stay. We were initially placed in a fancy or comfy, I cant remeber whichone it was but it was very nice, just too small for us. FYI there is no elevators and at least 4 or 5 qucik flights and very narrow stairs so it is a bit hard to get your luggage up and down, however, they are more than happy to do it for you. I only mention this as it would not be an ideal place for someone with children or perhaps and elderly couple. We are young and quite frankly could use the extra exercise after all the food we ate in LONDON!Bottom Line, We would stay here anytime. It is totally cute, very convienient, quiet, modern affordable, and everything you woudl need in a great hotel.	
Nov 27 2007	What's Up With the Reservation System?	I chose the Montagu Place hotel after canceling a reservation at another London hotel that got scathing reviews on TripAdvisor. Since I was booking in advance, I emailed the Montagu Place directly. I received a confirmation, and even asked a few weeks later to make sure they had my reservation, which they did. Then, I went to cancel my reservation at the Montagu Place hotel because of reviews on TripAdvisor that said that the reservation system had not taken into account some reservations. You can imagine my surprise when I received an email that said that I did not even have a reservation at the hotel!!! I don't know if this is the system, or the staff causing this problem, but it needs to be fixed.	
Nov 13 2007 	Terrible Service	I booked this hotel 4 motnhs in advance paying full rate. During a 10 week trip around Europe this was a bit of a splurge,but I decided after reading the reviews it would be worth it. I booked on line, and rang about 2 weeks out to confirm the booking and advise our arrival time. I also rang on the day when our train was delayed. At no time when I CONTACTED THEM did hey mention that they did not actually have a room for us!! Mind you, they also had my mobile number to contact me and let me know.When we arrived, there were 2 girls chatting at reception, one obviously a staff member who had knocked off and was sitting on the guest side of the desk having a chat. When I finally got noticed, the girl told me that there had been 'a booking error' on their behalf and they did not have a room for us! She did not apologise at all, or explain very well that they had arranged us another room at another hotel. Her English was not very good and her communication skills terrible. I asked for the manager but he was not there. I was pretty angry, but tried to stay calm - she proceded to show me a map of a similar hotel near by, but it was her only copy and did not want to give it to me. Expected us to make our own way to this other hotel??!! We demanded a lfit and they finally arranged a limo - who was given the wrong address and took us to the wrong place! When we left the Montagu (good riddance) I asked the girl to have the manger contact me to discuss what had happened - of course, he never did. We actually stayed at the Sumner and would recommend the service there as 100 times better than the Montagu Place.	
Nov 8 2007	A++	LOVED this place. Charming, new, immaculate, beautifully designed, Four Seasons quality rooms, Molton Brown amenities, luxurious sheets/towels, etc, flat screen TVs, lovely and classy entrance, quaint and stylish and quiet. An amazing value and an incredible location to explore London.Just be aware the breakfast set up in the from parlor is not free of charge (it's 12 pounds pp) and there is no lift so if you are on the top floor it is a 3 pretty long flights of stairs. Totally worth it.	
Oct 23 2007 	Disappointing birthday stay	We stayed here as a treat for my mum's 60th Birthday. We really wanted to find somewhere special with that wow factor so we paid the full rack rate and went for the most expensive (&quot;Swanky&quot;) rooms.When we arrived I was expecting a warm and professional reception. In fact the girl on reception seemed a bit disorganised and almost surprised to see us. There were 4 of us but the receptionist had to be prompted twice to give us the two rooms we had booked. We were given our key cards and told where to find the rooms. Am I wrong to think that if I am paying over £200 for each room (excluding breakfast) that someone should show us to our rooms? Anyway, we had asked for the rooms to be made up as twins. They both were but in one of the rooms they had used a king sized throw on the beds which seemed bit odd. The rest of the bedding was singles so we didn't bother to complain.The rooms are really nice, but for the price we were paying I expected to have a bit more space. I appreciate that it's a listed building (I live in a listed building myself) but even so, there was about an inch between the beds which is not quite what I had expected. The bathrooms were lovely and big and we had lovely big windows. One of the rooms had really lovely, soft new bathrobes of a sort of chenille fabric. The other room had scratchy older feeling towelling robes, which was a bit of a disappointment.The rooms were supposed to have fresh fruit in on arrival. One room had a pack of Tesco fruit salad in the otherwise empty fridge, the other room had nothing (when we got back in the evening I asked for some to be brough up and it was - a pretty good selection too). Also for tea and coffee there were only those little plastic tubs of UHT milk which are always pretty dreadful. Seeing as there is a fridge in the room would it be too much to expect fresh milk? Other, cheaperhotels manage it and Montagu Place only has a handful of rooms... Also no biscuits or snacks on the tea tray was a bit poor.The beds were lovely and comfortable - a wonderful nights sleep (oncewe'd found out how to turn the heating down and left the aircon on for a bit).Next morning, checking with my mum in the other room I found out thatone of the taps had fallen off (!) and that the towell rail had come loose in my mum's hand. We left a note so hopefully these problems would have been fixed.Check out was easy if a little drawn out (printer problems). I was disappointed not to be asked how my stay was.Overall it was a nice hotel but really not worth the money (compared to, say, the City Inn Westminster where we had an excellent stay for £100 including breakfast).	
Oct 22 2007 	Great boutique hotel in London	Stayed at the Montagu Place Hotel from October 11-20 this year in a &quot;Fancy&quot; room. Not exactly the largest hotel room I've ever had, but then this is London after all, and it was really only used for sleeping anyway. First floor room with large windows and railed ledges. Most importantly, bed linens and room carpet were both spotless. So too the bathroom and towels. Tremendous shower with good temperature control and pressure. Nice flat screen TV with good selection of channels; DVDs available from the front desk but didn't use.Didn't make much use of staff but what interaction I did have was pleasant.Key to the MPH is its location. Short walks to each of Baker Street tube, Oxford Street shopping, Central Line tube stations and Marylebone High Street. Ten minute cab from Paddington Station. Great restaurants and pubs on all sides. A perfect location from which to set out for the day and to return at the end. Price was very good for the location offered and the overall quality of accomodation.Will definitely consider MPH on future stays in London.	
Oct 8 2007	Very nice but bring your alarm clock	A verypleasant place, excellent coffee and biscuits if you arrive before your room is clean. Invited some friends for lunch overlooking the garden and everything was excellent - especially good service here. However: not all rooms have double beds, as listed - we had two uncomfortable twins. We asked for a wakeup and didn't get it, which meant we missed breakfast and several hours of wandering through London on our only day in town. Bring your alarm clock!	
Oct 6 2007 	Very Happy	Stayed for a couple of nights in September and was very impressed by the service, cleanliness and style of this hotel. Had a swanky room which was beautifully decorated. The bathroom was fantastic with large bath and shower. Location good for Regent's Park which is beautiful and also close to Oxford St and heaps of great pubs and restaurants.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved it - what a sweet place and great location in London.	My husband and I stayed there the last week in June and loved it. I loved the neighborhood and the proximity to the Baker St tube, Marylebone High Street, Regents Park, everywhere! We could walk from this hotel, we took the bus, we took the train and taxis! Now THAT is easy access. It wasn't dead or bustling - it was just right. We had a top floor swanky room and the view of the classic London chimneys, the sounds of the neighborhood, the skylight in the wonderful bathroom - everything was so nice. Cool tv! The breakfast was wonderful and now at home I'm doing the closest copy to it - but I'll miss one front desk lady in particular. My husband and I are still talking about her. She and everyone else was just decent and kind to &quot;come home to&quot; no matter what time of day or night. These smaller boutique hotels need to be real and human and this one was also very sweet. There are plenty of shops along Baker St nearby for just about everything, such as a post office, Starbuck's (if you must), Tesco for snacks and things, etc., etc. Walk a few blocks to Marylebone High Street and be pleasantly surprised. Our departure breakfast on a Sunday was at 79 Marylebone High St, Coco Momo (formerly Dusk) and it was also lovely. The entire area is clean. Be sure to take a real London taxi while you visit. It's just comfy like nuts! I'd like to stay at the Montagu Place every visit in London.	
May 26 2007 	Great value boutique hotel	We booked one of the 'swanky' rooms at the Montagu Place through hotels-london.co.uk. for £120.00 for a Sunday night. The hotel is a typical London townhouse given over to a boutique hotel, situated on a fairly quiet side street a short walk from the hub of life at Baker Street/Marylebone High Street etc. so you're well placed for Madame Tussauds, Cath Kidston, V V Rouleaux, Galvin Bistro Deluxe, Sherlock Holmes...whatever your fancy!Baker Street tube station is a few minutes walk from the door.Check-in is 3.00pm, but we were a little early and after a quick drink in the hotel bar, Room no.12 was ready for us (still before the allocated time)Facing the street, with it's own balcony, our room was spotlessly clean with everything you could need for a stay in the capital and the soft furnishings and bedding/towels were great quality. The bathroom suite looked almost brand new and I liked the his and hers basins, underfloor heating, Molton Brown accessories and power shower.I didn't like the bathroom scales....The only thing I wasn't mad about was the bed - as it was quite hard - BUT maybe I'm not the best person to judge this. This certainly wouldn't discourage me from staying here again.It would be unfair not to make mention of the staff at the Montagu Place. We met three different members whilst there, and I can only say kind things - nothing was too much trouble for any of them, from the early check in, to the cappuccino and beer at Midnight, to payingthe £50.00 parking ticket that I picked up outside the hotel in a residents parking bay!Without a shadow of a doubt I would recommend the Montagu Place, particularly to those who prefer the boutique to Global chain type of hotel.I could be wrong, but I think you would be hard-pushed to find another hotel in this particular area of such a high standard for such a low price.	
May 24 2007 	Average Boutique Hotel	We stayed at the Montagu Place for 3 nights. The first night we were put in room 2 which was in the basement. The room was big and everything was really nice and clean, the only downside being that we were in the basement. The hotel is in a quite area but is about 5-10 minutes walking to more livlier areas such as Oxford Circle and Marylebone High Street. It is close to the Baker Street tube. The first night we were awoken at 5 am by people walking on the floor above us, apparantly we were right under the reception area so we heard people coming and going all morning. We asked to move to a different room, and they put us in #4, another basement room. I was not too happy about the basement situation but everything else was ok. Reception and location was nice enough, but next time I will splurge a bit more to stay somewhere else.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great stay at wonderful little hotel	My friend and I stayed at this great hotel for four nights. We had a swanky room with two very large twin beds. We wanted to save a bit of money as London is very expensive, so we shared a room. The room was big enough for both of us and the bathroom was huge with two sinks, a huge tub and great shower. Our room was extremely quiet, clean, and just perfect. The staff at this hotel are great, very friendly and helpful. The location is also excellent. We could walk to Oxford Street, Marylebone Hight Street, and there are plenty of tube stations to choose from depending on where you want to go. There are also lots of restaurants, little coffee shops, and take away places to eat that are good and not expensive. We had a fantastic time, and would stay there again without hesitation. I can only recommend this great hotel, and the next time I am in London I will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 21 2007 	A great London town house stay	Couldn't have been happier. Booked a Cosy room (the smallest and cheapest category) and it was great. Although it was in the basement, the large window looking out into a service courtyard was private and very, very quiet. Bath was large and the room offered adequate space, as you would expect when staying in town with a rich but tasteful friend. Very stylishly decorated and felt really first class.There's a nice ground floor living room just inside the door and a bar which doubles as the front desk. Service is friendly, helpful and unobtrusive and the Marylebone neighbor has lots of great nearby restaurants. Sat at the bar and chatted with the woman on duty, then headed out for dinner.In-room Internet was useful. Overall, a great stay in a very private little hotel.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great hotel v modern	Great little boutique hotel. V modern and nice interiors. Staff helpful. We stayed in a standard &quot;Comfy&quot; Room which was gorgeous. Perfect for a romantic getaway.	
Apr 16 2007 	Excellent Stay	Excellent!!..... We stayed here for 1 night on the 6th April and it was fantastic value for money... The staff were extemely friendly and accomodating. We had arrived early in the morning and I had prewarned the hotel that we were arriving early, though check in wasn't until 3pm they already had our room ready for us so we could leave our bags. The following day the hotel let us leave our bags for the full day so we could have a look around london as our train home was not till late evening. Excellent location 5 mins walk from baker street underground station which is a good link to other underground lines and Kings Cross /St Pancras stations. Only 5 minutes walk to oxford street / hyde park also. Excellent hotel all in all......	
Apr 11 2007 	Charming 	We stayed at the Montagu place for 3 nights and we would certainly go back there for our next escapade to London.The staff was friendly and helpful. The room (Comfy) was very well decorated and pleasant. The only downside was the fact that we were allocated a basement room but that was only a problem when people came in and out of the hotel (noisy floorboards !).It's ideally placed near Baker and Oxford St and all in all it was an excellent choice.	
Apr 2 2007 	VERY disappointing	We planned our trip to London months ago as a bit of quality time together before our fist child arrives in June. As you can imagine, at 7 months I am very obviously pregnant and had informed the hotel of this fact when I booked. They assured me that they would assign me a very quiet room (I had booked a 'swanky' one).HOWEVER when I arrived, huge belly and all, at about 1.40 in the afternoon, I was told at reception that check-in was strictly from 3pm onwards. I was told to wait an hour and a half in the TINY lobby - a very unappealing prospect. So I lumbered out into the London streets again, exhausted and sore. When we returned at 3 the room was STILL not ready. It turns out that the hotel staff were filming for a new website. The comfort of their guests was secondary to that fact.When we got up to the room (no. 12) I needed a little rest after all my exertions but our room had large, double adjoining doors to the room next door! This meant that we could hear every word of the conversation taking place in no. 11.At this stage I was very cross indeed. It was a dreadful begining to a holiday we had both been looking forward to. We could not be moved to a quieter room until the next day. And our compensation for this poor customer service? A one-off offer of a coffee or tea 'on the house'!! This is just not acceptable from a hotel which charges these sorts of rates. I have stayed in much better hotels locally for less. The excellent La Suite for example is a couple of streets away and is a far superior establishment (dvd and internet in room; free breakfast; stylish decor etc). I would suggest you do the same! A VERY disappointing experience and I would never recommend this hotel to family or friends.	
Mar 20 2007 	Cosy intimate chic...loved the Montagu Place!	What a find!!!Montagu Place is a total gem of a Town House Hotel. With just 16 bedrooms, it is small enough to be cosy and intimate as only a real “boutique Hotel” can be. We had a Fancy room on the first floor which was enormous- at least by London hotel standards (we had a much smaller room for exactly the same price in another hotel the 1st night) and it is even bigger as it seems on web pages. The room was spotless, bright and the bed were super comfortable. Everything had quality and what I really liked, there was a nice white fireplace and the lether chair. Chic! I had a small “problem” with a balcony door and the young Manager itself came after 3 min. to the room and found immediately a “solution”. Good, good service; the young ladies at the reception were brilliant too. They were really helpful and always with that nice smile…Everything was brand-new and immaculate. Both room and Hotel were really stylishly furnished with a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. The Hotel is located in Marylebone in the quiet Montagu Place, close to Baker Street. The nearest Tube Station ist &quot;Baker Street&quot; right by Madame Tussaud’s Museum and the famous restaurant Locanda Locatelli is just a couple of blocks away…I'd stay here again in a heartbeat and will tell my family and friends about it because I much preferred this small gem to the big anonymous chain-hotels there are in big cities like London is.Alessandro	
Mar 20 2007 	Our new favourite London hotel	We stayed for 2 nights, booked through hotels-london.co.uk at £140 a night for a swanky room. Absolutely gorgeous room (23 I think); huge sash windows, massive bathroom (I think it was the room featured on the website - if not it was certainly as lovely as that) with gigantic walk-in shower and great bath for 2 to share... Very comfortable bed (though a bit of a seam where they'd made it from 2 singles), room remarkably quiet given that it faced the street. Reception staff were friendly and helpful, the lounge was comfortable, breakfast very relaxed (plenty of choice of preserves, fresh fruit, pastries, cereal etc) and well worth the price. Only downside perhaps is that they don't have a restaurant, but really when you're in the centre of London that's hardly a concern.Conclusion; a total bargain compared to most of the London places we've stayed; top of our list from now on!	
Mar 2 2007 	Not your average London Hotel	I have stayed at Montagu Place on a few occassions now and rate it as one of, if not the best hotel out of the many I have stayed at over the past 7 years of frequenting London for business.The hotel rooms are spacious compared to most London hotels, in addition to being very well appointed. I have found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful and I will not hesitate to stay there again on my next trip.	
Feb 21 2007 	Fabulous Townhouse Hotel	Love the Montagu Place hotel. It's a dream townhouse hotel: stylish, tucked-away on a picturesque street, yet close to chic shops. Stylish -The hotel is done in muted colors of taupe, chocolate, and tan. Cute little details, like the bathroom hardware, chenille/fur throws, french press coffee maker. Slick flat-screen TV. Very nice tray of Molton Brown toiletries.Tucked Away -Feels very intimate, in a residential street with beautiful Georgian buildings.Close to Chic Shops -A lovely walk away from Marylebone High Street, where there are lots of delightful bakeries and cheese shops, linen shops, and a nice Scandinavian furniture shop.I stayed in a Comfy room. Originally I was in the basement right under the steps, but I found it a bit noisy so I moved to the next door room, which was enormous. I would stay here again anytime! This beats a generic corporate hotel any day.	
Feb 16 2007 	Cosy and friendly hotel in central location		
Feb 13 2007 	excellent allround hotel BRILLIANT		
Feb 13 2007	A gem.		
Jan 26 2007 	Peacful in a busy city!!		
Dec 5 2006 	Loved the Montagu Place Hotel		
Dec 4 2006 	Lovely boutique hotel		
Nov 2 2006	A perfect boutique hotel		
Sep 26 2006	absolutely love this hotel		
Jul 24 2006 	Great boutique hotel		
Jun 16 2006	Stylish Gem in Great Location		
Aug 31 2009 	Delizioso..		
Mar 4 2009 	charmant		
Feb 4 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 2 2008 	Muy recomendable		
