Nov 22 2009 	Wonderful hotel-best ive ever stayed at	my husband and i stayed here for our 3 year anniversary and from the moment we walked in to this beautiful hotel, we were treated like royalty. Concierge and reception were incredibly helpful and showed us to our room. When we came back from lunch, we had a bottle of complimentary champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us-heaven! The bed was the softest most comfortable bed Ive ever known. The spa and pool facilities were excellent-you are handed slippers and a robe beforehand. We were upgraded from a superior to a deluxe room with a view overlooking a park and Sloane Street-lovely. The bathroom is fabulous with L'Occitane toiletries and room service visit you twice a day to top up your toiletries and clean. Check in is at 2pm but we got there at 12:30 we were informed our room was ready and that we could go up (bonus!) the porters were very efficient and had our bags up there in less than 10 minutes.We had dinner at Rib Room where the food was amazing and the service laid back but very friendly, everyone from the Maitre d to the sommelier were smiling, happy and willing to have a laugh with you which was a nice change. Ivan our waiter was lovely and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, i am shocked with some of the reviews people have done on here, dont listen to them, this hotel is brilliant and the best service our of any london hotel we have stayed at!!	
Sep 26 2009 	2 stays within a month	The hotel is in an excellent location. In mid-September, my wife and I stayed for 4 days and the stay was fine with the exception of the concierge making a reservation for us at a restaurant and when we arrived there was no reservation and we waited 2 hours at the bar to be &quot;accommodated&quot; before leaving to go elsewhere. The laundry that I sent out was not back by the requested time and when I called to inquire about my clothes they were finally able to trace them to having been delivered to another guest's closet. Consequently, I was late for a meeting while the hotel had my laundry and was to be pressing my suits. And yes, I was still charged for the laundry.The second time, this week. We had reserved a non-smoking room and were given a smoking room. When I requested a change they denied that the non-smoking room had been reserved. They accommodated me in a room the size of a closet where there was a 2 foot perimeter around the bed. The change request took the desk clerk 3 times of &quot;going to check with the manager&quot; and the gave me perhaps worst room in the hotel.The fitness center is wonderful and the pool a delight. It is the reason that I have stayed twice in a month. Great equipment, although an AB machine would be a fantastic addition.The hotel openly prefers its Arab guests and goes out of their way to ensure they are taken care of. The entire staff is either Eastern European or Middle Eastern, it confirms Norman Tebbit's famous adage.	
Sep 10 2009 	Nice hotel...good location...expensive	I traveled to London for business and brought along family so we needed a pool. Jumeirah has a very nice pool also a nice hot tub and steam room. The hotel is nice and in a good location, you can walk to Harrods and lot of expensive shops on Sloan are right next to the Hotel. The doormen and bellmen could not have been nice. I can't say the same for the Receptionists. I did not use the gym but it is big and has everything you need. We had booked a room with a balcony and when we checked in they put us in a room at the back of the hotel with no balcony and a bad view. We had to call the front desk to change the room to one with a balcony. After a long overseas flight this was a big pain. The room with the (small) balcony had a great view and the bed was very comfortable.Overall I would say the hotel is very nice, but I was not overly impressed for what we paid for the room at over $500.00 a night.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good business hotel	Great location, good facilities (in particular the Peak Spa) and panoramic views from the rooms facing the garden. Good service. The rooms (unless you go for the very expensive suites) are on the small side (although well designed), in particular the bathrooms. Service is good but the atmosphere is somewhat impersonal and you could be anywhere ... in the Gulf (especially during the summer months). Breakfast is a decent but expensive buffet. Overall, this is a very good business hotel with many facilities in an unbeatable location. If not in London for business, I would rather go to the Halkin or the Draycott to stay roughly in the same area of London.	
Aug 4 2009 	Expensive with great location	Very good business hotel in London. Excellent fitness area and excersice possibilities, with a good sized pool. Breakfast is incredible - and the price as well.	
Jul 28 2009 	Dreadful service from reception and concierge	I stayed at the Jumeirah Carlton Tower with my wife and our two daughters for my wife's 50th birthday. I was hoping it would be rather special but was disappointed by several aspects of the service that I wouldn't expect in a Travelodge let alone a 5-star London Hotel.It took over two hours and 3 phone calls before our luggage was delivered by the concierge to our rooms.My business partner had ordered some flowers earlier in the week to be delivered to our room for my wife on our arrival. We arrived at 3pm on Saturday - the flowers eventually turned up, looking rather worse for wear, on Sunday afternoon after my business partner and I spoke to both reception and the concierge.When I booked, I paid for breakfasts for us all. When we checked out, the breakfasts had been charged on the bill.The flowers that my business partner had ordered (and paid for) and arrived 24 hours late had also been charged on my bill. We thoroughly enjoyed the Rib Room but I'm afraid our stay was spoiled by the reception and concierge. It will be the Hilton or Grosvenor House for me next time.	
Jul 22 2009 	Awesome Experience	Awesome Experience but a little expensive. I would definately go back there to stay esp it is the famous Dubai's Jumeirah brand. !!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Big Disappointment Go There!	Had stayed here previously when it was a Hyatt and loved its location.Most recently stayed at the Berkely and it was great! The Carleton Tower now has none of its old English character, but more importantly for almost $600.00 per night it ranks among the most unpleasant room experiences one could have. The room was so small two persons could not pass by the bed. It was positively claustrophobic. The rate was a Summer Days package that included children, the internet and breakfast.. We did not have any children, but there is no place for them except on the other side of the window.The actual size of the room we received is in dispute since the reservation clerk gave me a smaller area( but officially it is 215-225 sq feet) for the Superior room printed on the internet. There was no upgrade possible and we ended up paying even more in order to get a room with a view of roofs of others, but at least space to turn around. It is called a Deluxe room (226-269 square feet) . It is somewhat smaller in size than a standard room at a business style Marriott or Hyatt in the US. While trying to find another room I found that even no smoking rooms reeked of smoke though we did find one that did not smell of smoke. The sink, however is glass and clearly broken and glued and the drain clogged! I reported the clogged drain , but to no avail. A very attractive young woman receptionist worked very hard to try and find us a suitable room and was quite charming, but the manager, who I tried to contact on Mondaythrough his secretary, since he was not there on Sunday, did not return my call. I can only conclude they don't care.The original &quot;superior&quot; room they gave us is only suitable for a single person staying overnight. But like the previous reviewer said once you are here they &quot;gotcha&quot;.The food at the Restaurant Rib Room was excellent, so you can go there to eat . But at thiis price almost any other London Hotel would be more comfortable.	
Jun 20 2009 	the checkout gotcha	The Jumeirah Carlton Tower is a deluxe hotel, not too large, in an excellent location with first class service. The health club is first rate, the swimming pool is large and there is even a room to hit golf balls and take a lesson. Amenities like these come with a price and everybody knows that London hotels are not inexpensive; however, I wasn't prepared for what awaited me at checkout.When I looked at my bill I discovered that the hotel had charged over 5 G.B. pounds (that's $8.20) a minute for a local phone call. In 5 days we made 5 calls that lasted a total of 18 minutes. The charge for the 5 calls was 99 pounds or $162 U.S. dollars.Besides the local calls I made, they had also a charge for long distance calls even though the calls were not completed-- no one answered the phone. I was so stunned by the audacity of the charge that I meekly paid the bill, still I can't believe that this is anything more than a giant rip-off. I may be mistaken; perhaps all London hotels treat their guests the same way. I hope not. My advice to travelers to the U.K. is to buy their own phone as soon as they arrive--one outside call at the Carlton Tower will pay for the phone.	
May 7 2009 	Great Hotel - Lives up to its promises!	Stayed for a couple of nights taking in a show, a few sights and a bit of work. We got an upgrade deal through the hotel website, and got a no-cost upgrade to a small suite overlooking the Square gardens which was excellent.All Staff are very attentive indeed, friendly and welcoming, particularly the Breakfast staff, and the champagne bar is an experience not to be missed on at least one evening. All the facilities are super, and the food is great.	
Mar 26 2009 	Not impressed...	With the reputation that this hotel group has, I was looking forward to a luxury weekend in London. We were so disappointed with our room that we only returned to the hotel to sleep. The lounge/lobby/foyer was very nice and we enjoyed meeting friends and having a few drinks downstairs - and we also liked the location. we were going to a Gala dinner near Sloane Square so wanted to be staying in the area. The room was so small (even by London standards) and the window was dirty - ok we were high up, but the feel was not of a luxury hotel at all. It's worth paying an extra bit to get somewhere that is luxury... and you may even be lucky enough not to have to pay any extra - as the carlton Tower is not cheap.	
Feb 22 2009 	Fantastic Location - first class welcome!	This hotel is in a superb location, right in the centre of Knightsbridge opposite Prada and Jimmy Choo! A very short walk from the tube and a short cab ride from Victoria. Harrods and Harvey Nics are under a 5 minute walk. The welcome we received on arrival at the Carlton Tower Hotel, was first class. The guy on reception - Francesco, was a credit to the hotel, He gave us an exceptional welcome and a personal tour of the hotel and it's facilities and personally took us to our room. The view from the hotel is a fantastic view of London. There is a smart modern gym and a spa. My only critisicsm would be the lack of communication I'd received from the hotel prior to my arrival. I had sent many emails with little or no response. We ordred ice for our room, but this never appeared and we had to chase up our request for morning newspaper. However, everything at this Hotel is 5 star. The decor is luxurious, modern and spotlessly clean. The rooms are smallish, but exceptionally modern, clean and 5 star in their facilities. A wonderful stay in a fabulous 5 star hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	Top Quality Hotel in West End	Quality service comes as standard in the Jumeirah Carlton Tower in Knightsbridge, the hotel gave us a free upgrade to a suite which was spacious and very comfortable.The hotel is a short stroll from Knightsbridge tube on the Piccadilly line with direct access from Heathrow, and its right behind Harrods.The gym was excellent with great views of the city and was open from 6.30 am, handy if you have an early business meeting to attend.The breakfast was extremely good with a big selection of fruits and cereals and the cooked English was excellent.The staff seemed very well trained as their manners and politeness was evident the whole time.It's expensive to stay at but if it's within your budget, well worth it.	
Jan 2 2009	Fabulous luxury hotel	Stayed here for New Year having booked early with lastminute.com. We booked through the 'secret hotel' deal and it was well worth every penny. The hotel lobby is not large but definately 5 star, the service is fantastic. There is a very nice pool on the 2nd floor which is very welcoming too, it is much larger than the normal hotel pool but just as empty! The room was lovely, bed huge and every single thing you could think of was either provided or rushed to your room in minutes following a quick phone call. We had a room over looking the garden and a great night's sleep. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly. It is very expensive to eat/drink there but that's a 5 star for you, there is a pub up the road in Sloane St which is cheap or you are near to Knightsbridge, the West End/Covent Garden where everything is available. We would certainly recommend this hotel, the location is great, not far from buses, tube etc and there are always cabs outside the hotel. We would definately return!	
Jan 1 2009 	Great time had by all	My girlfriend and I, wanted to watch the London Eye fireworks, and didn't want the hassle of a long journey back. So we booked a room through Lastminute.com. It was a top secret hotel, and all we knew that it was 5 star for £145. Once we paid we were informed it was at Jumeirah Lowndes, on arrival here we were told that the booking system had mal functioned, and we were upgraded to the Jumeriah Carlton Tower. Superb hotel, great spacious room. On arrival back to our room, the staff had programmed music to come on, music found to cure insomnia, lots of nice little touches like this, made for a good stay. Also the bathroom goods were L'Ocquitane, so very good standard. Obviously we got a bargain, so very good value for money.	
Jan 1 2009 	Bumped from Lowndes Street !	We booked for New Year's Eve in the Lowndes, booked and paid for in October and when we checked in we were told the hotel was full and we had been moved to the sister hotel Carlton Towers. When we got to reception we asked for a non-smoking room and there wasn't one ready so we were asked to have a coffee for 20/ 30 minutes while the room was prepared.The room was ok - very much as decribed by other guests.The swimming pool was good and all the staff were pleasant.Enormous bed- but think the mattress had taken some serious weight as it was sunken on one side and uncomfortable - didnt get the best night's sleepGreat views over LondonWould recommend if the price is right	
Nov 11 2008 	New favourite in London	booked this hotel through Lastminute.com. We had a discounted rate -so i was surprised to receive a very early check in without any fuss. The hotel is in a great location - close to Harrods, the Knightsbridge tube station and an easy walk to Sloane Square. Room was spotless - well appointed and L'Occitane toiletries. Proper turn down each night with bottled water next to bed - an added luxury. Staff very pleasant from Concierge to check in to housekeeping. All in all a wonderful stay.	
Oct 21 2008	Great stay	We very much enjoyed our stay. Our deluxe room although a little small, was modern and clean, with a very comfortable bed. It had a lovely view of Cadogan Square. The staff is professional. Location is terrific. They have a nice gym. We definitely would stay here again.There are a couple of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel that we really liked and would highly recommend: Zafferano and Boxwood Café.	
Aug 20 2008 	Sorry but I can't echo the glowing experiences	Don’t be fooled by the Jumeirah name. This is an average creaky old London hotel that was bought by the swank Dubai group late in the game. I was lucky enough to secure a one half of a junior suite at the rock bottom price of 500 pounds nett. The room was tiny and every bit of spare space was occupied by the hotel’s pamphlets, booklets and brochures. There was nowhere to put my clothes. The drawer in the closet could not be opened because it was obstructed by the closet door. There was no counter in the bathroom even to place a razor and toothbrush and of course no towel rail to hang your towel should you choose not to have it replaced daily. The pillows had a musty smell, the carpet had unriddable stains, the bed was hard. No trashliners in the gleaming steel trash containers so you felt reluctant to throw anything other than paper in them. The windows were thin and the rich kids are all out drag racing on Sloane St in their Ferraris and Bentleys with nair a policeman to bother them till the wee hours. Upon requesting a pair of earplugs at 2am the concierge sounded genuinely concerned but was unable to help. The one bright spot to the hotel is the staff. The doormen are the best I have ever seen, helpful, courteous and discreet but you don’t feel like they are just playing for handouts. The reception, housekeeping, wait and gym staff all have just the right touch of attentiveness. If only the owners would be fair to them and provide a decent hardware infrastructure for them to display their talents.	
Jul 3 2008 	Luxury Hotel in a Great Location	A lovely hotel in a great location in Knightsbridge. We have stayed in a few of the Jumeriah hotels now and they have all been pure indulgence! Alhtough they should be as they're not cheap! The two hotels in Dubai we stayed in I gave an excellent rating and this hotel just misses out on that grade due to the service. Although I do feel picky saying that as the service was very, very good but when comparing it to the Al Qsar and the Burj it fell short slightly. The two small problems were we had to wait a while for our breakfast to be cooked in the morning and had to ask the waiter to hurry them along .Secondly our sirius points which we were told would be sorted out for us by concierge I am still waiting to hear about and we are now in July! Other than that the hotel was really nice. The spa is on a high floor of the hotel providing great views, the staff are very friendly and mostly attentive and the rooms luxurios and comfortable. I woudl definately return to the Carlton Tower.	
May 5 2008 	Fabulous Location for a Shoppers Paradise	Just come back from a stay at the JCT, and were blown away by the experience. We are used to staying at the Jumeirah hotels in Dubai, and thought we would give a Jumeriah London hotel a go. We normally stay in the Soho Hotel but are not that keen on is location. It said on the reviews that this had an excellent location for shopping, it certainly did!. If you are going on a shopping trip to London to visit the designer stores, then you cannot get a better location, its right on Slone Street, 5 mins walk to Harrods and Harvey Nicks. 10 minutes walk in the other direction and you are on Sloane Square and the Kings Road. Now to the hotel. We stayed in a Garden Suite for 2 nights, although the suite was quite small it did have separate lounge and bedroom, the bathroom was nice but the shower was over the bath and it was very small. The room had a balcony overlooking Cadogan gardens which was great to sit out and watch the world go by. Breakfast is first class, full English was excellent as was the buffet selection. One of the best breakfasts I have had in a hotel. We also ate in the Rib Room one evening, again the food was excellent and the bar had a good selection of cocktails. Gilt is the champagne bar which is nice and intimate however, we were the only people in it so it lacked atmosphere. The spa is great, we each had a massage and both agreed that its one of the best massages we had ever had. You must go to the Peak Club on the ninth floor and have some lazy afternoon food looking over the view of Chelsea. All in all a lovely hotel, the only thing lacking is a fancy bar that the likes of Sanderson, St Martins Lane etc have got well established. We are already planning our next weekend away and may go for one of the newly renovated luxury suites.	
Apr 7 2008 	Fabulous Hotel - Loved Everything	We have stayed in a few top hotels in London but this so far has to be the best in terms of quality, cleanliness and oh my - the best breakfast ever had (even better than the Burj Al Arab &amp; the Ritz!!). It is not as nostalgic as somewhere like the Ritz or Dorchester but more definately worth the money as you are not just paying for the name.Our suite was a Garden suite overlooking Cadogan Place - beautifully and tastefully decorated. The beds (something that alot of reviews dont mention!) are the most comfortable in any hotels I have stayed- something which I have always found with Jumeirah hotels. The breakfast is truly memorable - everything just tasted so wonderful. Recommend the Aberdeen Angus steak and eggs benedict - as for the pancakes, these were out of this world.Location is second to none - just around the corner from the Lowndes Hotel (another Jumeirah property - which I would also highly recommend for its intimate style).All the staff were very attentive, the swimming pool was clean and well kept.Nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff and I would certainly stay here again next time in London.	
Mar 18 2008	Relax in London - an option	As an alternate to traveling by plane on an anniversary, my husband and I stayed at this hotel on a few occasions. We live less than two miles from the hotel, but use this as a get away from our daily routine, and to celebrate a special occasion. Benefits we have found during our two stays: - sharp doormen ready to help with bags and call a taxi;- fabulous health club and day spa;- Peak café on the 9th floor, offering a very nice buffet mid-day with fabulous views over Cadogan Square (you can access the café even if you are not using the health club, or the hotel….);- Great 20m pool, whirlpool, steam, sauna and associated amenities - not very busy;- comfortable bed / linens &amp; room in good condition;- Great restaurants near by, some which require booking ahead. Recommend: Zafferano restaurant, or just pick up something from their take out deli;- Great location – near Harrods/Harvey Nic’s &amp; short taxi to MayfairCons:- Small room (this was the standard size) - Lobby restaurant often busy, crowded. - As breakfast was not included in our rate, we skipped that and visited a nearby café for a quick bite for brunch.Overall, we enjoyed our stay. Note that the above was based on a standard room (the most basic), and sometimes, it’s nice to have the option of a pool/whirlpool after a long day seeing the town or before heading out to a business meeting. Go ahead and treat yourself to staying in this fine area of London.	
Dec 20 2007 	Upscale Hotel in excellent shopping location	I stayed in this hotel early December and had booked a deluxe double room. whch I shared with my daughter.As room categories can vary in size , I prerequested the largest deluxe room available. We had moved over from its sister hotel, The Lowndes..which was very delightful.. but wanted to experience both Jumeirah properties in London. On check in we attended to by Gregory who was extremely obliging and polite.Our room on the 6th floor was a nice sized deluxe with a lovely luxurious spacious bathroom and huge entrance area. Bed once again was extremely comfortable.,and there was a nice L shaped couch in the room as well. Coffee making facilities as well as an inroom safe were available.The hotel has a lovely indoor pool on the 2nd floor as well as sauna, steamroom, jucuzzi .. I didnt have the chance to use the fitness centre but was shown around by a very pleasant man. As I booked a shopper`s package, I was entitled to a free spa gift as well as a 50 pound Harvey Nicols Gift voucher.. but this was only given to me once I had reminded guest relations of it.Breakfast in the Rib Room was really good with a huge variety to choose from but it can get busy especially on weekends. I particularly enjoyed a light dinner at the lobby lounge The Chinnoserie..which has a very nice ambience but seems very popular, so go early or try to reserve a place in advance. Internet usage on business floor is free so I opted to use this instead of inroom which would cost 20 pounds/24 hrs. Just one word of advice, try to ask for a room on a higher floor as reception rooms on lower floors usually host parties and during the festive season these can become quite loud and you may have to contend with blaring, thumping music late into the night.The location was excellent , so close to Harrods and Harvey Nichols and off Sloane Street.This hotel is in a very upmarket suburb and as expected pricey..It was great coming back every evening to a luxurious hotel room. Although this hotel was not the best Jumeirah property I have experienced.,( I still find the ones in Dubai far more luxurious and value for money) it is one of the best hotels in London to stay in anyway.I certainly will be back to both Jumeirah London hotels in the future.	
Dec 12 2007 	Nice hotel unless you want to sleep	I found the Jumeirah just couldn't live up to what one expects from a five-star hotel. The first few bumps didn't jar us too much; we were initially assigned someone else's room and a fuse blew when we plugged in the iron. But on Friday and Saturday night at 11 pm, our 4th floor room was flooded with loud techno music, emanating from events taking place on the main floor. Multiple calls to the front desk produced no results. A visit to the front desk procured a sincere apology, a 50% room fee reduction (for the night in question only), and a promise for a free upgrade on a subsequent stay, which never materialized. We were also offered a different room on a higher floor which would be more insulated from the music, but the prospect of switching rooms at midnight, especially as it would entail waking up my 1 year old daughter, was unappealing. In the end, both nights I had no choice but to lie in bed listening to the tasteless music from someone else's party until 1 am when the events finally concluded. At $500 a night, a &quot;deluxe&quot; room in the Jumeirah does not include the luxury of a full night's sleep.	
Dec 7 2007 	Fabulous Prize Stay at the Jumeirah Carlton Tower	We were fortunate enough to win a fantastic prize stay at this wonderful 5* hotel through The Sunday Times. We stayed in November for two nights in a luxury suite &amp; we had some fantastic extras included as well. This hotel is fabulous. It is in a wonderful location with Harvey Nichols &amp; Harrods on your doorstep. The staff are extremely professional and courteous and even though we won this trip we were not treated any different because of it. I should tell you that we have stayed here once before a couple of years ago (which we did NOT win!) and we were so impressed with the hotel then, so we are not being completely biased even though we won it this time! We stayed in a Luxury suite which was huge and luxurious with a beautiful bathroom and very comfy bed. This room type is very expensive and normally we would not stay in this style room, but if you can afford it and need the space - fantastic. When we stayed a couple of years ago we stayed in a standard deluxe room which was just as beautiful just smaller! We had breakfast each morning in our suite which was delicious, we ate in the Rib room one night which again was lovely (after having a bottle of champagne in their Champagne bar, the Gilt Bar - small but beautiful) and had afternoon tea in the Chinoisserie which was so popular, they were having to turn people away! Our prize included tickets to Dirty Dancing which was fantastic and all arranged by the hotel. We had spa treatments one day and lunch in the club room twice with fantastic smoothies! The guests at the hotel all look very wealthy &amp; are fabulously dressed - the number of Christian Louboutin shoes I saw walking past was amazing. If you prefer a hotel where everyones in anoraks and jeans, then this place probably isn't for you. But if you like to see the glamorous jetset (even if you not quite in that league yourself!), it's the place to stay!We had the most fantastic time and i realise if you are lucky enough to win anything you are probably going to rave about it. But this hotel really is something special. We would not hesitate to go back for any special occasion. It is expensive but worth every penny.Enjoy!	
Nov 12 2007 	Superb!	We arrived and got an early check-in. Warm towels and apple juices was offered at check in. Room ( standard) was small and facing out to one of the side street. There was a nice flat screen tv, small bathroom with very nice amenities. The bathroom, although small, was very comfortable with a large shower and bathsheets that were of the best quality. The bed was comfortable, high quality linens but a little too hard mattress for our liking. There was turndown serices with water and fresh bathsheets. The service at the concierge desk was great so was the service in the restaurant. We had English breakfast included in the price, I can recommend it as it was expensive.We used the spa as well. Great treatments but not very luxurious surroundings. The spa shares facility with the gym. None the less, we had some of the best massages we have ever had. We will return to the Jumeirah next time we're in town.	
Nov 8 2007 	What a nightmare	This place fulfills all the clichés of a London rip off hotel.Aprt from tiny rooms, a mediocre breakfast and its ugly lobby, the service is the worst I have ever experienced in a five star hotel. I will spare you the many stories of what they did to make my stay the perfect nightmare but on top of all that, the executives do not even seem to realise their mismanagement.Never again!!!	
Nov 2 2007 	great stay	stayed for four nights whilst seeing a couple of shows. This was our second stay at the Carlton Tower and was most enjoyable. The location is great for harrods and harvey nichols and the area has a wide range of restaurants, and supermarkets (waitrose is a two minute walk away) on arrival the car was valet parked (which is always a rip off in london at £45 for 24 hours!) Rooms were not ready so we left our luggage and were told to return around 2 (this is usually the case at the Carlton Tower so don't expect early check in). Our double room was spacious enough however, not enough room to fit a rollaway for our 10 year old and the twin allocated for our two teenagers was extremely small. Shower over bath whilst a fantastic shower could be difficult getting out if any mobility difficulties. Air con wasn;t working on first night and we boiled however, was corrected straightaway on second day. Breakfast was great. Large selection on cold buffet and also from the hot menu glad ours was included for the £30 price tag! Make sure that if you use your lap top in your room you are aware of the £20 per day charge we missed this and faced a fairly hefty addition to our bill. Internet access if free in their business centre. The leisure facilities are excellent lovely big pool enjoyed by my teenagers and 10 year old. I visited the gym on a couple of occasions which is also open to members. it is large and airy with all latest equipment nicely air conditioned with a great view through an enormous window from the 9th floor. All in all a great stay (check your bill on check out as additions can creep in however, I would give this advice when leaving any hotel as mistakes are made). We would stay here again if we wanted to be in this area, I booked through Superbreak this time as they offered reasonable rates. However, I would request larger rooms next time.	
Oct 30 2007 	Terrible	If you want to stay in a hotel where the decor is somwhere between Student Digs and a Little Chef for £250 per night then this place is for you. I can't stress enough how poor this hotel is compared to the others at the same rate in London. The staff are snooty, i had to change rooms twice and even the refurbed third room was average at best. The facilities are a horrible swimming pool with plastic palm trees liek something out of a council run leisure centre and the gym which is so poor it beggars belief. Can't believe people liked this place, must have very low expectations of a place to stay. Seriously avoid, it really is a joke.	
Oct 26 2007 	a reliable London hotel	As I live near London, I sometimes need a place to stay and this hotel has become my 'regular'. The service has improved with each stay and as far as London hotels go, this one seems the most reliable.With last minute bookings, an upgrade to a suite can usually be obtained at a good price.Most London hotels have smallish, standard rooms but compared to what else is on offer, I think this one has it all in terms of location, comfort, standards, pool \ spa and cleanliness.There are the older, grander hotels, but unless you want an original art deco bathroom (which I don't), the Carlton Tower is a reliable and easy option	
Oct 1 2007 	The most comfortable bed in the world	Working in travel, I have been fortunate to stay at some of the most luxurious hotels in the world and most include all the 'extras' you'd expect to woo the wealthy leisure or business traveller (a junior suite at the Carlton Tower has the obligatory flat widescreen TV, Bose stereo, fax machine etc).However, for me, the Jumeirah Carlton Tower addresses a more basic need on Maslow's hierachy - that of sleep. While drawing the heavy curtains shuts out access to the balcony overlooking the beautiful gardens just off Slone Street, it provides the perfect environment to slip beneath the most comfortable combination of bed and duvet I have ever experienced. An ideal haven to retire after sharing an evening with the great and the good that frequent the hotel's [not so] public areas.	
Oct 1 2007 	Location Location 	Recently spent two nights in the Jumeirah Hotel in London, my first stay in a Jumeirah Hotel. The location of this particaul Hotel is fantastic for all aspects of London, situated a block from the Picadilly line, and a short stroll from the shops of Knightsbridge. I arrived after a long day (the first day of the Tube strike) to the Hotel and was greeted at the door and assisted by a very professional front desk staff and escorted by the porter to the room. The room was very spacious with excellent wardrobe space, and a hidden flat screen at the foot of the bed. The bathroom was in excellent condition with a large stone tub and oversize L'Occitane products. I dined in the restaurant in the morning and the buffett breakfast had ample option for my quick breakfast on the go. Check out the Spa and Pool areas, a golf simulator which I was offered a demo, but no time to use. The Hotel bar and restaurant both seemed to have excellent atmoshpere in the evening, although I only saw them as passing to head to the room for rest after a long day of appointments in London. The Hotel in summary has great location and terrific service, a great jewel for the Jumeirah group in London.	
Sep 23 2007 	London's loveliest	This is my third stay at the Carlton Tower and it gets betters every time. I want efficient and friendly service, a great bed and somehwere to relax after a busy day. I have never known hotel staff to smile so much and nothing is too much trouble. There is non of that serciliousness, they genuinely want to please. The rooms after their upgrades are perfect - the best beds in London, every need catered for and everything works! Not too OTT like some rooms, but very relaxing, spacious and comfortable.I now stay in London more than i should because i have finally found a hotel that makes me feel like i am at home.ps the new champagne bar is great too!	
Jul 3 2007 	Almost 1st class	We stayed at the Carlton Jumeira having tried the Jumeira hotels in Dubai before with great success. The hotel has valet parking at £45 per night our car was delivered in no time at all upon demand. Check in was fast, the porter showed us the room with enthusiasm explaining where everything was. We were surprised there was no safe &amp; very few drawers. The lighting was excellent as was the decor. The bathroom lighting being just right, but no bidet. We didn't have dinner in the hotel but went to Bibendum for a perfect meal which I would rate better than Petrus in the Berkley. We were amazed at the price of breakfast £30 per head in the restaurant, then we found by luck they served continental breakfast in the lobby which was ample. The hotel location is great for Knightsbridge The only member of staff who needed to learn how to smile was the head concierge. Having said all that we would certainly return to this hotel again as it is far Superior to other London Hotel	
Apr 13 2007 	Another fantastic stay here	Just returned today from a second stay at this hotel - again fantastic - first class - true 5 star hotel - not cheap but definitely 5 star - all the staff are so friendly and professional - the spa is lovely - we werent upgraded this time but the deluxe room was still fine overlooking the parkFood is dear but of good quality and the lounge/cafe bar restaurant in the lobby is a wonderful meeting placeZafferanos was recommended to us which is virtually next door and was fantastic - much better than the many &quot;celebrity touristy&quot; type&quot; restaurants - fully recommend this place - we tried Scalinis the week before but Zafferanos was much better! Again not cheap but definitely worth it for a special occasionThe turn down service is excellent - nice to see a bottle of water and cookie are left by your bed with soothing music left on the cd player - towels all replaced as wellBeautiful spa and again excellent professional friendly staffAll the hotel has been beautifully refurbished - no signs of wear anywhere - all very very luxurious - I fully recommend this hotel and I am very fussy about hotelsCant wait to stay again!	
Mar 28 2007	Great hotel for shopaholic tourists	My stay at the Jumeirah Carlton Tower was work-related so I didn't spend much time walking around the area except to go to and from the tube. The neighborhood is terrible for those of traveling for business in the financial field but GREAT for those who have high-end shopping tastes. Harrods &amp; Harvey Nichols are both within walking distance. Tons of other high-end luxury shops are also right outside your doorstep.The rooms are quite small but that is to be expected in any London hotel. I'm from New York City so I'm used to small hotel rooms. Room service was surprisingly yummy and the afternoon tea in the lobby area is a must for all visitors.There was a homeless man who set up a home right across the street from the entrance to hotel, which is along a cute little park. That was a bit discerning considering the number of stars this hotel has.	
Mar 28 2007 	Bless 'em	I adored this hotel. I had a awful trip into London, but was taken care of once I arrived at the hotel. Check in was quick, the lady showed me to my room, giving a tour of the hotel on the way, and ensuring I was show the features of the room and how to use the services. Room service was prompt, and fantastic value, although I couldn't eat it all! Taxis were always available when leaving the hotel, and the conciergewas helpful in terms of providing advice and directions.The service was personal, and thoughtful. The availablility of staff fluent in a huge variety of languages (including Lithuanian!!) was fantastic. 3 minor downfalls were slack service in the coffee lounge area (as in I had to leave a huge tip because no-one came to collect the money and I had a plane to catch), the minibar was not refilled on one occassion, and the goods posted back to me were not sent via express post as requested. Each of these I could have rectified, but didn't because the overall experience was fantastic, from making the reservation, to the follow-up once back home.	
Feb 20 2007 	Very Average for a Five Star Hotel	I just spent the weekend at this hotel with my husband. Firstly, I must point out there was scaffolding up and there were building works going on even on the Sunday. Unless you do not mind waking up to building site noises I would recommend you contact the hotel before booking here to find out if the works have completed. Other than that, we stayed in a deluxe room on the eighth floor. The room was spacious, unfortunately the décor of the room was a bit bland and needed updating. Parts of the wallpaper were peeling and the furniture looked tired, dusty and worn out. The room was decorated in shades of brown and cream, the room looked like a dreary old-fashioned version of the photos on their website. There is a plasma TV on a stand and a Bose CD player which is played at turndown. Parts of the room did not make sense, for example there were paintings on the wall behind the TV, it seemed as if no thought was put in when decorating the place, it all appeared very boringly standard. At turndown, the hotel did provide complimentary bottled water and cookies which was a nice touch. There is a strange heating system in that every time the level of heating is adjusted the radiator makes strange noises for about 5 minutes, we were informed by their engineer that this is the case in every room. The view from the bedroom was disappointingly of the back of other buildings, the hotel is however well located for Harrods, Harvey Nicks and Sloane Street shopping. Check in did take a little longer than expected, however the staff were polite and courteous. Overall, it is a very standard place to stay, there was nothing striking or impressive about it and I doubt I shall be returning.	
Jan 17 2007 	Very pampery indeed	We had a one-night stay here. With very few exceptions, everything about the stay was excellent. We arrived early (11.15am), check-in was quick and polite (hot towels to freshen up at reception), and because our room wasn't ready (we weren't actually expecting it to be...), we were offered complimentary tea and biscuits in the Chinoiserie lounge. We left our bags with reception and they were taken to our room while we were out.Our room was beautiful, comfortable, well equipped, fresh fruit and mineral water, good toiletries etc. The TV wasn't working, but an engineer came up immediately and sorted out the problem. The spa and pool were excellent and being used very little so we had the pool and jacuzzi to ourselves most of the time we were there. We also had very good massages on the 9th floor, and a very nice healthy lunch at the Spa restaurant/bar. Breakfast was outstanding - a very good traditional English and a well equipped buffet table. Everywhere was clean, everyone was extremely polite and helpful, we had no problems with the lifts (which were quick too) I guess anyone's perceptions of a 5 star hotel will be determined by what they're used to. We're certainly not used to staying in such hotels at all, and for us this place was a real treat. Perhaps if you always stay in 5 star hotels, you're able to compare them more critically with others. For us though, this was the most comfortable experience we've ever had in a hotel.	
Jan 9 2007 	Nothing to write home about	Stayed at the hotel only for one night while in London on business. Whereas the location cannot be doubted, being a stone's throw away from Knightsbridge (Harrods, Harvey Nics) and Sloane Sq., the overall experience was pretty average.I have not stayed at this hotel before the acquisition by Jumeirah so am not in a position to comment on the changes. However, I found the overall level of service to be pretty ordinary be it at the reception, conceirge or room service. Some of the common areas (especially the corridors on the room floors) also look and feel pretty dated. The room, while pretty functional and having a nice view over Cadogan place, was incredibly small and almost difficult to move around despite the very average double bed. Though one has to bear in mind that this is a typical problem of many central london hotels. The smallness of size extended to the bathroom but the water pressure in the shower was good which was a relief.Overall, I found it to be a pleasant enough experience and decent value for money (by London standards!) but there was nothing to make me the stay in any way special.	
Nov 11 2006 	Were is the sparkle??	I was staying at the hotel due to an awards dinner being held at the hotel and have to say I was a little disappointed.This property is suppose to be a 5 red star hotel, the pinical of achievement and supposed to be the best that Britain has to offer, not so.Check in was slow, there are three very small lifts and I had to wait 10 minutes to use one.My bathroom had water damage on the ceiling, no lock on the patio window, not that it was much of a problem as I was 6 floors up but god forbid I had my son with me who could have opened the window and fallen to his death.There is a raging argument in the UK with regards how much to charge for internet connection, at 5 star level it should be complimentary, at the prices they charge, they should be embarrassed to charge you another 20 GBP a day for connection and then have the nerve to add a 5% discretionary gratuity on!!Jumeriah need to take a look at themselves, it is alright to claim to be the best hotel group in the world if you can live upto that tag, my opinion is they cant.I agree 100% with other reviews which indicate that the staff dont pay attention to the guests and I cite concierge for their slackness which resulted in my suitcase being put into someone elses taxi, thank the lord I noticed this happen or it would have been gone.	
Oct 19 2006 	Lovely stay great location	I was a little worried about this hotel as some of the reviews are not that complimentary and some of the 'candid' photos did not look too appealing. But I had no reason to be concerned.We stayed at the hotel for just one night. We were greeted with warm smiles, polite service and a quick/efficient check-in.The room was functional. It had everything you could want: LCD TV, Bose Wavemachine, fully stocked minibar...The bed was lovely and soft and the linen smelt fresh, by that I mean bed linen always appears fresh... this bed linen really smelt fresh.The bathroom was a work of art with the one piece full length glass shelf and sink. The bath also had a 'monsoon' effect showerhead and (nearly) everything worked and was clean.There was a turndown service and the maid not only turns the bed down but also leaves some lovely mini muffins in bags by the side of the bed together with two bottles of water and glasses ready for the night. In addition the curtains are drawn and the Bose is switched on with a cd playing peaceful, soothing music at a low volume. Trust me it is very pleasant to enter the room after a night out.We had a 10th floor room with a view out on to the main road. But the view was lovely and there is even a balcony to step out onto so you can watch Harrods light up in the early evening.Harrods and Harvey Nicks are five minutes away! As is the nearest tube.The fittings are all good quality, all electrical outlets/switches being chrome plated. You also get a complimentary guide to the area and even the pens feel as though they are good quality items.On the Sunday we had a paper delivered and it arrives in a bag with 'Good Morning' on the front and is hung from the door handle, not thrown on the floor!Every member of staff I met smiled, was friendly and helpful.The gym is great too. I very rarely use hotel gyms but the Carlton Tower has sensational views towards Battersea from the 9th floor. You can even join in with some aerobics etc.All in all, I loved my stay there and would have posted some better pictures, only I carelessly lost my camera somewhere in Knightsbridge.On the negative side. The handle on the outside of the balcony patio door had been broken off, so don't get hut out! The bath had a minor problem with the mechanism that empties the bath, but that would be easily repaired. And I caution you to be careful before ordering food, it is quite expensive, but the atmosphere is great.	
Apr 24 2006	Thanks to Sirius	Thanks to the Jumeirah loyalty scheme (Sirius) we managed a free night at the Carlton Tower! The location is very good, a stones throw from Harvey Nicks and Harrods. On allocation we were given the option of a non smoking twin or smoking double. We opted for the latter and found no issues with smell etc.Even though the room was 'standard' it was of a generous size, very clean and good quality, with lots of nice extras - Bose Cd player, 37 lcd tv, fruit platter, bottled water, welcome note etc. The bathroom was on the small side, but perfectly formed!All the staff I dealt with from the check in, doorman, garage attendant were helpful and polite.On the Sunday we visited the gym and pool, both of which were very good - but not outstanding.Note that parking at the hotel is £4.50 an hour or £45 overnight, the NCP close by is similar. Luckliy the local residents parking finished between 6:30 pm Sat. and 13:30 Sun. and there was no lack of space so we benefitted from that! (My BMW looked out of place amongst the Aston's and Bentley's in the garage anyway).One down side was the lift situation. Out of 3 lifts, 1 was out of order, and 1 being refurbished. So this led to small delays in getting the lift. By the reaction of some people you'd have thought they'd been asked to work for a living.Also the bar area always seemed busy with people having afternoon tea, we didn't find anywhere else for a early evening G&amp;T.In all a great night away, in yet another great Jumeirah property - thank you Jumeirah.	
Mar 19 2006	Excellent Weekend	We booked a 1 night stay at the carlton tower and was definitely impressed. The receptionist was very pleasant and upgraded us to a deluxe balcony room. The view over Cadogan square was fab.The room however was not a newly refirbished one, but still of a high standard. On returning to the hotel after a evening meal out, the bed downturn service was a lovely touch with the usual water, chocolates and a soothing CD playing.Overall I would recommend this hotel for a luxury weekend. The pool and spa was a very nice addition.	
Mar 9 2006	My favourite London hotel	Have now stayed at the Carlton Tower about 20 times over the past 2 years. Service always fantastic and discrete staff respond to any needs of their customers. They welcome you back, give you decent rooms and only once have I had a problem with my bill at check out - quite unusual.The Rib Room is great for both dinner and for breakfast, but perhaps is a little stuffy for every evening so we usually go out as well.The bar is a bit small, but has a nice cosy feel about it providing you can get a table and/or seat. The pianist and singer and the friendly bar staff just seem to be there at the right time, without pressing you for drinks or ignoring you.The car is always cared for properly and cleaned immaculately for our departure and we never seem to have any minor irritating problems at this hotel (although recently the lifts have been refurbished and there is a longer wait than normal whilst the repairs are being carried out.I know its now a Jumeraih hotel, but the staff don't seem to have changed greatly, in fact many of the staff seem to have been there for a long time.It's a good hotel, really quiet, and in a great location.	
Jan 13 2006 	Losing it's appeal	Since Juneriah have taken over I've seen this hotel start to lose it's sparkle. Gone are the attentive lobby staff, only attend to you know if you're someone special. Gone are the Bvlgari bathroom products which was the biggest pull for me of this hotel, now replaced with tiny White products. Gone are hte bowls of fruits and roasted nuts. Air con seems to be hit and miss now, they used to have such a good system. The place is full of middle eastern clientele, it was quite heavily that way skewed before but the lobby area is now no longer a wonderfully relaxing destination at the beginning or end of the evening, it's too smoky and full of young men constantly playing with their mobile phones. The beds, size of rooms and Gym are still great but the proce you pay is harder to swallow for me now Jumeriah have attached their tag	
Jan 9 2006	A real treat		
Dec 20 2005 	Best place to stay and great location		
Dec 16 2005	Simply Amazing		
Aug 4 2005	Good choice for our family		
May 15 2005	5 Stars that come at a price.....		
Jan 6 2005	Above average - is a good description		
Oct 21 2004	Nice location nice gym		
Jul 1 2004	Robbed.		
Sep 27 2003	I liked the sheets and shower		
Aug 12 2003	Stop the Decorator		
Aug 2 2007	Exellentmais trop cher		
