Sep 14 2009 	Don`t expect too much	I booked the rooms in the hotel`s website. It left an impression of a large hotel, as it had the booking system in their www, and after booking i received a message to my email...When we arrived there, it turned out that their &quot;booking system&quot; is a notebook:)We had two rooms - Double and Quadraple. Double room was the size of a closet, bathroom was so small that only slim people can use it. Quadraple room was large enough for three people, also the toilet was a little bit larger. Furniture was old, but it is ok if you don`t expect fancy design.Breakfast wasn`t self-service. Instead there are two ladies that bring you tea/coffee, toast, boiled eggs, etc...It is time consuming if there are many people in breakfast room. Food choice wasn`t too large.Location of the hotel is very good, unless you want to live in the very centre of London. A few minute walk to metro station. There are possibilities to eat outside, also cinema, and a nice pizzeria right next to the hotel (when we stayed there, it had a good deal for take-away pizzas).We tried to pay by card (website said that it is possible to pay with credit/debit cards), we tried two cards, but it didn`t work out. So we had to pay in cash.All in all, if your priority is not a fancy hotel, you can stay there. But next time i will definitely search for another hotel.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	The 3 of us (wife and 16-year old) stayed for 3 nights in a triple room. The hotel is in an excellent location close to the Shepherds Bush tube. Our room was big enough, the staff was friendly, and breakfast was included in the extremely reasonable price.Because the hotel was full we had to move to another one where the room rate was almost double that of Grantly. We all agreed that even if the price had been the same, we would have preferred to stay where we were.	
May 11 2009 	grotty little room	stayed for one night, that was one too many, reception deceptively clean and tidy. room was grubby, light bulbs not working, unable to open drawers, shower head was filthy and kept falling off, light above sink broken, toilet roll holder hanging off wall, paid cash on arrival, despite booking on line receptionist only had my first name as booking reference, breakfast not too bad, but conservatory where it was served was grubby, dusty chairs and floor. will not be returning. also my bag was kept in an unsecured room opposite reception which was full of junk having been told it would be taken to my room, it was there several hours later on my return	
Apr 20 2009 	No Key	walking into the hotel, it seemed quite nice, the staff seemed friendly and it looked clean, then we were told that our room key was lost but to go on down (as our room was in the basement). the room itself (room 25), was sufficent, clean bedding, and towels. the bathroom was the size of a shower cubicle but all worked fine. as we had to leave our room to go the bbc studios, we were left with no option than to leave our bags in the room where only the manager had a key, and the patio door was left open. when we arrived back at the hotel not only had the not found the key but the whole lock had been removed so instead of goin straight to bed after a long day we were forced to sit around and wait whilst a man fixed the lock untill 1am. we had no discount and were ignored by the new receptionist. bad experience but if your in a tight jam and need a cheap place to stay, then its okay, should be cheaper though for what they r offering.	
Dec 31 2008 	Handy for the infamous Shepherds Bush Walkabout!!	Had a single night at the Grantly Hotel, Shepherds Bush.First impressions: Its an older building but looks reasonable from the outside.On entering: The reception area was clean and freshly polished.Paid cash to the bloke on reception for a 1 night stay in a single room.My room was at basement level. The room itself was small, it had a single bed, a table and a small telly (with a broken remote control)There was an ensuite bathroom consisting of toilet, washbasin and a shower cubicle. The glass sliding door on the shower had come off its runners and the carpet was damp where water had come out.The bed was comfy (if slightly hard) and the sheets were very clean and fresh.I had a good nights sleep at the Grantly hotel, its a budget hotel in a not particularly inspiring area of London but I felt it was pretty good value for money.I didnt eat at the hotel but there is a Maccas across Shepherds Bush green (couple of minutes walk) plus a Subway down towards Goldhawk Rd tube station. There seemed to be lots of other takeaway type places to get food as well. The Shepherds Bush Empire is just a couple of minutes walk. Next door to the Empire is the infamous and legendary Shepherds Bush Walkabout (The SheBu Walkie to all you fellow Aussies). The perfect place to go for a pie and sauce, a VB, a bit of footy watching and to see probably the only pub in England with half an old FJ Holden nailed to the wall. Classy.Try the Grantly for a reasonably cheap one night stay. There are probably better hotels in the area, but I'm sure there are heaps worse.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great value - 3 bed	Clean reasonably priced. Good location. Internet (wifi 3 GBP/day)friendly staff. big room (3 bed) !!!	
Oct 14 2008	Don't do it!	I would never recommend this place to anyone. They run some kind of scam with a far less pleasant hotel across the otherside of the green called The Abbey. They regularly overbook the rooms then ship the unlucky ones to this other hotel which resembles some kind of bail hostel.The Grantly itself looked nice from what we saw i.e. the reception. But then we were given some rubbish story about a water leak and we had to stay somewhere else. This is dispite the fact he had only rang me the day before to confirm I still wanted the room.The man at the Abbey was happy to tell me they work in partnership and the Grantly overbooked. I agree it's great for the empire but not great if you end up being one of the unlucky ones and ending up where we did!!!	
Jul 28 2008 	Just right	Great little Hotel. It is a budget hotel, but I suspect one of the best value for money Hotels of its class, in London. The quad room is always going to be crowded with 4 adults in it but we managed fine - more room than I thought there would be. Hotel has been recently done up so ensuite was beautiful. Staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast was more than adequate. Location handy to tube and a small market, plenty of shops and pubs close by and a small park directly across the road. Not always quiet, but then nowhere else in London is going to be either. Pleasantly surprised overall. We had a great stay. Would highly recommend to others.	
Jul 3 2008 	not realy clean and recommendable	The room and the equipment is very old and in a bad condition. The bedspread was full of small spots and dirty. I don't know what is older the room it self or the bath room. The room was not hoovered and everywhere was dust.Good was the breakfast and the equipment outside of the room, also the stuff was friendly. The location is also very close to the center of London.	
May 7 2008 	AWEFUL!	We booked a hotel which was close to the BBC studios. When we arrived the entrance was lovely and certainly my first impresssions were good. He then took us next door to where we would be staying and my eyes filled up nearly. We walked into our room and it was terrible, it hadnt been hoovered, so we had to do it with a hoover that was hanging about outside. My partner is 6foot7 and he could reach both sides of the walls of the room barr 2 inch. The room was a double and was absolutely tiny and the bathroom was ridiculous. There was a hole in the marble wall with water coming out of it and the floor was all cracked in the bathroom. I have never seen such a small bathroom and we couldnt even walk through the door straight on, you had to step to the side because it was that tiny. I was absolutely gutted, the manager asked for £67 up front and now I know why. We did what we had to do in London and have restaurant reservations and we travelled back to Leeds later that night and didnt stay there....it was aweful, avoid like the plague in my opinon!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Great value close to the Shepherds Bush Empire	I first stayed at this hotel in May 2002 and thought it was great value for money then being approx £60 per room per night including breakfast and parking. I was pleasantly surprised when I stayed again in February 2008 and it was still the same good value and only slightly more money. The rooms are clean and tidy, if a bit on the small side all with private shower rooms. We arrived early at 11am and our room was ready for us, we could even park in the onsite car park (which is a little on the small side).This hotel has expanded recently into the hotel next door, so you could stay in either building. We stayed next door to the original Grantly Hotel and the only down side was having to walk from one building to the next for breakfast (a walk of about 30 seconds so no great hardship). The breakfast was good and the staff polite.This is still a great value hotel and I will be staying again next time I am in London for a gig or concert.	
Dec 17 2007 	Perfect for the Empire	Stayed at the Grantly after a gig at the Empire. Couldn't be closer to the venue - can see the entrance from the bedroom window! Clean, warm, friendly staff, nice breakfast. Room was quite small but it was all we needed for one night. Would recommend to anyone wanting a short term stay on a trip to London. It was a bit noisy at night with it being right on Shepherds Bush Green - but I'm from Devon so anything louder than a horse and cart after 8pm is noisy to me!!!! Good value for money, would definately book again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great location for the Empire	We were up in London to see the Alarm and wanted to stay overnight so after checking out a few other places on the road up to the Green (which were either booked or abysmal) we came upon the Grantly. The room was in the building next door and was very warm, clean and a goodsize. The guy at reception was helpful and courteous and the price wasreasonable (for London!)Only downside was the breakfast which was served by very unhelpful/miserable staff. The toast was aneamic and the boiled eggs very hard!!Overall though the location and room make it a place to stay if you are in the area for a gig etc.	
Apr 26 2007 	Good for Shepherd's Bush Empire on a budget	Given some of the previous reviews here, we were somewhat wary of the Grantly. However, late planning left us few options so we took the risk. Hotel was easy to find - a stone's throw from the Underground - and we were welcomed warmly. The room was spacious and clean with the basics (towels/soap/coffee etc.) Very convenient for the Empire - 2mins walk. Only real negative was the feeble shower. Breakfast was basic but we were offered extra toast.As others have said, you get what you pay for and this is a budget London hotel. We found it perfectly adequate, clean and ideal for the Empire.	
Feb 2 2007 	A night I will always remember!!	I stayed in the Grantly on 14th February 2006 as was seeing a show at the Empire.On arrival at the main hotel reception it looked great, clean tidy etc.. Then we were told our room was in the building next door, they were doing some renovations but the water would be turned back on and the builders leave at 6pm - this was fine as was already 4.30 ish by then. When we actually saw the other building it was awful, dust everywhere from the builders all up the stairs tools laying around and our room - well!!! it was tiny and the bathroom you could barely fit into, you had to sit sideways on the toilet and climb over it to get to the basin.It was however only for one night so just thought would put down to expierience.We went to our show and came back all was well until around 3am in the morning when the window flew open with the wind, lucky the glass did not break, we could not fix it down as was broken so had to tie a bed sheet round the table and the window latch was the only way to hold it.In the morning as we went o have a coffee, the packets of coffee had vouchers on them which had run out in around 2003 so thought better of it - we had to go back next door for the cold breakfast.It was truly awful, not somewhere I would recommend.	
Jun 28 2006	basic but great location and free parking!	Have stayed twice at Grantly when going to the Shepherds Bush Empire for gigs. Great location just across the road with a good Italian restaurant just a few doors away and a couple of pubs should you want them. The rooms are basic and small but have been clean on both occasions, with spotless sheets! Breakfast is served in a 'conservatory' (not an outhouse as previously described) and is good and plentiful. Added to that is the free parking and the easy drive into Shepherds Bush from the North and M1, which makes this place good value for money. If you want luxury, stay elsewhere; if you want a bed for the night, this is certainly adequate.	
May 7 2006	Budget Hotel you get what you pay for.	We stayed at the Grantly Hotel for £62 on a Saturday night in May 06. We were attending a concert at the Shepherds Bush Empire &amp; wanted a hotel close by. The hotel location was fantastic 200 yds from the Empire &amp; really close to the tube station.However the double room was very small and not particularly clean, the floor hadn't been hoovered in a while. Tthe bathroom was tiny &amp; we didn't use the shower as that also wasn't v. clean.We arrived one hour before the concert &amp; thought the hotel would be fine for one night, especially as we'd be back late &amp; leaving early the next morning.Breakfast was a strange. Served in a small outbuilding at the back of the hotel, complete with fridge, sink &amp; kettle. Cold croissants handed to you in their wrappers straight from the fridge,We also weren't used to paying for the room before we'd even seen it &amp; found this a little odd.Next time we'd definately pay the extra £25 for the Hilton up the road.	
Dec 3 2005 	Grantly is ace	Stayed at the Grantly last night and it was brilliant. I was a bit skeptical as to whether to book it or not after reading so many bad reviews, but I'd definitely go back. For £37 its nothing short of a bargain. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the Continental breakfast was excellent.Highly recommended !!!!!	
Oct 22 2005	If you value your life -- do not stay here!	Booked for one night - Room 23 !!! Did not stay, place has filthy walls, discusting bathroom and something had died in the fridge and stunk the whole room out.Was totally overpriced and I would not let my dog sleep here. Shame because location is spot on.	
May 25 2005	Grantely Hotel - BEWARE!	My husband and I stayed there last weekend and paid £75+. The place is a dump. From the outside it looks quite nice however when we got to our room we were seriously disappointed. The room was so dirty. Dirt or and other substances on the walls, the carpet had not been hoovered in what looked like months. The bathrooms were growing mould in the tub and on the walls, the furnniture was beaten down and broken, and the mattress on the bed had springs popping up all over. If we hadn't arrived so late in to the evening (after 9:30 PM) we wouldn't have stayed there and looked for another hotel. There is a Hilton down the road that we are staying at next month for £89.	
Dec 7 2004	Never going there again!!	We stayed here at the end of november..what can I say..what a dump!! We paid 60 pound for a double room. The room was very small. Just as well we are small people coz the bathroom door couldnt be opened properly as there was a desk in the way. The sheets were dirrty (we slept with our clothes on!), the bed was more like a single bed so small! The carpet was dirrty, the tv remote had cello tape all over it coz it was broken, handles were falling off the doors, the bathroom was tiny and not clean and most annoying of all, there is no proper fire escape.Dont go here!! Waste of money!	
Oct 24 2004	Grantly Hotel is great value!!	I needed a single room in Shepherds Bush London for just one night. Knowing the prices of hotels (and indeed things in general) in London I was startled to see that the Grantly Hotel charges only £35 for a single room including breakfast. I almost discounted staying there as I figured something that cheap couldnt be any good. How wrong I was! The hotel is great! The reception area was spotless, bright and smelled of nice polish. The owner was friendly and helpful. I found my room to be superb value for my needs! The room was very clean, it had an ensuite bathroom with a great hot shower, remote control TV with teletext, comfy bed with crisp white sheets......ideal! I didnt stay for the breakfast as I had a long journey home and wanted to miss the traffic, but I'm sure it would have been fine if the rest of the hotel was anything to go by.I would recommend the Grantly Hotel to anyone, and will certainly be staying there again myself. £35 must be bargain of the decade!!!!!!	
Jul 2 2004	Very good 3 star	Hi there, My husband and I stayed here in a double room on the 19th of June 2004. The staff were very nice and friendly, and although the room was very small it was lovely and the bed was super-comfy. Its REALLY CLOSE to everything - 24hr shops, tube, bus, cinema, places to see. A bargain for £60 incl breakfast (which was very good!) Highly recommended.	
Aug 1 2009 	Bed Bugs in rooms		
Mar 31 2009 	Ficaria novamente		
