Aug 9 2009 	Do not stay in this hotel!	I wish I'd looked for reviews about this hotel before I booked. I have never stayed anywhere as bad as this. The reception staff are completely inexperienced. The rooms are a joke. When I arrived and checked in the receptionist tried to sell me 'the biggest room in the hotel for only £20 more!'. This room contained 2 single beds and a dble sofa bed which was pulled out. I explained I was on my own and staying 1 night so didn't need the space or extra beds and could I be shown the room i had booked and paid for. We then went back to reception where he phone his boss and said 'she doesn't want it' and then handed the phone to me telling me that the boss wanted to speak to me. I couldn't believe the lack of professionalism. The boss explained that the room I had booked was on the 4th floor. When I told him that wasn't a problem he then admitted there was water damage to the room. I told him he was obliged to find me an alternative room without trying to charge me extra. I was given the 'biggst room in the hotel' only to find that none of the 4 bed options had decent matresses, the TV didn't work, the ensuite was a plastic cabin stuck int the corner of the room with no toilet paper and previously used shampoo and showergel. There were wires trailing all over the room, curtains that didn't meet in the middle, I could go on but won't. In the middle of the night I was woken by someone entering my room! I was a woman travelling on her own so you can imagine how frightening that must have been. It was the night receptionist who told me he didn't know that the room was occupied! In the morning there was no apology forthcoming until I mentioned the episode?! Needless to say breakfast was not served as the cook didn't turn up. Probably a lucky escape. I explained I had paid B&amp;B &amp; therefore wanted a refund. I was told that there was nothing that could be done about it until the boss returned at 3pm .... Do not stay here.	
Mar 6 2009 	Pretty good really...	I have to say that after looking at some of the reviews on here, I was a little worried about staying here, but actually, I was pleasantly surprised. The room, although a little small was comfortable, airy and had a double bed, the bathroom, although again small, was clean and in good working order. The bed linen was comfortable, and I got a couple of really good nights sleep. The location was pretty good, and both Kensington Olympia and Barons Court tube stations were close by. Breakfast was not included, but if you read the small print on the receipt, that is made pretty clear. The breakfasts were nice, and the staff were fantastic, really friendly and helpful. In contrary to the other reviews, I found the manager pleasant and personable. For the price I paid, the hotel was fantastic, especially for central London. I am a student and I have stayed in a number of youth hostels and such, and they have been much, much worse. I would definately stay here again, and bring friends.	
Nov 1 2008 	Lost opportunity - friendly staff - pity about the hotel	In a good location; 5 minute walk from Olympia underground station off Kensington High Street. The staff were nice and friendly but you had to ask for everything; towels, working hairdryer, toilet paper. They just weren't on top of running an inner-city hotel, even a budget one like this. The bed was rock like. There was no room servicing. We normally wouldn't complain - and we didn't here - but we have been in cheaper hotels where these things were professionally addressed and attended to. As Douglas Adams said, the secret is, just keep banging the rocks together guys; some people get it and some people don't. These would be nice people to have as neighbours but I wouldn't let them run a chook raffle. Bathroom was tired. Shower was pretty awful. Bathroom door had the lock on the outside. . . LOL. . . and a two inch gap under the door. None of the windows locked. Place needs some care and attention. It could be fantastic with just a small effort made.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good Value	I stay at the Centaur several times a month whenever I'm in West London. There are lots of reasons why I keep coming back and these include the fact that the location is great for me, its in a really quiet street (not always the case in London), the staff are friendly and the bedding and towels are always clean and fresh. Also, they don't mind if I turn up really late as they will wait up as long as I let them know. If you want to eat out, there are a number of great value restaurants within 3/4 minutes walk and if you wish to go more upmarket then there are loads more towards Kensington, which is only a short walk / bus ride away. Having used the Centaur a lot, I have stayed in probably all the rooms and therefore know the place well so if I was being picky, some of the bathrooms are a bit small and some of the carpets are starting to look a bit tired. Overall though it gets the thumbs up. If you are looking for a place to crash out for the night that's quite central (and excellent for Olympia) good value and does the basics well, then you should consider the Centaur. If you are looking to spend the night sat around a luxurious hotel lounge, or in your room all night, then you might want to consider somewhere else as this is only a small hotel.Happy hunting!	
Aug 2 2008	great freindly staff	I had problems in my reservation and the owner was a great man and I thought those people didnot exist anymore he helped me alot. the hotel is quite and clean and breakfast is excellent	
May 6 2008 	Not Ideal but Acceptable	Centaur Lodge Hotel is located in a quiet and safe neighborhood between the Olympia (5-minute walk) and West Kensington (10-minute walk) tube stations. It is not the most convenient location. To get to Olympia, a change of train is required at Earl's Court and during daytime, the wait can be over 5 minutes. Sometimes I took the train to W. Kensington instead to avoid the wait. I can pay the same price but stay in Earl's Court or South Kensington which is a more convenient location.The staff members were quite friendly. My reservation should include breakfast but the clerk said I needed to pay extra (2-5 pounds). I did not argue with him as the breakfast did not look too good anyway. Beware that a 5% surcharge was required if paid by credit card. The room I was in was quite filthy. Furniture was covered with dust, the shower was dirty, and the fridge smelt. However, the bed linen and towels were clean. The bed (a single bed) was quite comfortable.I felt that I paid a lot but got a sub-standard place. However, given how expensive London is, it might be a good deal already. My recommendation is to book early and find a hotel in a more convenient location.	
May 5 2008	disgusting service PLEASE PLEASE take heed of these reviews	The reason I booked this hotel was that I needed a family room and 2 x double rooms and could not get this anywhere else for the particular weekend we were travelling.After booking I read some reviews on this hotel and felt very worried but thought 'oh well, its only for 1 night'.I booked a 'family room' for 3 adults and 2 children plus 2 double rooms via late rooms.Upon arrival, I was very dismayed by the dirty, grubby appearance of the hotel on the outside but once inside the hotel, it is even worse. The other reviews are completely correct, it is old, worn, dirty and had an musty smell about it.It was 1pm which was the check in time, we were told by the manager via a phone call at reception that check in is 2pm and our room was not ready. I visited the toilet before leaving which was tiny and the sink was so filthy that I did not want to wash my hands, the light was not working and the tap swiveled round when I turned it on.We left our luggage and when we returned at 5.30pm (we were due at the Royal Albert Hall at 6.30pm to see my daughter dancing), we were told that the family room only has four beds. Apparently, he was in the process of sueing 'late rooms' and they should have phoned me to tell me that they dont have a family room for 5 people. There were 4 single beds squeezed into a small room, 2 of them pushed together. He did not mention this on the phone at 1pm earlier in the day when we could have tried to get another hotel. He said if we werent happy, we could leave and there would be no cancellation charge! We had less than 1 hour to get ready, and obviously we would not be able to get another hotel at such short notice. We asked for a reduced rate, he said no. He also said that we could have a full english breakfast for £5 extra, but we said that continental breakfast is included and he said 'yeah, but its only bread and butter'. He was very rude, arrogant and smarmy and told us that he could rent the room out just like that if we didn't want it and he clicked his fingers. He obviously thought that we would take the room as it was now 5.50pm but we told him what to do with it. We asked for our paperwork back and he tried to snatch it out of my sister in laws hand and was very aggressive. We left very upset and had to cancel our credit card as he had all the numbers and we felt sure that he would charge something to us. We got 2 taxis to the royal albert hall and tried on the way to get another hotel with the taxi drivers help, but to no avail.We ended up watching only half of the dance show (£36 a ticket)so that we could leave and catch the last train home. This man completely spoiled our weekend and I wish I had listened to the reviews and cancelled this hotel. I should have trusted my gut instinct. Upon return, I have phoned up late rooms who informed me that on their website, HE IS advertising a 'family room' for 5 people, he is NOT sueing them, and they had NOT been told to inform me that their is not a 5 person family room. They are now investigating this hotel, so PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE listen to what other people have written and do not go anywhere near this hotel.	
Dec 24 2007 	awful-avoid	avoid unless absolultey desperate!! although very near to olympia, which is its only saving grace, this is a horrible place. tIts like poor student accomodation. the carpets are all worn and not very clean. tne beds wobbly, the bathroom-if you can call it that,-dirty, smelly and depressing. the manager/owner was extremely rude and the breakfast just awful!!!	
Sep 14 2007 	Difficulties cancelling booking	Looking for a budget hotel in Kensington, London, I booked the Centaur Hotel through their own website. Stupidly, I forgot to check with TripAdvisor first! Once I'd looked at the reviews online, I decided that I was not prepared to risk getting such bad service so decided to cancel the booking.I checked the small print of the reservation confirmation that I'd received by email - cancellations were OK if made more than 48hrs before arrival and all amounts pre-paid were refunded to your credit card within 5 working days. Sounded OK.When I attempted to cancel my booking, the hotel manager (a) claimed that my contract was not with the hotel (though this was stated clearly in the reservation confirmation) but with an agent (b) that there might be a charge for cancelling (no charge in contract so long as cancellation is at least 48 hours pror to arrival) and (c) as they'd not received any money from the agent they would not be able to cancel the booking or refund my money. They claimed I had to speak with their &quot;agent&quot; to cancel the booking and get a refund. When I got through to the &quot;agent&quot; it was actually the software company that they bought their booking software from. As expected, they have nothing to do with bookings! However, this company (Eviivo) were extremely helpful to me even though the problem was really nothing to do with them.I think the main problem was that the hotel manager did not understand the booking software he was using and did not understand how payments etc were processed. On another telephone line I overheard Eviivo explaining to the hotel manager how to cancel an online booking (&quot;you have to right-click on the date.... etc, etc&quot;). Eventually, after several phone calls and a threatening letter to the hotel manager, I got my refund processed.So, although I didn't actually stay at the hotel and cannot validate any of the previous reviews, my experience of the hotel management and administration may have an influence over whether or not you choose to stay here.	
Jun 21 2007 	Horrible hotel!!	We stayed there last weekend... and the experience was terrible. The rooms are really dirty...we even saw a rat! :-( The breakfast was ridiculous and when we complained to the manager he was just really rude.Definetely, one of the worst hotels that we have ever been!:-(	
Jun 4 2007	Fleas galore	We stayed at this hotel in May. Beds were infested with bugs and we saw a rat!. This must be the worst hotel we have ever stayed in,	
