Sep 23 2009 	WHAT A BREAKFAST	Never knew there are still places that serve workhouse rate breakfast in the UK. Stayed in this place for a few days, tried breakfast once and decided to cut losses and ignore it on other days. I mean how do you call two slices of toast (you prepare it yourself) a cup of tea/coffee with cold milk, lard/jam and cereal (corn flakes/oatmeal) breakfast? I mean no egg, no sausage, no beans even if you can go luxurious? i did not bother with the dinner but my friend who went said it was corn, a piece of chicken and greens (lettuce or so) and they calim to give breakfast and dinner. Please someone needs to insist on what B&amp;Bs can call a meal for guests.This place is only suitable for 1 night and you should not bother with any meal!!!Only thing to reccomend this place is the great location!!!	
May 11 2009 	not bad	i booked a single room and thought it was adequate, clean enough and did the job, although i heard some rooms wer not so clean. staff wer pretty friendly and helpful though. nvr had any probs with the shared separate bathroom/shower although wasnt the cleanest ever. had internet access, ironing/washing room/sommon room, never tried the meals there.	
May 6 2009 	good experience	I was there for only 3 days to visit London. My friend is there looking for jobs. So it was cool. The room as very clean, no spiders or anything like that. The reception is young and friendly. The only thing i didn't like as much was the food...coz i'm Italian. Overall it was a positive experience!! Call in advance for booking!	
Jul 2 2008 	Don't ever be attracted by their cheap price because the service is cheaper	The facilities are extremely old and ill-maintained. I got a bed with a hole in the middle. The landlord and managers are extreme unfriendly. For foreigners, please just give your passport to the stranger security guy for &quot;deposit&quot;, because otherwise you will either be kicked out of the hotel or sleeplessly argue with them forever. The cheap price is attractive, but a nightmare experience like this should always be avoided.	
Jun 30 2008 	Spend a little more and stay somewhere else.	I just got back to the US from a weekend in London, so I thought I would share my thoughts on Bowden Court. I am not a picky person when it comes to hostels - just something clean, well-managed, fully staffed and welcoming. That was not the case with Bowden Court. If you're truly just looking for somewhere to sleep at night, it's bearable, but otherwise, I would strongly recommend paying a little more and staying elsewhere.The rooms themselves are fine - at least the one I was in. Some people were placed with &quot;roommates&quot; who were actually residents (people who had lived there for months, or even years). Probably not the situation you are looking for.The sheets were clean, but the blanket was stained. The bathrooms were horrible - many were locked, others were filthy and didn't flush. No soap or towels in the bathrooms. Showers were cramped, small and smelled like mildew - although at least there were individual showers. Still, they were gross.The food was unbearable. We tried to eat &quot;dinner&quot; there the first night, but it was fish (clearly just frozen fish that had been heated up) with overcooked, unseasoned white rice and green beans. The coffee was undrinkable and the water cups were visibly dirty. We didn't bother to try any of the other meals, although apparently the night we were there was an especially bad dinner night.The reception desk was open and closed at random times, although they were generally pleasant and helpful.Overall -unless you're desperate, I'd strongly advise that you keep looking	
Aug 5 2007	They just don't care	We went here for three weeks. It's a disgusting place. There are a lot of bedbugs in many rooms. Many of us had some bedbugs stings in some part of our body. One of our friends had many bedbugs stings and she was allergic. His body was full of blisters (BIG blisters...), she couldn't even walk correctly, and all they did was give her a washing machine token, a pound for the tumble dryer and some detergent. They also paid her back the 40 pounds she spent on medicines. But they don't really care about the bedbugs, they just get people in rooms, no matter what...To use the computers for internet you have to pay 1 pound for 1 hour (no free internet)They don't clean in the weekends. And the days they do it, they clean once a day in the morning, in the evening you can see hair in the showers.... :SAnd the food is terrible... Everyday I had dinner I had the feeling I was eating the leftovers of the last day....Well, the good thing it's in a very well communicated area, near Regents park and in Zone 1...In short. DON'T SLEEP HERE	
Oct 30 2006 	Do not stay there...	I lived there for about 2 years.At the beggining everything was O.K. after time, cockroaches, bedbugs, rats, disgusting, toilets and showers dirty, smelly, noisy, manager RUDE and insolent.They offer two meals (breakfast and dinner) if you can call it like this. Terrible impossible to eat during my stay I had only fruit and few times.Plenty of Spanish and Italian (the worst).I met people who where pinched in there own room. Money missing and others.No vigilance at night.Honestly do not stay there, pay a bit more and get a good experience to remember.And by the way this is a HOSTEL not HOTEL big difference in between.	
Mar 25 2009 	se lo conosci lo eviti...		
Sep 3 2007 	per chi si sa adattare		
Sep 7 2006	Einfach nur schrecklich		
