Oct 2 2009 	Pretty horrible - avoid unless it's the cheapest you can find	I've stayed in about 20 of London's cheapest hotels, and this is the second-worst (the worst being the Northumberland in Kings Cross).The decor hasn't been touched since about 1981, and all the nooks and crannies are full of dirt. There was a long black hair on the tabletop in my room. The room did have a freestanding shower cabinet, but so old and grimy I could hardly bear to look at it, let alone use it. It also had a TV, which is unusual for a cheap hotel, but the reception was appalling.Bizarrely, the room was packed with unnecessary furniture - a wardrobe, a chest of drawers, a bedside table and even an ancient fridge - but the few things that really would have made a difference (a lampshade on the bare bulb, a bedside light) were missing!Having said that, the bed was comfy and I slept very well.The breakfast room was surprisingly light and pleasant, but breakfast was unimpressive: Tesco cornflakes, concentrated orange juice, and scrambled/fried eggs with white toast. I know budget hotels can't exactly offer a full English; but they could at least have stretched to a choice of cereals.I definitely wouldn't stay here again unless I could get it for much less than the £35 I paid.	
Sep 21 2009 	cozy and hospitibal	I only stayed at the Plaza/Rex hotel for one night but in that one night, the Oscar, the owner, and his son treated me very well. The breakfast in the morning was also excellent...beans, eggs, and fresh coffe...can't go wrong with that! If you like the personal touch and people you can trust, this is the place. Oscar has been running this business for 25 years and I can see why he is still in business.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Value	Arrived hotel at 12 PM after a 10-minute walk from Shepard's Bush Rail Sation (we had disembarked from a cruise in Southampton). We checked in at the Rex Hotel (next door) - rooms were not yet ready so we left our luggage secured in the office and walked 5-min to a pizza rest (La Forno). Pizza was thin crust and very tasty and inexpensive - washed down with an Italian Lager. Back to the hotel at 1 PM and basement room was ready. The room was bright and airy with ensuite facilities (shower, basin, toilet). TV had a few channels but no remote. There was a wardrobe for suitcases and garmets. Since we are a couple in our early 60's the two twin beds did not disturb us - hey - got to know my wife up close and personal for a change. I guess a double room is two twin beds!! Room and bathroom were clean - plenty of hot water for shower. Refrigerator came in handy for drinks. No ice in hotel but we purchased a bag for 1.50 GBP at a convenience store the other side of the street. Plenty of places to eat within 5 minutes of the hotel. Lots of buses frequent the street with good connections to underground - Hammersmith, White City, or Shepards Bush. Can get anywhere you want to go - airport, central London, etc. Purchase daily travel card at any store or underground - travel after 9:30 AM at reduced rate. For our 3-day stay the hotel was a very good value place. Not up to American standards but adequate for the price and duration. Full breakfast just added to the value - eggs to order, coffee/tea/juice/milk, toast, cereal, etc. get you full for the day's start of activities. Small dining room so you may need to wait for a seat. European style so just sit with others and enjoy conversation and meal. We met many delightful people for the US and Europe. Breakfast is served from 7-9 AM so we departed early on day 3 without breakfast to make our 10 AM departure out of Heathrow - connect with bus to Hammersmith and then underground to Heathrow - both inexpensive. Neighborhood is clean and safe. We traveled early in the morning and late at night - well lit and patrolled. Quiet except for police cruisers with sirens all hours of the day.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fantastic staff and great value	This is my first review and I would recommend this place to anyone who was after a basic room for a few nights which represented good value. Breakfast was included as well which was quite nice with a selection of cereal and hot breakfast.Perhaps the best aspect of this hotel was the staff. Was able to leave our bags with them pre check in and checkout on two occastions for the day which made thing much easier considering the amount of luggage we had. Furthermore, other requests and assistance were also met with a smile.The place is owned by a family and they are very friendly. Its location isn't too bad being in zone 2 for the underground and being about a 10 minute walk from s.bush station or hammersmith. Will stay again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Positive Überraschung! Positively Surprised!	I spent a lot of time looking for an &quot;acceptable&quot; accomodation for my 7 day stay, which can be in London - let´s face it - quite a challenge. I was looking for sth affordable but clean ! and nice, not too far from the hot spots. I payed abt 48 GBP per night inlc.breakfast. That was what I got: The room looked exact the way it did in the pics. Although it was in the basement, it had a window, a TV (4 major programms), a fridge, a chair and of course a bed. All was in working order and - for british standards - very clean. If you are german like me, don´t look in the corners or put on your glasses. That´s just London. Bathroom - en suite - small but fine. New interiors, nothing rotten or foul. Water was hot at any time of the day as long as you showered and powerful running (I´ve experienced different in London ;-) ). It was cleaned daily, no hairs left in the bath! Since I´ve a bad back, the mattrace was a challenge. It was more or less new, but not a high standart 7* one. I put the blanket and daybed underneath the linen and could sleep like an angel. Which you normally should do anyway after a whole day out in town. Sheperd´s Bush is the perfect start with the tube in any direction. Station is abt 5 min walk away, busses to Hammersmith, Barnes, Richmond, etc. 2 min. (I even walked to Hamm.and Barnes - abt 20 min). Local shops, bars and restaurants (also fastfood) are around in a short walk, but far enough away not to desturb the quiet in the night. Well, quietness in an old house is one thing. The other is other travellers who throw the door ;-) But at night all was nice and slepping.Breakfast contained of eggs, toast, beans, jam, cornflakes. Orange juice,tea and coffee, too. I was always stuffed after it. If my hubby would have ordered some more. Small room, st you had to wait for a few min if you came in the &quot;rush hour&quot; at 8:15. Just get up a little earlier and have a room almost by yourself. Anyway you can have linen serviettes or cleenex. Here it is cleenex. You can have a suite or a small room just for the rest and a film in the evening. Here it is the latter. You choose what you like. If you choose the Plaza or Rex (same) you get a great budged acc with friendly and helpful staff. From business people to families all were there and liked it. Uncomplicated, clean and simple. I will come back!	
Jun 1 2009	Quaint convenient reasonable - what else do you need???	Being the first to write a review on this hotel, I want to make sure to capture all the aspects for a future traveler. We stayed here 9 days - making reservations for 4 days and then extending it another 5 after being pleased with the first 4. They are performing updates on the hotel, which makes it nice. The hotel is in a residential part of town that appears to be renovating houses into B&amp;B's. Rooms are average European size - #9 was nice size for 3 people. The owners are EXTREMELY friendly and accommodating. Bathrooms are very much on the small size, but everything is kept clean. Breakfast consists of juice, milk, coffee, tea, cereal, eggs, beans and toast. Convenient bus lines (72, 220, 283, 295) stop right in front of the hotel that will take you to the train or tube if you don't want to walk the 4 blocks (8 min). The train takes you to Gatwick with only one change. Shepherd's Bush Station is on the Central Line, which is a convenient tube line to just about everything. The rooms have a small refrigerator for keeping some drinks/food, and they have a microwave for your use if you want to heat anything. Neighborhhood grocery store is only 2 blocks away (TESCO) to stock your frig. No hairdryers though, so bring your own if you need one. WIFI worked great, and if you make any reservations while there, the office will print the documents for you. Overall, for the price, this was a suprisingly nice little secret. Around the Shepherd's Green park area (2 blocks), there are also great pubs for very reasonable lunch/dinners. Always felt safe no matter what time of the day or night.	
Nov 26 2009 	Bon hôtel- rapport qaulité/prix imbattable		
Nov 24 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo!		
Nov 22 2009 	Afschuwelijk		
Nov 15 2009 	ci è andata bene...		
