Nov 17 2009 	Best stay	Hi, i would like to shere my journey with u,,, I stayed here for 12 days,, it was a pleasent stay,,,i enjoyed a lot with my friends,,, and the hotel is very nice,,with huge lobby and well groomed front office staff.The rooms are neatly cleaned and tidy,, the management is very helpful and i thinks that was my best stay in london.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very comfortable place 	Our stay of 3 weeks in York house was a pleasant surprise as i read the terrible reviews on trip advisor earlier.Staff is very helpful and would accommodate your requests quickly. Kitchen played the big role in 3 weeks stay, with Tesco superstore just round the corner we saved lot on eating out never missed out our country food.Upgrading to Deluxe studio was very cozy eventhough slightly expensive!	
Nov 11 2009 	Best place at the most reasonable prices: Kitchens are the best advantage	got Teso just round the corner, saved lots of money on eating out. Very clean and tidy rooms with excellent staff and services.	
Oct 26 2009 	Absolutly Filthy	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The carpets were filthy with dead insects over them. When we got to our room we noticed the bed sheets hadn't even been changed. we immediatly went to find somewhere else to stay. Unfortunatly it was a busy time of year. So we were forced to stay 1 night. i am amazed this hotel hasn't been closed down by health inspectors.	
Oct 19 2009 	Didn't expect much...but pleasantly surprised	I can only speak for myself and didn't experience any bed bugs, filthiness etc. I found the staff helpful and friendly when dealing with enquiries, and the room was clean but very small. I didn't expect much because of the cheap price paid, but can say that it was a comfortable stay on a budget. Excellent location, just round the corner from Earls Court tube station. We only wanted this hotel as a convenient hotel to sleep and we found it very useful. Very, very small (especially in the bathroom!) but if you're on a budget and don't expect luxury, then it is recommended.	
Oct 17 2009 	The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	We booked to stay here for 1 week as we were working in London, and this seemed quite reasonably priced and centrally located.We booked through wotif.com where the photographs showed quite nice looking rooms. When we checked in, we were informed that we would be in one room for half the week, and switching for the last few days. I said this would not be acceptable, as we had booked for 6 nights and were working and did not want to have to change half way through our stay. They reluctantly agreed to let us stay in that room.WELL, when we were shown to my room I nearly laughed- it was nothing like the pictures on the internet, and it was a tiny dark damp room with two bare beds with old brown blankets on them, the bathroom door was a folding &quot;curtain&quot; door. The bed bases were bare, and the curtain was half hanging off the window. There were damp stains on the walls and broken light fittings.I complained and explained that we did not want to stay in that room, and that they had misrepresented themselves online. We were then shown to another room which had a double bed and 2 singles, was pretty shabby but an improvement on the last one, so we stayed in that one the night.In the morning, we discovered that both of us were completely covered in BED BUG bites. We packed our things and went to reception, where they told us there was nothing they could do. We called Wotif and got a refund.This hotel is staffed with liars, who try to cover up everything, and the whole place should be shut down due to environmental health. I have never been so disgusted in my life. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.	
Sep 23 2009 	Don't stay at York House Hotel	This hotel was terrible and as previous people have commented infested with bed bugs. The staff were very slow to respond. My friend was bitten terribly and required medical attention. The only good thing was the location.	
Sep 10 2009	Ok if you like sharing your room with bed bugs!	This hotel seemed like a good idea at the time as it was central to where i needed to be.The price was OK for European standards.The problems was that the rooms seem to be infested with bedbugs.My daughter and i were eaten alive during our fist night there. Bites all over us.We told management and they rectified this by spraying our luggage and the bed with raid.We asked to be moved as we were there for 6 nights.The room we were moved to was smaller( if that is possible) and dark, dingy with stinky drains.The TV in the hotel may be advertised as satilight but only has 4 channels. 3 are unwatchable, religious show 24 hours a day, pop videos, nature show running 24 hours a day, same show, the other is the BBC worl news.The worse thing is that our ¨new¨ room had bugs too.We were both so badly bitten that we had to seek treatment in London from a doctor.The doctor reckoned the bugs were either in the beds, curtains or carpet.A disgrace to charge anyone or advertise when the rooms are this filthy.I suggest you do not book with these people.	
Sep 10 2009 	Beneath Third World Standards	I have never stayed in a dirty, filthy place like this. I was happy that this indian people who run this place did not serve breakfast. I would have considered this as a health hazzard. PLEASE AVOID TO STAY IN THIS HOTEL FOR ANY COSTS - YOU ARE BETTER OFF SLEEPING IN A TENT OR ON THE STREET!!!! - The pictures on the internet are misleading and do not look anything they advertise - really a big ripp off !!!!We tried to get out of this hotel as early as possible in the morning and tried to come back as late as possible - thank God that it was only for 2 nights.	
Sep 4 2009 	Definitely a place to avoid	We had an apartment for three persons.It was not an apartment but a very small room with very small bathroom,the bathtub was ridiculous with wooden panels on side and dirty with incrustations.The worst part is that when we arrived we asked at the reception if we could pay in euros and they told yes,we paid half the first day and the rest the last day:they didn't tell us we had to pay for charges for more than 60 euros!!!Definitely avoid this.	
Jul 20 2009 	We regret our stay - avoid at any costs	We regret our stay in this hotel. There is nothing nice to write about it. They charge 5% extra for credit cards. Indian family run business with terrible service. We were not alone to complain about our service. Room was very small and stinky. Carpet was dirty, bed with terrible mattress with broken springs. Walls so thin you can hear your neighbors. When I wanted to cancel the reservation I was told no refund will be given. Please avoid at any costs. This is rip-off. Don't expect any friendly service at this hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	It was OK. Good value.	Small room and bathroom, but very neat and tidy. No frills accomodation at no frills price. I would stay there again as it was in a nice part of London and it was quite comfortable. I would recomomend it only if it is at a good price and you aren't too fussy.	
Jun 17 2009 	Even for London this is very poor grubby and tiny	The room was really small and the layout clumsy and awkward, ensuite was ok but had a large crack across the floor and toilet ran continuously . Carpet was stained and dirty, TV useless unless standing directly in front of it, the remote did not belong to it, when mentioned to staff the response was &quot;customers steal the remotes&quot;. As they would be useless to them perhaps it was their way of protesting about the very poor value offered. Overpriced for what it is and plenty of better options available.	
May 21 2009 	Recommendation: To avoid	A few facts:1 - They charge 5% more if you pay with credit card, moreover they don't accept all credit cards2 - They ask £10 to let you leave the luggages in the hall the leaving day3 - They do not serve any breakfast4 - Rooms are dirty and incredibly small.For the same amount of money you can find a much better accomodation in the same area around Earl's Curt underground station. So my recommendation is: definitely to avoid.	
May 12 2009 	Wouldnt stay here again	Was looking forward to stayin at this hotel. From the second we arrived we were greeted with a 10 pound fee for leaving your luggage at the hotel until we could check in. Which was in 2 hours. The lady said this was the first day they were beggining to charge people so I was not advised of this on the website when I booked. The reason being the storeroom was not big enough. even though the storeroom was at least twice the size as the room we got put in and had plenty of room to store luggage. Our room was very small. Just enough room for the bed. No luggage room, couldnt open the bathroom door as the bed was in the way. The bathroom was the size of a public tolilet cubicle. The sink was over the toliet. If i wasnt small i dont know how a larger person would even fit in the bathroom. The tv was hangin on a high wall as there was no where else to put it. The kitchenette was in a cupboard where the bowls and utensils had not being cleaned and the power switch would not work so could not use the kettle. Paying a large price for this hotel as it was last minute, i would had being happier in a cheap hostel. It is not the luxury studio apartments they advertise on their site.	
Feb 22 2009 	Absolutely Horrifying	Booked a single room; it was wedged somewhere between the 3rd and 2nd floor. Bathroom door was a plastic foldable one that looked like it had been recovered from a garbage dump; the entire room smells SO BAD that i couldn't sleep at all the first night, moved out the next day and had to pay an extra night's penalty. Carpet was COVERED with a layer of other people's hairs, like a second layer of carpet! What bothered me was that what could have been fixed very easily was not, such as the falling down lightbulb (not lamp--lightbulb) in the bathroom, which was taped back to the ceiling with tape!--the incompletely painted wall (looked like somebody painted 4/5 of the wall, and then just stopped). Shower and toilet were absolutely grimey. Honestly, I could not believe my eyes. This was how horrible this hotel was.	
Feb 3 2009 	Beware Credit Card Charges	Please be aware that on arrival if you choose to pay by credit card you will be charged 5% extra. As a single female traveller who did not want to walk to an ATM for cash late at night, that left me with no choice. So bring cash, and have a cup of coffe with your 5% :(	
Jan 25 2009	unorthodox way to find good hotels	My wife and I really enjoy staying in the York hotel in Londonand we highly recommend it we booked our vaction ourselves and saved lots of money that way As for information about hotels all i can say is that i (usually!) put my trust in .info sites as a source of reliable information for example google (or any other big search service) search in the following format will provide you with lots of information about the hotel you are interesting in &quot;York London Hotel site:*.info&quot;hope this helps and i am sure you will have a pleasant stay	
Nov 7 2008 	Very Nice Accommodation	My stay in York House was enjoyable. I stayed in double ensuite. Being from America I knew that the room would not be that large. Everything in London is on a much smaller level. However, the room was clean and cozy. The bathroom was very nice, and the it was nice to have a kitchenette for me to cook breakfast. York House looked new as if it had just recently been refurbished. The staff was friendly and helpful. They made sure my stay was comfortable so that I could enjoy my time in London. It was also convenient that there was a lift so I did not have to carry my luggage up the stairs.	
Oct 6 2008 	nightmare be warned	At first glimpse it didnt look too bad, good location in a quiet street not too far from the tube station. The stay ended in a nichtmare with bedbugs swarming all over, biting relentlessly. Tiny rooms, dirty carpets, very noisy. Very scary. Be warned: do not go there.	
Sep 19 2008 	Ouch...that's itchy	We booked this hotel through www.easytobook.com. The few reviews did not seem bad. This website advertises them to include breakfast. This is not the case, they do not even serve breakfast. We had to pay cash in full for the 3 nights prior to check-in. The room smelled stale, probably from the filthy stained carpet &amp; burnt drapes. Luckily the window opens fully and does not lock (so don't leave valuables in room). There wasn't even coffee or tea offered (like all other hotels). The makeshift bathroom door has screws protruding half an inch which scratched my girlfriend's arm in the middle of the night. The towels were thin &amp; coarse, obviously overused. One side of the bed was worn out. This place is so close to the underground, you can actually feel it coming &amp; going, let alone hear it. AND to top it all off, we left with souvenirs; BED BUG BITES! Wish we had spent the extra 10 pounds &amp; stayed elsewhere.	
Sep 10 2008	Run-don't walk--from this hellhole	The lobby looked nice enough--and it was the ONLY thing about the entire hotel that you can tell the ownder paid any attention to. I booked a single room--the room was tiny, but that was the best part of my stay. The paint on the wall looks like it's halfway through construction, mostly white with some random red patch on the side. As soon as i walked into the room i noticed it smelled--not like mold, not like someone's old cooking (there was a kitchentte in the room), but like a ROTTING DEAD ANIMAL(i know what it smells like; i've smelled one before.). The bathroom door is foldable, plastic one, that like the rest of the furnishings inside the hotel room, screams the CHEAPEST kind one can get ANYWHERE (ones that almost seem disposable, almost.) I booked the hotel for 8 nights; the first night i got there, i knelt down on the floor to get something; later i was sitting on my bed to watch the TV--when all of a sudden i noticed the many, many blonde hairs stuck to my pajama pants (I have black hair.). I climbed out of my bed, and looked closely at the carpet--Honestly, i have NO IDEA when the last time the maid vacuumed was; it was covered with someone else's hairs. That was not the worst part. During the night i kept smelling that dead animal rotting odor and COULD NOT FALL ASLEEP the ENTIRE NIGHT. I couldn't get another room because, amazingly, this hotel from HELL was actually FULL. Summary of York House Hotel: 1) The SHOCKING drastic difference in cleanliness, maintenance, and decoration between its front door lobby and actual rooms screams DECEIT by the hotel owner; 2) You can tell by the HORRIFYING level of uncleanliness, the bathroom lights that are actually TAPED to the bathroom ceiling to keep them from falling down, the choice of the CHEAPEST POSSIBLE APPLIANCES anywhere in the hotel--the kind that you get at 99cent stores--that York House does NOT give ONE OUNCE of concern, for its customers' actual wellbeing. If you ask me, these are greedy, unconscienable money suckers that take advantage of clueless tourists/out of towners that really when they get here, because of their limited time, resources and knowledge about the area, are likely not to be able to do too much about their treatment. These are not honest, upstanding businessmen running the hotel. So unless you WANT to become the next victim, RUN--DON'T WALK--from York House Hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	wish I had read this reviews before as terrible service	I have been in that hotel a few years ago and reading these reviews now, I can notice that nothing has changed. I had booked this place thanks to a recommendation of the Lonely Planet (God knows why they listed this hotel).I booked a room for my family but when I went there to see the room I was so disappointed that I decided that I couldn't have relatives to stay there. Even if I had booked a while before and wanted to cancel my reservation two months before, my deposit of £80 was kept. Such a rip-off!I can just agree with other travellers: to avoid at any costs.	
Jun 25 2008 	Disgraceful!	My and a male friend were heading down to London for an audition, so decided to share a room so we could rehearse the night before. We'd booked a twin room only to be told when we arrived that they had put us in a double room as they had run out of twin rooms!!!So we said that was unacceptable and we were offered a single room &amp; a double room. So we first went to check out the double...only fit for someone under 5ft tall! The bed was tiny, there was no space between the toilet &amp; the walls and the bathroom was like a dungeon - you had to step down into it &amp; it was dark &amp; the light fitting was hanging off the ceiling!So we then ventured to to the bottom floor (in the cellar) to the double room...only to find that unless you slammed the door with great force, it didn't shut/lock properly! Then we noticed the smell...foisty &amp; damp, the bathroom had an arched ceiling &amp; again was really only fit for someone smaller than maybe 5'5&quot; - and the shower was as high as it would go at about 5'1&quot;!!I then sat on the bed to decide whether to complain about the damp smell &amp; realised that the bed covers were damp...so back up to reception. I was then given a key for room 2 - not an electronic key like the other rooms but an actual key, the receptionist led me out front to what I can only describe as an outhouse! Because of needing somewhere to stay I just accepted it as it wasn't damp. The bathroom was also again very very low and as my friend was 6ft 2&quot; he wasn't going to have a comfortable shower in any of the rooms!I then realised there was no kitchenette, wardrobe, microwave, tea/coffee facilities or for that matter anything else that was supposed to be in every room! But I had theatre tickets &amp; was in a rush to get out so couldn't do anything about it!When I got back there to sleep later on - I then couldn't sleep as there was a very loud whirring noise that I thought was coming from the radiator, so I turned it off at the switch only for the noise to continue all night long. So a crap room and a crap sleep was had by me!I was disgusted with the service I received &amp; the way the receptionist spoke to me.I would never recommend this hotel to anyone not even my worst enemy.Just AWFUL from start to finish.	
May 7 2008 	Staggering Levels of Awful	Myself and a colleague booked one-night's stay here whilst we attended a conference nearby. Given that we were on a budget, we booked - and confirmed - a twin room.So when we arrived and were shown a box-sized double room (and barely that, the double bed was tiny) somewhere in the depths of the basement, needless to say we were unimpressed.Thinking there had been a simple clerical error we attempted to find the source of the problem and get another room. Well...this is where simple bad communication and customer service became Fawlty Towers level ineptitude and bufoonery.We were informed that no other rooms were available and that, anyway, the hotel reserved the right to provide rooms for guests that were different from those booked and confirmed. When we tried to argue the point they just held the line that, despite confirming a twin room for us, they were perfectly within their rights to swap it for another without telling us if they wanted to do that.We checked out on the spot and were lucky enough to find a genuinely good hotel round the corner - one that provided a generous suite and superb breakfast (which we wouldn't have gotten at the York) for only £15 more than we had paid at the York.In conclusion - I would not recommend this hotel to ANYONE. Aside from being exceedingly cramped and failing to provide services they claim they do (there is no Internet access no matter what they tell you...) the staff display incredible levels of arrogance and stupidty when confronted about their total lack of service and inability to honour their promises!Avoid this awful place at all costs.	
May 7 2008 	Needless to say we didn't stay there any longer than 5 minutes...	Arriving before check-in we left our bags and double checked the room type - a twin for our business trip to Earl's Court. All confirmed until we turned up later, and after the person on reception had actually charged my card (without any mention of what was to come) we went into the basement to find a room about 1 ft each way larger than the DOUBLE bed in the room.Apparently this hotel reserves the right to change a twin to a double or vice versa. I presume depending on the whim of the reception.Following a small altercation I got my money refunded - popped into Starbucks, and booked a far superior hotel - Hotel Amsterdam, just around the corner. A far throw from the ineptitude of the York Hotel.Thank god we didn't have to stay at the York Hotel!!	
Apr 27 2008 	cheap and nasty..	Can't agree more with the other poor reviews. we booked a triple room but upon arriving this room was 'unavailable' and was instead given 2 double rooms for 3 of us in the basement. Whilst we trekked through the narrow winding corridors there is an awful smell of damp. One room was ok-ish, apart from holes in the wall, plaster/wallpaper falling off etc, but the other was so hot and stuffy and we had to request a fan to cool the room down ( the window couldn't be opened!) the bathroom doors are a joke, sliding, corrugated plastic doors that don't even close properly! the rooms were tiny, and nowhere to move! our tv had no reception/wasn't connected, the other tv had one foreign channel!only good thing was location to the tube station and the power shower which was only hot on the 2nd shower in the morning! Don't stay!!	
Mar 19 2008 	What A Dump	Found the hotel easy enough, literally just around the corner from Earls Court tube station.From the outside I thought it looked okay and once inside the reception area it looked ok.I stayed in room 12 on the ground floor almost in the reception area it was that close.Got into the room and I was well disappointed.You could tell it had once been a very large room that had been divided into 3 rooms.There was no room to swing a cat. You could not even walk around the bed. Inside the room was a desk that one would use to put their PC on, a tall cupboard with no hangers, and a mirror on the wall.Utensils: An extremely large kettle, one cup, one bowl, one glass and some cutlery, not very good if there are two of you!There was a TV on the wall that had two channels one in french one in spanish.The bathroom was an ok size but there were no towells and the shower desperately leaked.When I booked the hotel it said there was internet in the rooms which I needed for work, however when I asked they said there was no internet at the minute as they were sorting things out with a new provider, BUT I was welcome to use the one in the tiny reception area for £1 for fifteen minutes, work that one out?No breakfast either.Defo wont be staying there again.Cost for one night £55 for the room	
Feb 20 2008 	Terrible Hotel - Dirty - Stay Away	On my first trip to Europe I was scheduled to stay at the York hotel through Christmas. While the waiting area was small, it was kept up nice and the hotel seemed to be decent. However, once we opened the door to our room we discovered the lack of care and service this hotel provides. The rooms were smelled so foul that I doubt I would have gotten a wink of sleep. There were no towels, the in-room safe didn't work, and during our first five minutes in our room the maintenance man came to check to see if our heater worked! You would think they would have checked that prior to our arrival. The sheets were dirty and the entire room just felt dirty. After 45 minutes in the hotel room, my party of four searched for another available hotel, and we checked out. The hotel staff claimed that this is what was expected for a room at the price of 52 pounds, but at the very basic level, they should have provided a clean room. Avoid this hotel at all costs!!	
Jan 23 2008 	Absolutely To Avoid!!!	Very small room (impossible to stay for 2 people!), dirty. We had to stay in the underground floor.The bathroom (shower directly on the ground) has never been cleaned in 5 days. The only window of the room was locked and although we asked for the key to open it several times we did not get it. So we've been locked in for 5 days and the bathroom had no air out machine... The breakfast is served in your room and there is a little kitchnette (but the microwave owen didn't work): this means that at night you find in your refrigerator milk and a couple of orange juice, and that you have to wash the dishes yourself (without soap!). If you want to pay by credit card they charge you 5% of the total. The category should be * and not *** !	
Jan 20 2008 	See if I come here again	As our first choice hotel was fully booked for our dates of travel, we decided on this one, of similar price and in the same area, which is well known to us. We were a bit disappointed that it was more expensive than our first choice AND breakfast was not included, but not wanting to go to another altogether unfamiliar part of London, we took it anyway.The first impression was quite good: a nice, clean reception, professional-looking, though it soon became quite clear that one of the receptionists was new. Checkin went quite slow, also because her English wasn't all that clear, but you know, new job, we've all been there. And anyway, we were on holiday, so it's not like we were in a rush.The lift was not working, so we had to climb the stairs to our room on the second floor, where we encountered our first obstacle: the keycard didn't work. Well, it did eventually, but only after about 5,000 tries. We were a tad annoyed about that, but we let it go. Don't want to start complaining after 5 minutes of being here.The room, on first glance, looked okay. Very small, but being budget travellers, we're sort of used to that. We did notice on closer inspection that the plastic cover had fallen off the fire alarm, and that the front of the bath had come off exposing the wooden board behind.All the curtains were closed when we came in, and it being a rare sunny day in January, Di decided to open them and look out. Big mistake. As soon as she gave the curtain a pull, the rail came off the ceiling! The room being quite high, and we being quite short, we couldn't put it back up, so we told the receptionist &quot;the curtain has fallen down&quot; and she promised to have someone in to fix it for us. However, when we came back that evening after a visit to the theatre, it was to find that only the fire alarm had been fixed, but the curtain was still crumpled on the carpet as when we left. Clearly someone had been in, and I wonder how they could possibly have missed that.Anyway, it being quite late, we decided to leave it for the moment, even though our window turned out to be right in front of a street light so that we didn't sleep much.On our first morning in this hotel we woke up stiff and cold, because the blankets were really quite thin. When trying to make tea in the little kitchenette, we soon figured out that there was no power to the socket where we were supposed to plug the kettle in. We put the kettle on the nightstand and plugged it in there, where it did work. Also, we had to test the little cups of milk in the fridge in a glass of water first, as some were past their sell-by date.When we came back from a brilliant day in London, we found our curtain still on the floor, even though the maid had been in and must have noticed it as well. When Di wanted to go for a shower it turned out that our used (and still wet!) towels had simply been picked up off the floor and folded up again!So, yeah, not much good to be said about this place. The staff are very friendly even though they don't actually solve your problems, and try to be helpful with questions about London transport and so on. But if you want (more) value for your money, we do suggest trying your luck elsewhere. There are a lot more of these kinds of hotels in London that are cheaper and do offer you breakfast, and may even have rooms that don't fall apart.Janet &amp; Di	
Jan 7 2008 	WOW - Run Away Fast!!!	Planned on spending 4 days at the York during Christmas, but was truly shocked once we saw the rooms. Rooms were dirty, falling apart, smelled bad, and incredibly small. I can handle small, but when there are hairs in your bed, bugs stuck to the windows, and items falling off of the walls - it is a serious sign for concern. After 45 mins with the general manager, we left the York to check into a much nicer, and cleaner, hotel. We said there were hairs in our blankets and sheets and the manager offered to change them for us. Weren't they supposed to be changed before we got there?? Plus, I have heard that they have raised their rates from the 52 pounds we booked at.... I have stayed in at 20 rooms all over Europe and have never, never seen anything this bad before. If you have reservations, seroiusly consider something else.... its not too late!!!	
Jan 3 2008	Wouldn't stay again	We were quite disappointed after reading some good reviews here. The sizes of our rooms used as singles rooms were ok - small but sufficient. Would have been much too small for a couple though. The rooms were clean only at first sight - a lot of dust and some of the dishes and cutlery provided were still dirty. The staff were completely helpless with any problems occurring - they weren't even able to issue receipts for our payments. The worst thing was though that the heating failed (it was December and quite cold) and nothing could be done about it until January!!! My friend got quite ill afterwards because of the freezing cold and had to leave earlier than planned. Although the hotel has been very cheap for London we certainly wouldn't stay there again!	
Nov 8 2007	new managemnt	I stayed at the york house what a wonderful and quiet place setting in central london located very close to the earls court warwick road entrance, and exhibition halls! the staff have been changed thank god the prevoius owners were rude and unhelpful, they are modifing the place but i really enjoyed it there and would recoomend anyone great atmosphere great location	
Oct 29 2007 	great place	I stayed@ the york house hotelit has finally been taken ove by a group that also owns more apart hotels and takes care of their customers, the customer service is fantastic always helpful ive been told since the hotel changed hands on oct 15th that it will be having many upgrades, right now u can cook in the rooms this is amazing u truely feel u are in a place from home to home!! this place has been truely undersold in every aspect before these people took over , I recommend this place for anyone to stay for 1weeks or even months, The new managment cannot do enough for you and I feel that if trip advisor readers read this these guys should be recommended for an award in customer service!!! They tell me that the breakfast shall be improoved greatly and that the fact that they shall introduce a limo service for and during peoples stay, if you feel that u do not wish to cook then they will arrange a chef for an extra price to cook for you!!! I have never seen this in even the most luxury of hotels, I give these new guys 10/10! Steve B	
Sep 18 2007	A total Shocker! Only hotel I have ever walked out of!	The Hotel from hell! Definitely one to be avoided! Filthy dirty, dirty bed linen, dirty carpets, dirty walls. Single lift in hotel was not working. Room was full of flies and other insects. I am well travelled and have stayed at more than 400 hotels around the world. I booked for 4 nights and stayed for one, only because it was too late to get another holel that night (although I tried for 3 hours to find one!) Hotel is not worthy of one star!	
Sep 18 2007	Handicapped	Every year in the last week of January we, my wife and I, visit the Toy Fair in London, being a family board games collector the annual Toy Fair at ExCel is a must. A couple of years we found out that my wife suffers from Multiple Sclerosis and has problems with her balance. She now uses a so called “rollator” i.e. a walking aid on wheels, not a wheelchair.For our purpose we were looking for a hotel suitable for handicapped people. To store the medication for my wife the hotel had to have a private fridge as well. In the available Dutch brochures the only one we found was York Hotel. The hotel is situated in our favourite area, Earl’s Court, shops, restaurants and the busstops nearby. (I mention busstops specificly, despite the fact that Earl’s Court Underground Station is wheelchair-friendly - I checked it personnally - and as long as not every Underground Station is wheelchair-friendly, we’ll use the busses. After all, what we do have is time, but this aside). We stayed there from January 24th untill January 28th 2006.The first hurdle a handicapped person faces is the hotel entrance. Always stairs, 4, 5 or more steps to get to the entrance doors. The entrance of York Hotel is excellent. The distance from the fence to the hotel entrance is about 4 yards. The distance is covered by platforms, every platform is large, what’s more, large enough for a wheelchair. Every next platform is raised about 5 inches, so getting into the hotel is a piece of cake. The only minus point is that the platforms are very smooth, they could be slippery when they are wet. One has to be cautious.The receptionists we spoke to were all very kind and helpful, and so was the other staff. We were given room no. 15, ground level. A large room divided in two parts; a bathroom and a “living” room. At first glance the room is suitable for handicapped people, but looking at it with a critical eye you see a lot of shortcomings, as if it’s done in a slapdash way; Yes, there is a spacious bathroom, a very good shower and a toilet especially equipped for handicapped people. No complaints on this front. On the other hand, the drain cover is about an inch below the shower floor, this is dangerous. When you by accident step on the edge of the draincover you easily can lose your balance and fall. Yes, the bathroom is provided with a red emergency cord, but when you slip and fall in the bathroom and you can’t stand up again you won’t be able to reach the emergency cord: it’s situated in the wrong place, and it’s too short. It should not hang down from a wall, but cover all the walls in a horizontal way about a foot from the floor. We notified the staff about the shortcomings but nothing was done about it.The “livingroom” itself is not very large. Rather small actually. Bed on one side, wardrobe and kitchenette on the opposite side and a very small path in between. The fridge in the kichenette met our requirements. There is just enough room left to store your luggage (including our rollator). There is no room available underneath the bed to store luggage. This space is taken by a massive wooden box. The bed is too small for two people to be comfortable. The small path is not level with the floor. Halfway it’s a little elevated. When you are not aware of this you might fall. There is no room to fall forward or backwards, only sideways. You’ll get stuck between the massive wooden box underneath the bed and the wardrobe/kitchenette/fridge unit. To get up again you must be a contorsionist. In this room a handicapped person cannot be left alone! You will find a flat screen TV on the wall. A deposit must be paid in advance for the remote control. Only a few channels could be found. We informed the management about this, but nothing was done about it. (Where did I read all this before?) A ventilator completes the furniture.The breakfast restaurant is situated in the basement. An elevator takes you there. Standard is a simple continental breakfast, extra charge for a full English breakfast. We had fried and/or scrambled eggs, sausages daily, and toast, jam, milk, orange juice, coffee and/or tea as much as we liked. A full stomach to start the day.Reading the latest reviews from the beginning of 2007 I am afraid that nothing has been changed to the better. York Hotel is not mentioned anymore in the Dutch 2007/2008 winter brochures. My travelagent and I are searching the internet for an other hotel that meets our requirements, but no luck so far. Written by Peter Foks, Scheveningen, The Netherlands	
Sep 11 2007 	Refurbished???	Stayed at this hotel for three nights in early September. Just when I think I have stayed in the smallest hotel room in London, I get room #26 at the York Hotel. Here is the good and the bad. (Note way more bad than good!)The Good:1) Both front desk attendants were very pleasant.2) Lots of hot water from the shower.3) Great location as far as being very close to a Tube.4) Room and bathroom was very clean and housekeeping left clean towels every day.5) Fridge and fan in room in room.The Bad:1) Smallest room EVER.2) Smallest bathroom EVER. Bathroom had no real door, had three steep steps leading down to it.3) Hotel had funny smell.4) Tube line runs under hotel, is loud and shakes the hotel. I was on 2nd floor and heard and felt it, the basement rooms must be awful.5) All bulbs in room burned out except for one.6) Bed sloped to one side, always felt like I was going to fall out.7) TV only had one channel in English.8) Toilet seat and paper holder broken.9) Walls/ceiling cracked, paint peeling off.10) Breakfast was corn flakes, warm milk and juice and hard boiled eggs.The cosmetic things aren't too important, but if you get room #26 (a single that is &quot;between floors&quot;) just say NO! That bathroom was a hazard!!! Would not stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Absolutely disgraceful!	We booked this from Melbourne on the internet. It was a sham. The reception area personnel were RUDE and did not even welcome us, just handed a key. Our room was DISGRACEFUL. We are both tall people - the mattress was on the floor in a room where you could not swing a cat let alone put two suitcases in. Our curtain had cigarette burns in it; the bathroom (is that what they called it??) was a tiny basin and shower that you had to move the shower screen to use the toilet. The toilet was dirty. The room had not been vacuumed (nor any other day) and it smelt. As for borrowing an iron and ironing board - charged to borrow both! (As if anyone could steal them - would be good going through Customs with an iron and ironing board). The breakfast is not how they advertise &quot;big breakfast room area..&quot; - lucky if could get ten people in there. Very basic. The internet at reception - charged to use and then find that it shuts you down before you can send! Reception personnel either sat playing on the computer or smoking outside. Never heard the phone ring once. As I was typing on the charged internet - I heard many people complaining at reception about various things. They just did not care. If I had not paid in full for three days we would have left. Very unhelpful with directions, very rude and could not care less attitude. The worst place my husband and I have stayed. Great location - that's it. Plenty of other really nice establishments in the area bit further down the road near all the restaurants, shops etc. Other people we met at breakfast also said would never recommend or stay again. We have reported them to the WOTIF site where we booked originally. DON'T GO HERE. Dot, Melbourne, Australia	
Sep 3 2007 	Great value for money	I was very impressed with this hotel. The staff are all very friendly and the double en-suite room we stayed in was clean and had everything we expected.I found the bed to be comfy and was impressed to see a fridge and safe in the room.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and have already been back a few times!	
Aug 26 2007 	Might try again.	The room was small, but clean. i was not happy with the washroom. the showerhead did not work. staff was pleasant and breakfast was very basic. Television channels were a big disappointment. Not a great deal of choice. Loved the fact that it was close to the tube and location was central.	
Aug 25 2007 	A great base while in London	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The hotel is situated in Earls Court in London, a really nice suburb. It is easy to get to from Heathrow airport on the Piccadilly line and provides a great base for sight seeing in London, as Earls Court is quite centrally located.We found the hotel clean and up to standard. Its probably one of the cheapest London hotels you will find advertised on the internet.The rooms are very small, and the double bed is a very tight squeeze for two people. There was also nowhere to stow suit cases, other than on the floor in the small walkway. The bathroom is equally tiny, but does the job. This is typical of cheap, European hotels though.The tv didnt work properly, which was annoying. I alerted reception to this on the first day we were there, and nothing was done about it. Grr.They also advertise free wifi in the rooms. This wouldnt work for me which was also very annoying. (There was no issue with my laptop as I use wifi in most hotels I stay at.)The included breakfast was good here. Eggs, toast, cereal, fruit juice and coffee.	
Jul 30 2007 	Would advise any traveller Against staying here	This hotel is rated a 3 star but it is is barely the standard of a 1.5 star. The staff are unhelpful and rude. Rooms are the size of a cubbyhole. We paid for a triple room that was barely the size of a 1.5 room at any other 3 star hotel such as Hilton. Cost was same as the Hilton but level of service and comfort was way below expectations and hotel rating.The services are highly misrepresented by the Hotel. A complimentary breakfast includes a very lean fare and very little choice in items.The rooms are tiny, bathroom size can barely fit an average person (5'6&quot; and 135lbs). Bedside lamps did not work, there is no air-conditioning and one small fan ( a foot in size) to compensate. No bath mats are provided and shower had drainage problems.There was a deposit to use the iron ( 5 pounds) and of course no ironing board. The hotel boasts internet service, but cable was deliberately unplugged.When requesting a taxi service, be careful. Apparently the hotel works with a private company that charges exhorbitant prices, higher than quoted by the hotel. Cars do not have taxi meters and the driver was just as rude as the hotel staff.Good luck if you are looking for a comfortable room and amenities and friendly staff. This hotel apparently has no concept of either.	
Jul 17 2007	Sleeping in a closet...	Honestly I would not recommend this hotel. For the price, it was not worth it. The room was the size of a closet, and it smelt terrible. The bathroom did not have a “shower” but a shower head and a drain on the floor… the bathroom did not have an actual door, just a plastic sliding door. Cute thing about the room was the little kitchenette. For location, there are plenty more of hotels closer to Earls Court. I would try one of those. But Earls court is a good spot to be a bit out of London.	
May 9 2007 	Good Experience	We have just returned from York Hotel, Really it was nice experience and here are my comments on the hotel: Positives:-Good Location &quot;Earl's Court&quot; not a noisy street &amp; near the underground station 200 m maximum.-Near &quot;Tesco's&quot; super market 150 m so you can do light shopping. -Nice breakfast, although there is no variety but tasty &amp; clean.-Friendly reception staff.-Clean-Deserves its cost-High quality 3 stars hotelNegatives:-Small Rooms &amp; Bathrooms-Small corridors-Very hot in summer – no air conditions – except in the breakfast room.-They provide you with clean sheets every two days but they don't change it for you!But as a summary in my coming trips to London I will stay at this hotel.As we had a very bad experience in another hotel named&quot; City Hotel&quot; at Aldgate East where we paid double the price and the hotel was very bad one , poor in the location &amp; not clean nor well furnished.	
Apr 28 2007 	Just OK	This place is OK, nothing special. Rooms are tiny and claustrophobic but they have a safe, microwave and sink which is nice. Bathrooms are tiny as well but have obviously been refurbished to a quite high standard with a decent sized shower. Having said that there wasn't really enough room for using the toilet, so beware of that if you are 6foot+ like me. Decent flat screen TV, unfortunately the reception isn't great on all channels and there was no remote. (From reading other reviews you are meant to give a deposit for the remote but no-one told me). You do get Film Four though which often has decent movies on. Breakfast was just OK (7:30 start)- just cornflakes, toast and boiled eggs. Again the dining room is very small and neat. The bathroom light was unturnoffable. I paid £41 a night for a single room; I'd give it 2.5 stars if that were an option.	
Apr 24 2007 	Very Small but good for the price	Room was tiny but it did have a kitchenette and a fridge. Twin bed seemed smaller than normal. The bed had just a fleece throw for a covering but that was OK due to the warm weather. Bathroom was also tiny and hard to move around in but it was new and clean. The location was ideal, just one or two blocks from a tube station. Philbeach Gardens is a very quiet road. Breakfast was very basic. Cereal, boiled eggs, toast. juice, coffee that was about it. Staff was very nice though. Elevator can only accomodate about two people with luggage.	
Apr 17 2007 	Unacceptable for that price	I booked this hotel on the Internet after reading good comments on this site, but I was really disappointed.The hotel was unacceptable for the price: 60,5 GBP for a tiny basic twin room. The owners should be ashamed. The twin room was very small, we expected it, but the problems were with toilette and shower cabin that were so tiny that you couldn't use it properly.Very basic breakfast was served in a small stuffy room.5 pounds were taken for keeping luggage in the breakfast room on departure day!!?? Then these weird deposit taking procedures: 5 pounds for adapter, 10 pounds for remote control, etc, etc. I paid 242 pounds for 4 nights, but back home I found that the hotel had withdrawn another 60 GBP from my account!!! With difficulties I managed to get the e- mail address to send the inquiry. Learned from the response, that it was the hotel's pre-authorizing policy!!!??? it's the first time for me to face such kind of policy though I have travelled a lot.Yes, London was great with its history and beauty and it's a pity that such greediness left a lousy impression at the end.	
Apr 6 2007	Excellent and top value for money	I stayed here for two nights as my house in London was being refurbished and was overdue. I therefore needed a base to get into work from. It was only £29 a night and the receptionist was exceptionally friendly and courteous and gave a me a large twin room for the price. The room was fine, slept like a log, had LCD TV, mini-kitchen in which I could cook and a pretty bathroom. It was also cleaned every day and the temperature was fine. Breakfast was sparse but I never have breakfast anyway! At £30 a night in London I was expecting to live in a dump but quite the opposite. This place really did feel like I had moved into my own apartment. The previous week I had stayed in a hotel in Queensway that cost three times as much and was nowhere near as nice. I would highly recommend this to al lmy friends who visit London from nowon.	
Apr 6 2007 	Fantastic Hotel by London Standards	I stayed in this hotel on Feb 16 2007 and was very impressed. The room (single) was tiny and situated half-way up the staircase - rather curiously. The bathroom was situated a couple of stairs beneath the bedroom. Kitchen facilities were included in the room. The internet facility in reception was of high quality and reasonable price. The room was quiet and clean. Breakfast was included, but a bit ordinary - good enough though.For a budget hotel I didn't mind all of this at all. The receptionist allowed me to store my luggage on the basement floor. I was a bit worried about this as people were staying on that level, but I had no problems (neither did anyone else from what I saw).The location was excellent - literally a five minute walk from Earl's Court station on the right-hand side on the way to the city.I will definitely stay here again if I'm ever back in London.	
Jan 28 2007	Great Location Great Value	I decided to stay at The York Hotel in London, England after reading other reviews on this site. The price was also right for an, ahem, &quot;thrifty&quot; traveller such as myself. Located on a peaceful crescent, The York Hotel offers great value and a great location - the first day we arrived, we walked to Harrods which was a short walk from Buckingham Palace which was a short walk to where the rest of the action is in London. I definitely earned my &quot;I Walked All Over London&quot; t-shirt. It is also one block away from a 24-hour Tesco, which puts good use to the in-room kitchen (small, but a major, MAJOR plus); fridge/freezer, sink, microwave, toaster, etc. are all included. The rooms are quite small. The twin beds seemed smaller than the ones in North America (and could really, really use an additional blanket...my travelling companion nearly froze each night as his bed was adjacent to the window which was letting a draft in). Despite this, my only real complaint (and the reason I can't give this hotel 5 stars) is in regards to the washroom - it was a tiny room with a toilet, sink and shower with NO enclosure (i.e. when taking a shower, the water would drown out the entire floor of the washroom area. We had to turn the water off every 30 seconds to let the water work it's way down the drain lest we flooded the room). Staff was very welcoming and accomodating (5 stars all around for them) and the breakfast was a good start to the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and I plan on staying there in the future again myself.	
Jan 25 2007 	Good clean value for money hotel	This was in a very quiet road near the exhibition centre and two mins from the tube. The room was small but well decorated. Bed linen was clean with sheets, blankets and quilt cover- there were extra pillows in the wardrobe. The bathroom was tiny - no bath, but the shower was hot and worked well. Towels were clean. The toilet seat was broken though and also the glass shelf in the bathroom which we only realised when I had put all my things out and they went sliding to the floor! Had nice TV and we were amazed to find tea, coffee, fridge, toaster, microwave and hot plate all tucked away in the corner. £5 deposit to borrow the iron. Breakfast was fresh juice, boiled eggs, some tired looking cheese, toast and jam. We were happy with this hotel and for the price (£45 for two per night) we would stay again.	
Jan 10 2007 	good value with nice extras	I sayed in this hotel with friends while seeing a concert at earls court. its in a great location only a couple of minutes walk from the arena and underground yet in a quiet side street. its 5/10 mins walk from the main shopping street with everything you need from mcdonalds to internet cafes etc. The first night i stayed in a single room which turned out to be a twin. it was a good size with a nice clean bathroom that has a full size bath in it. flat screen tv and heating. the really good thing that set it apart from other B&amp;Bs was the mini kitchen that you had in your room.microwave, kettle,toaster and a stove all in a compact area. i paid £35 for the single which was a great price considering i had paid £30 for a flea pit in notting hill the year before. the next day i moved into a triple room.this room was very small and just had a shower but it did its job and only cost £19 a night. breakfast was basic standard toast ceral etc but it was served in a very hot basment room. i tended not to bother with breafast as there were many cafes on the main road.the only downside with the hotel was the fact the hotel seemed very hot and inturn there was abit of a smell that came with it. probably the heat and the probable damp that all the buidings most likely suffer from. but it certainly wasnt bad to the point where you would want to leave. with such things after abit you got used to it and you didnt smell it much after that.other than that the hotel was clean and modern and if im going to any event at Earls court again id have no problem at all staying there as the prices are very good compaired to many hotels in London.	
Jan 5 2007 	Comfortable Budget Hotel	My husband and I stayed in the York Hotel for five days in the week before Christmas and found the hotel to be comfortable and well-managed. We have stayed in many budget hotels in the UK and around the world, so have a good idea of what is value for money and what to expect from hotels in this price range. We booked on Wotif and paid an average of £50 for a double room and then emailed the hotel directly to request a non-basement room. This is a very good price for London during the holiday season, especially considering what we got for the price. We had a smallish room overlooking the quiet residential street on the second floor. We still had plenty of room for luggage. The room had a double bed, a desk and chair, a doorless cupboard to hang clothes, a small flat screen TV, wall-mounted fan and a kitchenette with cutlery, plates, saucepans and a kettle, toaster, microwave, sink, element and fridge. This was very convenient as there are a number of supermarkets nearby. We had a full bath in the bathroom with an overhead shower with good water pressure. The room was very warm, even though the outside temperature was freezing! Usually we only had to turn the radiator on for a short time. Breakfast was adequate - cornflakes, toast, eggs, cheese. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Earl's Court Tube is only a few minutes walk away and is on a number of tourist-friendly lines, including Piccadilly which gets you straight out to the airport. We would stay here again.	
Dec 3 2006 	Never a Double Room or "Refurbished to a HIGH standard"!!	This hotel was advertised as &quot;Recently refurbished to a high standard&quot; We wondered if recently meant within 5 years!! The so called double room wasn't big enough to swing a cat &amp; was very cramped. The ouside of the hotel &amp; reception looked smart enough, but the rooms were awful. We asked if we could move to an alternative room &amp; we were told that they were all the same!! The double bed was very cramped &amp; uncomfortable, we felt that it should have been advertised as a single room NOT a double!!	
Nov 29 2006 	Bubbled Paint!	Basic but clean hotel,stayed 3 nights only problem was on the last night- we were on the bottom floor and somehow the whole room became saturated with water- the paint bubbled from the water and we werent able to use the powerpoints because of the water running down the wall- they started hissing and spittingApart from the water it was a clean, basic hotel.	
Nov 29 2006 	OK hotel with lots of small problems	Just came back from the hotel and it's nothing like the pictures say. Very cheap, but you could still expect some service, if you pay 52 pounds/night.DOWNSIDES:- poor renovation done (for example our room had one big closet, which had paint and other stuff in it, spot-lamps hanging from the ceiling, poor overall finishing)- personnel very arrogant (our complaint about microwave not working, they didn't do anything for 4 days -&gt; why should I have to use restaurant microwave if I have paid for a &quot;kitchenette&quot;)- you can hear and feel the underground but didn't disturb because we were tired after all day shopping...- plasma-satellite-tv means couple of channels from 14 inch LCD- you could expect to have clean dishes in the room when you arrive- there was a hole in the window, size of a thumb. We repaired it by ourselves with a tape, because I think they would have done nothing- there was some problems to fit in the toilet (see pictures), maybe couple of inches both side- no info in the hotel website about 3 % extra charge if you don't pay with debitcard or cash (they accept Visa etc. but have to pay 3 % more)GOOD SIDES:+ breakfast was excellent, it was all we wanted!+ location for underground users superb, nice connection to couple of lines (3 minutes walk to the station)+ clean, new towels every day+ shower was nice, good water pressure and temperatureOVERALL:OK hotel with problems. Wouldn't go there again, unless all the other hotels were 20 pounds more expensive. I would even think going to the healthazard Regent Palace instead of this hotel, maybe it's 50/50-chance...	
Nov 15 2006 	Just OK wouldn't stay here again!	I booked this hotel because I couldn't get a Travelodge room for the nights I required. It was an OK hotel, but imho not as good as the Travelodge brand, which you can get much cheaper. The problems I encountered were:1. Broken toilet seat2: Bathroom sink leaked when in use, water ending up around my feet3. Bathroon Shelf missing and just 2 screws left in wall where it once was4. No iron or ironing board in room as promised5. Satellite TV could only pick up 3-4 channels (no BBC2, C4 or Five)6. TV remote control has to be collected from reception and deposit left7. I was in a double room, but it's sooo smallAs I said, this is an OK hotel, but there are a good few problems, and I wouldn't stay here again.	
Nov 9 2006 	As others have said it's an O K hotel	As others have said previously that this is an OK budget hotel. It's defintely not a three star hotel. My room was located in the basement. The room was clean. That's my main concern. I only use the room for sleep and shower when I'm out of town. Problems I had. They have free wireless internet access. But you only get a steady signal on the second floor. Since I was in the basement I had to sit in a chair on the second floor to upload my pictures to the internet. There was NO clock in the room!! I thought this was suppose to be standard in ALL hotels. When I asked about one, the lady looked at me like I was crazy. Customer service was fine with a couple of the front attendents. One attendent was brash and cold. The heat didn't work in my room. The thermostat didn't work. Fortunately it wasn't too cold in London this time.  From the basement I could hear the Tube roaring by constantly. Not sure how this is on the other floors. I could pick up only a very few tv stations. No satellite. The in room safe was not even set up to use. They were very stingy with the towels. When I asked for more, the lady told me they didn't have any. Bottom line, it was OK. I lived through most of those issues.	
Oct 31 2006 	It was great!		
Oct 2 2006 	horrible		
Sep 27 2006 	Great bargin!		
Sep 23 2006	a good bargain!		
Sep 19 2006 	How sad!		
Sep 19 2006 	Cheap and cheerful		
Sep 1 2006	cheap but very cheerful		
Aug 29 2006 	Great little hotel		
Aug 5 2006 	Great value clean quiet 		
Jul 17 2006	Convenient but Small		
Nov 26 2009 	Bello Pulito Conveniente per il trasporto		
Nov 5 2009 	Son unos Guarros!		
Oct 6 2009 	Floh Verseuchtes Dreckloch! Nie wieder!		
Sep 26 2009 	¡¡¡¡¡¡ Chinches chinches y más chinchessss!!!!		
Aug 17 2009 	Una cuccia per cani dotata anche di cimici		
Aug 16 2009 	Orribile mai piu'		
Mar 10 2009 	Peggio di così la trincea.......		
Jan 4 2009 	Un bon rapport qualité-prix		
Sep 11 2008 	Für 1-2 Nächste ok		
Aug 21 2008 	accettabile e pulito		
Feb 4 2008 	Che schifo il York Hotel!!!!		
Dec 31 2007 	manque d'entretien		
Dec 26 2007 	à eviter en hiver!		
Sep 18 2007 	Ich kann es empfehlen jedoch für Alleinreisende!		
Jun 2 2007 	fitforfunrun		
Jan 18 2007	Bon rapport qualité / prix		
