Nov 21 2009 	Excellent hotel; modern and clean. Very friendly staff.	I planned a last minute city break to London with my sister. I booked this hotel less than 2 weeks prior to our trip. It cost £120 per night for the room which was excellent value given the standard of the hotel and the location. It was much better in reality and the photographs I had looked at previously didn't really do it justice. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready so we left our bags. Emeric was on the door and he was most friendly. He was on the door for the duration of our stay and on every occasion went out of his way to welcome us back or to provide us with directions when we were leaving. Our room was lovely. It was very modern and clean. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel deciding to do a bit of shopping first before stopping for breakfast so I cannot comment on the restaurant facilities. Location was perfect. It was about a 3 minute walk from Baker Street Tube Station and within walking distance of Oxford Street. However the street were the actual hotel was located was quiet and very pleasant.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would have no hestiation in going back there again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel - Highly Recommended!	Found Ten Manchester Street via a good deal on lastminute and stayed one night on business. As it's a newly opened hotel they probably don't have full bookings yet hence the good deals still available. I imagine that when the occupancy increases so will the charges...and quite significantly!Ten Manchester Street is best described as a small, exclusive boutique hotel and it's been finished to a very high standard. Excellent and friendly staff who really can't do enough for you...it's like being in your own private Gentlemens club! 5 minute walk to Oxford Street so also an ideal location for a shopping weekend. Nearest Tube station is Baker Street, again about 5 minutes away. Hotel is set in a quiet residential area away from all the hustle and bustle.We didn't eat in the hotel but the dining area and menu looked excellent! Lovely outdoor cigar terrace for a nice relax at the end of the day! Only compliants were the lift, it takes forever and the free wi-fi not being password protected. They probably have half of West London all using their connection which caused it to be so SLOW!Highly recommend Ten Manchester Street and will look to stay again next time I'm in London!	
Nov 19 2009 	A Fantastic Classic London Experience	The staff really made this fabulous hotel. The manager Suzie was a model of grace and charm. They are lucky to have her. No ten is brand new and they are still ironing out a few creases. The bed was the most cozy and comfortable I have ever slept in. They are using these amazing mattress toppers. The location was fantastic, great shops, restaurants, London at your feet. Try Hardy's traditional English resturant near by, it has the best traditional English food I have ever tasted. The Lebanese restaurant close by has won lots of awards and the food is delicious also. Our suite at no 10 was large and luxurious. I can highly recommend it.	
Nov 10 2009 	Just opened few teething problems but suspect it will be great	Stayed here the first week it was open. The room was lovely if a little compact but hot unusual for London. As everything was brand new it was spotlessly clean. Nice bathroom with good ameneties. Price was very good for room quality. Few teething problems with TV not being tuned / aeriel connected and a pillow case missing. But once this is sorted I think it will be great.Best bit is outdoor heated area for drinks.	
Nov 6 2009 	Lovely hotel great location very welcoming!	Stayed for a birthday weekend treat and were kindly upgraded to a suite! Brilliant room - all newly furnished. Quiet location and excellent service. Manager (Suzi) very welcoming. Like other commentators we agree that it does feel like a private club. Didn't try breakfast but will do so on our next visit - which is in fact in a couple of weekends time. Intend to use this as our regular place as we were so impressed! We have stayed in a lot of London hotels so that says a lot!	
Nov 4 2009 	We want to come back	What a beautiful hotel. From the moment you walk up the inviting stairway to the glorious foyer and smiling staff; you feel welcome.The room was sexy, yet warm and very chic! Great design.Food was great, I want the recipe for both dishes we enjoyed.Stroll to central London shopping, heaven! Definitely looking forward to returning soon. Thank you!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	stay away its all mine!!!	We decided to make a shopping trip to London and were looking for somewhere very close to Oxford Street and stumbled on this absolute gem.5 mins from Selfridges but a million miles away from all the hustle and bustle.Recently refurbished, this beautiful hotel has all advantages of a modern hotel but made us feel like a member of the family. Large Plasma TV's, (we had an upgrade and the room had 2!) large shower heads, beds to die for. The staff were happy, smiling and always on hand to help.I didn't want to leave, but the nespresso machine in the room meant I had to go for a walk. We will be back!	
Oct 30 2009 	Great new hotel	I stayed at Ten as my usual local favourite was fully booked. This was a real find in a peaceful location, and had only just opened a few weeks ago. Rooms were extremely well furnished with aircon and bathrooms were fabulous with huge walk in showers. It really felt more like staying in a private club than a hotel, particularly with the cigar terrace to the rear and very intimate bar / restaurant. Food was good although service could have been a little slicker - am sure this will come with practice!! All staff were extremely friendly and willing to please. I will certainly be back. Many thanks.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Hidden Gem in London - recently re-opened	I decided to try this hotel after learning of its recent reopening after refurbishment. Not only is it perfectly located in Marylebone it has been done to an exceptional standard and fantastic value for money. The rooms were exceptionally well presented and one of the most comfortable nights sleep I have had in a while. I didn't need have dinner as I was dining locally, however I bought my guests back for a night cap on the cigar terrace they have created, which is a very comfortable warm space, where we enjoyed 5 star service and one of my party tried a Cohiba Robustos cigar from their well stocked humidor.I am delighted to have found a new home in London and would recommend to anyone visiting on business or pleasure.	
