	A (fairly poor) place to put your head down and not much more	Not a very nice place. Room v.small, decoration not finished (and looked like it had been that way for a while ) damp on walls, quite loud as it was in the basement and you could hear people walking above etc. Also, electricty trip switch went off about 10 times while i was there. Very annoying. It was also a building site while i was there, they were doing some refurb work to the interior.Saying that, i'm not too fussy about luxuries etc so it was a roof over the head and did me for a couple of nights	
Nov 13 2009 	STAY AWAY! BOOK AT YOUR OWN RISK!	This hotel was horrible! The man (or men as there was several of them) that worked/owned the hotel were rude and mean, they all spoke to each other in a different language while you were in the same room and it was very unnerving.I came with my young sister to go to the New Moon UK fan event that we had won tickets too and this hotel ruined the night for us. We were even too scared to return there after the event! On arriving we were told our hotel room was not ready, this is when the guy in the smelly dark basement room (his office) told us he would order a taxi for us, we then waited for our taxi outside and after 20 mins a normal car pulled up and said he would be picking us up! But before he drove off he ran inside and talked to the owner of the hotel, it turned out it was his friend! We were quoted £9 by a black cab for this journey, but when we arrived at the event the driver turned around and asked for £25!! Con-Artist!!The room we stayed in was a double en-suite and it was what I would describe as a poo hole, the toilet leaked, there was cracks in the wall, it smelled and had a filthy carpet! The owner also thought it would be a good idea to hoover outside our room at 7.00 in the morning (lucky we had got up a hour before to get the heck out of there asap).the owner then grunted what sounded like a goodbye and we hurried away from the worst hotel Ive ever stayed in. London and fan event was great, but the Chester Hotel was the work of the devil.	
Oct 15 2009 	Horrible Hotel	Reception in dark and dingy basement.Wires exposed from sockets.Window would not shut.Sink was not attached to wall securely, and tap wobbled.Dirty bed linen, thin duvet, no blanket and was cold.Very uncomfortable bed, and no headboard.Carpet stained. Rubbish dump for a back yard. I did not have an en suite room, and the trek to bathroom was ridiculously long, and when I found it, it was dirty and smelly. Construction work going on, and in places nothing between you and the disgusting yard on the second floor other than a piece of clear plastic, plus there are different floor levels where I tripped, no carpet, or frayed carpet, narrow and un even staircases, no fire exits. They should be paying people to stay there, not the other way around.	
Jul 30 2009 	Worst Place on the Planet	My mother stayed in this hotel when she came to visit me in London. It's close to my flat, it was a last minute booking and unfortunately we picked this money-saving piece of garbage. There was heavy rain the day before and because of this my mother was put into a room with lights hanging from long wires from the cieling. We were told this would be fixed that night....two days later.....they had not fixed it and the hotel toilet, across from my mothers room, was taped off and the strong smell of sewage had leaked into her room. They finally moved her. She was also given a hair dryer that broke immediately after using once. This can't really be considered a hotel because it's more like a bed and breakfast without any breakfast. It's a renovated house that's old, smelly, and dark. The rooms are small, the staff (for the most part) are rude, and there are no positives at all, besides the location. When I say rude staff it is due to the receptionist (older man) who glared at us for five minutes without speaking after we had asked a question about our room..we then just left the office feeling intimidated and angry. And when writing a complaint to the hotel and the booking agency we used the hotel responsed in a horribly rude way, not taking responsibility for ANYTHING, and blaming my mother for being difficult. So, let me ask you this. If you came to holiday in London and was given a room without main lights, dangling wires, a smelly bathroom across from you, and rude employees would you want your money back??? would you be upset?? Because I think that would be a pretty standard reaction.....	
Jun 3 2009 	Did it's job :)	We chose the Chester Hotel for it's location, as we were only staying one night, but needed somewhere inexpensive and close to the Tube. Check in was quick, and we were given a room key and a front door key, as we would be out late, and told which floor our room was on. The room was very basic, with a bed, TV and kettle, but clean, and we were given a free upgrade on check in, so we had an en-suite rather than a shared bathroom. The taps and shower were not that great, but served their purpose, and bed was very comfy. As the room was really just somewhere to change, shower and sleep after a night out DJing in town, we cannot really complain. We checked out at 8.30am, but were not given any details regarding breakfast on check in. When checking out we were told to just leave our keys by the door, which was lucky as there were no staff around.All in all, for one nights stay, the Chester Hotel sufficed, but probably would not stay there unless we would only be there from 3am until 8.30am again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Comfortable and Nicely Furnished	I recently went to Chester Hotel in London and I was extremely worried about all the bad reviews it was getting by other people. However, when me and my cousin arrived, we were greeted nicely by the staff and shown to our room. When we got to the room, it was colourfully furnished and the beds were comfortable. The ensuite bathroom was a bit small but I didn't complain. It was perfect for our 3 days. I was a bit dissappointed that there was no breakfast in the morning, and if there was, we were not told were it was in the building. But all in all, it was a pleasent experience and it was nicely situated in Victoria. Nice for a few days away with a few friends.	
Mar 5 2009 	Pay more to stay elsewhere nearby seriously!	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Chester due to the great location near Wicked and the Victoria line. Don't make the same mistake unless you're just staying one night and don't need to shower. There are plenty of other hotels in the area. The rooms are newly painted, but they haven't been dusted in a while. The chandeliers are turning gray because of the accumulated dust. The toilet was cleaned daily and seemed sanitary. The shower pressure was abysmal. I could get more volume and pressure by pouring a bottle of water over myself. It was slightly more than a drip. The lock on the hollow-core door to the room was nearly detached. It was only held on by 2 screws...not the most secure feeling. When it rained, as it sometimes does in London, the ceiling began leaking over the TV &amp; electrical outlets. Luckily, the dirty water heater came in handy. I used the pitcher to catch over 2 inches of raindrops overnight. But yes, the location is great. The Ale &amp; Thai food in the pub across the street were top notch.	
Feb 18 2009 	Unpleasantly vile!	We went down to London for a night to see a show on the West End and OMG did this hotel ruin it! Working in a Hotel myself I know what to expect from different types of hotels/sectors and i can honestly say this is not budget or B&amp;B i wouldn't even class it as a hostel. Its more of a grumpy old mans house, who can't make rent, so has gone down to the local second hand shop picked up a few grotty sheets thrown them in a room and put a lock on the door! We arrived at the hotel 2 hours before check-in and pressing the buzzer a man asks what we want, we reply checking in so he says &quot;go away your 2 hours early&quot; ..let that slide, asked if we could leave one bag AS IT SAID ON THE CONFIRMATION WE COULD, he said &quot;no room, come see for yourself&quot; so we go in to a cigarette stinking hallway, down into a dingy basement or 'reception' to be greeted by a RUDE, ABRUPT and GRUMPY old man (guessing the owner) who instead of greeting us just pointed to the room and said &quot;see&quot;. After showing it was only a small shoulder bag he was like&quot;Fine&quot; and just pointed to a corner of the room. Then we went off to enjoy the city. When we needed to go back to check-in and get ready to go to the theatre my friend said he was scared to go back to the hotel. After checking-in we went to our room ..cupboard more like. The room was the same size as the bed with about a foot either side of it to move. A stained bedside table and a dirty sink in the corner. I didn't even dare drink from the coffee facilities provided. One of the two shared bathroom light did not work and the other the shower head was broke. The ONLY good thing about this hotel is its location. The good reviews about this hotel, i can only hazard a guess that someone related to the hotel has wrote them ..cos they are a load of rubbish!! My recommendation is DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 28 2009 	The most disgusting hovel I've ever stepped foot in!	I booked this room through laterooms.com at the last minute as a &quot;treat&quot; thinking that it would be a small, basic but clean b&amp;b - just a bed for the night and a shower in the morning - how wrong I was!!I was not prepared for what we were greeted with. This hovel is in a nasty backstreet - not the sort of place you feel safe walking around - in Victoria. When we got there, we went to &quot;reception&quot; which was a disgusting, smoky basement room and were given the keys to our room. We stayed in our room for all of a 2 minutes and left straight away - it was awful!! We were not expecting much but honestly it was gross: holes in the ceiling with exposed wires, grotty bed sheets (I daren't even look at them properly let alone sleep on them), the paint was peeling off the wall, the curtains were ripped and moulding, the curtain pole was hanging off the wall, I can't comment on the &quot;en suite&quot; as I was too scared to look!!We picked up our bags straight away and got on the first train out of there, I cannot tell you how relieved we were to wake up at home the following morning.I cannot stress this enough: Do not stay there!!!	
Jan 17 2009	Chester is adequate	Good location near Victoria Station. No breakfast although I found it through a B&amp;B website. Couldn't get into the room early after flying all night. Room was ok.	
Jan 3 2009 	location location location	good location in victoria and not far from the station. only stayed here to go central for the night and was happy for what little i paid (booked online) but they said they would doa good price if i srtayed agian. wouldnt have stayed here if i read the reviews first but my room looked new so i guess i was lucky.	
Oct 18 2008 	Worst hotel ever	DO NOT STAY HERE! I have travelled extensively and this place was by far the worst hotel I have every stayed in - I was on a budget but this was not worth it. The staff were immensely unhelpful with absolutely no idea of how to speak to a customer. The hotel itself was shabby and poorly decorated. When I arrived, the hotel was in a state with duvets and sheets just lying in the hallway (clearly they were cleaning up) and this was all removed later on - still not a good start! The 'reception' was a room in the basement where a man sat in a smoke filled and disgustingly messy room. My room was actually not badly decorated but was small. It was probably their best room and it was newly decorated (the only positive thing I have to say might I add). Even the shower and the bathroom was decent (newly decorated) and clean - I thank my lucky stars that I booked the en-suite as the shared toilet and bathroom were atrocious - unclean, unhygienic and just plain DIRTY!The room was advertised as having internet broadband access - BUT IT DID NOT. I had a very poor signal. When I complained the receptionist could do nothing and said that I could sit out on the stairs where the signal was 'excellent'. I payed for a room with internet access not to sit out outside my room to use the wifi - and I should add that I refused to pay the additional fee for internet and the receptionist did not budge or waive the fee despite the access being unavailable in the room! I was desperate to use the internet so coughed up the money unwillingly. Weird noises came from the room periodically (from the heating system). In most hotels, you will find a bible or equivalent in a drawer - what did I find? An 'Adult Guide' to London in the drawer!! What a confused place!ALL IN ALL VERY POOR - STAY AWAY!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Don't stay here	This hotel is terrible. I arrived to find a team of 'craftsmen' repainting the halls of the hotel and the rooms of the hotel. It was chaos. I was given a hideous room in the basement and when I complained they did give me a slightly better one higher up but it was still awful. This allowed a splendid view of the back yard (as seen in the photos on another review) which was full of junk. There seemed to be no Fire Escape signs or fire extinguishers. Hideous shower, kettle with cups but no tea. I didn't stay and they wouldn't refund me. The staff where not as hostile as mentioned in other reviews and seemd quite friendly or just embarassed. Don't book this hotel and if you do, don't pay in advance as you won't get it back. Why are us poor visitors to London meant to feel grateful if we only pay £46.00 for a crappy room, this would get you a nice room in many other capitals, I don't know why the government or the tourist office can't stop hotels ripping people off. You can pay £75 one day and then because they're busy it's £200 the next day.	
Jul 8 2008 	Health hazard	This hotel was absolutely gruesome. The room itself was very small but that was understandable for a back street hotel in central London. However, the sheets were washed but still stained!! We decided to unbutton the duvet and remove the pillow case which left us in utter shock, both had patches of grey and various stains. The walls were damp and parts were peeling and the ensuite was equivalent of a porta-loo with a shower of course. We eventually got our room changed but the new one wasn't much better. Quite simply, if you are looking for a hotel in the right location and are not bothered about cleansiness or comfort then this is the place to be as it is right in the heart of London with many shops, restaurants and travel facilities nearby. But value for money???....never.	
Jun 30 2008 	Decent Value for London	We had booked another hotel (less expensive &amp; it included bkfst), so our family of 4 adults only stayed here the one night they didn't have room for us at the other hotel. The Quad room (two double beds) was a decent price for London, and was clean. The bathroom was tiny, but none of us are tall or hefty! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The young man even walked my husband around the corner to help him find the next hotel we were booked in for the next two nights. A grocery and ATM were just a block or two away. It was a good location for travelling throughout Zone 1 (central London) from Victoria vacation.	
Jun 2 2008 	not bad but!	not bad for the price if you looking for just basic . 2 nights was enough the bloody shower very tiny so if you size 18 plus you got no chance as you sit on toilet you fall in shower also dont b fooled by the vouchers for breakfast they charge you wich i found totally wrong as you pay xamount 4 room wid no facillity for breakfast i will not go again its true wat they say you pay 4 wat u get so next time i will go 4 somthing wich is cleaner and includes a good full englishx	
May 27 2008 	Never Never Never Stay Here	So funny how despite the rooms being clean etc , the hotel was let down by some of the worst staff I have ever encounter in UK and the World . I booked a ensuite room and in the morning found no hot water in the room . I ventured down to the caretaker and was greeted by a man in his underpants smoking a cigarette , I was told “ The fact I had no hot water was not his problem ! and I could use the communal bathroom “ . Words cannot say how disgusting this was the bathroom not being cleaned for months etc ... When I asked for breakfast --- again knocking on the caretakers door and again being greeted by the same man in underpants etc etc , I was given token to have breakfast when I asked where it was I was directed to a local kebab shop down the road – Again dirty and terrible – the breakfast was cold and the kebab shop cold and unclean – Please do not stay here if you value your money and sanity !!	
Apr 17 2008 	repeat visitor	This is my second visit to the Chester; I was there a couple of months ago. Since then, the refurbishment of the other side of the building was complete and I got one of the new rooms.This is an improvement on an experience that was already quite good. It was a very good weekend stay with the family although it was quite cold in London. Very comfortable, spacious rooms; we thoroughly enjoywd ir and we'll certainly come back.	
Mar 15 2008	Dont even think about this place	I booked to stay here and then read some horrendous reviews of it, when I arrived it really was as bad as the reviews and the foreign guy who opened the door to me ended up swearing at me as I left the premises cos I refused to stay there afterall.I really hope no one else is subjected to the appaulling experience I was subjected to.	
Mar 15 2008 	Not bad for the price	Good last minute price i got for coming in directly. No frills but lively location.	
Mar 7 2008	Pleasant weekend in london	I needed a place to stay for a weekend in Central London so did an internet search for a reasonable hotel. The Chester is definitely central, close to Victoria Station with excellent transport links to all the best places in London. There are lots of good restaurants and bars in the locality too. The hotel itself was comfortable, clean and newly refurbished with good size and well-equipped rooms; the staff was friendly and helpful. Overall an above average stays for the price – very good value for the money.	
Feb 3 2008 	Possibly the worst hotel in London?	Absolutely filthy!Stained bedding. Dreadful view of a courtyard from bedroom window that was littered with rubbish and probably rat infested!An en suite shower 1ft x 2ft max!! A health &amp; safety death trap!An environmental health officers nightmare!Avoid at all costs!Places like this should not be allowed to continue operating with such poor standards as this in modern day Britain!£59 a night and no breakfast!	
Jan 28 2008 	Terrible service	At £49 for a triple room in a key London location, we expected the grubby hotel and poor service (we weren't wrong either). The staff were very...strange. We arrived, were greeted by a handwritten sign on the door saying rooms were available. Eventually a man came and we told him we'd made a reservation (a month earlier) and he just stood there. He took us to the office, turned his back to us and stood there for 5 mins until my friend asked if there was a problem. He eventually told us 4 of the 11 rooms were overbooked. A lucky escape for us I think!	
Jan 19 2008	Excellent weekend	On the 12th of Jan, I took my girlfriend for a weekend break to London. We wanted to enjoy the usual tourist haunts so stayed at affordable accommodations in the West End; we booked at the Chester Hotel in Victoria.The hotel is quite central, very close to Victoria Station, bus depot and underground, which was very convenient. There are a couple of very nice pubs minutes from the hotel – the Prince of Wales, the Marquis and the famous Camel. There are also many good restaurants that suited our budget on adjacent streets so there was little hardship in that respect.We were shown a room on the first floor – it was spacious, clean and seemed newly painted and decorated. I include some pictures of the room and the local area! The staff was very polite and helpful so we had no cause for complaints. All in all, a very comfortable stay, I would come again and recommend it highly.Archie	
Dec 20 2007 	Not as bad as you might think...	I booked this hotel for me and my girlfriend via laterooms.com for £25 at 20:00 the same day after an xmas party.I went knowing it was a 2 star hotel and expected a tiny room with a cramped bed and dodgy facilities and was happy to go home instead for 2 hours if it was as awful as previous reviewers suggest.It is absolutely NOT the place for a romantic weekend away or anything like that, but if you are in need of a cheap and relatively quiet place to stay with somewhere to eat nearby, then you can do a lot worse.It appears to be family run, and when I arrived I was greeted pleasantly and offered to check the room first to see if we liked it. The staff seemed very friendly and polite and I had no problems. The door handle was broken which alarmed me but the door locked securely. but apart from that, we had a clean room with a wet room en suite. It is a bit shabby and could do with a lick of paint, but it's basic and functional. For £25 in London, I didn't expect the Hilton so I was impressed.	
Nov 13 2007 	hotel horrific- staff even worse	I've used this website and others like it yet have never written a review myself. Yet this time, I feel compelled to, to stop some else getting competely ripped off. I've read bad reviews before and sometimes think they are exaggeratingor over-reacting to problems which shouldn't be an issue as you shouldn't be in your room that much anyway!! I've stayed in some pretty bad hostels as a backpacker and nothing compared to this. I canput up with a bad room/bathroom but not the way we were spoken to and treated. it's not a hotel - it's a hovel, it's not aimed at tourists i swear - apart from mugs who discover it on the internet and who are none the wiser. To cut a really long story short, my boyfriend had booked me a romantic trip to London for my birthday as a surprise. the 'reception' is a dirty sitting room and we had to leave our bags therewith the rude staff. we couldn't check in after 11am so had to hang around from 9am wasting time, rather than being able to come back on the afternoon and get on with sightseeing. It was dirty, filthy, stinky and small but to be honest I wouldn't care about that just for one night. We'd shut the window when we put our bags in as we were on the ground floor and the window opened onto the street. When we returned they had opened the window!! our bags could have so easily have been stolen. We had booked into a nice restaurant before the theatre and and brought nice clothes etc. As it was a surprise romantic trip naturallyi wanted to look and feel nice to go there. But there was no running water at all!! We couldn't even flush the toliet!! as you can imagine i was angry so went to ask the 'staff' (some young men sitting watching tv with cans with tracksuits and trainers on in the sitting room). They just shrugged their shoulders at us and said 'nothing we can do'. They laughed in our faces.If we'd had time we'd have walked out. it could have totally spoilt the weekend. luckily we brushed it off and had an amazing time at the theatre etc and made a sharp exit in the morning. i don't mean to go on about it but you can imagine how not being even able to brush your teeth etc is awful after walking around and being on tube all day etc, and on your first romantic weekend away with yourboyfriend. we managed to laugh it off in the end, but what if it had been an elderly couple going to see the rememberance parade or a family with young children??? honestly please please do not give these con artists any money, for a little more you could stop somewhere decent, clean and above all safe.if i had not been with my boyfriend i would have felt safe. lone female travellers please take note, this place is not safe.	
Nov 11 2007	Do not stay there.	Well I have only just returned from that hostel believe me it should not be called a hotel. Now I realise that places to stay in London are not cheap but please this really does insult humanity.The room very small, and the cubicle that consisted of a toilet (didn't flush), and a shower/sink with no cold water just boiling water. The duvet had odd white stains on and the walls were brown with dirt. i can not understand how the owners do not hold they heads in shame.AVOID at all costs and pay a little extra somewhere else.	
Oct 2 2007	Oh my good lord!	I stayed in this hotel (or should that be hovel?) for ten whole minutes. From the outside it looked fine and even the 'reception area' didn't put me off, but on getting into the room the first thing to hit me was the smell... As if that wasn't bad enough, paint was bubbling off the walls which were covered in what looked like water marks and huge cracks, the doorframe was splintered and the whole place looked like it hadn't even seen a duster in months. If you've seen the movie Barton Fink you'll know exactly what I mean. If you can call a broken kettle with no mugs, teabags or milk tea and coffee making facilities then I suppose it had those, but the only reason I stayed as long as I did was because I was frozen with shock! In the end I checked out in favour of sleeping on a friend's floor, and I didn't regret the decision for a second. Honestly, don't stay here!	
Sep 22 2007	Terrible just terrible	Quite simply the worst hostel, oh I mean hotel I have ever stayed in. It stank, it was filthy, no facilities, everything was broken, the 'staff' had no clue about the booking, the door didn't lock, the ensuite was little more than a tiny cubicle. Apparently this cost the same as the Ibis. Christ.	
Oct 17 2008 	centrico pero		
Sep 28 2008 	non varcate quella porta		
Jan 4 2008 	che schifo		
Oct 8 2007 	Un bouge		
