Sep 16 2009 	You con only call it dosshouse	The TV and radio doesn´t work. The coffee cups were dirty and there was noisiness all the night.	
Sep 3 2009 	cheap London Hotel at good price you get what you pay for!	We only booked this Hotel because it was the cheapest &amp; nearest to Golders Green Tube where we needed to catch a shuttle bus to a concert.The Hotel is STILL being renovated &amp; the public lounge &amp; lobby look quite smart; however, we were in the end of the Hotel that is yet to be renovated (I hope!), the bathroom was literally in a cupboard with double, unlockable doors; the sink hit you as you stepped in &amp; the mildewy shower was to your left &amp; the toilet to your right! I have never seen anything like it in all my travels! The huge TV didn't work &amp; we only had 1 cup for 2 of us! Not all the lightng worked &amp; the double glazing wasn't the best at keeping out the noise of the busy road below us! Furnishings like the the lampshades were shabby &amp; the curtains were partially off the rail!But, the beds &amp; pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable &amp; bedding fresh &amp; clean, it was probably one of the best night's sleep in any hotel of any standard anywhere! Breakfast was nice if you like cereal &amp; toast, tea was rank &amp; coffee not much better! Cooked offering consisted of fried egg in 1/2 slice fried bread with tiny rasher of bacon &amp; similar sausage &amp; some baked beans.All in all the Hotel was cheap (£49 per room per night B&amp;B) &amp; served a purpose, but it would be difficult to recommend it! It would be interesting to see it once the regeneration work is finally completed!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great time had by all roll on the next time	Took a family of four to the Palm Hotel in London and inspite of thinking we had arrived at the wrong place because of the modernization work we will definetly be using this hotel again.The rooms were spacious and the staff welcoming and very helpfull.The position of the hotel was perfect for using the public transport system for London,and free parking was provided by the hotel that is positioned just outside Londons congestion charge.	
Sep 2 2009 	A value stay	We were unlucky to stay at a time when road works were being carried out on the road directly outside the room and building works were being carried out inside the hotel! The building works did not cause any problems and seemed very well organised but being a hot weekend and needing the window open, we didn't get much sleep during the night due to the road works - not anything the hotel could foresee. The only niggle about the hotel would be not having latches on the windows and with being on the ground floor we were reluctant to leave the windows open whilst not in the rooms. Having said that the staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was fine with plenty of choice and the room we stayed in was clean and tidy if a little cosy. A short walk was required to get to the tube station but the buses run regularly from close by.The all important comment is I would stay here again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good value hotel within easy reach of central London	Staff friendly and helpful. Good reception areas. Bus stop 50 yards from hotel. Bedrooms well furnished only letdown was the bathroom which was in dire need of updating.	
Aug 31 2009 	Absolutely apalling. Not like photo images at all!	To start with there was a mix up (not our fault) with the booking. The downstairs is impressive looking but upstairs the carpets were filthy, the tiling in the bathroom was dirty and the grouting missing in places. The lamps were dusty, dirty and did not work. The tube station is a two mile walk and then its a thirty minute journey on the tube to Oxford circus. There was a wedding on our 2nd night and the noise that the wedding guests of shouting along the corridors and banging room doors was terrible and was allowed to continue until the early hours of the morning. On the morning of leaving we noticed two rooms that had there doors opened for cleaning were the pictures of the ones we had saw on the website which i thought was quite deceiving. Will not be in this hotel again and would not recommend for anyone else to stay!	
Apr 30 2009 	Comfortable convenient good service noisy	This is a functional but comfortable hotel on a busy dual carriageway in the Brent Cross area of north London. I was given a double room on the ground floor at the back of the hotel (the front was covered in scaffolding and polythene sheet). The room was large, comfortable and well-equipped, as well as being away from the traffic noise; scuffed here and there and some cheapish fittings, but everything worked properly and the bathroom included a 3/4 bath as well as a shower. My only real complaint was the lack of sound insulation from other rooms: TVs on until midnight, then the first people leaving at 5.30. The restaurant wasn't serving dinner, but the receptionist organised a take-away and provided plates, cutlery etc - in fact the service overall was excellent.I didn't use the parking but it seemed quite limited and I noticed a guest arguing with the receptionist because she had been blocked in by someone else.	
Mar 25 2009 	Not as good as it should/could be.	We knew this hotel was being upgraded. It's covered in scaffolding and smells of paint. Most alarmingly - ALL FIRE DOORS WEDGED OPEN AND SMOKE DETECTORS IN RESTAURANT COVERED WITH FOIL. Pointed this out to reception who didnt seem concerned. Booked a refurbished room, for which you pay a bit extra. Beautiful high quality fittings and lovely ideas, but must have got cowboys to do it. Very tatty work. Blind too short for window, quilt too small for bed. No drawers in room, awkward place to plug in kettle under the desk, only 1 mirror and 1 bin - in bathroom. No biscuits, no body lotion, tissues etc. Breakfast was average. SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT, VERY FRIENDLY AND EFFICIENT. About 20 mins walk to tube at Golders Green, bit of a dodgy area at night?? Hotel is also on a very busy/noisy road, would benefit from triple glazing to the front. Hope it will all be finished off properly as could be really lovely, and was good value for what we wanted it for. Would stay again if the Fire Officer has been!	
Jan 14 2009	Quirky Hotel	Booked via Hotel as attending a weeding event at the Hotel, I must have stayed in one of the older rooms but for the price I paid I cannot complain, nice bed, good shower and superb full english breakfast. Downside was that my wrong was a bit on the noisey side, but it will not put me of if I am in North London again	
Nov 18 2008 	Hovel	I stayed at this hotel whilst at a works conference and was gobsmacked. The pictures on the hotels website looked great and I thought it would of been a comfortable stay. How wrong was I.The Radiator had fallen off the wall therefore all you could see was the wallpaper hanging off. The lamp shade's had fallen off therefore lights were not working.The shower was disgusting there must of been 2inches of mould/limescale on the shower head.Please Please Please do not ever stay at this hotel.It isn't suitable for a dog to stay in. I only wish i had enough pics to show!!!!	
May 3 2008 	Quiet Good Worth a stay	Booked this hotel as central london hotels were busy.Plus's are - Free car parking (Outside congestion charge zone)Free internet &amp; Bus outside takes you into Oxford street in 20 mins.Rooms abit old, but mine had a huge 26inch (I think) lcd TV in it is clear they are going through changes at present.Con's Hotel going through renovation works, but at the price I paid it will not put me off from going back	
