Oct 31 2009 	Nightmare - never again	what an awful experience. we booked for two nights and checked out after the first. (we have been to many hotels and never have we even thought about checking out).If we could have found somewhere else that night we would not have stayed the one night in that awful hotel. it was extremely small and smelly, the bathroom was disguisting. My son had a shower and the drain could not cope with the water, it flooded the bathroom.I could not even bring myself to have a shower. i moved a bin to find a tampon, this indicated that the room had not even been cleaned. the cleanliness of the hotel was below average. it advertised on line a garden view, what a joke, the garden view was a yard which had been neglected with half a dozen mattresses stored there collecting alsorts of bacteria. We could not even bring ourselves to have breakfast. Also the health and safety aspect was poor as the kettle was resting on a shelf with the cable dangling. This hotel should certainly not have 3 *	
Oct 26 2009 	URGH! Don't Go There!!	It was well situated - but that is its only redeeming quality. What little full english breakfast there was, was good - but not enough of it. (One slice of bacon, one sausage, half a small tomato, one fried egg and a small spoon of beans). The RoomsWe had two rooms which were equally as bad as each other. The wallpaper was very 'tired' and discoloured with damp patches surrounding the window and on the ceiling. Bathroom was tiny and discouraged us from using the shower as the shower head was disgraceful. The staff were friendly, but surely there are better places to spend £300 on two rooms for two nights.	
Oct 16 2009 	Small and Basic but all you need	There are some poor reviews of this hotel on the site and I was really worried as having booked before I checked (I know!) I was quite concerned. I must speak as I found however and the room was clean and had all that I needed for the one night stop. Yes they are small and clearly in need of some upgrading - but for what you pay the central london location was fine. The nearest alternative was £40 more and I searched all the chains and the &quot;better hotels&quot; in the area. This was small, secure and clean (perhaps my friend and I were lucky in the rooms we got but there was no mould or mildew and certainly the sheets and towels were exemplary. Staff were polite and very helpful, Breakfast while not a buffet (therefore not abundant portions) was more than adequate, egg, beans, sausage, bacon, tomato and fried bread is enough for anyone surely with a huge pot of tea and lots of hot toast - I challenge you to get hot toast in the bigger chains! All the cereals/ fruit and continental stuff was there too.Definitely not the Ritz but if I needed to I would stay there again for a one night stop, it is just somewhere to hang your hat and rest your head, it need be, and is, nothing more.	
Oct 8 2009 	small rooms and small cooked breakfast consisting of 1 sausage 1 rasher bacon 1 egg and half cherry tomatoe	Stayed for one night as had travelled with family to visit son for his 21st Birthday. Couldn't for the life of me see any distinction between the double/single rooms! They all looked the same - small! The tubs of milk in the room had gone off, and although the restaurant was very pleasant in comparison to the rooms, the cooked breakfast was rather insulting regarding the size!In conclusion, taking everything into account - size really does matter!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Avoid-Charged for no-show when I never gor their confirmation	Unfortunately I got charged for nothing!! I sent an online availability request for six nights and gave my credit card number. I never heard back from the hotel, despite the fact that I gave them two email addresses. I wrote an email to them the following day as a reminder and I know they read it because I have the read receipt. Again no answer. I was in a hurry to get a hotel reservation therefore I booked elsewhere. They dared to charge me for one night when they never dared to reply. I sent another email asking to refund me, needless to say I got zero answer. I called them up and the most rude and unpleasant man answered me saying that they have an automatic software that sends email. I THINK THEY THEY ARE JUST ROUTINELY ROB TOURISTS ON ONLINE RESERVATIONS. TOO LATE I SAW ANOTHER COMPLAINT LIKE MINE ONLY AFTERWARDS!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Ruined our break DONT GO HERE!	First impressions, we were around the corner from Madame Tussards, so the location was great.However, when we first went into the hotel the man behind the counter was very disinterested we were booking in. We were asked to pay for the room straightaway.I asked the man if he could print us out a google map for directions to Soho, he said no but i could buy a map for £3.Went into room 27, it was like walking into a wardrobe, the room could hardly fit a bed in! The bed took up the space literaly from wall to wall.Went into the 'bathroom', the shower was tiny. Im a size 6 and i could just about fit in it! it was just a corner with a shower net.On the floor of the bathroom was another drain, after i had my shower i understood why.Even with the poor net it was impossible not to get the floor wet! The floor was full of mildew! As you can see with my photos.When i seen the mildew, i decided to check the bed. To my horror there was urine staines on the bed and mildew!This really spoilt my birthday weekend, i slept with a towel underneath me and no blankets! The view i had was one of a 'courtyard' with a lovely view of old beds with holes and springs hanging out.I have visited many hotels, and hostels around the world and i can honestly say this is the worst place i have ever stayed in. I have even stayed in the generater in london and that was much more cleaner!For the money i spent i was very disappointed! There are better hostels for next to nothing in price!I wish i had checked the reviews before going!	
Aug 28 2009 	great location and really not bad	Ok, this hotel is not perfect. The rooms are quite small, the shower is tiny, the floorboards creak, it gets very stuffy at night and the rooms at the front are quite noisy. But for one night on the way to France it was fine. The guy on the desk was helpful, there is a lift (it's quite old but it works...), the room was clean and had everything I needed (plus nice biscuits) and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast in the pleasant breakfast room was very good and the service was friendly and efficient. There are plenty of places to eat nearby in the evening and it's so conveniently situated, between Euston and St Pancras. It's fine for the price and I'd stay there again, but I wouldn't really recomment it for a longer stay	
Aug 2 2009 	awful don't got there!	I really was not happy with this hotel at all. Was not made to feel welcome, the guy at the desk was very rude and arrogant. My colleagues were split on the three different floors which was very freaky, the rooms were disgusting. We also had to leave the rooms keys with the guy at the desk when we left the hotel for our meeting and dinner! It didn't look clean at all, there were things missing, there were clumps of dust all over the skirting boards, on top of the wardrobe, in the wardrobe. There were very odd looking stains on the walls, the shower, floor and sink in the bathroom were very unclean, there were damp stains on the ceilings in the bathroom and bedroom. The desk was broken and also unclean, I wouldn't get into the bed completely because of the uncleanliness, I couldn't sleep that night and had to leave the tv on as someone had tried to get into my room earlier on, which really freaked me out. We left as soon as possible the next day and never bothered to have breakfast.	
Jul 17 2009 	Location is about it.	The best things about the Mabledon Court are its location (close to King's Cross-St. Pancras, a major rail and underground station), and its price, which is fairly reasonable for London. The rooms, generally, are small and hot, with the bathrooms especially oppressive. If you front the street, you will find it noisy. The staff is generally congenial and breakfast is good, but that is not enough to draw us back for a second stay.	
Jul 5 2009 	Budget choice	We would recommend this hotel for a short stay on a budget. Plusses include the friendly staff, nice breakfast room and good breakfast. The hotel is very close to mainline and underground stations.On the minus side the rooms are small, the beds are small and the shower is very small. We stayed during the June heatwave and the bathroom was unbearably hot. We managed to cool the room a little by placing the fan on the window ledge. We had a room at the back which was surprisingly quiet apart from the squeaky floorboards. Shame about the old mattresses on the patio.	
May 24 2009	AVOID!	Booked to stay here for 1 night unfortunately had to cancel. I cancelled the booking 3 weeks beforehand...yet my card was charged the full amout despite reassurances that it would not be. E-mails were/are ignored and phone calls haven't yielded any sucessI have spoken to various members of staff including the manager and despite promises of a refund none has been forthcoming.	
May 9 2009 	The position was good.	The hotel was only a few minutes walk from St Pancras and Kings Cross stations. It's next to a pub and there are a selection of eateries nearby. Laundrette, small supermarket and a great bookshop are just up the street, so the location was excellent for us as we arrived from Heathrow (via train) and were departing the next morning for Paris on the Eurostar at St Pancras Station (home of the terribly over-rated champagne bar). As for the hotel, well. The double bed was pushed up against the wall, it was a struggle to open our small suitcase - the only way was to put it on the bed. The bathroom was ancient, well everything was very old. But there was a fan which we needed as the afternoon sun blazed in, and we did sleep well. I think it was all clean enough, it's just hard to make things look good when they're so old. The breakfast room was delightful and I think if we'd discovered it earlier we could have used the area to relax in the evening. Not suitable for anyone with a disability as the elevator only worked if everyone shut both doors. Otherwise you had to run through the floors to locate it, or use the stairs.	
Apr 29 2009 	very good value for money	After reading some of the reviews after booking this hotel I did consider cancelling. However, I am glad I didn't. The Hotel is neat and tidy and has a manned reception at all times. No public access. The stairways are well decorated and have plush carpets. The room though small is quite reasonable. The bed is a 3/4 size with starched white sheets and pillow cases. The room has a TV with remote control, tea making facilities and a telephone. There is a small wardrobe and dressing table and enough room to walk about. I was at the front of the building overlooking the road but did not hear traffic when the window was closed. The was a fan in the room which could be used but I did not need it. The floor did creak a bit but could be expected in a building of this age. The overall appearance of the room was a bit jaded but clean and tidy. The breakfast was one of the best I have had anywhere! Very quick service, clean and tidy dining room, full English breakfast, gorgeous sausages and hot tea and toast. I would book this hotel again when next visiting London after having stayed at some of the other economy hotels in the capital.	
Mar 30 2009 	Disgraceful - the worst hotel we have ever had the misfortune to stay in	The room was filthy, paint peeling from the window an window ledge, &quot;net&quot; curtain torn shower area covered in mould, quite frankly words cannot discribe how bad it was.The rating for the sorry experience would be zero.The only recommendation I could offer is DO NOT GO THERE.	
Mar 29 2009 	Believe the reviews; it is that bad!	As written before double rooms are tiny; bed was pushed up against the wall, which was pushed up against a peeling melamine type board. There were countless strands of long hair embedded in the carpet. The wallpaper was peeling in more than one place, and was stained with, what looked like tea/coffee. The paint on the window sill was peeling all over. No storage space at all. Shower room was more of a shower cupboard, floor was mouldy. Didn`t like the look of the bed, with its ripped base. Breakfast, okish. Staff weren`t that bothered when we complained. We fled after one night.(would have not stayed the first night if we weren`t going to be charged for it eitherway)	
Feb 15 2009 	Dirty and Mouldy with Bed Bugs	This is the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. Good points - the breakfast and eastern european staff who serve breakfast.I stayed there for four nights whilst waiting to move into a flat - but got bitten several times in one night. I bought a cotton sheet to wrap myself in after that and flip flops to use in the joke shower The bathroom was dirty, mouldy and smelled strongly of decay. Carpets were never hoovered properly, the shelf for a desk was stained with other people's food and the covers, curtains, wallpaper were long past their best. I spent three evenings walking around London just to stay out of this dirty, horrible room.	
Jan 23 2009 	If you can afford to pay a bit more do not go there!	Put it this way... the breakfast is bad....the floor in the room squeeks and the rooms are really tiny. If you want to take a shower you cannot move as the cubicle is about 40cm by 40cm.The service in general is rather bad. I asked for some towels as the cleaner forgot to put them in the room and when I rang reception I was told: &quot;When you come downstairs I will give them to you&quot;.....basically come and get them yourself!... The staff is friendly but crap at doing their job. Also be careful cos when you arrive they will ask you to pay for the whole stay in advance...( I think it is because they are scared that once you see the rooms you want to leave!).It's because I did not have the money and the time otherwise I would have changed hotel.The only positive thing is that it is very central ( near Euston - Kings cross and camdentown ) so you dont even have to get a bus or tube to go to the heart of London...i think it is good for backpakkers who do not care about noise and are not bothered too much about little inconveniences like mentioned above.Just avoid it if you can but is not that bad... i actually had a lot of fun although I had to get drunk in order to sleep as we were in room 27 near the lift and the emergency exit door and that was the only room on that floor where the floorboard where cracking and making funny noises so we could hear every night and every morning people passing by to get the lift.	
Dec 6 2008 	Sad tired hotel but friendly staff and good breakfast	We booked an overnight at the Hotel, and have just returned home. Had we been staying longer, we would have left and found another place. The room was tiny and shabby, the bed pushed up against the wall, there were no drawers to put things in - just a cupboard with a shelf. We asked the man on reception for a twin but were told they did not have twin rooms and that all the rooms were like this. One of the lights did not work, but this was fixed very quickly. The bed was hard, the pillows uncomfortable, and the shower very tiny. On the plus side, the breakfast was lovely and the breakfast room a pleasant surprise in comparison to the bedroom.To sum up, it was the worst place we have ever stayed in as far as the room was concerned, and we could not recommend it, but we found the staff extremely friendly, especially the two men on reception on the day we we arrived.	
Nov 19 2008 	War on Terror	The hotel was so rubbish due to the fact that nothing was in a clean state, staff don't speak english, the guy at reception looked like he was a ghost, they use loft insulation sheets for bedding, bed bugs. I can go on for ages but please for your safety dont go there I am suffering from my stay I have got an infection from the bed bugs. How did the health and safety pass it?	
Nov 19 2008 	Very Clean Friendly staff excellent price	The room was on the small side, however, everything worked, tea and coffee was provided in the room, alonf with tv, hairdryer, showering lotions etc. Free Wi Fi was available. The breakfast was very good, all hot and fresh with as much continental style as you could eat, followed by a cooked english breakfast as well.All the staff were very freindly, and informative.At the price I paid, I could not ask for more. After all you general need a good comfortable bed, in a clean room, not a ballroom sized room, when you are out all day.I will return	
Oct 7 2008 	Chicks_8	Not a nice start to our holiday. Behind reception desk very messy. Our double room was tiny, you could hardly get in with two suitcases and the bed was against the wall. Dirty windows with a broken catch, dated fabrics, tiny shower with badly split rubberised discoloured curtain. Noisy pub next door. The breakfast was nice but we were leaving too early for a cooked one. Expensive for what it is.	
Oct 4 2008 	What a doss house	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I would not recommend anyone to stay, it is the pits. How this can be classified as a hotel beggers believe, well maybe for the homeless.DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Sep 21 2008 	Disappointed	I booked a room in this hotel for two nights, staying with my sister. We requested twin beds if possible. Upon arrival, we were told that they only have doubles. This double was tiny, closer in size to a king single and quite awkward when not sharing with a partner. The shower was covered in mould and tiny in size, it was impossible to shower without flooding the bathroom.	
Jun 12 2008	great location manky shower	For a hotel opposite the British Library where you have an ensuite room, this hotel is very good value.The rooms are very hot (and get hotter the higher up the building you go), but the windows open and fans are provided.We had no problems with the tv and the staff were just lovely. The front desk is staffed 24 hours a day. The breakfast is fine.But the showers are quite manky - and very small.Still, if you want this location on a budget you'd be hard pressed to match this hotel.	
May 5 2008 	Don't stay at this hotel...	I had an awful experience at the Mabledon Court Hotel in London. There were many reasons that it was so bad, but I will tell you exactly why. Firstly, the staff was quite rude. I had some problems with the room and they dealt with it rather badly. I for one found blood on the sheets (they claimed that it was coffee), and I had requested a separate bed and they did not provide that for me and instead gave me a one double bed stating that there are no separate beds there. I think that personally they should have told me this when booking instead of realizing it upon my arrival. Also because it's a very old hotel, I could hear everything going on around me. The walls were very thin, and I could hear everyone walking around above my room. Also, at the end of my stay, I requested that I get an invoice for my stay but they had problems with this stating that I should have requested it at the beginning. I had a few problems but my colleagues also had problems that I will leave unmentioned. I think that's all but the bottom line is I advise you NOT to stay here. Even though it is a superb location, I think that you can find a much better place to stay - especially for the price.	
Mar 1 2008 	OK but not worth 3* rating	Having previously read the reviews on this hotel I wasnt expecting too much and I wasnt disappointed. It was a very basic hotel. Not sure it warrants the 3* it claims to be. The room was small, the bathroom was reasonable but the shower cubical was tiny, and smelt musty. The sheets were clean, the tv had no aereal so i could only get channel 5. I couldnt work out whether the nets were black or black through dirt. The staff were friendly and helpful. Fortunately I ionly booked the one night and spent most of the evening dining out. On my return the lights on the stairs werent working and only seemed to be on every other floor. The lights in my room didnt work in the morning but a staff member fixed it promptly, I dont know if they turn the lights off at night to save money. The breakfast was ok. I If you want close proximity to Kings X, the British Library etc its ok. I dont think I'll stay there again, but it wasnt bad for 1 night.	
Jan 26 2008	Good value for the location	The double room we stayed in was not a bad size. Clean and loads of coffee/tea/milk facilities. The ensuite bathroom didn't have any air filter or window so it smelled musty. Small shower. Because of the bathroom I wouldn't want to stay there for any more than a day or so. The breakfast was good and at £75 a night for a double room and breakfast it was good value for money. Especially considering the excellent location and closeness to Euston/King's Cross and St Pancras. Friendly staff.Would definitely use again for a short stay.	
Dec 2 2007 	Location is not everything	Alas I have to confirm the worst fears which I had when reading the very unfavourable reviews of this hotel which appeared on this site. I decided to give it a try – and will never set foot there again. I paid £65 per night for the tiniest single room I have seen in London (and I have seen many). You have to be a contortionist to be able to use the shower, and the room is so small that they cannot even providea chair. So there is nowhere to sit apart from the very narrow bed. Atfirst, I thought the toilet tank had a leak – but no, it simply takes 10-15 minutes to fill up again: better not flush the toilet at night if you are exasperated by the noisy trickle which prevents you from going back to sleep (and naturally the bathroom door does not close properly). As for service, it is equally deficient. I innocently asked the receptionist to give me some change as I needed £3.50 in coins to buy a bus pass. Answer: everybody pays by card and we have no cash! In themorning, be prepared for a long wait until you get your indifferent breakfast in the basement. They do not have to “try harder” and they know it, because their location makes the hotel ideal for the new St Pancras Eurostar station– the reason why I foolishly decided to give it a try in spite of all these highly negative reviews by my predecessors.	
Nov 30 2007 	Convenient rather than luxurious!	I did a quick google search for Hotels in the London Area near Euston Station and this was one of the cheapest ones I found.I was slightly worried after booking it as I read some of the negative reviews, but when I got there I found the hotel to be absolutely fine.  + Plus points: Freindly receptionist, clean room with tea/coffee facilities, full english breakfast included, back-street (quiet) location, walking distance from dozens of places to eat, walking distance from Euston, Kings Cross, and St Pancras. - Negative points: Budget hotel. Don't expect the Ritz, but if you just need somewhere to sleep and have breakfast, you can't go wrong here. All in all, recommended.. if you're on a budget.	
Nov 27 2007 	OK as a place to crash the night before catching Eurostar	As everyone else has said, the room is small. But having said that, it was spotlessly clean, the breakfast was good, and the staff were helpful. Free WiFi is available for your PDA or Laptop (they will give you a password at reception).Beware that the rate quoted on Expedia does not include VAT @ 17.5% We paid £70 + VAT for a double room = £82.25Also when booking through Expedia, your Credit Card guarentees booking, but no money has been taken at the booking stage. (Don't be surprised when you are asked for payment at the reception desk !)I wouldn't want to stay here for any length of time, as the small room would have eventually done my head in. My wife and I used this as a place to crash the night before a trip on Eurostar, and in this respect the room was fit for purpose. You can easily spend £200 for a room in this part of London, so this is pretty good value.Euston, St Pancras, and Kings Cross Stations are in easy walking distance (you won't need a cab unless you really are unable to walk). There is a pub next door which serves food, and there are many eateries within walking distance.	
Sep 16 2007	No room for you sir	Booked room for two nights through hotel website, then asked through email to extend by one nite, which they approved. Sure enough, on arrival there was no room, no person with my name on their booking list and no hope. I went to a cybercaf to print out my booking docs and suddenly they found the room (and my name) in their system. The first night however had disappeared and I had to go elsewhere for it (48hrs cancellation policy meant that I had to go back for nights two and three). Bizarre. The room itself on 4th floor was quiet (to the back) and in reasonable nick. I paid 75 for a single. I shall not go back.	
Aug 18 2007 	WONDERFUL!	I found the hotel likely after having escaped from the Alahanbra hotel (terrible) and i think we were really lucky. The people there are estremely kind and they gav e us the room at the top floor with garden view. It was very peacefull, no noise , we slept perfectly.the breakfast was huge, a very big buffet! we stayed there 8 nights. the location is perfect ..near to king cross's tube station and the area is safe in the night also.	
Apr 25 2007 	Bed Bugs!!!!!!	Bed Bugs!!!!!!! Room 23. Oh my goodness.... Please don't think that I am a fussy traveller, I'm not. I love a budget hotel but this one is dreadful. And not budget at £95 per single/night. I stayed there for one night. Well ended up checking out at 6am, woke up at 4.30am! The rooms are tiny and so hot and stuffy, carpets are grubby and above all I woke up to find huge BED BUGS crawling on me and large blood stains ALL over my sheets where they had eaten me alive! Absolutely vile. I have stayed in cheap backpacker accomadation all over the world including India and Bangladesh but I have never experienced bed bugs. Only saving grace are the staff, very nice people. Can't comment on breakfast as I made a very sharp exit and funnily enough, had no appetite......Do not stay here EVER.	
Apr 8 2007 	Atrocious hotel	Stayed here during a recent conference trip to London. Only chose the place because of the location which was situated close to Kings Cross station. Rooms are extremey small and musty and it can get quite warm in the summer. You're better off staying at one of the Premier travel inns for the price you pay for this place.	
Feb 1 2007 	Considered this as the worst hotel I have stayed in- for those desperate only!	I stayed at this hotel with my partner in September and let him make the choice of hotels, entrusting that he would have good taste. After he had booked and I myself looked at the reviews of this hotel, i had an instant feeling that we had made a mistake and we were not proven wrong To this day we are now extra cautious as we do not want to make this kind of mistake again! The hotel is on a side street and is extremely small from the outside, so is the reception, there is no particular lobby and we were put in a what I would describe as a box room on the first floor, had hardly any room to walk around, the head of the bed was against one wall and the foot of our bed was touching the window curtains and joined to the window sill, so you can imagine how small the room is, My partner and I had to give way to each other if either of us needed to step from the desk and chair area to the bathroom which is also extremely small with the shower, sink and toilet so close to each other, The door to the bathroom is thin can hear everything! The shower has a plastic curtain but the water is not contained in and leaks out onto the floor of the bathroom and down a drain, cannot walk around the bathroom without getting feet wet. Toletries provided were of cheap quality. The service is average, the one person front desk staff did not seem particularly bothered and was quite offish, told us that there were no other bigger rooms for that night but could offer to switch the next day if there were, When i requested for fresh towels in the morning I was told I can get them myself downstairs.The most positive note was the breakfast which was included in the price but was average, quite a nice cosy setting but the menu is limited in choice and service seemed very slow.What was intended to be a 3 night stay was cut short to one night only and we had to find another hotel, which there are an abundance of in London and for much better price and quality so personally I would only suggest that you stay here ONLY if desperate or feel is absolute necessary being close to Kings Cross station, Euston or anything else there nearby.	
Jan 19 2007	More B	I concur with the previous review, this hotel, or more realistically - B&amp;B - is ideal for small persons/couples wishing to stay in London.Overall I and my wife had an excellent experiance the four nights we stayed there, costs were excelent for the twin ensuit room - approx GBP45 per night - this was a special Xmas price from an internet site. Staff were very helpful and even lent me a laptop to access the internet from my rm on the second floor. Mac owners beware, the wireless network is incompatable.On the whole, I'd highly recommend this hotel if singles were priced below GBP50 and doubles below GBP60. Breakfast is a bonus, although bacon and eggs a bit on the small side.Location is ideal, two rail stations and three tube stations all within easy walking distance. Close to the British Museum, British Library and major universities. Also good access for shopping, sightseeing and the theatre. I will utilise this hotel again if the price is right.One major bug, the rooms are indeed small and bathroom unit is a must see if you get my meaning. As such, if a small person make the best of it, if a giant, avoid.	
Jan 7 2007 	OK for small people.	Definitely the smallest hotel rooms I have ever seen. The whole room is about the size of an average bathroom. But, the location is great, the price is reasonable (by London standards) and the staff are friendly.	
Aug 18 2006 	Highly Recommended Very Friendly Staff	I went to London to attend a course for 2 weeks on my own. I had originally booked a hotel through the internet but was disgusted to find that my room was dirty and completely substandard. So, after a horrible sleepless night I got up at 6.00am the next morning and went looking for another hotel in the area (Kings Cross). I luckily stumbled accross the Mabledon Court Hotel. It was located in a safe area, 3 minutes walk from the tube station (which is on the Picadilly line, which is ideal for travelling to any of the major tourist destinations). The staff at the front desk were very helpful - I was even treated to a complimentary breakfast that morning since I checked in so early. I stayed there for 2 weeks - all the staff were very friendly and accommodating which was nice especially since I was on my own there. My room looked out onto the street -I slept with my window open every night due to the heat but I never had a problem with street noise. My room was nice and clean, as was the small ensuite bathroom. Breakfast was lovely. I did find it a little expensive but not in comparison to other hotels in the area.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2006 	Run Away FAST!	I went there on August 10th 2006. I booked through LateRooms because we had to reroute our trip after the terrorist alert. We get to the Mabledon and get room 15. Well... let me just tell you, the room was as big as a post stamp and the bathroom was filthy. No fridge, the hair dryer was very old, the tv was tiny and with 5 channels only, in-room coffee facilities amounted to instant coffee. BEWARE of the &quot;wireless Internet connection&quot;!!!! For one, you can see a wireless network but you won't be able to access it. When you ask the manager (that had tried to convince me and my significant other to get romantic rather than surfing the net that night *right* from the get go, when we arrived and asked about it), he will tell you to go downstairs in the lounge. In the lounge you will find a router WITHOUT a modem barely plugged into the electrical line and, when you ask the manager why the router doesn't have a cable attaching it to the Internet he'll reply &quot;because it's all wireless&quot; (see, I work online everyday and do know how this stuff works). RUN AWAY as fast as you can. What they advertise is false, and their conduct is despicable. If you don't believe me, go there and check the router in the lounge.	
Jun 28 2006 	More B	Booked through late rooms at short notice this 'hotel' than served it's purpose with a room rate of £95 however I think they would serve themselves and their customers better to be described as a B&amp;B.Excellent location minutes from station. Room was a little small and décor dated however both room and bathroom were very clean! No air conditioning which can make for an extremely uncomfortable night in London in summer; however there was a fan in the room which helped. Tea making facilities in the room which was great as I arrived late.Staff were polite but quiet and breakfast was very good	
May 11 2006 	Very small room but good service	On my arrival they offered to put me up at their sister hotel round the corner because it would be a bigger room. I declined as I was quite tired and had chosen the hotel for its location. The single room was really small: there was hardly any space between the bed and the end wall, or between the bed and the small desk (see picture). The bathroom was nice and clean. The room was clean (except for the windowsill). The staff were really helpful and the breakfast room and breakfast were really nice. I imagine this is one of the smaller rooms, and I think the hotel is good for a short, inexpensive stay in a nice area of London.	
Jun 11 2004	Dreadful	I myself has just had the most awfull experience at this hotel. myself and a friend booked 6 weeks in advance, and phoned 2 days before arrival, told everything was fine. On arrival told they had no booking for us and no rooms available, told i could stay at their Bayswater hotel, however we would have to pay more for the rooms. spoke to the manager who i must say was the most unhelpful, and uncaring person i have ever met. Plus we didn`nt want to be right across the other side of london. We ended up at a another hotel who were cheaper and had wonderful staff. Don`t ever stay at this one, (if they actually do have any rooms)	
May 22 2004	Keep looking	My friend and I also had a similar experience as the two previous reviews. We had booked weeks in advance, and reconfirmed the day before. But when we got there they had to put us in another hotel in Bayswater for the first two nights. It was a waste of time and the hotel in Bayswater was terrible. I never got a reason as to why our reservation was changed when the day before they said it was confirmed. They did pay for the taxi to and from the other hotel, though. And the days that we spent at the Mabledon were fine. I liked the room. I just wish the mishap at the beginning didn't happen. And I have to say that Andy, who works at the front desk, was very helpful and kind. I won't stay there again, though, because it is too risky. 	
May 15 2004	problems	I was supposed to stay at the Mabledon between 05/05/04 and 09/05/04 yet only had the room for me for one night. I had similar problems as the previous tripadvisor reviewer. I'd booked my room 6months before and had re confirmed the booking 2 weks before arrival only to find they had no room booked for me, they didnt know who i was, a great welcome after an 11 hour flight at ten oclock at night? They could only accommodate us for one night, they booked us into another hotel off of Russell Square but when i asked if they'd pay for the taxi there the receptionist just said the manager would need to authorise that, and like the previous reviewer, he was never there!Had they have aknowledged responsibility i wouldnt be writing this as the staff were great and overall a decent hotel but it seems like somethings not working there! Be careful or better still dont risk it, lots of other hotels in the area!	
Apr 13 2004	Beware the Mabledon Court Hotel	1. Your &quot;confirmed&quot; booking may not be there when you arrive,or the dates may be wrong, eg., a few days short.2. You may be kicked out of your hotel room , your belongings removed without prior notification to you.3. Rooms are substandard, dingy, and may lack window curtain.4. The manager may be &quot;unavailble&quot;, and when does make an appearance, may be surly, unapolegitic, and haughty.5. No wake up call as requested. All of the above happened to us March 26-March 29, 2004. A most unpleasant experience. 	
Apr 5 2004	Small Rooms but Friendly Staff	The rooms were small, the bathroom even tinier, but the service was good. English breakfast in the morning was delicious and the wait staff was very friendly, the front desk people were friendly and accomodating. We had clean towels and shampoo/soap, and beds made daily (be out of the room by 10/11am). Although there was some noise from outside at night, we had no trouble sleeping as we had been sight-seeing all day. Stayed from 3/13/04-3/20/04; would stay again. 65GBP a night, we got a deal at www.orbitz.com. The last day we were there though, another traveler informed us she was staying at the Euston Plaza hotel (not far from Mabledon Court) which seemed much nicer, for the same price. Might wanna check that out.	
Feb 21 2004	Worth the money	We just got back from a short trip to London and stayed at the Mabledon Court Hotel for 4 nights. Since February is off-season, we reserved a double for 65GBP, about $130. The front desk people were very nice. Our room was on the ground level facing the street and we found it to be fine. We were worn out every day from so much sight-seeing, so at night we slept through any kind of street noise there might have been. We travel a lot and found the hotel room to be more than adequate for European standards. It was clean and we had fresh towels every day. We had a double bed, small table with 13&quot; tv that had 4 BBC channels, a hair dryer, coffee/tea maker, and our own private bathroom. The funniest thing about the whole hotel was that our shower was literally 24&quot;x24&quot;! (I had my sewing measuring tape on me.) We had to open the shower and lean out to wash our legs and feet. So if you need or want a large private shower, this hotel is not for you. Breakfast is included in the price and it was pretty good. You could have an English breakfast (eggs, ham, sausage, tomato) and/or cereal, fruit, and yogurt. It's more than enough to fill you up and get your day started. The location of the hotel is a short walk from the Euston Square, Russell Square, and King's Cross tube stations. The location was very convenient. It's also very close to a great fish and chips restaurant called the North Sea Restaurant on Leigh St. Overall, we'd stay at the Mabledon Court Hotel again because by London standards it's a good value for your money.	
Feb 17 2004	Thumbs up	I booked Mabledon Court on Expedia, without being able to find much poasted about it on the web, so I thought I'd share my positive experience. I found Mabledoon Court to be a good value in London. It's well located, just a little south east of King's Cross station (ergo very easy transit access), but off a safe and fairly quiet sidestreet -- we had a room facing the street and didn't have a problem sleeping with the window open all night. (If you are concerned about noise, you might try to ask for a room facing the back.) The front desk was pleasant and friendly, breakfast was very good, and overall the hotel and its furnishings were modern, clean and well-kept. If you enjoy the small-European hotel experience and don't require frills, I recommend it. I would stay there again, myself.(We got an off-season rate at Mabledon Court Hotel of 65 GBP per night for a two-person room with 1 bed and were there in February 2004. I think the hotel isn't air conditioned, and no doubt their summer rates are higher, so your mileage may vary.)	
Nov 7 2009 	Bien placé pour Eurostar mais chambres minables		
Aug 17 2009 	Pour un week-end ça suffit...		
Aug 8 2009 	cmere pulitecolazione abbondanteposizione strategica		
May 27 2009 	Catastrophe		
May 26 2009 	aïe aïe aïe		
Mar 25 2008 	Consigliato		
Sep 29 2007 	Piccolo ma grazioso		
