Nov 16 2009 	very good hotel on outskirts of centre	Stayed at the ramada docklands in november for weekend trip to london, very good hotel just outside of london and straight forword to get to, had a free carpark unlike others nearby, and was a short walk to dlr train station. We had breakfast each day on our stay of which you had excellent choose fruit cereals hot or cold buffet breakfasts. They was a bar and resturant, and a pub just a short walk away. The rooms where good and clean, our room over looked london city airport so you could watch the planes coming and going but was not really noisy cause room had double glass windows, i think the rooms at the otherside of the hotels benfited for views of london skyline? Booked through onhotels website and saved a bit from the normal rate. Would definatly recomend and stay there again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good value for seeing the sights of East London	This hotel was well-placed for the things we wanted to do on our family Summer trip, but would not be central enough to be a good base to see all of London. It was great for the Tower of London, the O2, and even the Museums at a push. We got a great value deal, which I guess is the reason to stay out of town, and I did enjoy our stay here. The bar was very welcoming and was a lovely place to relax after a day out, and the staff were friendly and helpful. Also, there is a fantastic Chinese restaurant a few steps away located, strangely, in a rowing club premises - but one of the best meals out we have ever had in London. And the DLR connects easily to Towerhill, so getting about is easy. We has a great holiday and would stay here again if we needed to be in this part of town.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent base for tourism.	From the minute we walked through the doors we were warmly greeted by the reception staff. We had decided on the way to London we would ask for an upgrade. The staff were very helpful and my husband managed to negotiate an upgrade to a suite of rooms. Although the rooms weren't prepared for us, within five minutes of arriving in the room, a member of housekeeping staff arrived to make up the spare bed and ensure we had plenty of towels. The staff were always friendly and welcoming and eager to answer any queries.The rooms were clean and spacious and we had a balcony overlooking the O2 Arena and Canary Wharf. The housekeeping was great, items were replaced in the bathroom with no problem. The breakfasts were great, my husband especially commented on how good the scrambled egg was. We used the hotel as a base for exploring London. Unfortunately the only way from Central London to the hotel is via the Docklands Light Railway(DLR) and this is a slow service. If you are planning a stay in this hotel, use the tube to Canning town and then the DLR to Prince Regent. For travelling round buy a Pay and Go Oyster Card, you can top this up as you need to.Overall we found the hotel great and would recommend it to friends and family alike. We would use it again. Please pass these message onto the hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very disappointed	Just got home after a very uncomfortable and unpleasant two nights at this hotel and feel compelled to write. In all fairness I am accustomed to a higher quality of hotel and on past trips to the area have stayed at either the Marriott (much, much better) or the Four Seasons (in a different league and price range obviously). But due to budgetary constraints at present I chose this hotel as being supposedly convenient for London Excel were I was attending an exhibition. I paid £106 per night including breakfast. The only good thing this place has going for it is a friendly and helpful reception staff. Where to start?My room (#603) was pathetically small and dismal, so much so that the freestanding wardrobe doors could not be opened without almost touching the bed. I was later told that this was one of the hotel's smaller rooms (why was I relegated to it??) and that I could have been moved if I had asked but I had already given up any hope of a comfortable stay. In the &quot;room&quot; my bed was so old that it was sagging on one side. When making a phone call I searched in vain for a hotel pen to make some notes to no avail and when I found my own pen reached for the note pad that had only one sheet of paper on it. And talking of paper, I was left a single roll of toilet paper that was almost completely used by the last guest and therefore removed it from the dispenser so that housekeeping could replace it only to find when returning to the room later that the near depleted roll had been put back in the dispenser! I resorted to using the sparse few tissues left in a tissue box. Back in the room, there was not even a mini bar to help drown my sorrows.But the worst thing was the breakfast. After my first night I had to be up early and was down for breakfast at 06.45h expecting to at least be rewarded as an early bird with freshly cooked food on the buffet. This hotel wins the prize for the worst mass of congealed, sloppy scrambled eggs I have ever seen, even first thing in the morning. Somewhat blurry eyed I broke through the crust that had formed over the eggs to reveal the grey/yellow slop beneath that had obviously been prepared hours before. One taste and I returned to the buffet telling a blank faced waiter that the eggs were inedible, the same applied to dried up chewy bacon. I settled for a croissant and a bread roll (nothing to complain about there).Finally the location is hardly convenient for Excel being a good 15 minute walk to the main entrance. Friends visiting the same event stayed at the Ibis, right by the entrance, and payed just £65 for a hotel that at least does not attempt to pass itself off as something it is not. Never again...	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent hotel good location	Just returned from a 3 night stop. We had booked to see Dirty Dancing in the WestEnd and wanted to do some sight seeing as well. We found the location excellent, the DLR ran every couple of minutes and it was only 10 minutes to the nearest tube station. We got from the hotel to the theatre in under an hour. It cost us £6.30 each for a transport pass that covered the DLR and all the tubes. We found the hotel excellent. Staff were very pleasant, the rooms were spotlessly clean as was the rest of the hotel. The breakfast was also excellent with plenty of choice and a good selection of daily papers. I'm suprised that other reviews have complained about the distance of the hotel from the city centre, you get free parking and the public transport is cheap, no congestion charge and the hotel is easy to get to from the M25.	
Oct 10 2009 	Although debatable location the hotel offers everything a good four star should	A friend and I booked this hotel through hotelscomparison.net and got a real good rate for the fact that we stayed at a four star - in London. The rooms are clean and spacious some of them offering amazing views over the Royal Docklands. Breakfast is excellent but pricy if you don't book it with the room. The restaurant is good but the bar mediocre offering small fast-food plates at rip-off prices. The staff is friendly to reserved and the general atmosphere is good, also recommended for families.	
Sep 27 2009 	good value excellant sevice	stayed just for 1 night..room overlooked the city airport but due to triple glazing was very quite, rooms were lovely and clean and staff at desk were very helpful..only a short walk to the DLR taking us into London ..breakfast was very good standard everything looked nice and fresh... would be happy to use this hotel again, also only a few stops down for the O2 which we could see from our room, and the pub on the corner is handy if you dont want to be in hotel all the time	
Sep 21 2009 	Great service nice rooms but a bit of a trip to the city	We really enjoyed our stay in the Ramada Suites, London Docklands. Yes, it is a bit of a distance from the centre of London. But we knew that. So if you're there for a few days get an Oyster card loaded with credit. Five minutes walk to the Prince Regent Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station, wait for a train (roughly every 10 minutes), 8 minutes on that , then switch to the Jubilee line, (every few minutes) and that gets you directly into the city centre (another 25-35 minutes depending on where you get off). So you can get to the West End theatres (for example) in 45-55 minutes. Coming back on the tube and DLR, we arrived back at the hotel after 11pm a couple of times after seeing West End shows. We both felt completely secure on the tube, DLR and last walk to the hotel. However, I'm not sure that I would be happy if travelling as a single female for that last 5 minute walk late at night (daylight its fine).So is the extra travel worth it? I would say yes. We had one of the suites, and because of that the room was far bigger than the usual London room, with separate bedroom and lounge/dining area. It was reasonably clean and tidy, everything was present in the small kitchenette. Our room had a great view of the docklands, the O2 (London Dome) and Canary Wharf. Yes, you do get a regular fly past by planes coming in to London City Airport, but you could hardly notice them through the triple glazing. In fact, I could imagine that for a family with small boys (and not so small), being able to watch the planes would be a great diversion. There's no traffic noise, we had no noise from other residents, and although there is construction work on the Excel site we didn't hear anything from that. Our only gripe about the room would be the air-conditioning. Very nice to have, but surprisingly loud. This is one thing the hotel does need to look at, but it didn't spoil our stay. The hotel also has some limited car parking (if you don't get a space there are lots of pay-to-park spaces). We arrived in the middle of the afternoon, and found quite a few free spaces, but when we went out after 6pm that first night I noticed that nearly every free space was taken, so a good tip seems to be to arrive a little bit early if you are driving (also avoiding London rush hour). The hotel was easy to find by car, and access to that side of London was fine for driving.What really made the stay good was the service at the hotel. This was excellent, everyone was really helpful, friendly and efficient. From the porters, and room cleaning staff, to the restaurant, catering, and reception, everyone did that little bit extra to ensure we had a great stay. We had breakfast included in our deal, and it was very good, more than enough to fill you up ready for a day seeing all the sights in London.Also, the hotel does have an exercise room, but its only about 4 or 5 machines (one treadmill). Fortunately, we were there during the week, for a leisure break, and found that it was pretty empty during work hours, if you wanted it.So to sum up, so long as you know you've got that extra bit of time to spend on the tube/train I would say this hotel is worth it.	
Sep 8 2009 	Bland value hotel on the outskirts of London	While it's tough to escape the wonderful deals that are to be had by booking in this hotel compared with what you'd pay elsewhere in London, you get precisely what you pay for. Compared to other hotels asking similar amounts elsewhere in Europe (in equally pricey cities), you get a hotel that lacks character, needs a full furniture update, takes quite some time to reach on the tube from central London, and sits right next door to an airport.I typically write reviews that are well balanced, and this is why I bring up the value and would mention that the hotel restaurant is quite good, however outside of these two positive features I would say that this hotel lacks in quite a few departments. The rooms are quite small and lack nice views. You are likely to hear planes taking off and landing at any time of the day, and if you're lucky you may also hear noise from the enormous construction site that is practically next door. The constructions are not set to be complete for some time as the works are being done in preparation for the Olympics.The service was ok, not too bad but not all that friendly either. The exception to this would be the restaurant, which had impeccable service and great food. Not a deal by any stretch, but a great place just the same. The location was far less than ideal. Some reviews have said it was an easy ride to downtown but I would have to disagree as it could easily take at least an hour, if not more, to get to most of the popular sites of London.Also, while knowing it was our honeymoon, the hotel did absolutely nothing to help us celebrate. Every other place we stayed provided a room upgrade, or flowers, or wine, etc. It was not a requisite, of course, but it did not go unnoticed just the same.I would not stay here again, nor would I suggest it to anyone I knew to be travelling to the area.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great value	Just got back from a two day break with my 6 year old daughter and my partner. Lovely room, with nice facilities. Staff were friendly and helpful. Nice location by the river with lovely views, not central London but great transport links literally a stones throw away. Lovely parks very close by. We took out daughter to Thames Barrier park which has a well equipped childrens play area. We found the hotels menu a little pricey but with a Premier Inn and The Fox pub across the road we easily found good alternatives. We'll definatly stay again. This lovely hotel is great value for money if you don't mind not being in the centre.	
Aug 11 2009 	Perfect for London City	As always your opinion is influenced for the price you pay but we stayed there for the second time with a heavily discounted price from Hotelsclick.com.The suites were amazing for the price we paid. Its a long way out from the city centre but well worth it, especially if you are travelling to London via London City Airport as we did, Breakfast included too. Returning in October.	
Aug 8 2009 	Nice quiet hotel	Just got back after 3 nights at the Ramada. Went with a set of 10 year old twins and wanted a &quot;cheap&quot; hotel where things were working.The room was nice, the extra bed not suitable for a grown up. (The children took the double bed). Well kept bathroom. Grohe tap and heated mirror to prevent dew, very good detail.Breakfast was 9,50 and kids were free. There was a wide range of everything, cereal, bread, eggs, bacon, meat and Nutella not to forget.Had dinner twice and it was a good standard and I will recomend if you decide to go back to the hotel early.Lots of newspapers, 5 og 6 different ones.The only thing is that it takes a while to get to the centre of London.But if you can live with it, you will get so much more for your money compared with hotels in central London.	
Jul 29 2009 	Key and Biscuits would have this perfect	Stayed for one night as a base for Wicked and Sarastro restaurant. This hotel gave the welcome option of a room for three adults, with the third adult having the lounge area of the suite.Arrived early but was immediately looked after by the reception staff, with bags locked away and car parked on the free car park this gave us the opportunity to get into London on the DLR (Ensure you have tickets, all the machine were out of order on Saturday 25th July and we got threw off the train and threatened with a fine, don’t you just love visiting London!)From the hotel it’s a five minute walk to the DLR and trains run into Central London every 10 minutes to Bank and Tower gateway where you can pick up the tube. (Get a travel pass £6.20 for the day zones 1 - 4).Our room overlooked canary Wharf and the 02 at night the view was amazing, unfortunately the doors to our balcony were all locked so we couldn't get full advantage of our beautiful room in addition biscuits with all the variety of drinks on offer would have been the final touch.The breakfast is worth every penny so make sure you book yours, everything about this hotel says five star, rooms, service, staff, position............One last comment, we were woken up by a dog barking in our corridor on Sunday morning, the management should review this policy as its not a great advert for such a nice hotel.Great Hotel if you don’t mind being out of town and for three/four adults sharing I don’t think you would beat it?	
Jul 26 2009 	excellent hotel	stayed for 5 nights and had a wonderfull stay at this hotel. located 10 mins walk from london city airport and 5 mins walk from the nearest tube station. breakfast excellent value at £9.50 , just remember that this hotel is in the heart of the docklands so dont expect to have high street stores on your doorstep but a short tube-ride will take you into central london in 20 mins	
Jul 25 2009 	really great family freindly and nice big room	Just got back from a 2 night mid week break with the kids 18 months and 7 ( there fist trip to Lonon) and had a really enjoyable time. the suite was large and well equipped mirowave, toster kettle and lots of room for two excited kids to run round. room service was fast freindly and not to expensive. the only note of frustration was on check in and check out we had lots of bags and 2 children and not one member of the staff offered any help there were 4 receptionist and two in uniform smoking on the out side of the hotel all whom watched us struggle in (we were the only customers at the desk)but even with that i would stay again without hesitationnice hotel geat for kids lee	
Jul 4 2009 	great hotel	excellent hotel verry freindly staff good location great breakfast verry comfortable hotel would defently stay here again .	
Jun 30 2009 	Good hotel not too far from centre of London	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights between 27/06-29/06 and had no faults with the hotel whatsoever. It is a nice hotel and the full english breakfast is really good. Not too much around the hotel, this IS the only down side but we didnt care, except a really good pub called the Fox Connaught which does the best Burgers ever.The hotel is only 20 mins max from the centre of London on the DLR and at weekends is only £6.30 (off peak) per person to travel everywhere in zones 1-4.If we were to go back we would deffo saty here again... I cannot see why some people have left negative reveiws. Stay here... you wont be dissappointed .	
Jun 27 2009 	Convenience hotel quite basic for 4 star no real complaints	Staff were friendly enough, swift check in, 5 minute walk from Prince Regent on the DLR. Room is clean, fine size, good selection of teas and coffees in room. Plenty of storage space. And free wifi, which is always good. It's very much a convenience as opposed to &quot;experience&quot; hotel. Breakfast is quite expensive £15 if I remember correctly, but to be fair, the food was good and there was an excellent variety. It's not fancy, but it does the job. A comfortable enough stay, but this hotel is not for people who plan on spending their time in central London, if you consider the cost of travel, paying that wee bit more for a central hotel may make sense. I can't help but think it's a tad overpriced for what you get. Overall clean, good staff, very much a standard hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fanstatic choice great value considering the delicious breakfast	I have to say that besides the glitches on the DLR due to preparations for the Olympics and the more than occassional shutdowns on the various tube lines, this whole hotel experience was really a wonderful stay, and easy to get aroud town- the walk from the DLR/Bus station was pleasant and quick, no need for a txi if you don't mind the walk.. I recommend it highly. The rooms are small but oh so comfy, the wireless totally worth it, the breakfast sausage sublime, with lots of different free papers and free wireless in the lobby. There was a huge wedding one night, and it was a wonderful party.	
May 4 2009 	Poor location never changed my sheets in one week breakfast buffet overpriced	This hotel is not at all what I expected. When we arrived at 10:35am, the breakfast was over and they could not serve us any food until lunch time. That is the ONLY place to eat there. It is located far from everything including the EXCEL convention center. They tell you to walk but it is a long walk and you really need to take the train- which is also far especially in the rain. If you want to go into London, the cab ride is 50poundsor the equivalent of $80 US. each way! Spent most of my time in cabs since the ride into the city is very congested and it usually took about 1hr. The sheets were NEVER changed during my entire stay of 1 week. The shower had mold and the bedding was old and dirty. They only supplied you with 2 towels and no washcloths. When asked, they said they had none. Very small rooms and bathroom and a tiny closet! Next time I will stay at a better hotel in the city. For what I spent on cab rides, I could have stayed at a much nicer hotel. Everyone complained.	
May 2 2009 	A top hotel in an excellent location	Stayed for just one night for the London Marathon weekend. It's very plush generally but the throw over the bedding was a bit grubby and the room still smelt of smoke so it lost its edge on that score. This however was outweighed by the views of London City Airport, the docks and the Thames Barrier (and the O2 arena at a push), and the excellent access into the heart of London via the Docklands Light Railway which was fantastic.Overall, a touch expensive, but great hotel in excellent location.	
Mar 3 2009 	Accommodation fine but F	Stayed here on a Saturday night as good location, Near DLR etc. Reception were very friendly on arrival and provided us with info we asked for. Bedroom was adequate with all usual amenities. Food and Beverage left a lot to be desired. Restaurant was Italian. We wanted Steaks etc after a long day and were directed to the Bar (only Bar snacks) so walked to Premier Travel Inn next door to eat. Came back and asked for Irish Coffee in the Bar to be told by barman he could not do them. Enquired in restaurant and nice gentleman from reception (I assume Duty Manager) made us 2 nice Irish Coffee’s complementary. Breakfast was very good next morning. Again Morning reception staff were very friendly as were housekeeping staff we met in the corridors.	
Feb 3 2009 	Top service at this hotel	For personal reasons i needed a couple of nights stay at a hotel so chose this well known name. The staff at check in were friendly and well knowledged. everytthing was explained well and i truly felt that the invite to contact them with any issues was genuine and well meant. I was truly made to feel like a guest rather than just another customer at this hotel.  The rooms have everything needed and all facilities one could require. The restaurant had a fab menu and delicious food cooked to perfection. While talking to the staff i was introduced to the manager who was very polite and welcoming to the hotel. The making of this hotel is the clearly the way it is managed to a very high standard. It is clean and very well kept and all of the staff are proffessional and friendly. I would recommend a stay here to anyone. It is perfectly situated with excellent transport links.	
Feb 2 2009 	Overpriced Tat again.	I was forced to stay here again for the London Toy Show as everywhere else was booked up. The cost was £150 a night with no breakfast, although they did try to sell me this extra on check in - £16, no.On check-in my card was refused twice on their machine, and it was not a problem with my card. I suggested that as I was in a rush for a meeting they kept my card and tried again, whilst I went to my room to get ready. After checking with the manager they asked if I could leave cash as a guarantee. That was a disgrace and not happening, so I waited. They tried another machine and it worked.The lifts are still small, hot and slow. The room was ok, but had a badly cracked lampshade and one curtain hanging partly off it's runner.It used to be a straight walk from the Ramada into Excel, but no there are building works at Excel that are taking some months to complete. I don't mind the long walk, but when it rained it was not fun. There was a courtesy bus during the show, but not running all the time.If you go to Excel use the Ibis or Novotel, they are much better.	
Jan 16 2009 	Standard business type hotel in London	The Ramada Docklands is pretty much what i expected, standard business type accomodation. Its clean, the rooms are fairly well appointed.The staff arent the friendliest - but this is London, and quite typical of other places i have stayed around the area. Also £100 isnt that much for a night in a hotel in London, obviously you get a lot more for your money in smaller cities. We stayed there when we attended an event at the O2, and was just a staging point for us, for this pupose it was ideal. It is within walking distance of the Excel, and the Docklands light railway provides links towards the O2 (although you do need to change onto the underground)It is right next to London City airport, although we did not notice any noise in our room.If you are going to the O2 or Excel, this hotel is perfectly adequate, and we would use it again for that purpose.	
Jan 15 2009 	Charmless and awful food	I stayed here for four nights while working at the London Boat Show at Excel exhibition centre. While OK for that purpose, I certainly wouldn't pay my own money to stay here.A hundred and one irritations with the room such asno radio stations available on the TVvery few TV channels, poor value for the moneyshower water never very hotsome shabby decorbadly cracked bathroom basinheater that did not really heat the roomcomplimentary magazines feature poker and caribbean living (Uh?)But worse of all was the restaurant. They tried to charge me £9.50 for a bowl of ravioli straight out of a supermarket packet and a dollop of passata straight out of the jar on top. They then kept it under a hot lamp so long it was grilled !! I waited 40 minutes for this culinary specimen on a quiet night as well.I complained, the waitress was not surprised and halved the bill. I wrote an official complaint but no-one has bothered to get back to me.Take my advice - stay somewhere like a Premier Inn or Travelodge. They don't pretend to be four star hotels.	
Dec 8 2008 	Not worth the money	3 adults sharing to see a show at the O2. Not the best drive to get the hotel, but that was mainly because of lots of works in the area. DLR journey to O2 no problem, just have to change trains at Canning Town. Hotel room overlooked car park at the back, double bed firm, pull out single bed hard, very lumpy and had a dip in it. No breakfast (extra £15 each) although free parking. Walking from DLR to hotel through scrub land didnt feel safe at all, wouldnt of walked if I was alone. Next morning asked Reception how to get to Spitalfields Market to be told he has never heard of it !! £100 for one night room-only money well spent? NO.	
Dec 4 2008 	don't bother with the Ramada	Definitely a no-frills hotel. Reception staff have as much charm as hungry goat. When asked directions to nearby ExCel a sweep of the hand and an “over there”. When the lobby PC charged me £1/minute for internet access, another voucher was slammed down the counter, and when this did not work, “do you know how to use it?” Staff will watch you struggle in through the luggage-unfriendly entrance.The beds are soft – as in zero support. There is a wardrobe IN the room and a tv that barely fits on the desk. No bathtub – just a double shower. Stud walls offer no sound insulation and doors are set to slam shut. Elevators are cosy.Service in the bar is dreadful – staff actually hide…The restaurant is to be avoided at all costs in the evening. Pasta dishes were soggily overcooked and tasteless. Pizzas not cooked, warm, doughy and tasteless. Garlic bread was a part-cooked pizza base covered in garlic and some form of fat. Breakfast is probably passable…The don’t care attitude is born out of the captive ExCel and City Airport clientele. Why try when you are not interested in repeat custom?Dreadful – the worst food ever presented in a UK hotel. Avoid the place… The Crowne Plaza seems to be the only hotel worth paying for close by ExCel.	
Nov 17 2008 	I have my doubts	Stayed for one night to attend the World Travel Market (WTM) 2008. I previously stayed at the Premier Inn (across the street) and the Travelodge (across the Canal) and have to say that these two hotels offer more value for the money. The room was ok, not very big, no Minibar, very soft mattress (my back is still sore) and also very cold when I checked in and it took forwever to heat up. The restaurant was absolutely freezing cold during dinner. Breakfast was nothing to write home about. More or less cold as well (including the coffee). It was, as promised, a full English Breakfast, but nothing else.Check-In and restaurant staff where very, lets say, indifferent.Something that has to be said for most Hotels and other service providers in the UK: Due to the fact, that most of the staff is from Eastern Europe, the level of service and friendliness in the UK has reached a desolate level. I have nothing against these people. When I travel in Eastern Europe I am used to this service level and steady improvements have been made over the past years, but unfortunately this is not the case for the people working in the UK.The location is great for the Excel Exhibition Center and for the Docklands. But as mentioned already, other Hotels nearby offer better value for the money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Choose another hotel for ExCel	I picked this hotel while attending a conference at ExCel, thinking it was close to it. It was quite far away, we had to use a shuttlebus to get back and forth. The hotel was not even shown on the public maps so it was very hard to find by foot.The hotel was also not worth four stars. The bed made noises and was uncomfortable, there was no minibar/fridge, no WLAN (just very expensive ethernet with an extremely short cable), and the view to the London City Airport wasn't particularly fine either. Also no CNN on television. And the firedoors made loud, annoying noises all throughout the morning with people walking in the corridors.Note: The ExCel is expanding and will apparently become closer to this hotel in 2010. Right now there is a construction site which blocks walking access and causes it to be very inconvenient.	
Aug 2 2008 	Too Far from Central London	Stayed here for a week on business. The hotel is fine, fairly standard business hotel, decent rooms, good bar, very good breakfast, restaurant very good for evening meal.For me it is was just too far out of London. It's a 5 or so minute walk to the DLR across fairly derelict areas / car parks then I had a long journey where I was going.It is great for the Excel centre (walking distance) and also London City airport is next door.NOTE : the area between Excel / DLR and the hotel is very deserted especially at night so be warned if staying on your own. There may be a shuttle bus available at the hotel, I think it is sometimes, if not there should be one for running to the airport + Excel + Dlr.	
Jul 17 2008 	Nice Hotel	Have just returned from staying at this hotel for 7 nights.Enjoyed the stay room was very nicely furnished and clean huge bathroom.Staff were all very pleasant and the english breakfast was good.Hotel a bit way out but easy to get into the centre of London by the DLR and tube using an oyster card it cost £2.50 near the way at peak time the journey would not put me of using the hotel again.The oval bar was a nice place to relax after a busy day in London had one bar meal which i really enjoyed.The hotel is very close to the O2 ARENA and the EXCEL EXHIBITION CENTRE.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great hotel for Excel	Great hotel for an extremely reasonable price. Check in was swift and the staff were very friendly. The room was very clean and modern. Typical corporate feel hotel. Good choice for breakfast and option to sit outside overlooking the river which was pleasant. Did not eat in the restaurant, but prices seemed in line with other hotels, if a little steep. Dined at a local pub within yards of the hotel, Foxs. I booked this hotel for the cost and location. For Excel, this is perfect, the venue was in sight from my room. Just a 5 minute walk. Free parking was an added bonus. My colleague's room had an excellent night view of canary wharf! Would highly recommend.	
Jun 20 2008 	Location good and bad Great Breakfast	I stayed here for three nights. I arrived into Heathrow so getting here via the tube and dlr took around an hour. The travel time into central london wasn't too bad.The room was okay however I ended up with a disabled room which was a bit annoying. Bed was comfortable enough.My onward flight was from London City airport which was extremely convenient.The breakfast was excellent with a great choice of hot and cold, even poached eggs which were cooked very well.I would only stay here again if I was using London City airport.	
Jun 9 2008 	OK	I stayed here on business in May 2008.Location:When booking my trip I spent a lot of time trying to plan my route from Stanstead Airport to this hotel, I have to say that the Hotel webpage was really unhelpful. The following is the best website for planning travel in London http://www.tfl.gov.uk/I travelled from Glagow to London Stanstead and then on to the Ramada by DLR via Liverpool St. Once I knew my route, the hotel was easy to get to (although it did involve a few train changes) but it was a bit remote. I don't think I would stay here myself in winter as there weren't many people about and I wouldn't fancy the walk from the DLR to the hotel in the dark.Service:No complaints at all about the service within the hotel, check-in and out were very fast and efficient and the staff were very friendly.Rooms:Rooms were nice and clean and were a good size. The bathroom was excellent with a massive double shower. Only complaint I have is that there was no information booklet in my hotel room so it took me a while to work out how to call room service and reception and to get pay TV.Food:I ordered room service, which arrived very quickly, however the food was not good. I had sticky toffee pudding and could't cut through it.Breakfast was ok, however they seemed to run out of a lot of things half-way through service and didn't replace them.	
May 23 2008 	Great hotel if you need to be at Excel	I have stayed at this hotel several times when I've needed to be at an event in Excel. It is modern and well laid out and is always clean and well-run, with very efficient staff on reception. Breakfast is great with a large choice of hot and cold food, and the bar snack menu is reasonable.This month when I stayed there, the only irritation was the time we had to wait to be served at the bar - there was not a queue, but the two staff on seemed to be on serious 'go slow'!	
May 20 2008 	Clean hotel but disappointed overall.	My fiance and I stayed at the Ramada because it was close to the O2 where we were going to see the Tutankhamun exhibition. The hotel was very remote, with nothing much around it. The staff were friendly and courteous, but it wasn't a hassle free stay! On arrival we found that there was a loud humming sound in our room. We rang reception and they promised to investigate. When we returned from the O2, we could still hear the noise and so we rang reception again to request another room. We were told the hotel was full. By midnight, the noise was unbearable and neither of us could sleep. We rang down to reception again and the hotel manager came up to our room. He agreed the noise was unacceptable and we were relocated to a suite. The suite was lovely, very spacious and clean. If we had been moved straight away, I would have no complaints about our stay on the whole.	
May 20 2008 	'Oh dear' that just about sums this hotel up.	Please take my advice, don't go to stay at this hotel. It really is the worst 4* hotel I have ever stayed in. It should be classed as a 2* or 3* at best. You would think that because the hotel has only recently been built and opened (5 years ago) that it would be pretty modern and state of the art. You would definatly be wrong, thats the mistake I made.We had to change rooms as the first room they gave us had a generator right outside the window. It was very loud and making the room vibrate. There was no way we could have had a good nights sleep with that making its noise all night.After being told the hotel was full after asking on 2 occasions to move rooms, on the 3rd occasion of asking (at midnight) we were eventually moved to another room.The 2nd room they gave us was also again very badly designed ie. The bathroom toilets waste pipe from the rooms above us went directly through our room. It was in a cupboard next to our bed and everytime a guest in the rooms above us went to the toilet, we could hear everything they did pass right next to us in the pipe. We had to put up with this all through the night. It was Awful!The rooms were small, very dull, had dark tired colours and beds that moved aroung the room when you sat on them as they were on wheels and not fastened to anything.The breakfast wasn't good either. They were very greasy and certainly nowhere near worth the £13.95 each the hotel was charging.There are plenty of other hotels situated around the London Docklands area, choose one of those or you will regret it trust me.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good place to stay	We booked this through otel.com and got a great deal for only 80EURO per night, per double room , including breakfast. Although is not in the city center, but you can take DLR+ Tube and it's about 20 mins to the city center. The hotel is very clean and business style. Our first room got some problem with the hot water , and after reflect it to the hotel manager, she upgrade our room to suite in the top floor , with great night view. The breakfast is excellent. It is with walking distance to city airport which is very convenient for us since we didn't have many luggage. We are glad for our choice	
Apr 14 2008 	Good Hotel..............Poor location	My online travel agent www.duniyakehotel.com got me a great deal on this hotel. The hotel is great. Great receiption, quick check in, big clean comfortable rooms and nice bathrooms. The breakfast was excellent. I chose to have the breakfast served in the room. It was complimentary. Everything is perfect with this hotel.............................................everything but the location. It's way out of central London. It's a five minute walk from Prince Regeant Station on the Dockland Light Railway. It's an isolated location. You are the only one at the station and on the road. It's less of London and more of a US city like Hartford, CT.	
Mar 31 2008 	So very Clean	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night to see The Eagles at 02 arena, early check in no problem, staff friendly. DLR station easy reached and brilliant price of (£5.90) for unlimited day travel.Very clean hotel , will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Nice room but isolated hotel	Far from downtown attractions even with the Docklands Light Rail (DLR). Service on the train was spotty b/c of Holiday weekend closures. This is an airport (London City Airport) hotel--probably great for business travel, but don't think about it for a family vacation spot.Train station is a few minutes walk, but the walk is through a very llarge parking lot and the front door of the hotel faces away from the train, so if it is raining or snowing, you resent that you can't get into one of the closer doors.Rooms are fabulous. Everything else costs a lot: English breakfast was 15 pounds. Continental was 8 pounds. They charge a pound for calls that would otherwise be free. Even the payphone in the lobby is set up to make more money than a phone call is worth.Also charge for the lobby internet access.Felt like I was being nickled and dimed...Some of the staff were friendly...others treated us like we were imposing.	
Mar 25 2008 	Curates egg	My wife and I stayed here at new year 07, and found it to be like the aforementioned curates egg, good in parts, starting with the good..the staff on reception were great,nothing was to much trouble,the room was quite large by london standards &amp; very comfy, the food was good and very tastynow the bad..the staff in the restaurant were the most lazy sullen staff it has been my misfortune to meet,the food was served buffet style but with 2 or 3 choices, a very poorly thought out menu, plus it must have been the only hotel in london NOT to be organising any festivitys for the new year,there was a 10 min walk to the nearest D.L.R. over a post apocalyptic wasteground (aparenttly there was free transport to the D.L.R., this involved a golf cart that sped away when you tried to get near it!!)	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Service	I booked 3 nights at the Ramada as it is perfectly located for flying into London City airport and 5 min walk from ExCel. We arrived much earlier than the check in time(2pm), but we were given rooms at 9.30am. The rooms were in need of a bit of attention (small hole in 1 of the walls) but were clean and big enough. The shower temperature had been limited so a hot shower was not possible. The matress was in need of replacement as we rolled into a dip in the middle, when I phoned reception the next morning I was told the hotel was full &amp; no other room was available until the next night, they did offer to put a board under the matress (which I declined).The 1st night we arrived back after the restaurant would normally have closed but a good buffet dinner was provided for guests coming back from ExCel. In any of my dealings with the staff I found them all to be VERY polite, helpful and friendly and this made the problems we experienced seem minor.	
Mar 19 2008 	Think I'll stick to Express by Holiday Inn !	This is the first Ramada I've stayed in and while there was nothing much wrong with it, I think I'll stick to Express by Holiday Inn in future. The quality of the Ramada was much the same, the type of neighborhood likewise, but my rate did not include breakfast (unlike the hotels in the EXHI chain, which always do).Also this particular property is located is a pretty desolate area - I took the DLR subway to Prince Regent station then had to hump my bags a 10-minute walk across deserted parking lots to reach reception. OK for me (lifelong urbanite) to do in daylight but less so I would guess for others or after dark.Reception was pleasant and efficient, room clean and bright, so no criticisms of the place iteself really, just its location &amp; what's included.	
Feb 13 2008 	Good for the City Airport	Excellent location for Docklands and City Airport (10min walk). Be aware the hotel is quite isolated. The walk to the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) is only half-lit and through dis-used car parks of the Excel centre. The only thing anywhere near is another hotel (Travel Inn) and a pub.The hotel itself offers smart, functional rooms. Walk in shower in mine, no bath and certainly not luxurious. I would say a good three star hotel.The breakfast on Monday was noticeably lower quality than the Sunday and some foods (yoghurts, etc.) were even out of date. Generally the fare on offer looked like seconds.Helpful porter but the female staff seemed very sour.	
Jan 21 2008	Great Service Super Location for Excel/City Airport	Stayed here January 2008 for London Boat Show at Excel. For once, the walking distance given on a hotel's website is true and accurate. It really is only 4 minutes walk to Excel. Great location for Excel, Canary Wharf, O2 and City Airport.We booked a suite as we were travelling with our young baby and arrived early from City Airport (Warning - some black cabs try to charge you a minimum fare of £20 for the 5 minute taxi ride from City Airport - Resist this and pay them what's on the meter - in our case £3.50. The hotel will book you a minicab/taxi for the trip back - they charge a little more, about £5-7, which is fair enough. If travelling without much luggage, it is an easy 10minute walk across the bridge). As we arrived at 10am our suite was not ready but Irene the Reception Manager couldnt do enough for us. She called housekeeping to see if there was any chance our suite could be done quickly and then promised to have it ready just before 12pm. We headed of to Excel and then at about 11am, the hotel rang us to say our suite was ready.The luggage (which we left in the Left Luggage room) was waiting for us in the room.The service throughout the stay was impeccable. The suite was a very good size and had great views of the river and airport (not too noisy).Only downsides:-1. the double bed a touch on the small side (seemed like a small 5ft, when you really expect a 6ft in a suite) and was too soft (reception said new mattresses were due to be fitted soon!);2.the bathroom was clean but a bit old fashioned and access to the bath/shower tap was difficult in view of a fixed glass screen oon side of bath;3. the restaurant dinner menu was limited - 6 mains, of which 3 were steak. Dessert buffet looks good but is fairly bland packet/frozen desserts. Dinner is a bit pricey. Interestingly the Room Service menu is more extensive than the actual dinner menu!All in all though for the convenience and service will definitely return next year.	
Jan 16 2008 	Nice for business	I stayed in this hotel over night as I was working the London Boat Show 2008 at Excel - which is just a golf buggy ride away!The hotel itself was good and clean, the staff helpful, and the breakfast was yummy. My room was very comfortable as was the bed and the bathroom was clean and well presented. All in all, it is good if you need access to Excel or are staying overnight in order to go to the O2 Arena however it is in a bit of a run down area, and I would not use it as a &quot;holiday&quot; hotel - it's more for business or as I said, the O2 Arena.	
Jan 11 2008 	Good hotel great for london city airport	We booked ths hotel because we were going to a concert at the o2 arena. its easy to find in the excel area of london.The hotel has a free carpark (we left our car there for a night after we had checked out and noone seemd to mind)you can walk to the airport across a bridge and although it is close, once in the hotel there is no noise whatsoever from the planes.Check in was efficient and staff are friendly. our room was good with a nice clean modern bathroom.hotel is a 5 minute walk to the DLR (docklands light railway) which is about 25 mins from central london and about 15 to the o2 arena.Staff were very accomodating with 3am room service and even brought the chip and pin machine up so i wouldnt have to go down in my pyjamas!!! They also refused a tip!!Check out was fine and i left my bag in their storage room with no hassle.	
Dec 19 2007 	Pleasant Christmas Trip	My Partner and I recent had a long weekend in this hotel on a recent trip to london. We picked it for easy access to London City Airport. Unknown to us at the time of arrival, it is an easy 10 minute walk with the footpath coming out directly at the hotel. Altho we since discovered the hotel have a shuttle bus but we had a wee trip on the DLR which required changing trains. Altho the walk to the airport isn't very well sign posted but was found in the end.Arriving at the hotel early, we weren't allowed to check in early but were given secure facilities to leave our luggage within the hotel in order to enjoy our morning in London. The hotel is situated nicely between 2 DLR stations. Area is desserted which is a bit uncomfortable at night but it is lit and we encountered no problems.Staff at the hotel appeared to be a mixed bag. Girl on reception when we first entered the hotel didn't speak very good english and wasn't keen to helping. Other staff were happy to help.Hotel is very quiet and relaxing. Once inside the hotel there was no noise from other guests, the DLR or the airport. Even with the hotel full of Spice Girls concert go-ers.The standard room was a fair size and was very clean &amp; tidy. only down side we found was the tea/coffee facilities was inside the wardrobe and needed taking out in order to be plugged in. Was quite awkward and the milk/cream wasn't of a good quality. Room had temperature control and was very comfortable. In the lift area, there is a seating area with views over the river.We stayed 2 nights and had breakfast each morning as part of our package. The weekend breakfast was slightly better quality than the week day selection altho both had a large selection of both hot &amp; cold foods. Dairy products however were passed their sell by date which appears to have been overlooked by the staff. the dining room overlooks the river which makes for a pleasant dining.Overall, the hotel helped make it a great weekend.	
Nov 27 2007 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed in this hotel as part of a package to see King Tut's exhibition. What a bargain, fantastic room, service was excellent, all staff members were more than helpful and beautiful surroundings. It is withn a 5 min walk from the Docklands Railway giving you access to central London for under £5 for a day ticket travel where you like!!!Room was spotless, plenty of tea and coffee and enough choice of pillows, extra bedding extra.Will be staying here again.	
Nov 27 2007 	It's Okay!	This hotel is a little out of the way but the plus is that the DLR is a 4 minute walk which will link you to just about anywhere you need to travel to in London. The staff could have been a little bit friendlier since it is a hotel and hospitality should be one of their main goals. There were no problems with checking in early. As far as the rooms are concerned, I think they need to renovate a great deal. Our ceiling had a long crack in it and the decor was rather blah. The matress was not that great as well.Overall, you get what you pay for with the hotel! As I mentioned, my plus was the location because you are only steps away for the DLR. Also for those that enjoy the art of exercise, there is a small room that poses as an exercise room with an outdated treadmill, elliptical machine, and bicycle. You can also opt for a jog around the docklands.If you are looking for a quick place to eat and shop, Canary Wharf is only a few train stops away on the DLR.	
Oct 30 2007 	Fabulous hotel bit out of the way though	Fantastic hotel, fantastic staff, fantastic breakfast but most fantastic was the shower!The location is a bit out of the way but London is easily accessable with Prince Regent DLR 5 min walk from the front door of the hotel. I stayed in another hotel directly prior to this and this is brilliant value for money if you are willing to travel a little longer to get where you want. There is also ample free parking to the front of the hotel. And the view is fantastic from the side of the hotel of the Thames, directly beside the London City Airport but not once was I disrupted by the sounds of planes.A very pleasant stay and I highly recommend it.	
Oct 8 2007 	South London location	Newly renovated Ramada in the rapidly growing South London/Docklands Canary Wharf area. Location is must more advantageous for those attending events at the new O2 arena than central London. It's a good 90 minutes from Heathrow via 2 underground lines and the Dockland Light Rail system; would be a 75 pound cab ride ($150), yikes but literally a 10-15 minutes walk to the London City Airport. Staff is friendly, restaurant and bar are what you would expect from Ramada. Clean rooms and bathrooms, standard size room from UK/Europe.	
Sep 21 2007 	We wonlt be using again	I stayed here with a colleague on business. We were working at Canary Wharf and this was the nearest we could get. I won't be recommending this place to any of my colleagues.The rooms were nice and clean and very spacious - I was upgraded to a suite. Breakfast was good and so was room service.The thing that lets this place down is the location and the mini cab service they insist on using. The hotel is located in the run down and desolate area of the docklands. So unless you're there for the o2 arena, you're stuck in the middle of nowhere and an expensive cab ride to anywhere of any interest.If you are going here - take a supply of taxi numbers with you, becuse the firm the hotel uses is useless. The first night we asked for a cab to take us to a party in Chelsea - it took nearly two hours to get there because the driver didn't know where he was going and didn't have satnav. In fact he started to get rather angry with us because we didn't have any directions for him - usually an exact address and postcode is enough for most taxi drivers to find their way. The next morning we asked for a cab at 8.30am - at 9.45am we were still waiting for it to arrive and when it did, we had the same irrate driver as the night before - not uncomfortable at all!Overall - this is not a bad place if you can get a good deal and somewhere to rest your head for the night, but do call for your own taxis.	
Sep 7 2007 	Get what you pay for...	I chose this hotel as a base for my husband and I whilst we visited our familys in the UK. It was conveniently siutated in the Docklands which makes it easy to travel between East London, South London, Hertfordshire and Essex.I booked a Suite. The suite was smaller than I had expected. It had 1 bedroom, a lounge with limited kitchen facilities and a bathroom. The bed was fine if not a little small. We were staying 8 nights and were provided with 5 hangers ? I requested more (twice) and ended up with a total of 10 hangers - I eventually got more from my Mum.The lounge had a 2 seater sofa and 2 armchairs. They were hard and uncomfortable. The telly was fine but didnt have access to Sky (foxtel). Their in house video library was poor, offering 18 old films and expected to charge 7.50 GBP per film ! The kitchenette had a small fridge and provided limited crockery and cutlery. They did not provide washing up liquid, tea towels, paper-towels or a sponge to wash up with, we had to buy that...They also did not provide a corkscrew and when we asked to use one from the restaurant they said we would have to bring it back quickly as it was the only one !We used the tea-bags provided and once gone were never replenished (same goes for the shower cap?). The suite did not have a washing machine so I enquired about a laundry service. Firstly due to the majority of the staff being from eastern europe trying to communicate effectivley was frustrating to say the least. I am from London and found it really annoying when a member of staff did not understand the word &quot;knickers&quot; ( I was asking how much it was to launder underwear ) she had to ask a collegure to take my call. When we finally broke through the language barrier I discovered they charged 3.30 GBP ( around 8 AUD) for each piece of underwear....Suffice to say I did not use this service.The staff were friendly enough but to be honest their understanding of the english language wasnt great and so their spoken english was poor. Not what you expect in the heart of London. Location is good. Hotel is clean, but thats it. An average experience.	
Aug 31 2007 	Brilliant hotel for anyone staying overnight after seeing gig at 02 Arena	Stayed at this hotel Saturday August 11th 2007. 3 friends and myself decided to stay overnight in London because we were there to see Prince perform at the 02 Arena on the Saturday night.This hotel was just perfect for that. The Dockland Light Railway (DLR) is a very short 3-minute walk from the hotel, and once you catch the DLR and get on the Jubilee line, it's very fast and easy to reach the 02 Arena. You just get off at the Greenwich stop, go up the escalator and out through the doors and there is the 02 Arena (formerly Millennium Dome).We booked the Ramada hotel because it worked out cheapest so we were expecting a pretty basic stay. In actual fact, the rooms were lovely, spacious, with large bathrooms stuffed full of Neutrogena toiletries and with huge walk in showers.The wardrobe was huge and inside we found a good refreshments tray, extra pillows etc and an ironing board &amp; iron - very useful!The staff were particularly attentive, friendly, helpful and had great knowledge of the area and transport facilities. The restaurant was pricey and so was room service (£17-18 for fish &amp; chips? No thanks!). We got back from the concert and had a few drinks in the bar, which was really pleasant and then went back to the rooms. In the end, we had chips with ham &amp; cheese Paninis for around £12. The food was fresh and there was plenty of it and it arrived very quickly.If I went to another concert at the 02 Arena, I would not hesitate to book this hotel again, all in all a wonderful stay in a great hotel with fantastic views over the Thames.	
Aug 31 2007 	Loved the hotel but too far from main sites in London.	Location:Far from central London. Took us about an hour on the metro/DLR to get where the attractions and sites were. No restaurants around. About 5 blocks to the DLR which connects to the metro. Hotel in Zone 3 so metro is more expensive, though not much. Room: Very nice. Clean spacious. We were really happy with the room. Has Air-conditioning. No noise at all. Had one window with an ok view. We had a room for 3 which consisted of a queen size bed and a fold out bed from the sofa. All 3 beds were really comfortable. Very clean.Had many outlets and the hotel would let you borrow adapters needed.Bathroom:Big very clean. Included shampoo, conditioning, body lotion, shower caps, good quality soap. Excellent bathroom.Service:Very friendly. Had a restaurant and bar with somewhat expensive food. WIFI internet around bar area.	
Aug 13 2007 	Just off perfect!	This hotel was absoloutly fantastic! It was extremely clean (very important to me!!) and all the staff were really nice friendly and helpful. It had a nice bar (The Oval Bar) and the Waterfront restaurant was really nice for a treat ( we found it a bit expensive, but so is everywhere to eat in London!) There is a nice bar/restaurant across the road at the travel inn which had great food (bar meals and restaurant meals) and wasn't too pricey. The DLR (Docklands Light Railway) was just 4 mins walk from the hotel. The DLR is a great way to get to Tower Gateway (10-15 Mins), and from there you can get anywhere in London! Overall i thought the hotel was great value for money (make sure you check a travel search engine for good deals, which is what i did.) Would definatly stay there again!!	
Aug 11 2007 	Bright 	Recently spent 5 days at this hotel with family. We were allocated a Suite for our stay and this was cleaned on a daily basis and we were provided with fresh towels regularly. If you are travelling with older children, i would recomend asking about a suite it provides a Kitchen/Living area with a sofa bed, &amp; a seperate bedroom. There is a small hallway upon entering the accomodation, plenty of storage space and there is also a Fridge, Microwave in the Kitchnette area. The area does not provide may places for eating. There are a couple of Restaurants situated around the West Entrance of Excel and this is about a 15minute walk from the Hotel.The Waterfront Restaurant is bright, clean and offers traditional English Breakfast as well as Contintental, staff are both well trained and helpful. Both check-in/check-out was smooth and we encountered no problems during our stay. Please be advised that the Hotel is situated across from London Excel and is next to London City Airport. Once the last flight has arrived/departed around 11.00pm the area is quiet. The Docklands Light Railway is less than a 10minute walk &amp; you can purchase your travel tickets from the ticket machines at the station. Canning Town provides easy access to the Jubilee Undergound Line and Buses to Central London. DLR -Tower Hill/Bank stations provide a better access to more central underground lines and buses. The overall journey time to travel from DLR Prince Regent to Westminster is about 40minutes. Tower Hill provides easy access to The Tower of London &amp; Tower Bridge. Bank is a good starting point for St Paul's Cathedral and Fleet Street. Transfer time from Gatwick Airport to the Hotel is overall 2Hrs (allow time for 2 changes you need to make). Heathrow may be more accessible. We will definately visit the hotel again should we return to London for another holiday. Please keep in mind if you intend to book this hotel.......IF YOU DO NOT MIND THE TRAVELING, THE HOTEL IS SITUATED IN A QUIET AREA AND IS VERY SUITABLE FOR BOTH COUPLES AND FAMILIES.	
Jun 5 2007 	Have stayed at better hotels	This was only a one night stay, but it was an ok experiance, we have stayed at other hotels in the docklands quite often and they are better.Breakfast was delivered to our room and was ok but coffee was cold.would only stay for one night and it was expensive for one night!	
Feb 23 2007 	Poor service	Rooms very clean, do not understand how a hotel can run out of Boddingtons and Guiness for 2 nights when there is a major exhibition on and all the exhibitors and visitors were staying and/ or drinking in the hotel. Lifts were to small and very slow	
Feb 17 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights in February 2007. Room prices on the web vary so check with a large website like --------. The room was cleam and comfortable with nice toiletries (Neutrogena). Our room had a view over Victoria Dock. There is not much to do round the hotel, but it is nice for walking and convenient for the city with the DLR only about a 10 minute walk away. The reception staff were polite and helpful and we managed to get a free parking space which was a great bonus. Our room price included breakfast which was one of the best hotel breakfasts I have ever had. It was self service buffet, fruit, yoghurts, rolls, continental and full english, it was very well cooked and the staff were very friendly. I will definitely be going back to this hotel.	
Jan 10 2007 	I am Impressed!	This is my second review since Mar 06 and I am pleased to say that nothing has changed. I stayed here during the boat show and the hotel was extremely busy.I ate the buffet dinner in the restaurant and it was superb. Fresh juicy slices of beef and pork, a chicken curry and what looked like a lovely vegetarian selection. Once the Chef had encouraged you to eat far too much, you were tempted by 5 different desserts! Those that didn't want the buffet could still eat from the a la carte menu.The only thing I wanted to do was to lay on the bed! Stuffed!Spoke to the General Manager and the Resident Manager and complimented them on the food and the staff who although busy were very friendly and helpful.My other comments remain with regards to location to Central London, but the ExCel is only across the road.A special thanks to the bar staff who looked after us till 3am without moaning!I look forward to my next visit.	
Dec 12 2006	Her Majesty's Pleasure	The journey to Ramada was the best part of the whole stay to say the least, the staff were rude and unattentive, it took us about 10 minutes to get seen, ordinarily this may not be that bad if they were busy but there was only 1 person infront of us. The lift to the room was the smallest thing I have seen, a lilluputian would turn claustophic in such confined area's, and finally we reached the room, oh what can we say, somewhat sparse, but I dont think that they were going for the minimalist approach just lack of, asked for a double they achieved this is spectaular style by giving us a twin!!!!!!!!!The table light was flickering and shorting out everytime reminded me of some sort of hovel somewhere. The shower turned out to be pretty good just a shame it was contained in the hotel, the layout was not very practical, who in the right mind creates a shower the same level as the main floor, the water did not really drain more like jsut stayed there ( anyway it stayed longer than we did) or helpful, the doors seemed to be stolen from some machine of war, doors that big just looked plain out of place, suffice to say that we choose the breakfst option for which we opted out quick smart, never left a hotel so early or so quickly. This is not a 4* hotel as I have stayed in some in my time this was more a 4 pebble hotel. We will not be frequenting to collect our frequent flyer miles.That song that goes I want to break free never really meant much to me until that day when we stepped out and breathed the air of freedomPeeved 29	
Dec 6 2006 	Will stay here again!	We stayed here for just one night and were only sorry we weren't staying a bit longer! We were upgraded to a suite at no extra cost so had absolutely loads of space; living room with small kitchen area, bathroom (with bath &amp; shower) and huge bedroom with a king size bed! The bed was extremely comfortable - to the point where we overslept and were almost late for checking out. I cannot comment on the catering facilities though because we didn't use them. Yes, the air-conditioning unit was quite noisy but we spoke to the Manager who turned it off overnight so it wasn't a problem for us.Yes, the hotel is isolated but we didn't find this a problem as it's only a 5 minute walk to the DLR's Prince Regent Station so we were at Canary Wharf in 20 minutes (door to door) where there are plenty of places to eat and a great shopping centre (we were in London specifically for Xmas shopping). It's also easy to get into Central London using the DLR (Knightsbridge in under an hour door to door). Even if you have a car with you - who wants to be driving around Central London and then paying a fortune to park for the day (&amp; possibly the Congestion Charge)?! This brings me to the other advantage here - FREE car parking which is virtually unheard of in London.I stay in London from time to time for work and would defintely use this hotel in the future.	
Oct 2 2006 	good hotel	i stayed here for 3 nights in a suite and thought the hotel was very nice. the rooms was large and very clean,well equipped with small kitchen etc. the only fault was that the bathroom was small. all in all i tought that the room was very comfortable. the food was quite good in the restaurant and as somone else has said you dont have a choice here simply because there is nothing to do in this area unless you hop in a cab to canary wharf and after a hard day at the exhibition centre i dont think anyone would be bothered. the menu was quite small and expensive but the food was good and the service was very friendly. overall i would stay here againg i i was in the area and do not have any complaints about the hotel in general.	
Aug 14 2006 	This is not a 4 star!	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Ramada Hotel and Suites at Docklands and felt compelled to write a review. Myself and my family (2 adults + 2 children) stayed in a suite for 2 nights and I specifically booked a 4 star hotel rather than a 3 star closer to the city as I was happy to sacrifice location for compfort. However, the stay was epitomised by poor service and below average appointments. When we arrived at midday we took our own luggage to our rooms (with our girls lugging some cases as well) we noticed that the sofa bed was not made up and there were only 2 towels. We requested that this was fixed and when we returned at 6.30pm they had still not got around to it. We had dinner in the restaurant (which does not cater to children - there are no children's menu's nor could the chef do half portions as they did not have a facility to charge half price on their system. Also, even though we were the only diners in the restuarant at 7pm we still had to ask repeatedly for staff to come to take drink orders, meal orders and other requests. The same in the bar. The other issue we had was that the mattress was diabolical - you could feel every spring and so by the next morning was a little sore! When we asked if the mattress could be changed that morning, we were advised that it would be done as the hotel was very quiet. Again, that night and no changes were made. We then asked if we could have a spare duvet to soften the springs and were advised 2 hours later that there was no spare duvets, blankets or quilts of any kind. Whilst the hotel room itself was a reasonable quality and a good size, the service really let our stay down and I think they should really rethink their 4 star rating as it is certainly not justified when compared to other 4 star hotels.	
Jun 28 2006 	Great stay great service great food and trust me I am picky	The hotel is in the middle of nowhere only really suitable if you are attending a conference at Excel and can afford to pay the hotel food prices (which were not really that expensive). I stayed for three nights and was upgraded to a suite which was a nice surprise and the suite had plenty of space for me. I eat in the restaurant on each of the three nights and the service and food were both fantastic. The servers were attentive and all the food I had was great. I can usually find something to complain about - but here everything was very good and I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 8 2006 	Great for London!	Stayed here April 06 for work, i think the double room cost about £140 including breakfast. Overall, i was impressed - the experience was pretty much enjoyable, which is almost never true of staying anywhere under £200 a night in London.Good stuff:Comfortable bed; very quiet - triple glazed against the planes taking off from City airport next door, i didn't hear a think and i'm neurotic about noise. Also none of the usual furniture dragging / door banging noise you can usually hear in hotels; nice decor; clean, new bathroom; freebie mags in the room (including a couple you'd actually want to read; FREE parking (yes, you did read that correctly - i thought they were having me on) for the first 30 or so spaces outside the hotel, and about £12 between 9 and 5 for masses more; very easily accessible by road; impressive breakfast - fresh fruit, reasonable baked goods and cereals, edible cooked stuff and even waffles and french toast.Slightly less good stuff:Can't turn the aircon fan off over night. Didn't bother me that much, but a bit annoying; and no bath, only a big walk in shower. I'm really being picky here, there was nothing really to complain about. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Overall, if you want a good night's sleep at a reasonable price, this one ticks all the boxes.	
Mar 30 2006 	Good for a short break	The hotel was nicely decorated and seemed to have undergone refurbishment downstairs.The two main problems I had were:-Booking the room- The member of staff I spoke to on the phone couldn't understand English and when I checked in I also found that it was very hard to find an english speaking member of staff.Air Conditioning in the room- The room's window did not open so you had to rely on air conditioning. It was so noisy at night that when it came on automatically it woke me up!Otherwise the hotel would be a nice place to stay but rather remote.	
Mar 16 2006 	Decent rooms few amenities poor service	Stayed in March 06 due to proximity to Excel. Reasonable walk across the parking lot to the DLR train station, Prince Regent. You'll need that train to get away, since the Ramada, another hotel, and a pub are all that are at this end of the earth. Rooms are decent-sized (downright large for Europe) and were clean. Bar and restaurant are fine. No exercise facility. Rooms inexplicably offer no washcloths and no bar soap for the shower - that liquid substance in the shower ain't soap, folks, it's for the hair and will still leave you ripe. The real problem with the Ramada was the service. We found the front desk to be ill- or uninformed on several matters (there was indeed a cart to and from the Excel in the am and pm [this was answered incorrectly twice]; yes, you do need dinner reservations at the restaurant) and downright rude to a guest of ours on one occasion (honest, they told her to &quot;look around the bar and restaurant&quot; for me rather than simply ringing my room). Poor service and lack of a few mundane items hamstring what should be an unmemorable but certainly not negative experience of this hotel.	
Jan 29 2006 	good hotel very bad restaurant	during my last visit to London, I stayed in the Ramada as it is near the excel center where i was attending a show....the rooms are spacious and clean...a little bit noisy but generally ok....the disaster was the food and the service in the Brasserie-Restaurant....for 2 days we couldn’t have a decent meal...asked to speak to the manager and for our surprise we have been told by a young lady that he was having dinner in the room!!!!even if at the end we didn’t pay, and the maitre tried to be as friendly as possible, that didn’t help as the damage was done and instead of dinning experience we had a dining catastrophe	
Oct 7 2005 	ugly surprise....	we stayed in the ramada last year and it was above average, the bedrooms were spacious and clean,the food was great and the service too....thats why we decided to return there this year....and as it appeared it wasent a great choice...the hotel is still new, the rooms great....but what happened to the food and service? i do not know....the 1st day we couldnt order from the a la cart menu as the only choice we had is a buffet dinner, the second day also (the same buffet) so we had to have the same food again...on the 3rd day the restaurant supervisor (Atik) received us with a smile saying that today the a la carte menu is available so we ordered the food, and waited and waited and waited more the 40 minutes for the starters, and we were not alone everybody was waiting while the waiters and the supervisor dint have an answer why all the delay...50 minutes and the starter arrives....i asked for the second course directly but i had to leave the table after again 40 minutes as my sirloin steack and lamb arrived overcooked....we thought it is a hells kitchen episode...even if the waiters tried their best, and our poor supervisor didnt know what to do, when i asked for the restaurant manager no body came, and no body found him or found the duty manager...i didnt know what the problem was as no body could explained it to me except the supervisor saying that there is a problem in the kitchen....but this is not enough especially that last year was better and normally in hotel things should improve.....now i am not sure if i will be back next year....	
Sep 7 2005	Nice View over Royal Victoria Dock	We stayed a week at this hotel and found it very nice. Our suite overlooked Royal Victoria Dock which is a large expanse of open water. The room had been fully stocked with breakfest supplies although we didn't ask it to be but it was appreciated. The hotel is about a 3 minute walk to the London Docklands light rail and then a 22 minute ride into the Tower of London. The breakfest in the restaurent was a little pricey but the staff seemed to realize this and gave us the kids meals (who ate more than we did from the buffet) Once again no mention of this hidden benefit had been made before we ordered just when the bill came. The hotel sits right next to London City Airport. The hotel itself is well soundproofed . My son enjoyed sitting watching planes landing over Royal Victoria Dock. The area the Hotel sits in is where the Olympics will be held. Right now except for the Royal Victoria Dock there is nothing at all around the hotel which gives it a somewhat isolated feel but we fond it relaxing after a day in London.	
Feb 3 2005	Good hotel but isolated	Have stayed at the hotel twice in 2004. Good weekend rate available. The hotel has always been clean and the staff friendly and helpful. It is situated very close to London City Airport, but the double glazing is very effective and you rarely hear any noise from the airport. The airport is also fairly small and not busy. The restaurant and food are good as is the bar. The only down side is that it is situated in an isolated location. OK if you have a car, not too good if you rely on public transport. It is about a 10 mins walk from the railway station (Docklands Light Railway) and about 40 mins into central London by DLR and Tube. There are also few alternative bars/restaurants nearby. However, at weekends, it is a quiet hotel with ample, free parking - something difficult to find in London hotels closer to the centre.Double rooms are big enough for 2 and comfortable. However, the rooms I have stayed in did not have baths (tubs) just large showers.	
Oct 23 2004	enjoyed my stay	I have to say after reading the last review, that it is unfair to describe the service and the food in the hotel where i stayed for 2 night on the 15 and 17th of october with my 2 friends in a suite the way the last review describe it.while the 1st night in the bar was not great because the bar was overcrowded and the food was late and i think some time even if it is a smoking area it should not be like an electricity plant, i saw how everybody arrived and tried to order first and even my sandwich when it arrived was snatched by another guest from the tray leaving the poor waiter looking shoked and the manager that night had to talk to the gentelman that snatched the food and apologize to me. But believe me i would not wanted to be in the place of the waiters or the managers that worked that night.for the following night the restaurant was open (which was a good idea), a buffet was offered and the service was excellent, after that we went to the bar and everything was just great the only thing is that too many strange people were in the bar that night singing alone and meditating and looked a litlle bit scary.the rooms are great and the bed very comfortable.it is a hotel where i will stay again	
Oct 21 2004	FAWLTY TOWERS		
Oct 10 2004 	Excellent Hotel but not for people visiting central London!		
Sep 29 2004	Very Nice Hotel		
Sep 19 2004	Lovely suite a long way out.		
Sep 12 2004	Ignore the review below		
Aug 23 2004	Awful Experience		
Jul 30 2004	BFE		
Jul 14 2004	most enjoyable stay in london		
Jun 11 2004	LOVED the Ramada Docklands		
Apr 19 2004	Great Bar!!!		
Nov 4 2009 	Des atouts indéniables pour ce très bon hotel parviennent heureusement à compenser l'emplacement		
Oct 9 2009 	Für den Preis ein super Hotel		
Sep 13 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Mar 15 2009 	Sehr schönes Hotel aber mir persönlich zu weit außerhalb für Citytour		
May 6 2008 	Idéal pour découvrir Londres		
