May 9 2009 	Good Value	This is not the Ritz but it is extremely convenient. being very near Victoria Station and an easy walk to Buckingham Palace. Breakfast is not included but there are lots of places to choose from close by and 2 of those offer discounts for guests of the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was recently renovated with fresh paint and a new laminate floor. Definitely an excellent value for basic accomodation.	
Aug 17 2007 	Youth hostel experience-good enough	I was amused at the reviews I have seen on this hotel. There seemed to be mixed reactions. I felt it was nice enough for the type of hotel that it is - namely, a youth hostel type. I found out about it on the youth hostel website. I did think the rates listed were slightly misleading - it listed its cheapest rate as 25 pounds, when I got there they said the only room available was one for three people which cost 48 pounds. Plus there was a 1 pound plus charge for using my checkcard. It was on the 5th floor or a tiny row-house type building so I had to walk up 4 flights of steps. Neverthless it looked nice enough. It apparently is under new management and has been renovated recently - looked like it had a new paint job. For my purposes I think I am just as happy to walk up since I can do it and I feel more secure that way. They had a bathroom on each floor and there were three small rooms on my floor. The other two rooms filled up - I think one of them may have had their own bathroom. The people I saw seemed very nice. The bathroom was small but adequate. However when I took a shower the water was only lukewarm. The great advantage to this is its location - it is on the next block from Victoria Coach Station and a couple of blocks from Victoria Rail Station. As I understand that London is very pricey I suppose it is a good buy considering. All I wanted was a place to spend the night as I was leaving early next morning and for that purpose it was adequate. They did not include breakfast but Victoria Coach station has lots of fast-food type places inside the station-I especially recommend the ham and cheese pasty for 1pound35. Also there is a small grocery store beside the station. If I go to London again I probably will try something else but it is good to keep in mind in case I need an inexpensive place to stay next to the station.	
Jul 18 2007 	Not a good choice.	This house is now being managed, along with several other houses on Ebury Street, under Belgravia rooms. I posted a review under Collin House on this website that would be applicable to Ebury House, as they are now both managed by the same people. In summary - you don't want to stay here.	
Mar 30 2007 	Maybe not the worwst hotel I've been in but pretty close	When I booked our twin ensuite room, I spoke on the phone with a very lovely young lady. I had seen the hotel in a guidebook which is usually very reliable, and the price was very good for London. We chose the hotel for the proximity to Victoria Station as we needed to be on the Gatwick Express early in the morning. Neighborhood was lovely (Belgravia) and safe. Short walk (15-20 minutes) to Parliment, London Eye, Westminster. Our problems started when we got to the front door. There was a sign indicating we were to check in next door at the Collin House.I went in to the reception area, where a young man told me I would have to wait as there was someone in front of me. Not a problem. However, I stood for quite some time and he did not acknowledge me again (except to introduce his mother when she came in). He was working on the computer, so I assumed he was checking rooms. I finally asked if I was in the right place to check in. He assumed I was wating to use the guest computer, why I'm not sure. After finally completing the check in process, i mentioned I was looking forward to speaking with the woman who had booked my stay. I was then told the reason we were checking in at the Collin House is that they have bought the Ebury House. We have stayed in London several times, so we are aware of smaller hotels, but this was the worst experience we have had. Beds were terrible, linens scratchy. Entire bathroom was a stall stuck in the corner of the room. You could barely turn around in it. Toilet paper holder broken, so tp sat on shelf behind toilet...almost unreachable. No soap in the sink. No hand towels. Curtains didn't close. Tv didn't work. Air freshener (Glade solid) was empty. Did I mention there was no heat? No way to turn the radiator up/on.I would not recommend this hotel.	
Feb 7 2007 	Budget but great location	Hotel is cheap (for London), location of the hotel is great &amp; the street quiet. Management is not particulary friendly but they're polite and try to meet your needs. We stayed in a twin ensuite room - the room was budget but OK. Some niggles - like a broken lamp half hanging from the wall, paper thin walls next to the stairs, the toilet had cracks in the rim which had gone green and the tiny plastic ensuite only has enough warm water for one shower. If you can, ask for a double room as I think these are in better condition. The breakfast room is nice but the English breakfast is vegetarian. Overall just be aware this is a budget hotel - you get what you pay for and no more.	
Jan 14 2007 	Sweetest owners ever.. loved our stay	I stayed with 3 other girls in the 4 person en suite bedroom on the first floor. We stayed a total of 7 nights.. and we loved it there. Of course it was a transition from our huge hotel/motel rooms in america.. but we were prepared for how the lodging is in London. I found the room to be super cute.. thebreakfast was filling and in a super cute dining room. What was the biggest highlight I suppose.. was the man and woman who ran the place. They were the sweetest people ever.. helping us with everything we came to them with.. and we came to them with quite a few things.. asking if we could change our reservation from one night to the next.. asking for an alarm clock.. asking him to keep a lookout for my luggage that would be arriving from the airport the next day as it didnt make my connecting flight. So many things we asked.. and they were friendly and accomodating.. very lovely people. I loved the location.. there were two cute places to eat a block away.. the travelers tavern and the Belgravia. The bus station and train station were right down the road.. we got a week long tube pass.. and never had to pay for a taxi or anything...If you visit london.. I would definately recommend staying here :)	
Aug 24 2006 	Wouldn't go back	This place is really basic and not kept up. It wasn't clean. The beds were old and uncomfortable. The breakfast was horrible even within the context of a British hotel breakfast. We tried it once and skipped it the other days. There are plenty of coffee shops around. The location is good (near Victoria Station) and the neighborhood is great. The Ebury Street Wine Bar across the street is really good for dinner.	
Jul 24 2006 	friendly management good location smallest water closet on earth	Give the prices of London hotels and the horrible exchange rate, this was the best deal we could find in town. The location is excellent, close to victoria station and major buses are all about an 8 minute walk away. The street is very typical London architecture and is in a very safe area. We were able to walk to some major sights in about 20 minutes. The manager was very nice, let us use the phone and helped book tours. The breakfast was good, they'll substitute and are willing to accomadate your tastes.One tip though: if you are over 100 lbs. and you are staying in a room with a private bathroom or water closet, you will have trouble fitting into the bathroom. It is literally about 4ft. x 4ft., when you sit on the toilet your face will be up against the door. Everytime you turn around, you will knock something over. Bottom line, if you can't afford anything better, this is a good deal!	
May 13 2006	A Great Place to Stay	Just returned from a week in London and stayed at the Ebury House. This is a nice, budget B&amp;B in a fantastic area of London and on a residential street, so it's fairly quiet at night. We stayed in two different rooms: the first was a twin (2 twins) and the second a double. Both rooms were very small by American standards and the bathrooms were hysterically tiny! (We looked into another room on the second floor that overlooked the back garden, and it was larger as was its bathroom.) But we knew all this before we went and were not surprised. Also, we didn't visit London to sit in our room! We found the beds to be comfortable enough. The breakfast is decidedly NOT gourmet, but it is satisfying: warm and filling. The tea was wonderful. The management is very friendly and helpful. We received a really warm welcome. They try very hard to make everyone's stay as nice as possible. We stayed for seven nights and paid 60 pounds a night, a fabulous price for London! Please remember that this is a small, budget hotel. For the price, it is an exceptional value: decent breakfast, ensuite bathrooms (in some rooms), marvelous location in a quiet area, clean towels and bed made each morning, and a caring and friendly staff. What more could you ask? Overall, we were really pleased and would most definitely stay there again.	
Jan 11 2006	Great friendly clean place	We stayed at the Ebury House Hotel in June 2005.I booked the B&amp;B via internet, but also phoned them, and had a chat with the person in charge. She was very kind, and we looked forward to our stay.Upon arriving we had to wait 10 min. till our room was ready, but we where perhaps a bit early, so it was ok.The staff was very kind and normal, Im writing normal, because I have read many times in this forum, that sometimes people who work at hotels, seem strange and unwilling, and unable to understand anything :-)Our room was up quite a lot of steps, that was a bit narrow. But thats how most b&amp;bs are in London, so that was expected. It can be difficult to drag all your luggage up, so its not for the less able. Though there also is a room on the ground floor.Anyway the room was nice and clean. The bedding a bit on the old side, which I mainly gathered from the colours of them, that was fashionable a long time ago.But it was all very clean. And so was the rest of the B&amp;B by the way, the hall and the breakfast room. We got fresh towels every day, and a cleaning of the room.The bathroom in our room, was very small. It had zink, toilet and shower. It was all contained in one big plastic room, that had been fitted into the room. Difficult to explain. It was small, but clean and it worked fine. The room had a small tv on the wall, and view out to the street, which was very quiet, even though there is only aprox. 5 min. walk to the Victoria Station. A very safe neighborhood.They will hold your luggage for a few pounds.In the breakfast room there was 5-6 tables. All very clean, and quick service.The breakfast was cerials and eggs, beans, toast, juice, coffee and tea. You could basically get all what you could eat. It was no problem to order extra toast :-)We payed 75 pounds a night for a twin ensuite. But know that you can get it for 65 pounds in the Feb. So maybe the prices vary through the season.So all in all a great experience!	
Apr 5 2004	The Ebury House: Nice Hotel and Great Location	We stayed at the Ebury House Hotel at the end of March 2004 for five nights. We had a triple room en suite and had a very pleasureable experience. The hotel is situated in a perfect location close to the Underground and in a very safe neighborhood. The room, as in most European b&amp;bs, was small but very accommodating for our needs (a double bed with a set of bunk beds). A hair dryer was provided, which was nice that we did not have to use electrical adapters. The breakfast was satisfactory. The hotel staff was very courteous and hospitable. We will most definitely stay at the Ebury House again on our next visit.	
Oct 20 2003	Skip the Ebury House	Ebury House, London Review: We reserved the family room as we were three senior ladies. One of the bunk beds was so bad that all the spare pillows in the room had to be placed on the mattress in order that it was possible to sleep. They did put blankets under the sheets to protect us from the springs on the other two beds. Sleeping on top of the comfortor was an improvement. The wardrobe had one door missing. The night table had a drawer missing and one of the remaining ones front was falling off making it hazardous. When we pointed this out, they did nail it back on. The headboard on the double bed was disgusting--with holes and tears in it--it had been nougahide at one time--a long time ago. The shower door was an accordian type that was coming apart in several places. The toilet roll holder was on by one nail, which kept falling out all the time. We were also not thrilled with the breakfast. Although their ad says eggs plural fried or scrambled. We were only offered one fried egg along with tinned beans, a tinned stewed tomato, tinned mushrooms and a frozen potato something or other that went in the toaster. I notice they mention hot chocolate, but that was never offered either. There was juice, coffee, tea and toast. We did let the management know that we were very disappointed and they did reduce our rate from 95 pounds to 85 per night. The location is great. We did not want to spend our holiday moving around, so stayed on. We did try a b &amp; b one block further on and found they had lovely accommodation for 70 pounds and a full english breakfast. We will keep them in mind if we return.	
Jan 18 2009 	Repugnante		
Feb 5 2008 	Che schifo !!!!! Da evitare		
Jan 25 2008 	che situazione.... di peggio di tutto il mondo		
Apr 8 2007 	Muy mala relación calidad-precio		
Mar 29 2007 	dov'è finito il rapporto qualità prezzo?		
