Sep 16 2009 	Looked good on the website	Room was clean, on top floor, no lift, but offer of help with bags.Daughter found this hotel, as it was nearby where she and her partner live in Crouch End, in a one bedroom flat.so seemed perfect for us to stay when visiting. Oh dear,male wedding guests staying in next rooms, on both sides decided to party at 4.30 am, they were very drunk, and very noisy, lots of swearing, pretty disgusting language, Smoking in a no smoking room, the smell coming through the open windows lots of clanking beer cans. doors banging as they went from room to room. After half an hour I telephoned reception from my mobile, as there was no phone in the room, to be told that they were paying guests so there was not a lot they could do or say apart from asking them to lower the noise! Which they did not do anyway, I called reception again twice, from my mobile, they did not even reply. At 6am the noise stopped, so then managed a couple of hours sleep.we were paying guests too.what a dreadful night. That morning we bumped into a mum and her children who were in the room on the other side, she told us that the same had happened the night before, so she had two nights of disturbed sleep, we agreed we would not stay at the Raglan again.	
Sep 9 2009 	Oh dear.....	I phoned the hotel to ask what time I could book in and was told 3pm...when I looked at some small print in an email they had sent previously I found it was actually 2pm - staff being less than accurate fro the word go was not a good impression.I was in room 202 and was getting on with some work in preparation for the next day when the next door neighbour decided to start playing an electric guitar!!! This was from the property next door but the noise was awful.I was moved to room 224 which I was assured was quiet (there was a bit of a hum from the aircon fans which must have been on the roof above but it was just about tolerable). All was going ok until about 5.30 am when I was woken by the crashing of trolleys from some delivery to the hotel.Oh - and the food??? There is a pre-dial for the restaurant and bar on the room phone. The restaurant didn't even ring and gave a tone like the phone had been left off the hook. The bar rang but was never answered so in the end I went through reception. Not impressed. Well a lasagne cost £9.00. It was clearly a microwave job (the cheese was pale and obviously hadn't been anywhere near an oven/grill and IT WAS LUKE WARM!!! I sent it back and they heated so that it was actually edible.The continental breakfast was basic to say the least. I had a picture of something like a croissant but oh no - weetabix (no sugar available) a bowl of melon (which was bland and had a hard, woody texture) and toast. not worth the extra frankly.The room had cobwebs on the light and the shower curtain had 6 inches of gap at the bottom so the water went everywhere.I stayed at the hotel through necessity and frankly I would only ever go back there as a last resort or if location was more important than service or value for money.Raglan - your manager will be getting an email very soon!!! Awful!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Dissapointing	Myself and my hubby stayed in this Hotel for 2 nights,and would not go back,we booked a double room,which was small,and as others say it is hot, there is no air conditioning.We were the only people at the bar.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great little hotel	After reading previous reviews on this hotel, I was a little nervous at what it would be like - I shouldn't have worried! We stayed for 3 nights in a very clean modern room (maybe a little scuffed here and there) and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The staff were lovely, great breakfast and waitress and at an extremely good price! The hotel is one minute from bars and restaurants, with an excellent bus service to the tube. Maybe those who had found the staff unhelpful in the past, had been to a different hotel, or were perhaps rude themselves, as nothing seemed too much trouble for those we met!.N.B. If you are booking through an agent, please be aware that the booking is initially made in the agents name - not yours. This can lead to a little confusion if you ring to check on your booking, but is easily resolved.	
Aug 11 2009 	ABSALUTLEY GREAT !!!!	write wher shall i start from we arrived at the hotel at 4.20 pm ther woz parking available we hade alot of luggadge witch the lovely reception came to help us take to our room witch woz (on the 3rd floor) we the needed a taxi take us to a event in wembly taxi woz down staires in 10 min the only not good thing is the narrow corridors however in the morning we woz greeted by by very friendly lady with a strang looking bald guy hoo just kept on steering at us ? enyway the food woz great in total 9/10 we shore will be coming back !!	
Aug 3 2009 	Would stay again	This hotel is in a nice area of North London and it is ideally located to get to the shops and restaurants of Muswell Hill. There is no tube station in Muswell Hill, so getting into central London is more of a chore than from other areas. There are two 24hr buses that run from the Broadway to Highgate tube and beyond.The hotel lobby, breakfast area and bar are really nicel. The rooms are very small but well decorated and the shower was great. After a bad start (issues with having my reservation confirmed), I would stay again. The hotel staff redeemed themselves and I had a lovely time at the Ragland	
Jul 19 2009 	Disappointing with poor reception staff	Location ideal for a nearby funeral we needed to stayed overnight to attend. Reception staff had very poor and casual attitude - definitely could do with customer service training. Small basic room with small double bed on ground floor with window facing narrow service area. Reception carpet needed a good clean. The website makes the hotel look better than it is. Good points - bedding clean &amp; recption bathrooms well presented. Anita &amp; Maurice Gray (NZ)	
Jul 11 2009 	Not very good	Stayed here for two nights. Room 211 - shower screen had no rubber on the bottom and so every time you used it, the bathroom floor got soaked. Sink also leaked, leaving big puddle on floor. Toilet was disgusting, brown, ground in stains at the bottom, in need of a bottle of bleach down it. Mattress felt really old and worn. No air con. Way too noisy outside to leave window open for air. Very rowdy bar in hotel. Do yourself a favour and look for something else. Room service next day only changed towels and made beds, no tea bags or milk left, dishes not taken from room and cups not washed. Just not good enough!	
Jun 28 2009 	Good if you get a discount	We got this hotel with a really good discount so the room only cost £57 including breakfast. I wouldn't have been that impressed if we had paid the full price as the room was very small and quite basic only a bed a desk and a small wardrobe but it was clean	
Apr 15 2009 	Wish I had checked this site first avoid at all costs!!	I normally always check trip advisors website before booking any hotel I didnt this time and boy am I sorry I had booked this hotel by the website was very impressed with how they sold their hotel was expecting big things and god was I upset when we got to our room!! when we walked into the lobby was happy enough everything was modern and stylish when I was asked to pay on arrival I was quite suprised (not so much now as you would probably leave straight away) then when they said there was no lift I was horrified you walk behind the reception to get to the staircase where only one person can fit at a time old creaky steps we had four flights to go to get to the second floor where our room was when we walked in I nearly died it was TINY two steps from the door was the bed and there wasn't even room for one person to walk around the bed and the heat would have knocked you down when you walked into the room ( had to pretty much keep the window open all weekend) the bathroom was literally when you sat on the toilet you could wash your hands and the shower was the other side of sink and was tiny you could bearly fit in it...I know london hotels the rooms can be small but this was ridiculous for the price you pay £285 for 3 night room only and then they have the cheek to ask you for £8.50 for breakfast!! would never go back here again and the bull that they put on their website NOT IMPRESSED thankfully we did that much sightseeing we virtually only slept in the room but the first night we got there they had some kind of party on where they opened the bar from 2.30am to 5am and the guests were pretty noisy and as we had to sleep with window opened didnt get any sleep!! I would never recommend this hotel Muswell Hill Hotel down the hill much better friend of ours stayed in it room was average size included breakfast and it was only £60 a night that is were we will be staying if we return as at least Muswell Hill Hotel doesnt sell itself to be anything other than what it is shame on you Raglan Hall.....	
Apr 7 2009 	Small room but good location and food.	I was disappointed with the size of the room I had been allocated at the Raglan, but they had tried their best to give it a modern look and it was nice and clean. The hotel as a whole was clean with nice polite staff and the breakfast was nice. It is a stonmes throw from the shops, bars and restraunts of Muswell Hill so suited our purpose perfectly. I'd stop here again, but ask for a larger room (Like my collegue got. GRRRR!)	
Feb 2 2009 	Extremely enjoyable	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Raglan Hall hotel in November, we went to a gig at the relatively nearby Alexandra Palace.I booked with booking.com, and the hotel rang me 2 days before we were due to arrive to confirm our booking was correct.We arrived at the hotel at 2.45 - check-in is at 3, but our room was ready, we were just asked to hang on for 5 mins whilst they put the champagne and chocolates I'd ordered in the room for us.Lovely, spacious room, luxurious 4 poster bed (as requested), TV, hairdryer, balcony (no door, just windows to climb out of, but never mind), small bathroom but great power shower.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, and got us a taxi to the concert venue within minutes of requesting one.There was a wedding party at the hotel in the evening, which was in full swing when we got back, but we didn't find it noisy (which was excellent considering we were on the first floor).Only downside is the offsite parking. We were warned that they had no parking, but there was one round the corner (behind Marks and Spencer), we were given clear directions to it, and it's only a 2minute walk from the hotel. It was free overnight, and we only had to pay a couple of quid to leave the car there the following day while we went into the city centre.Nearest tube station is 20minutes' walk away (or 5 in a taxi), but it was dry, and quite an enjoyable walk as it's a nice area, and it's then roughly 30mins on the Tube to the City Centre, but I chose the hotel for its closeness to Alexandra Palace. If you're going to be spending the majority of your time in the City Centre, Muswell Hill is not a place to stay as - even though it's lovely and relatively quiet - it's a fair distance.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Fantastic	I cannot understand what the previous bad reviews are going on about! We stayed at this hotel at the beginning of January and thought it was superb right from the moment we checked in. Our room was lovely and clean as was the bathroom. We found all the staff very helpful indeed and the breakfast was very good with lots of choice and the portions were excellent. All iln all a very good stay and would definitely go there again and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Stay	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Raglan the week before christmas and the hotel was excellent. We had a room on the top floor of the hotel, which was modern, spacious, clean and tidy. The bathroom was lovely and the bed very comfortable. The breakfast was excellent, very good choice with excellent portions. The quality of the food was also very good. We used the hotel mainly as a base as the purpose of our visit was to spend time in London. I would certainly stay at the hotel again. The staff are all very friendly and Muswell Hill is trendy with some nice Restaurants and coffee shops to visit. The hotel does not have parking, however it only took me 5 minutes to find a space near the hotel on the street and it was free of charge for the duration of my stay.	
Dec 31 2008 	DREADFUL - Makes Fawlty Towers look like a 5* hotel	Unfortunately we chose to stay here on our wedding night as we were going to the Rufus Wainwright concert at Kenwood. It was truly awful. From our arrival when the reception staff denied any knowledge of our online booking despite us having a printed confirmation with us which we presented them with. They were extremely rude and very very unhelpful. After about an hour they finally found us a poky little room but not the 4 poster we had booked (and already paid for - more later). The terrace was 'unavailable' we later discovered this was because a party was booked for that evening. Friends were joining us to celebrate our marriage that morning with a glass of champagne - guess what? No champagne - they finally managed to rustle some up about 20 minutes later. Throughout all of this the reception staff particulary the head receptionist made us feel as if they were doing us a favour. I do not think any of them are familiar with the concept of service and that when dealing with customers you operate on the basis that you the hotel may be at fault until you sort it out. They argued and argued that we had not already paid even though I knew I had seen it on our credit card statement and were vehement in their insistence that it was a pre-authorisation. Finally we were in the poky little room after hauling bags up a cramped shabby staircase and corridor relieved to be away from the AWFUL receptionist when she knocked on the door. I was so upset by this point I told them to go away the knocking persisted and I finally went to the door. Faced yet again with the awful receptionist and an events manager who said the general manager was unavailable but would speak to us both the following morning and that our room for the evening would be complimentary but not the champagne and flowers we had ordered for our room. We were staying in a family room the following night with our children to spend time with our friends in London. We went out for the evening and thankfully had a great time at the concert but stayed out as late as we could to avoid going back to the hotel. We met the manager the following morning who was superficially sympathetic and quite charming but refused my request for the receptionist to sit in on the chat with us as I wanted to speak to her about her behaviour the previous day. We did not have to pay for the room on our wedding night but did for the family room on the Sunday. He invited us to return to the hotel as complimentary guests for the weekend I feel however this was merely to ensure we paid for the room on the Sunday evening and was not a sincere offer. The housekeeper at the hotel was lovely and the only genuine member of staff we had any dealings with. When we arrived home I checked our credit card statement and we had indeed already paid for the room. We raised this with the manager Thomas on the phone - again we were told it was a pre-authorisation and our card had not been debited. He then refused to respond to further e-mails and said he would do nothing unless he could see our credit statement. There was no offer to check his own records or look into it at their end he insisted he would do nothing without our credit card statment. After the treatment and behaviour we had already received at their hands we were unwilling to do this. We had to raise a dispute with our credit card company and received a refund from them. Needless to say we have not pursued his disingenuous offer of a complimentary stay.	
Nov 22 2008 	awful!	I booked a single room for one night in this &quot;fashionable&quot;hotel.I certainly will not be returning.I found the hotel to be very shabby,the carpet in the corridor leading to the rooms was ruttled up and in need of a good clean.I eventually found my room up two flights of stairs(no lift)down the far end of the hotel and through several doors.It was what I can only describe as a cupboard,it was so tiny ,.It was above the kitchen so I heard banging all evening and outside my window was a large funnel where all the smells and steam were coming from the sushi restaurant downstairs.All in all it was awful,I would not send my worst enemy here!	
Sep 29 2008 	An utterly terrible and miserable stay	Firstly I was unable to park at the hotel, I arrived at 11.15pm on a Sunday night, so my own fault I guess, but there was 1 space, that had a sign - &quot;Park here and you will be clamped!&quot; When asked could I use it, was told it was reserved although no-one ended up using it at all. So I had to park 1/4 mile away and walk back.I stayed here a few years ago and the public areas have been greatly improved and the rooms refurbished to a fairly high standard and they did have wifi. But that's the good news over with I'm afraid. Upon reflection I may have been duped by the website, be aware its nothing like it in real life!I was put in a tiny room next to the staircase that squeaked every time someone went up or down the stairs. There were no Tea of Coffee facilities. There was a seperate toilet and bathroom both of which were unbelievably small, all in all it seemed ridiculous for £100 a night.Oh and finally, the duvet cover seemed to have an undersized duvet in it that wouldn't cover my feet (I'm only 5ft 11in) - surely this isn't too much to expect!Breakfast was a nightmare. No cereal was on offer with the cooked breakfast. Halfway through ordering my food, the waiter interrupted and asked if I wanted Juice then walked off. He returned 3 mins later with the Juice and the breakfast (that I hadn't finished ordering), when I told him I hadn't ordered yet, he huffed off again and moaned about me to the chef. 15 mins later my original breakfast, (looking rather overcooked now) returned with eggs as I wanted them. That being said when I put my knife in the poached egg the uncooked runny egg white ran all over my plate. As time was now against me, I had to leave most of it.In short I feel that I have given this place a second chance, there won't be a third.	
Aug 10 2008 	Reviewers are being particularly hard	Some of the recent reviews have been unnecessarily hard on this hotel. It is not bad for a 3 star in the outskirts of London. Admittedly it has a few problems - like no parking, very narrow stairs, small rooms and shower rooms (no bath) but this is London! The staff were always pleasant and helpful, and breakfast was very reasonably priced and food plentiful and freshly cooked. We did miss a tea/coffee maker but the coffee at breakfast was very good. Requests for more hangers and an iron/ironing board were promptly and willingly fulfilled and, because of the stairs, we were asked if we needed help with our bags. Our room was sparse but very clean, smart and comfortable. To stay for 3 or 4 nights would not be a problem (we did). Double Decker bus service into the city tourist spots was fun and easy to use.	
Jul 9 2008 	Don't stay here	I booked the hotel because it is within walking distance from friends who live in north London. However, there was total disorganisation from the start. Initially, I booked via the hotel website - four-poster with B&amp;B for 2. I got a phone call the following day to say the hotel had been refurbished and although they could not give us the four-poster, they could offer the Executive room for the same price. I accepted. About a month before we were due to go, I thought I would just check that the booking was definitely made. Thank goodness I did because they had no record of it. I made a new booking and gave my credit card details - and here is the big problem. Just before our stay, my credit card statement showed that they had taken £99 on the day of booking. When we booked in, they told me that this was being held by the credit card company as security, and had not been taken by the hotel. On checking out, I then had to pay the full amount. In addition, there is a general air of chaos. The staff look demoralised and are generally unfriendly. Our room was hot and stuffy (even on a relatively cool night), without any window that opened more than 3 inches. Bathroom cramped. Tiny, awkward staircase from the lobby, and no lift. I would never stay here again, or recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 14 2008 	An englishperson needs tea!	I left my home comforts of at least being able to have a cup of tea to stay in a doss house. The room resembled something I would expect from a night shelter. There were no tea making facilities nor were we able to easily obtain a cuppa. The tea in the morning resembled very weak wee wee and when I asked for a tea bag I was greeted with a scowl.Although I did not pay for this hotel, as it was booked by an organisation for 16 of us, I would never in a million years recommend it even as somewhere to rest your head for the night. The bedsprings were poking up through the mattress and the bottom of the divans were bare and resembled old very stained tic pillows.The staff were not particularily helpful and this added to the aggravation.Having backpacked throughout Europe I am used to slumming it but did not expect to slum it in a £185 a night hotel.Two of the most miserable nights I have ever had!DON'T STAY THERE - IT IS TRULY AWFUL! Bare wires in the bathroom and it was so small you had to be a size 6 to comfortably get into it. Toilet paper appeared to be rationed - at least I did not have a gippy tum - not sure what I would have done then!	
Feb 25 2008 	Stay away	The website for this hotel makes it look like a beautiful boutique hotel. It is not. The rooms are tiny. We were in a newly refurbished room, but the carpet, bed and duvet will still old and stained. It had merely been repainted and new sheets and a fancy bed head put in. I asked to move rooms and was shown a couple of others - ours was the best of a bad bunch. We didn't have a bath, or the tea/coffee maker promised and the &quot;cable t.v.&quot; only had terrestrial channels, sky news and sky one. The newspaper we ordered also never appeared.The smell from the paint fumes was overwhelming and made us nauseous - particularly as the window only opened a couple of centrimetres. The hotel corridors are shabby and very narrow, with steep stairs and no lift. The hotel staff tried their best, but there was only ever one person behind reception trying to cope with what appeared to be a number of very unhappy/disappointed guests.I would strongly advise against staying at this hotel if you are looking for a romantic/nice place to stay as a treat. If you just need a cheap bed for a night then it is probably fine - the location is at least good.	
Jan 3 2008 	Stalag Muswell Hill	My wife booked this hotel but she and I, like other reviewers, were taken in by the Best Western label. We had a superb wedding reception at the Best Western Royal Victoria, in St Leonards, for example.The website should have been a warning, being full of rules and regulations but when you got to the place you were confronted by even more notices telling you what you could and could not do. It was more like a prison than a hotel.The room was small and cramped with a strong smell of drains from the bathroom. In this bathroom there was no room to put anything and towels were out of reach to any but rather tall people. There was very limited drawer or hanging space in the room itself and the bed was narrow.We went out for the evening and each timeyou come in you have to report to reception and get your key reactivated.Breakfast was also an interesting experience with the dining room having a faintly Orwellian atmosphere or, for those who remember it, putting me in mind of the establishments for &quot;commercial travellers&quot; in Dennis Potter's Pennies from Heaven.The actual breakfast was extra but not unreasonably priced. It was fairly generous served plated rather than a buffet although not of great quality. The promised preserves never materialised and the plate was swimming in rather rancid oil.All in all, I don't think this establishment is going to pick up too many people displaced from the Savoy.	
Dec 19 2007 	Raglan rooms too small	We had a specific requirement for our stay, as we needed a baby cot for our 1 year old toddler. I made at least a dozen phone calls to the hotel before our stay to confirm the cot and make sure we had a room with enough space for us and the baby. Because I booked through Ebookers, the hotel had no record of me until the day before our reservation. The room we were given was claustrophobic for a single person and impossible for three. The cot was squashed up against the bed, which had less than a foot of space around it in any case. There was only one overhead light and no lamps or bed lights so once the baby went to sleep we were banging around in the dark trying to find our pyjamas. There was no space in the room for our luggage, which had to be stored 3 flights down in a room off the lobby. I never did find my toothbrush. The bathroom was equally small, and the shower was so tiny that it was impossible to raise your arms inside. The room was clean and the staff were fine but we wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. There were some deluxe rooms that probably had more space (judging by the hotel website) but most of the rooms were this inhumane size.	
Dec 10 2007	Polished website and Reception area - totally deceptive.	I booked to stay here for one night with 3 other couples. We all paid £95 and all received totally differnt standards of room. One was a 4 poster, one was average and acceptable (ours) one was below average for sure and the other, totally awful with a tiny weeny bathroom, not enough room to move around the bed or the room (as a couple).We had to make a fuss on arrival as they had booked us instead of 2 doubles, a twin and a double. despite writing on our booking form that we had been down graded from a 4 poster to a double due to non availability. To make the twin room a double, they had the ingenious idea of shoving the single beds together and rearranging the bedding. Which of course was perfect. Ahem.They tried to charge us 10% service on a round of drinks from the bar. However we couldn't even stand up at it to order our own drinks to avoid a service charge as it had the shutters down! Would stay here again if they dropped their prices, and made sure they accurately described the rooms and maybe toned down the website to something less ambitious for their actual status.	
Nov 18 2007 	Impressive reception for a shabby hotel.	The website is very impressive, thought we'd stumbled across a 'real gem'. First negative aspect was the email confirming my booking (about2 weeks before we visited) informed me that the cancellation policy was like no other hotel I'd booked before, in that you could only cancel up to a month before your visit!!Booked the hotel as we were going to a concert at Ally Pally.Arrived to a highly polished marble reception area and booked in. Ordered a couple of Sunday morning papers and made our way up to our room.The door off the reception looked 'shabby', we opened it and climbed up a 'shabby' badly fitted brown carpet. My heart started to sink. Got to our freezing cold room. What a strange room, looked like was half way through a refurb and the money ran out. The double bed was tiny in length (my 6ft 4' husbands legs hung out the end all night!) and there was no valence covering the bottom part of it, which took my eyes down to the carpet, yuk! The carpet and the curtains were justhideous...reminded me of a dreadful flat I lived in about 20 years ago that was furnished by the landlord. The bath room had a disgusting pink shower curtain hanging around the bath which matched the equally awful dated tiles on the walls (including the cracked ones), When we left the concert we decided to go back to the hotel for a few drinks, the main bar was closed and we were directed to the empty sushi restaurant (part of the hotel) and had a beer each, as they don't sell shorts in here. Another couple came into the bar about 5 mins after us (by this time it was 11.15 on a Sat night) they were told that the bar was now shut!! As we went up to our room another chap was clearly annoyed and complaining about both the hotel bars being shut (by then about 11.30).Breakfast was OK, but not what you expect these days from a decent hotel, there was no buffet spread/croissants or fruit etc. Instead you had to choose from a choice of three options..healthy (cereals etc) cooked or something else. I always get excited about the breakfasts when I'm stopping in a hotel, but this restricted menu wasn't really anything to get excited about.No sign of our papers either.Not overly impressed and wouldn't stop here again if in the area.	
Oct 12 2007 	Stinky	The room smelled horribly from the perfume they used to cover the smell of the dirty room. We spent our first night there scouring the neighborhood looking for another hotel that had a vacant room. What a waste of our vacation time. Certainly a waste of our money. The staff was not surprised that we were upset nor were they surprised when we moved to another hotel.	
Oct 10 2007 	Hated The Raglan	Do not stay at this hotel unless you wish to be terribly disappointed.They are not a Best Western in fact 'spaghetti western' is a better description.Their website is a total fabrication, there is no bar or proper restaurant.The rooms have not been refurbished as stated, our carpet was filthy and patched, and the wash basin blocked.The staff are badly trained &amp; some unable to understand English over the telephone.A very sad experience I do not wish to repeat.	
Oct 2 2007 	Do not stay	Oh, well. I was there at the same time as the weddingparty. WE booked it beacuse of the nice web site and eventhough I read bad reviews I though I would ask for the refurbished room and we will be ok. WEll refurbished means, that they painted one wall brown color and pur brown pillows on the bed ( terribly small as well). IT was dirty! The front desk was so, so. They had to feel badly for the guests as well I think. We cancled our last night and after viewing of all hotels in the neighberhood we stayed next doors and Roseview, which was at least clean and actualy had nice feel to it. IT is as well being refurbished.DO not give them business, please.	
Sep 25 2007 	Nearly ruined a great wedding day FILTH	I will not be able to fit the amount of complaints i have in this space but the main point i want to make is DO NOT BOOK A WEDDING HERE. On first impression this looks nice but WAIT all is not what it seems Luckily our general high spirits managed to make the most of the occasion. The rooms were small and i mean small I could just about clean my thumbs in the sink. The hangers in the hanging spot (not wardrobe) were sticky and unclean. Nearly all of the supposed features of the hotel on their website, like the bar til 3a.m, 50inch screen. Were blatant lies. They are just not there. We were chucked out to the lobby at 11.30pm Being told that the agreement we had with the management was verbal and not valid, even after the wedding had been booked for almost a year and checking a week before everything was in order. They have had some recent problems with management leaving. This does not surprise me but is no excuse. Its simply not good enough. Do not use unless you are willing to pay over the odds, want for nothing and are not bothered by small unclean spaces.	
Sep 19 2007 	Not a best Western or best anything	Poor access to advertised facilites due to private functions which is a regular occurence. Lounge bar closed but not advised at booking or subsequently. Noisy from private function at the front of the hotel until 3:00am. Management not even willing to talk to guests directly to resolve minor problems. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone due to poor management attitude,	
Jul 27 2007 	What a con!	This hotel should be prosecuted under the Trades Descriptions Act. It has not (as described in the website) been fully refurbished.Once past the 'boutique' fascade of reception, bar and restaurant you're in for a shock. The clues are there - look behind reception at the grotty carpet and cheapo fridge in prime position; check out the poorly applied paintwork; marvel as you climb the claustrophobic staircase, at the stained carpet etc - and that's before you're in the room.This was once a best western hotel - a bad Best Western and was bought by some 'brothers' apparently? Best Western were well rid! The room I was in (a double) was small and dingy and the 'brothers' had obviously tried to justify the refurbished tag by fitting a tacky headboard, a cheap bedside lamp and mfi furniture to compliment (not!) the 80's curtains, carpet and bedding. Chipped and smeared paintwork, dreadfully applied wall paper and a dank musty smell appeared when I squeezed myself into the room, passing what was the world's smallest ensuite bathroom. I later attempted to have a shower under the dribble that came from the 20 year old shower head soothed by the vision of mouldy and patched silicon sealant around the ancient bath. Yuk!Breakfast was a bland affair served in the function room - not the funkier restaurant next door. The room had all the grace of a village hall complete with speakers and carpeted stage area in case the customers wanted to set up a naff disco over their boot- leather bacon. One woman was overheard to mention politely to an eastern european waitress (twice) that said bacon had run out. The waitress disagreed, went to the container and lifted the lid. Look, bacon! she exclaimed, pointing at some rapidly drying sausages. Breakfast never happened the second day as I was 4 minutes beyond the 9.30 breakfast cut off. Even though it was all still laid out, there was no way in to the village hall. Another dissatisfied customer had been 1 minute late - she too was refused.All in all a miserable experience and you would be better off in a Travelodge - not this 'boutique' hotel. How they have the gall to publish such a misleading website is beyond me - there should be a law.Incidently, I did have a drink in their designer bar complete with 'decks'. It wasn't busy. Probably because the barman (with just me there) had a foul flatulence problem - charming. Maybe that accounts for the dank and musty smell?!	
Jun 22 2007 	Little treasure in North London	I had and exhibition I needed to attend in north London, hence the reason why I booked this hotel. I usually do not stay in small hotels and was a bit hesitant at staying in one. I can say that I was so surprised at how everything about my stay went perfect. The check in staff were friendly and informative, The evening meal was delicious, the bar served wonderful cocktails and my room had a comfortbale mattress and pillows with all the amenities I required. I will definately book with the Raglan next time I am in north London. Thanks for everything Raglan Hotel.	
Jun 17 2007	Ruined My Wedding Night.	This hotel is no longer part of the Best Western chain but is spoiling the good name of Best Western hotels. We booked a room at the Raglan Hall even though our wedding reception was at another location. We've been to Flutes Restaurant several times before and since we love the restaurant, thought that the hotel would be as good...How wrong we were! We arrived at the reception desk after midnight on the night of our wedding. The man at the desk did not seem to really know what he was doing but after about ten minutes, we finally got the key to our room. After climbing the stairs in my wedding gown and with our overnight bags, we opened the door to our room to find someone else's belongings there. They'd obviously double-booked the room. We went back down to reception, where the man at the desk told us that there were no more rooms available but they could book us into another hotel nearby. After an hour of waiting and getting more and more upset with the situation, the barman, who'd been called in to help, told us that the man at the desk had made the mistake. Our room was still available, he'd just given us the wrong key! Obviously we were not pleased with this shoddy service. Eventually we went up to our room but found that the Champagne we had pre-ordered, was not chilling in our room, so clearly the people at the front desk had just lied to us. This was not our original room and they had double-booked our room. We were extremely pissed off by this time - it was already 2 am and our wedding night had been ruined. We showered in the badly designed bathroom - the screen on the bathtub was pointless as the water splashed around the side of it, soaking the whole bathroom. We slept in the musky-smelling bed and when we checked out in the morning, we were still expected to pay the full price of £115 for room even though that didn't include breakfast and we had had such a terrible night! We have since only been offered a refund of £30, which of course we will not be accepting. Don't stay here - avoid this hotel at all costs and tell your friends to do so as well!	
Jun 15 2007 	Nice public facade - shame about the rooms!	This hotel in Muswell Hill is unfortunately one of those london hotels that I hate. They update reception, make it look a boutique hotel by updating reception and put that on the website but fail to update the rest of the hotel to suit.immediately that you go through the doors from reception the decor changes to the distinctly shabby. knocked about decor, really narrow corridors. The rooms are more like a reasonable B&amp;B than a hotel, chintzy curtains and dated bathroom fittings - nothing like the modern reception interior suggested - you feel most cheated!The hotel did however have a nice restauarant, and as a lone woman traveller, seated me discreetly in the restaurant away from the diners having fun and romantic meals which was much appreciated.The hotel was boiling hot, it was a humid night in London anyway, but london hotels don't do air conditioning well! All in all, it was a below average experience and I wouldn't rush to do it again - but if it was all that was on offer it isnt so bad that you couldn't put up with it,	
May 6 2007 	Lovely stay at The Raglan Hotel	I have just stayed at The Raglan Hotel and had to put a review with you as my friend and I really had a lovely time there.I travel quite often and have stayed in most of the hotels in this area (for work mainly) but decided to spend the weekend and chose The Raglan. It has been one of the best hotels I have stayed in, in the Muswell Hill area. The restaurant food and service was amazing and was made to feel like a queen and then the bar and the bar staff made you feel at home. It was like being in London without the extorionate prices and taxis home as was able to just walk up to my room!The breakfast had a really good choice of food. I had cereal (about 10 choices) and the hot breakfast and it was too much from the portions they have given me.I would so recommend this hotel to anyone as all the staff were very friendly and accommodating. I had to ask the reception to bring me up some ammenities and within 15 minutes they were brought.I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to all.Thank you The Raglan	
May 3 2007	Terrible	I have stayed at the Raglan four times since February 2006, and each time is worse than the time before.Breakfast Cereal - only one to choose fromFruit juice - only orange juiceFruit - only applesEggs seem to be in short supplyNo toastBreakfast overcooked - From the smells percolating into the bedroom, it would appear to be cooked the night before and heated up the next morningCoffee and tea are from thermos jugsBedroomsNo 'do not disturb notices' availableSecurity chain on inside of door brokenKey cards appear to only work for 2/3 days and then have to be recharged which involves for ever climbing up and down stairsParts of the stairs do not have handrailsBedrooms at front suffer from traffic noise - No double glazing.On my last visit in April 2007, was shown to a single room no bigger than a cupboard at the front of the hotel which was very noisy. When I attempted to take a shower there was only cold water. Apparently they were aware of this problem but had still put me in that room.Was offered another room and had to repack my belongings at 10pm at night and move myself - no suggestion of help was offered. This room was at the back and quiet but the radiator didn’t work. I had stayed in the same room four months earlier and had reported the radiator at that time and they still hadn't thought fit to have it repaired. I was awake the whole night suffering from the cold and eventually had to sleep with my clothes on.I reported the radiator again in the morning but by my return in the evening nothing had been done about it. Reported again - and was given an portable heater - thank goodness!Two nights later, at midnight I had a terrible fright as I was awakened to find as one of the staff opening my door to let another guest in. Obviously there had been a mistake over room location but I spent every other night after that with a chair and my suitcase over the door.I had looked forward to an enjoyable relaxing holiday - I was glad to come home.	
Apr 30 2007	Great Stay at the Raglan!	I stayed at the hotel with my husband as our friends were holding their wedding there. We had an absolutely fabulous day and the service that we received at the hotel just topped it off! I do not usually write reviews as I often stay at different hotels around the country but I felt that this hotel deserved a mention. The staff were incredibly polite, friendly and efficient. Our luggage was swiftly taken to our room as we checked in and my husband needed a shirt ironed and within 10 minutes a crisp shirt was delivered back to our room. The room was very comfortable and clean. The food that was served was excellent and from what I gather was enjoyed by all! We had a great time after the meal in the bar, where enjoyable music was played and great cocktails served, it was also nice to have a garden patio available on such a warm day. So thanks to all the staff and I will definitely return on my next trip to London!	
Apr 30 2007 	The Raglan Wins..even when Chelsea don't	I'm not a great one for reviewing hotels but I felt the need to register and have my say purely because I disagreed so strongly with a review I saw below. Me an a couple of friends travelled down from Mid Wales to see our beloved Chelsea play on the weekend. The game very disappointing and we felt the trip had been a complete waste of time until our weekend was saved by the treatment we received on return to our hotel. We naturally hit the bar to drown our sorrows and found the staff to be incredibly pollite and helpful despite us being fair from in the high spririts. Having had our mood lightened by some drinks and banter with the bar staff we decided to try to the restaurant, a wedding appeared to be going on but we were still served quickly and the food was absolutely delicious. We will certianly be using the Raglan again next time we come down to London for a match and will be confident that we will have a fantastic time win, lose or draw.	
Apr 29 2007	The little gem in Muswell Hill	We stayed in the Raglan hall hotel for three nights and enjoyed every minute of it. From the minute we arrived the whole experience was wonderful. Very happy staff, good clean room, great restaurant and very chic bar. Parking is a bit iffy outside but big car park round the corner.So nice to have a friendly hotel close to Alexandra Palace which I go down to 4/5 times a year….. Do keep it up guys	
Apr 29 2007 	very impressed with the hotel	WELL DONE RAGLAN HALL. I stayed with the Raglan last week and I must say how pleased I was. I understand they are under new management and since I stayed there last summer the improvement is immense. They have spent a lot of money on the reception, bar and gargens and I really felt warm and comfortable there. The food is 5 star and it was nice to see the same staff there from the last time. I was given a large room facing the front and was happy to see double glazed windows and fresh sheets in a newly refurbished room. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT but I had a room with a television in the bathroom on the second night as I got a free upgrade. There is a concierge who went out and got me a bag of sweets and his help on carrying my bags and getting things for me and the ability to have room service allowed me to be non sociable. I used to write for the Newport Gazette on hotels and bars and I am giving an 8.5 out of 10 as I never give a ten and I am basing this on a three star.I will be staying at this hotel again and a word of advice-try the cocktails in the bar.	
Apr 24 2007 	everything we needed!	Our son chose Raglan Hall as the venue for his recent wedding. All the booking arrangements were handled in a prompt efficient and friendly manner. Upon arrival, we found the hotel clean, comfortable and all the guest rooms used by our party were pleasantly decorated, though some doubles were rather small. The hotel staff were at all times friendly and very helpful, sorting all requests quickly - nothing seemed to be too much trouble. The food was excellent and very good value for money. The bar was a good evening venue for the younger guests, with cocktails available and a DJ. The well laid out garden-patio was a great bonus on a warm, sunny afternoon. We would certainly consider this hotel again if visiting North London. Thank you Raglan Hall!	
Sep 15 2006 	unbelievably bad	I can't believe how bad this hotel is! Surly staff, filthy rooms, terrible food - trust me it just doesn't get worse than this!! Avoid this hotel like the plague.....	
Aug 7 2006 	Awful Awful Awful	This hotel is the WORST I have ever stayed in. The room we were in was filthy: -had what looked like bloodstains on the walls and floors;-the carpet and skirting boards were covered in stains, as was the bathroom floor, and there were lots of cobwebs in the bedroom and bathroom;- the extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work (but this was ok, as one pane of the bathroom window was smashed and the window didn't close properly anyway, so we got a lot of ventilation!);- the UHT milk in the tea/coffee basket had gone off, and was more like cheese (I have no idea how long it takes for UHT milk to go off, but I'm sure it must take a while!);- the bedding was stained;- there was no hot water in the shower;- the free movies as stated on the website didn't exist. I informed the recptionist of all of these, and suggested we should get a fairly hefty refund. She offered £10 (just more than 10%) and said she wouldn't give me anymore, as it would come out of her wages!! There was no manager in the building, and no way of contacting one for me to speak to. The cooked buffet breakfast was rather good, but only because we got there well in advance of the closing time of 10am. Our friends who got to the breakfast room at 9:45/9:50 to find no cooked breakfast left on the buffet table were told that there would be no further food cooked, and that the staff had other things to do, (although after complaining they eventually got some food.)I took solace from the fact that I wasn't the only one to have a rotten time, as there were plenty of people (mainly our friends) at reception, all complaining, when I left! I am still awaiting a phone call from the manager.....Do not go to this hotel.	
Aug 3 2006 	Stay at the Roseview	I stayed here several years ago and didn't like its shabbiness so I began staying next door at the Roseview during my regular visits to Muswell Hill. I had seen that the Raglan had been recently refubished and was impressed with the facade and so booked in for 3 nights over the telephone for my latest trip.Upon my arrival, I found that I was not expected but fortunately they had a room vacant. As I started to climb the stairs, I thought that I had been caught in a time warp as nothing 'behind the shop front' had changed. Awful decor, every floorboard creaks - very 1980's seaside B&amp;B. The room, classed as a double was a single with a double bed shoe-horned into it, the sink was cracked and shower fitments were hanging off. I was told that the room was at the back and quiet. It was at the front, not particularly noisy but the curtain didn't fit the small window and so I was woken each morning by the sun about 90 minutes before my alarm sounded. The cheapest meal in the restaurant is about £16. Breakfast is completely self-service (no eggs this morning) and surley looking waitresses manage to wipe and set tables around you avoiding eye contact with everyone in case they may have to be pleasant.The bar is nite-club dim. No prices are displayed but beers are about £1 dearer than the place next door (rooms are £10 per night dearer). The bar staff pour spirits without using measures and you can only have doubles (50ml). In reality, you pay over the odds for a double measure but actually get whatever the barman guesses is enough. One barman thought that it was OK to put ice into a crusher with his fingers straight after handling money.In short, don't be fooled by the glass, mirrors, halogen lights and plasma TVs that you can see from the street; they are just bait dangled to entice you in.	
Jun 5 2006	Excellent	I booked the Hotel for my brother and parents. We were all pleasantly surprised by the ammentities and the clean and very well decorated room. Staff was really friendly and accoring to my family breakfast was excellent too. Would reccomend it (sorry no spa or swiming pool) to those that they expect some high standards. They have only stayed for 3 nights from 21st of May but i was visiting quite often and they have all been very friendly and nice. I even changed there for my wedding. I should have stayed there too...:)Bar is nice too but they could not do any cocteils???	
May 5 2006 	I'll be back!	Wow, what a find! I regularly visit London for business stopovers and usually stay in faceless, corporate hotels. A friend recommended the Raglan and although it’s a bit off the track for central London its definitely worth checking out. Most of my business is in the north London area so its perfect. Seriously great bar, seriously good restaurant, lovely terrace front and back and really helpful and attentive staff. The rooms are nothing special but perfectly fine, clean and comfortable. I'll be back!	
May 2 2006	so convenient		
May 2 2006	fine hotel	I stayed at this hotel in March of this year. Thought it was an excellent place. Fair sized rooms, good staff and a beauitful bar, shame the weather didn't allow us to take advantage of the back garden patio, it must be great in the summer. I searched throughmany London options but wanted somewhere which would be great for central London but not actually based in the middle of town. This hotel matched all my requirements.Will happily stay there again especially as the bar prices are fair, not the usual rip-off!	
Apr 25 2006	Terrific Staff		
Mar 31 2006	Really really awful		
Feb 10 2006	Total Disgrace		
Nov 14 2005	A tale of two halves		
Oct 23 2005	Noisy		
May 18 2005 	changed hands now very very quiet hotel 		
Nov 6 2004	Very expensive for what it is.		
Oct 4 2004	Loved the Breakfast		
Oct 7 2003	could be cleaner		
Sep 7 2009 	Ich würde es wieder buchen!		
