Aug 1 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	Firstly as the last review states the hotel is now called Royal Hyde Park Hotel after a complete refurbishment.Rooms are small but very bright, modern and most importantly clean! Check out the new pictures of the hotel on the internet, rooms are exactly as you see them (nothing like the old review pictures on here). All rooms have a/c aswell which was v much appreciated given the scorching summer we've had this year! The only problem some might have is that the hotel is above an italian restaurant and if you open the window the cooking smells waft in, just made us more hungry though!Breakfast is not bad considering it's included in the low price of your room. Choice of 2 juices, tea/coffee, one croissant and slice of toast pp (with jam and cheese) and cornflakes but no other option.Bayswater isn't as central as i normally like to be but there's an abundance of shops and restaurants in the vicinity and both Bayswater and Queensway tube are in easy walking distance.	
Jun 10 2006	Pleasant stay at budget hotel	This hotel has actually been renamed Woogo Hyde Park Hotel. It was great value for money. We stayed in a newly refurbished room which was really clean and pretty. However, the room was rather small - but no complaints. Simple morning breakfast is provided - so you can further save up on meals. Clean water from the dispensary is provided, there is also a small pantry that provides hot boiling water as well as drinks like coffee and hot chocolate. Receptionists are rather friendly and helpful. Overall, it was a great room to come back to after a tiring day out. It is also in a good location (heart of london) with supermarkets, cafes and food stalls along the same street, and is a two minute walk to the Tube just across the street.	
May 17 2006	it isn't as bad as they say	last month i went to this hotel. fortunatelly for me my experience was quiet good. we stay in a nice room with a nice bahtroom.really it was small but it doesn´t mind. the girl of the reception was very kind with us. its true that it isn,t the best hotel but it wasn.t as bad as the comentaries of the otfer people.	
Apr 19 2006	Lovely hotel	This was our third time at this hotel, an ideal place because of its location in Bayswater. The hotel staff were great. The rooms are reletavly small, but well planned and very comfortable.Overall, It is great value for money and we will definitely stay here again the next time we are in London!	
Mar 16 2006	Get what you pay for	I checked in here with my friend for two nights. It took us a while to find the hotel as it has changed it's name and we were not informed of this.Once found we dragged our bags up two extremely narrow flights of stairs to reception. We were too early to check in but an area was available to leave our bags and go and get something to eat.When we had checked in we dragged our bags upo two more narrow flights of stairs to our room which was TINY!(pretty much the length of the beds themselves) Needless to say we were falling over each other whenever we were in the room.The room had TV, Phone, a good powerful hairdryer, air conditioning and tea/coffee making facilities.The bathroom was eqully tiny but had a lovely powerful shower which was nice.Sleeping at night became a bit of a balancing act as the bed bases were about half the size of the mattresses that were on them and both mornings i woke up half on the floor with a headbord leaning over me as it was not fastened to the bed or the wall.Breakfast could have been better with a choice of 1 croissant or 2 slices of toast - not much to start off a busy day with. We ended up going out for a cooked breakfast too before heading out for the day.People obviously come into make the beds each day but towels were not changed over.All in all you have to expect to get what you pay for in a London budget hotel.It was clean and staff were friendly and on hand 24 hours. Would probably use again if i knew i wasn't going to be spending much time in the hotel room.	
Feb 27 2006	not as bad as everyone says....	For a hotel that only charges 60 pounds a night....no complaints at all. Everything was kept very clean; good showers, the beds were nice. Maybe the breakfast is not what you hoped for; well, across the street there's a french bakery where you can get whatever you needed. I was a little bit frightened by all the reviews but it turned out to be more than I expected it to be. And the location is absolutelly perfect; just one minute from the tube on the District and Circle Line! Check --- for recent pictures	
Feb 23 2006	No wonder they have changed the name!!	I recently stayed here. The room was very small, dirty and very unkempt. I had read some of the reviews, however decided to give the benefit of the doubt as it seemed to have had a facelift. Everything is cosmetic and already starting tolook tired and worn. The staff are very helpful until you have a problem, our room was not serviced as we had left nightclothes on the bed. The new item slooked to be cheap and nasty Ikea and not properly put together. There was a terrible smell from the chinese below. The manager turned out to be the maintenance man, when I did complain and the continental breakfast was served in the space next to the recption area, and was a plate which was laid wich a crossant 2 sachets of jam 2 plastic packs of plastic cheese and a pat of butter, and a coffee. My daughter dared to ask for another croissant and the member of staff offered her juice or water!!!!!!! Would definately not recommend even for budget....travel inns are better and at least you expect less!!!!!!	
Dec 26 2005	oh my god	So I went there too, and it really is terrible...you just can't imagine...and I DID take some pictures..(i should even have taken some more though....). I'll post them, so everybody can see...never ever go there,better spend a few pounds more for a decent one..it's dirty dirty dirty...I visit Londen a few times a year, and I never have expensive hotels because that's just not doable if you don't want to spend a fortune, but it was the first time I slept ON the sheets, with all my clothes on and a towel on the pillow...the door from the tiny tiny bathroom was the worst...it didn't even close properly...	
Aug 26 2005	Unbelievable!!!	Save your money sleep on the street. Hotel run by the Russin Mafia? I would not let my dog stay here. Dirty, no hot water, breakfast is a joke, staff have no interest in helping you. Do yourself a favour and find another hotel.Paul.CanadaPS I wish I had taken photos to show with this comment.	
Jul 4 2005	Wouldn`t reccomend to a leper	This is the worst hotel ever. Staff are useless, no-one changes the bed sheets or towels. I stayed with my girlfriend for 4 nights of hell. The place is filthy, we found a cockroach in our room on the last day. We told the staff and they said it must`ve got in the window. Later that night my girlfriend found 4 baby cockroaches on the floor of the bathroom and we went to get the manager, who wasnt available. The man at reception took us to another room, which hadn`t been cleaned since the previous guests stay. He told us the manager would be there at 8 the next morning, but she never showed up. We left to catch our train and never looked back.	
Apr 12 2005	Cheap but you get what you pay for.	Service was ok. The photoes of this hotel you see on the web lie a bit about the cleaniness and even about the exterior of this hotel. You go in trough a little door which you cant even see at first. The vacuum cleaner has never gone under the bed. You had to step into the bathroom, cause it's floor was 50cm higher than the room. The shower was small and the bathroom door was always wet after a shower and you know what that did....the door was rotten.	
Jan 9 2005	I loved it.......?	I was so impressed with this friendly English Hotel. They have some nice classic carpet when you climb the stairs with your suitcases. Be carefull though, because this carpet shows the antique stairs underneath and you may trip over it.The reception was a typical reception you can find in those old english horror movies. wonderful....The rooms have an ideal layout. There is enough room for the bed, a tiny closet and a tv, but nothing else. If you think you are too big for this room, don't worry if you stay a couple of days, you will loose some weight because of the breakfast. The bathroom has ancient stains on the tiles and most likely you can find some hair and other leftovers on the floor and in the toilet bowl.The rooms are well heated, you feel fried in the morning which is a great preperation for the delicious one slice of toast you will get for breakfast.If you like a nice horror experience, this is the place in England you don't want to miss.....	
Nov 23 2004	Just keep out!!!!	For sure the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The room was small and dirty, staff doesn't use to do the cleaning in the rooms or make the beds daily. The bin in the toilet still contained previous guests' rubbish. Sunday night, at 1 o'clock, after a whole sightseeing day I was tired and I was going to go to bed but there was noone in the reception, so I stood more than 30 minutes waiting for my room's key. The receptionist was going somewhere, useless to ask where or why wasn't he on duty, because he wouldn't answer... he's actually neither friendly nor helpful... Avoid getting this hotel; next time I'm going to spend a bit more and get a nice (and tidy) B&amp;B. Sorry if my english is uncorrect.	
Nov 9 2004	low cost accomodation	Last week end, we went to London with my boyfriend. We didn't want to spent much money on accomodation. We just wanted a place where to sleep and have a shower, but if possible something clean.We stayed there for 2 nights. Our bedroom was clean... The floor was made of parquet floor and not of carpet, so it looks like cleaner. The shower was ok even it could have been cleaner... but nothing to worry. It is true that the bathroom is very small but at least you have a bathroom in your room.The sheets were clean, some stains on the bed cover...The hotel is well located (not very far away from hyde park, regent street...), near 2 tube stations.We paid £36 for a night. I guess that for that price you cannot expect to have a perfect hotel... We are planning to have some more week-ends in London and we will return to that hotel despite the bad reviews I have read on that hotel.	
Oct 27 2004	Dirty filthy do NOT stay here!!	Possibly the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, worse than the hostels you find when travelling and for the prices they charge, unbelievable!!It's just DIRTY, the carpets are tired and you don't want to take you shoes off in the room. We made the mistake of moving the bed and found loads of rubbish underneath.Would not recommend you stay here under any circumstances.	
Oct 27 2004	Don't even go there!	I agree with everyone's comments on this site that this hotel should be shut down. There is no way I'm going back to that place. I'd just wish I'd seen all your comments before I went there!To start with, the carpet in the entrance hall and stairs was old, torn and dingy. Not a good first impression! The staff was not 'friendly and helpful' as described on the booking site, but rather short and disinterested. We had booked a double room but got a triple, which meant we got 3 very small single beds instead of one bigger one. There were no towels when we got there. The duvet covers had obviously not been washed (I didn't want to imagine what the stains were!) and the floor was dirty and hadn't been hoovered. When we moved one bed closer to the other, we found previous guests' belongings back there, dust and god knows what else. The mattrasses were old and you could feel the springs sticking in your back. Ok, so there was a kettle and TV in the room... I'd much rather have clean sheets, thank you!I didn't want to walk on the carpet barefoot so kept my socks on at all times! (even in the bathroom because it had mould and limescale!). You can see why I didn't use the shower. The sink in the bathroom was very small and had a shelf over it, which meant you would hit your head if you went near the sink to wash your face or something.Another thing is fire safety. The window was very difficult to open and there was no way to climb out onto a ledge or ladder. I can't imagine what would've happened if we had got stuck there in event of a fire!People, there is budget and then there is budget... basic doesn't have to mean dirty and dingy! Besides, I thought £52 for a double room was extortionate for what we got. Conclusion: don't even go there! Spend a bit more and get a nice B&amp;B with a decent English breakfast.	
Oct 6 2004	Not ur typical Hotel!!	Double rooms were just that, about enough room for a double bed. Ensuite facilities very cramped. No remote for TV. Rooms noisy in morning - upstairs floors creaked and showers were very loud. Tea/coffee facilities non existant. No hair dryer (1 between 80+ rooms) so prepare to dry au natural. Reception staff not very helpful and couldnt care less about guests. Avoided breakfast - hotel in general not very clean. No safe area for luggage on departure - at owers risk. On plus side, plenty of hot water and close to Underground. Ok for couple of nights but not for long stay or relaxing weekend. Its not a place you would be running back to at end of busy sightseeing day.	
Apr 7 2004	Hideous filthy and should be condemed.	Hideous Hotel. Filthy rooms, this place should have a health warning on it.The reviewer who said sleep on the street instead, was dead right, you will safer from disease.The rooms were deplorable, the bed was like it had been recovered from a rubbish dump.We decided it best not to stay for breakfast.The expessions on the faces of those who did confirmed our expectations.Bayswater has one jewel in it's crown, The Kings Head pub, down Moscow Road. Check it out!! We did, lovely place.	
Mar 19 2004	sleep on the street instead!!!!!	oh my gosh! not only was the manager rude, but he lost our reservation. and when we tried to call the company we used to fix it, he tried to bully us and said that 'all it would do was cause a confrontation' and ended up 'fixing' the problem with a terrible room. we agreed to stay for 3 nights and he was going to get back to us if he had room for the rest of the week, but since we never saw him for the next 2 days we made other arrangements at another hotel. i told this to the front desk person the next day. when we tried to check out on the 3rd day, the manager told us that he did have room and sent our credit card info to the company that messed up the first time. i told him that if he didn't tell us he had room, how was i suppose to know? he blamed it all on me and said that 'i could leave but he couldn't guarantee that i would get a refund' for the days that i wasn't even suppose to be there for! he was totally rude and i feel tried to take advantage of me and my famliy. the only good thing about this 'hole-tel' is the location and that we had our own bathroom- which is more like a wet room because the hole bathroom is one big shower with a drain in the center. terrible terribl terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Dec 17 2003	Anything but Jubilee.	terribly cramped rooms. noisy area. minimal facilities. horrible food. be warned!	
Feb 19 2003	Budget central accommodation	Incredibly well-located, budget, no-frills, no luxury hotel right in the heart of Queensway. However, you still get an en-suite bathroom, satellite TV, a hair dryer and even a phone and coffee-making facilities. Surrounded by great value-for-money restaurants and shops and practically directly opposite Bayswater underground station. Breakfast consists of tea, coffee or hot chocolate, together with orange juice and plenty of toast. I liked everything about this hotel apart from having to chase and kill a couple of cockroaches every morning before having a shower. I think that, with a little more attention to little details, this hotel can be even greater.	
Mar 30 2007	Je recommande cet hôtel		
