Sep 2 2009 	Excellent location with average services	The hotel is well located within Paddington area with easy access to buses, under ground station and railway station. Plenty of places to eat. Bayswater and Queensway are within walking distance. Hyde Park and the shopping area of Oxford Street are only few miles away.	
May 17 2009 	Low-priced accommodation - not the fanciest but acceptable	My friend and I needed a place to stay for 3 nights so after checking around the internet, this seem to be economical enough without having a lot of really bad reviews. (So many of the cheaper places just had the worse reviews).We had no problems staying here. It is a great location (for rail, bus or tube) and one can walk to the park easily. We felt safe in the neighborhood. The hotel from the outside and the lobby is nice, well kept and clean. The desk staff was always friendly and helpful. Overall the hotel and our room were quiet.Now it is the general nature of many hotels in Europe . . . that they tend to be a little more frail around the edges than many non Europeans are use too or expect. So a few thing a very picky person might complain about, well I just chalk it up to staying in a building that is at least 100 years old.The room was small and basic with basic furnishing, yes the carpet had seen better day, and a modern window and new door would have done wonder. But in the end, it was more than acceptable given the price we paid. I would not hesitate to stay there again!	
May 5 2009 	Basic ok hotel in good situation for budget	The situation was good and the reception worked well. Considering the prices in London, this was a good hotel. Although not everything worked well. There were some dirt around the room, in window courtains and corners etc. The toilet flush didn't work very well, sometime you had to flush many times to make your wastings disappear... The windows were thin and there was some noice from the street. Perhaps a nearby hospital, because there was lots of ambulances going around the area.But as I said, the main accommodation worked and the prices weren't bad.	
Jan 28 2009 	Lovely stu	On one hand, It was a great hotel, well situated, tube station very close which make thing really easy.On the other hand it was very clean and the stuff was kind and friendly.In conclusion, it was much better than i thought and a really good place to stay for an economic price.	
Nov 23 2008	bed bugs.	at first the hotel and room seemed fine, it was cheap so we werent expecting much but we're happy with our room which seemed clean. until we both came home covered with bites. bed bug bites can take up to 2 weeks to show so even if it seems fine, do yourself a favour and just avoid the place altogether.	
Nov 17 2008 	Don't let the bed bugs bite!	We have just returned from a one night stay at Edward Hotel Paddington. When we checked in we were given a room that had quite obviously not been cleaned. The toilet had not been flushed after the previous occupants. There were dirty shampoo wrappers and tissues in the bath, a dirty wet and used towel in the bath tub. The phone wasn't working so we couldnt even call reception to let them know the situation and had to use our mobiles! Once Downstairs our complaints were brushed aside instead we were offered to joing the hotels priority club! We were given a new room which on the face of it looked marginally better. Until the next morning of course when we woke up scratching ! We had been bitten by bed bugs! We stupidly ignored the reviews we had read about this Hotel, and I am now paying for it as i scratch feverishly. Again after checking out our concerns were just brushed aside. I would advise any visitor to really think twice and really weigh out the pros and cons before choosing this hotel. The only good thing is the Location. I will not be returning to this hotel ever.	
Jun 8 2008 	Mmmmmmmmind the gap!!	The hotel was an excellent two star one, with private facilities and tea &amp; coffee boiler.. Perfect to stay in for a holiday..Really pleasant!! Truly recommended... :-)	
May 6 2008 	where did they get the stars from?	my wife and I booked a theatre trip to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. we booked via lastminute.com and appeared to get a really good deal, theatre tickets for Lord of the Rings and a nights accomadation for less that £100.Unfortunately we had transportation problems and had to find alternative transportation from Leicester to London. On the trip down to London we spent 2 hours trying to get through to the hotel to check what the latest time we could check in. Althought we were supposed to have been able to check in from 14:00 no one answered the phone until 17:00. We had chosen the Edward hotel because of its location and the amenities its claimed to offer. Such as en-suite bathroom, Satelite Tv in Room safe etc. We arrived at the hotel at about 23:30, had to wait for about half an hour whilst the night porter dealt with a group of italian tourists. The problem was, the night porter spoke rather broken english and no Italian. The italians meanwhile could also only speak rather broken English. Eventually we got checked in and headed up to our room. Upon arrival we found our room down a small dingy corridor. The room itself wasn't bad, 2 comfortable beds, which we simply pushed together to make a double bed. Its from this point on we had problems. My wife nipped the bathroom and came running back out, as she'd found what looked like a baby cockroach climbing the walls. I took a quick photo of it with my camera phone and then got rid of it. The amenities that the hotel boasts appear to be destinctly lacking - satelitie TV? you get Sky News and CNN and that's only if someone has remembered to turn the channel on downstairs. The in room safe was superbly secure, i couldn't even find it!!!! So there was no way any burgular was going to. The door didn't have any proper locking device, even the door chain was missing. The hotels only plus point was the free WI-FI available, although all the exposed routers on each floor does pang of a rather DIY approach- but as an IT engineer even i had to admit that it worked. At the end of the day however, if you are looking for a dirt cheap hotel in which to get a bit of kip then you could do worse, i know i have in the past, however if you want my adivce and can stretch to the extra cost then i'd stay in a travel lodge or similar, at the end of the day at least with them you know what you're paying for.	
Feb 16 2008 	Some where to lay your head for the Night	We (me, hubby + daughter 12) stayed here one night in Feb '08. I paid £76 (through ASDA Travel) which included a full cooked breakfast.The room was very small, one double + one single bed, with a Small gap between the two. A double wardrobe. One shelf/ dressing table which had all the tea and coffee stuff and no where for me to place my makeup etc!The bathroom was ok, - basic. Room was clean and tidy.Basically the room served a purpose for us to use as a base and lay our heads after a night out at the west end. Don't think I could have stayed there long than the one night, due to the lack of comforts being squashed in the room and no luxuries of a hotel break.The staff on reception were polite but not overly friendly or much interaction.The breakfast was ok, I've had better for less money. The dining room was bland, no atmosphere, annoying music!!Location was the best and only reason we booked, close to hyde park and Paddington station, a tube ride to anywhere!Only use this hotel as a B/B, a cheap base to a trip to see the sights of London.	
Jan 19 2008 	great location and thats about it!	We chose this hotel for the location, and in this respect it did not disapoint. It was a comfortable walk from the hotel to Oxford street and other attractions in that vicinity.Other than that, it was only just worth the money paid. The staff at the front desk were indifferent to guests, and actually seemed quite surprised that an English person would want to stay there. The rooms were small and very shabby. The scratchy blankets looked as though they had been there for decades. The breakfast was okay, but certainly not worth the price charged.Basically, stay here if you want to spend time in central London without breaking the bank, but if you can afford a little bit more than it would be better to treat yourself.	
Nov 8 2007 	A Warning Should Come With This Hotel	Myself and my partner booked this Hotel via the interent, the pictures on the site looked reasonable (lets face it - it's not the Ritz) but I was very happy with the pictures on the website and it appeared to be very central to most attractions in London. We arrived at the Hotel prior to the 1pm check-in and would have been very happy to leave our luggage somewhere secure while we had a spot of lunch until we could check-in. UNLUCKY for us this was not the case! The receptionist that greated us virtually reduced us to tears! He threw a key at us for a room to place our bags screaming at us that it was not acceptable to arrive earlier than check-in time. I must admit that I did look at him in a manner that he obviously did not approve of but I have to say I was completely dumfounded. He then went on to ask for the key back - said we could &quot;Do whatever the hell we liked we our bags - but they were not obligated to keep them!&quot; I pondered the situation for a minute then informed him that we would go for some lunch and come back at check-in time. We went, had lunch and arrived back at 1'o clock. The pleasant receptionist had changed his tune when I asked him to write down the name of the manager - he bribed us with telling us in very poor English that he was giving us the nicest room in the Hotel - it was the suite and cost £150 per night but he would give it to us for two nights at no extra charge! I told him I would not accept such a thing as a apology for his behaviour and he insisted..............WELL..........................if this was the nicest room I would seriously HATE to have been staying in any other room in this Hotel.The carpet was sticky and dirty, their was black mould on the shower curtain, their was cigarettes all over the balcony furniture, other peoples hair in the bath and by 8'o'clock on our first evening we noticed we had no warm water or heat in the radiator! The TV looked like it was borrowed from a museum, most of the lights did not work, the walls needed a good lick of paint. It was bitter cold outside and wasn't much better indoors. We approached the same RECEPTIONIST who told us to let the water run for ten minutes! and give the heat about another half an hour and he would call up.................and he did! With a plug in radiator that was broke on two wheels. We froze in a dingy bedroom for two nights with no warm water and gave up trying to rectify the matter.I suffer from Asthma and left this establishment with a Chest Infection from a cold damp grotty room - I spoke to the Manager upon leaving who offered my £20 compensation but no apology! I took that matter one above her and the Group General Manager apologised on behalf of the RECEPTIONIST telling me that the receptionist is used to doing night shift and obvoiusly the daylight had something to do with hs behaviour! And that I should be grateful that he had tried to make amends offering me their suite! AND that I had already paid a really cheap rate for the hotel. (£70 PER ROOM PER NIGHT)!The Group Manager of course denied that the heat or the hot water were both on the blink and it's very easy to deny now that we are back in Northern Ireland.He proposes that when we next require accomodation in London if he has suitable accomodation available we can have a room with his compliments.................well over my dead body.I find it dispicable that establishments like this are allowed to continue operation. 2 star's is far too many for this Hotel and for £70 a night - I have stayed in better Hostels. I think Bed and Breakfast would be a better title for this place although I'm not sure about that either maybe HELL or something I don't know.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great for the Money	Booked this hotel as part of a theatre package through lastminute.com. At 90GBP for two show tickets and a twin room for a one night mid-week break it was a bargain. After reading some of the previous reviews I was somewhat sceptical but I needn't have been. Chap at check-in was a little unfriendly, don't expect any polite conversation! The room, however, was a pleasant surprise. We had a twin on the 4th floor that, whilst being comically small (wouldn't liked to have stayed more than a couple of nights in such close quarters!) was clean, comfortable and adequately equipped, far better than I was expecting for a budget 2* hotel. TV with remote, Safe, tea/coffee making facilities, windows that actually open and a perfectly good ensuite. Even though our room was at the front of the hotel overlooking the road, traffic noise certainly wasn't a problem, nor were we disturbed by any &quot;hotel&quot; noise. And being only minutes from Paddington tube station we will definitely be staying again.	
Sep 28 2007	YUCK.......Bedbugs!!!!!	Took two nights to realise that we were being bitten alive! We checked under the mattress and found a heap of bugs. We later found a mature female bug (the worst kind that lays up to 10-20 eggs a night) was feasting on our luggage!!! We went and spoke to reception and they moved us into a new room. I had my doubts but tried it anyway. When we got there, again....bugs under the mattress. We complained again and were upgraded to a room completely separate from the hotel....NO BUGS this time. The reception dude later accused us of bringing the bugs with us....hmmmmm!!!! We had friends arriving later that night and they were shown three rooms in the hotel, 2 of which had bedbugs sitting on the top of the bed as you entered! There was no need to even lift the mattress. Suffice to say, they chose not to stay!	
Aug 16 2007 	Wouldnt go back..	At first we got this tiny room with a toilet that didn't flush. Next day they switched us to another one though thank god. Last night coming in to the hotel ( there were three in our party, in a single and double rooms) the receptionist was telling us no visitors are allowed ,which is fine- except we had paid for three and had NO visitors ! Going back to the room we noticed lights were already on and apparently , (eventhough it says in the toilet that if you wish your towels to be changed they should be put on the floor) they don't bring new ones in. Had to go to reception to ask for more and they refused to give us more than one per room. (?!)Working in a hotel myself I found the customer service of the night porter very bad.	
Jun 4 2007 	Filthiest room in years of traveling	I've stayed in over 25 countries and spent a decade travelling constantly while a naval officer (staying at budget or moderate properties) and this was the dirtiest room I've ever been presented. The stickily stained carpet had not been vacuumed (ever?) and the previous guest's bits of tissue paper, hair, and misc. receipts (in Cyrillic) littered the floor. Water stains on the ceiling and stains of unknown origin on the walls. The door jamb near the latch still showed damage from a long ago prying open. Ground floor window looked out on the bottom of the light well / fire escape, complete with rotting banana peels. One of those nasty Glade deodorizers was installed high on one wall, misting every 30 minutes, giving the room the smell of a service station restroom. Halfway through the night I climbed on the chair to disable it. The bathroom was relatively clean, though, so not a complete horror show. Sheets and pillow case were also clean. I only needed a place near Paddington to overnight for a flight connection, so this place served its purpose, but the neglect (once past the decent lobby) was astounding. With the dollar/pound rate at about 50%, this room cost $110. Cheap for London, but disgustingly overpriced when viewed objectively.	
May 29 2007 	Basic but great for the $$$$	Just got back from a 3 night stay. The hotel is VERY central to Paddington Station, which was a HUGE Plus for touring around town. Yes, its a basic hotel, but at London Prices, who can complain. We had a triple on the 5th floor. We found that we didn't have water pressure and the moved us right away to the 3rd flr and everything was great! They even offered to move our luggage while we were out, but we did it ourselves. The rooms are basic, clean and fine for a tourist level hotel. Its not the Ritz, but I wasn't paying Ritz rates!! I would recommend the hotel to anyone as long as they knew it was sort of a Motel 6 type room in the US.I will stay there again.	
Apr 27 2007	Eaten Alive!	While I liked the staff our stay was ruined by bedbugs. Lots of them. I woke up in the middle of the night on our last night there and had four crawling all over me. I've never had this happen before, even in Mexico. Still gives me the creeps. DO NOT STAY THERE. IF A TRAVEL AGENT BOOKED YOU, PAY THE EXTRA CHARGE AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. There are numerous budget hotels in London where you will be happier.	
Mar 28 2007 	Terrible hotel only good quality is location	I'm not even sure where to begin: the arrangement of the room was awful, no remote, had to call twice for them to turn on our phone with broken buttons, internet machine in lobby ate my money, bathroom floor outside the shower was literally black from mold/mildew, faucets were rusty. The whole room and hotel generally felt unclean with subpar service. I dont have the picture of the hallway outside my bedroom but in short it had a rat trap and completely stained carpets. Picture can be sent upon request.	
Mar 18 2007	Budget class but adequate	This hotel is a budget class which means low price and small rooms but don't let this stop you from booking. The staff was helpful and the location was excellent. The showers at peak times lacked hot water and the drain in my room was a problem throughout my 6 night stay. I stayed there with a group of high school students and would book another group there without hesitation. The students got a taste of what most Europeans expect in a hotel room. Breakfast room was bright and most welcoming.	
Feb 6 2007 	Nice place good price.	Spent one week past spring with my girlfriend. On the first nite, we were given a very small double room on top floor. The bed was a french one and not a conventional double. The room was so small there was no room for our suitcase. A window as small as a 12&quot;. Totally nightmare!On the next day, they moved us to a very nice and clean room on the first floor. We spent the rest of the soujur there. Large room, very nice bathroom, nice view on the street. So be careful for what you get!Nice location, few metres from subway and train station (Paddington).We were told that no breakfast is included when booking thru Expedia or related websites.	
Jan 8 2007 	Don't Let The Bed Bugs Bite!	We arrived at this place and even though it looked older it wasn't bad-at first. The elevator is tiny and the hallway leading to our room was narrow and dark. The room was ok- 4 beds and upstairs/downstairs. When we arrived we tried to take a shower but there was no hot water. The management came up to help us - made the water lukewarm and said we could get a maintnence person 'tomorrow.' While in the bathroom I noticed a couple of small black bugs in the shower. About an hour later my family and I sat around watching tv. We saw a small black bug crawling on the white bedding of one of the beds. It was the same bug seen in the bathroom. When we pulled back the sheets we found 10 bugs crawling around! We immedietly notified the person working at the desk who stated he didn't need to see the bedbugs because he believed us. No apology. Also he did not look surprised! We were so grossed out we left and found another hotel. Until this experience I didn't know bed bugs existed. It was a terrible experience!	
Dec 27 2006 	UGH!	Booked thru Go-Today travel agency. Knew it was a budget hotel but why the owner of a property with a decent location would let it get so rundown-I do not know! We arrived and are told the lift is broken and will be out for 24 hrs. NO HELP in getting our bags up three STEEP flights of stairs! a 62 yr old man in the lobby said his 85 yr old father could not even walk down much less carry luggage down! No help! next day we were told the lift was out for two weeks! Obviously this was heavy duty planned maintainance that they knew in advance and did not notify the public or their travel agencies. But wait! Our tv was out the first day, they charge for internet but hey it was out! I had a new ac/dc converer that burned out after twenty minutes! The attidude at the desk was so what I won't carry your bags! Why they did not hire a temp to help elderly travellers with their bags is insane. Did not make a dime's adjustment to our bill either. The hotel should have been closed during this time! This hotel makes a motel 6 look like the Ritz! In Oct the room was hot and when you open the windows the traffic noise was horrible. A DUMP! We stayed at a budget hotel in Paris the next three nights-Larger room, quiet , freshly painted, everything worked and the front desk was very helpful.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great	If you're going to have a late party and live out of town, this is a great little hotel. It's cheap, conveniently situated and the rooms are great value. I shared with a mate after the office christmas party, and it worked out to about £24 - much less than the cost of a taxi at 2am. Go for it - it's warm, the beds are clean and it's just nice knowing you can have a bit of a sleep in instead of commuting the next day.	
Dec 7 2006 	Room 208 - Room burgaled by hotel staff	I stayed here during my first trip to London in which I had booked no accomodation prior to my visit. On arrival at paddington station it seemed a reasonable hotel from the foyer but little did I know the heartache this place would cause me.On arrival we were told that the room would not be ready and to come back in two hours time, on check in we noticed that the room number 407 had been scored out on the receipt and replaced with 208.The first night went without much problem but the evening of the second night before we went home things started to develop into a nightmare when we arrived at our room to find the exit door next to our room open. When we got inside our window was lying open and several items were stolen including a 60GB Ipod, iM3 Docking Station, 2 psp games and over £500 in cash.Our window was not open when we left so the only way in was from the inside itself, the window and susequently the fire escape were left open as to indicate to us how they got in. This however was no opportunist thief as our passports were left alone in the room on the table in plain sight as well as the fact that they would have covered their tracks a little better.Add to this the fact that the hotel refused to phone the police and you can see that something is not right about his hotel. The hotel have as yet refused to compensate me for this loss and I would advise anyone thinking of staying here to forget about it you will only get robbed if you have expensive items and they see them.	
Jul 29 2006	Good Location/Not a great room	We chose the Edward Hotel for its location as we knew we would be sightseeing a great deal. However, at the end of a long day of walking one would expect the elevator to work and a cool breeze to be available. There is no air conditioner in this hotel and the only relief comes from sitting out on the window ledge. Bed is extremely small and there is no water pressure in the toilet. Continental breakfast means &quot;pay&quot; a large sum for a very limited breakfast. Staff is not helpful--the best thing about this hotel is its close location to Hyde Park and several Underground routes.	
Jul 1 2006	Could be good	The foyer was lovely...then you hit the lift.....and you and you get an idea of the rest of the place. A narrow corridor lead to our room, which was tiny but rather cute. No ventilation we thought, and extremely tiny, but we can cope with that at least we have windows right!!!!!!A hint here &quot; CLEAN THE BIRD DROPPINGS OFF THE WINDOWS&quot;. The rooms facing the street may have clean windows..but the windows in the rooms at the back are filthy with bird droppings, we could NOT see out our window at all, so we were not game to open it to get a bit of fresh air.On the other side of things, it is well priced and is staffed by nice people.Also there is everything you need right at hand including a GREAT indian resturant.	
Jun 23 2006	Never again!	stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. The first single room of my friends smelt so strongly of sewerage she had to get another room. Our room smelt ok, but after a night there we were all bitten by bed bugs, receiveing some nice red bites all over. They moved us and supposedly fumegated the room, but some of our things were missing in the process of the move. Would NEVER stay here again and advise all to stay away no matter how tempting the price! Health inspectors needed here!	
Jun 19 2006	A good buy	I was probably lucky because having booked a single room for four nights through hotels.com I was given a two bed room. It was quite a good room and the only complaint I have is TV reception which was sometimes OK, sometimes had OK sound but blurred image and sometimes dropped sound too. I mostly used BBC but sometimes zapped and sometimes found better quality for Sky and some less interesting channels. This came as no surprise having read an earlier review.My room was not towards the street so trafic noise was not a problem. Spring Street is also not a very busy road. The distance to the tube station is not very long.When I booked I did not realize that breakfast was not included but after having read an earlier review I checked the confirm message and it was not stated that breakfast was included. Not a big problem because I could make my own coffee with equipment and instant coffee provided in the room. Last morning I had forgot to buy something to eat for breakfast so I had the continental breakfast for £5. The lady in the breakfast room who checked my room number pointed out that breakfast was not included for me but I told her that I was going to pay for it. The continental breakast is better than at many other hotels, as both yoghurt (with or without fruit), muesli and other cereals, ready to eat grape fruit slices and other kinds of fruit were available.For the price Hotels charged for this hotel, £165 for four nights, it was a very good buy.	
Jun 15 2006	Relieved - thought it was a great value	I was very worried about the hotel after reading the reviews and tried to change hotels but was having a hard time meeting all our requirements anywhere else. So my husband and I were pleasantly surprised when the rooms were fine: decent size for Europe, cleaned daily, and serviceable. At $80 (including taxes but excluding breakfast ) through expedia, this was a *great* deal for London. (I don't think I'd pay more than $120 for a double, though.) Most of the staff was very friendly, and the night guy, who could be a bit grumpy, was fine with a little patience.BTW, the continental breakfast at 5 pounds was fine, but we liked Luigi's down the street on Spring Street--you could get a decent-sized breakfast for 3.5 pounds or less.	
Apr 30 2006	Adequate	I was really worried about staying here after reading the reviews on this page, but it turned out to be a perfectly adequate hotel room for how low a price we paid. It was clean, had great plumbing and was in a perfect location. My only real complaint was that the bed was small and hard. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again, but it was certainly serviceable (sp?) and met our needs.	
Apr 26 2006	A Lot To Be Desired	Although the Edward is not the worst hotel I have ever stayed in (that would be at a Mexican bus stop) it is by no means the best. To start with the Hotels.com website led me to believe that a) breakfast was included and b) that we would have a double room. Our first night was in a twin!! The manager was completely nonreceptive to my complaint stating that &quot;we get that all the time with Expedia bookings look it says twin/double&quot;. Who booked with Expedia I said? I used Hotel.com. He replied that it was Expedia in disguise. Turned out he was right. He was also right about breakfast not being included. The listing in Hotels.com gives the impression breakfast is included a little deceptive I think. Be careful folks!! They switched us to a double the next day. I must say that the double was much better than the twin. The twin had a tiny shower/bathroom with a showerhead that was both filthy and dysfunctional. The water was not really hot and the single bedside table placed between the 2 beds was absolutely filthy. The double was much better. Much better shower and although still a little cramped it wasn't bad.I think only being able to book in at 3PM is insane!!! Although they did take care of our bags while we went for a walk in Hyde park. Zero offer of any help at all with bags. We negotiated a couple of springloaded doors - tricky. The storage cupboard was again filthy. Still what can you do??They did give us complimentary breakfast the next day because I was annoyed however it really wasn't worth getting. The usual continental junk. One of the pleasures of going to Britain is the great breakfasts there. I advise you to not buy b/fast at the Edward. Walk a couple of steps down the road to Luigi's on the same side of the street. It is small but very clean and the full English breakfast is both cheap and delicious. 3.20 pounds for the full monty.Overall I think I would try somewhere else next time especially for the $262 I spent for 3 nights. It is not cheap moneywise but it is in every other sense. They even wanted to charge for the internet computer in the lobby and I bet that elevator has rarely if ever worked. This is a typical Paddington/Bayswater flea-pit that wants to sell itself as something else. I am sure there are much worse but there must to be something a little better also. Good luck!	
Apr 23 2006	Don't Get off at Paddington Station!	Got to London, which is already double our Canadian dollar, and to spend any amount of GBP on this shanty town was an insult to my wallet. Firstly, the Porter that night greeted us with a cold mumbled hello--I think it was a 'hello.' So up to the room we go, only to find a small utility closet-like room, for 2? Back down to Mr. Friendly where he stalled and beat around the bush when we asked for another room. We booked our stay here in January and our trip was in April, and the Porter was giving us the run-around saying a party of 4 (who booked only 1 month prior to their stay) had precedence over our room selection because they got it at a higher rate. So apparently, online bargaining works against you. After about 5 minutes of wasting our time, he offered to change our room after 1 night spent in the transformed utility closet. Which would be fine if we were there a week, but it was only a 2-night stay. Once we got to the better room, it wasn't anything special--and where did he expect 4 people to sleep in there? It was snug for 2 of us. Finally when we needed a taxi to Heathrow Airport after our 2 nights, we called the Front Desk since it is their line of work to be of service to its clients. 35 GBP to Heathrow--perfect. Now we go out for our last dinner and find a &quot;minicab&quot; company offering the same trip at 25 GBP. They told us the Porter pockets 10 on each clueless tourist they &quot;help.&quot; Never again, keep riding the tube past Paddington!	
Jan 19 2006	Laptop and Camera Stolen At Edward Hotel	My VAIO laptop and new digital camera were stolen at this hotel. Three weeks of holiday photographs gone, plus the financial loss. The hotel took no responsibility—they wouldn’t even call the police for me. They probably didn’t want the bad publicity. The clerk pointed out the multiple signs that state the hotel was not responsible for any stolen items. Makes me suspicious of why they posted the signs. I walked to the police station and filed a report.	
Jan 14 2006	Great value for money	I've stayed at The Edward Hotel on two separate occasions, and both times I've enjoyed a really comfortable and pleasant stay. The rooms are clean and spacious with a good sized bathrooms (some with baths). Staff are friendly, and the continental breakfast comprised fresh fruit, fruit salad, croissants, cakes, cereal, juices, to name a few.After reading some of the other reviews posted here, I'm convinced that the reviewers are getting this hotel mixed up with a hotel of a similar name situated in Victoria. This is one of the best budget hotels I've visited.	
Sep 8 2005	Wouldn't stay here again if you paid me!	I was going to a concert in Hyde Park so chose this as a cheap hotel nearby, we would be getting in late and only staying for 6/7 hours. When we arrived the staff were quite ignorant, we had to stand for quite a while waiting to be served and the receptionist never once said she wouldn't be long or apologised for the delay. Bad service you can live with but the hotel itself you couldn't. It had no lift up a thin and fairly dangerous staircase (carpet had tears in it - trip hazard), the room was disgustingly dirty, there was green mould on the bathrooms walls where there was really bad dampness, the smell was unbearable. It was also tiny - felt dirtier after having a wash - didn't even attempt to shower in it. The bedroom had very basic furniture with an uncomfortable bed and decor in a state. The wallpaper had bits missing and the carpet was covered in stains. I am unsure as to how the hotel had not been closed down by health inspectors and would never ever stay here again, under ANY circumstances. Thankfully I was only there a few hours and that was bad enough!	
Jul 12 2005	Check around first - but very nice staff!	The Edward Hotel has one thing in it's favour (and even that is a drawback late at night)- the location. It is literally right beside the Victoria bus station, the Victoria Train station and the Underground. It is very central - but don't pay alot! The rooms are TINY and are all smoking rooms. The sheets, though clean, still smell like cigarettes. It seemed to me that each person staying there had paid a different price and that the prices are negotiable for some reason. The staff are very friendly and are service oriented and hard working. The breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, yogurt and hot beverages and juice. The rooms were very noisy with the trains running right beside you on the left and the underground right below you. Would I stay again? Probably not, there are tons of B&amp;B's in that area - I would check them out and see the differnce first. Rating? Maybe a 5 out of 10. I paid 43.00 pounds per night - I think it was too much for what you get!	
Apr 3 2005	Just fine	I have just returned from London where I stayed at the Edward hotel. Before leaving I didn't know what to expect having read other reviews posted here. For an inexpensive two star hotel it was just fine. The rooms were small but clean. Fresh sheets and towels everyday. Everything in the room worked fine. The staff was friendly and helpful. There was an all you can eat breakfast that included fresh fruit, cereal, juices. croissants and the like. Everything you might want is in the nieghborhood. The Paddington tube station was just around the corner. The hotels' location is great, near Hyde Park. I had a very nice stay. For an inexpensive hotel it was just fine.	
Jan 25 2005	Basic 2* hotel	Having just returned from this hotel (one night stop), I had to review it. This is a two star hotel, the location was great, it was clean, the room had the usual amenities including beverage tray. I paid 40GBP for a double room with a continental breakfast and was very happy.	
Jan 2 2005	Gouge your eyes out with a fork before you stay here	Whoever said this hotel is clean was drinking waaay too much mead at the pub and bashed their head on the toilet. It is nasty and that's being generous. The carpet in our room was filthy and coming apart from the wall. The room radiator didn't work and there was no heat in the bathroom--in December! Hotel staff is discourteous and uncaring. We waited for mail and phone messages that were never given to us! The only compliment I can give this hotel is that the wake-up call actually worked on the morning I left. I can't say it enough--Stay away from this establishment.	
Sep 14 2004	Terrible		
Sep 3 2004	Great Position		
Jul 21 2004	no frills but clean and well located		
Jul 5 2004	Awful hotel		
Jun 8 2004	totally shocking worst ever!		
Apr 20 2004	A DEFINITE no-no		
Apr 5 2004	Horrible		
Jan 27 2004	Better Hotels out there!		
Jan 27 2004	Awful Time at Edward Hotel		
Aug 13 2003	Basic but well situated		
Nov 16 2009 	sufficiente		
Oct 14 2009 	???????????		
Sep 12 2009 	Bastante malo		
Sep 11 2009 	correcto		
Jul 23 2009 	Non ci tornerei...		
Jun 5 2009 	Posizione ottima. Hotel Discreto		
May 12 2009 	Lage Top Hotel Flop!		
Mar 9 2009 	Bon plan		
Jan 29 2009 	Buon compromesso per chi si accontenta!		
Jan 22 2009 	Ottima soluzione!!Pulito ed economico.		
Jan 12 2009 	un hotel indecente		
Dec 13 2008 	Mi sono trovato bene...		
Oct 24 2008 	El peor hotel que he visto nunca		
Jul 4 2008	Unerwartet positiv überrascht!		
Feb 26 2008 	Hotel senza pretese e senza colazione...		
Jan 3 2008 	terrible		
May 29 2007 	para ser londres no estaba nada mal		
Sep 8 2006 	Ein Alptraum		
