Oct 19 2009 	one of the worst hotels in the world	First of all, what makes me really upset is that these few positive reviews are clearly made by hotel owner or staff - this hotel is nothing even close to what they say... I would not stay there even if somebody paid me - in fact i never even stayed there.. Just walking into the room was enough of an experience. But there is more to it!Our other hotel was overbooked and we were sent to The Continental. Upon arriving i paid for the room straight away - A big mistake - i always check the room beforehand... When we saw the room me and my partner returned immediately to reception. We told the receptionist that we are not happy with the room / hotel, we would rather stay somewhere else. The receptionist refused to refund the money we paid literally 5 minutes ago.... After about an hour of arguing, we left.... I even called the police, which said they could not do anything about it...i still have the receipt - does anyone know if there is some consumer rights organization that could help me??? I am so disappointed the Continental and its staff! Nobody nobody ever treated me like they did! it does not even deserve one star...	
Sep 9 2009 	Unbeatable price excellent if you are just looking for a bed	At the minimum rate of £30 per day for a single room this hotel does its job pretty well. It is a place to sleep, not for work or romance. Of course you can feel the hotel's age, see some things that needs repair (e.g. missing the mirror lamp at the bathroom) and space is limited - I was in a single room - but for this price you also get a breakfast. Toast, cereal, juice and coffee/tea - the only thing you choose is your jam flavour. I must say that given the points mentioned I was satisfied with my stay.	
Jun 18 2009 	Total Rip Off	First, my room wasn't ready when I checked in, so they put me in a temporary room. It was decent enough, but what a surprise I was in for when I got my actual room. It does not have its own bathroom. It is out in the hall. The &quot;deluxe&quot; single I had stayed in the night before has its own bathroom. That is not my definition of a single including a bathroom! Plus their FREE wifi (according to their brochure next to reception) actually costs 10 pounds! If I would have known this, I would have paid a little more to stay somewhere else, and I highly recommend you do too.	
Mar 2 2009 	are you kidding me???	A few weeks ago my friends and I came to London on a tourist visit wanting to explore the city. The trip was all about the sights of London and we did not need a fancy hotel as we understood that a budget hotel would do just to sleep in. We booked this hotel as it is described on various websites as a nice budget hotel in a good central location.Only one of these statements is correct, there is budget and there is the London Continental. What a joke! Granted it is in a perfect location but it is not the only budget hotel to be located in a good location. On first appearance the hotel looks like it is well maintained, nice reception, bright interior, friendly staff etc. In fact all these improvements are to cover up the decaying condition of the rooms which i will not wish upon anyone. The rooms were poorly maintained with our shower looking like it was fitted by a DIY enthusiast. There was mold and limescale in the shower and the corners, the room had a funky smell and my friend developed a rash from sleeping on the bed.I understand that European budget hotels have a different style and way to the American hotels, however I'm pretty sure there are regulations that need to be met in order to run a hotel. This is not another American rant, as I have been backpacking to other destinations in Europe with friends and we have always stayed in budget hotels but none as poorly maintained as the London Continental. I would advise anyone looking for a budget hotel to keep looking.	
Jun 13 2008 	Loved it excellent stay	From the time i enetered the hotel till I left I loved this place. The lobby was very nice, I got a really nice double room with en suite shower and TV. It looked like a brand new room and the beds were very comfortable, (I woke up without backache too).Anyway the staff were all pleasant and the rate is the best value in the area.	
Jan 15 2008 	Hated it would not recommend	We stayed here for two nights and although first impressions were good and the hotel was in a great location for the tube the rooms left a lot to be desired.We had one room on the ground floor and one on the second floor. the room on the ground floor was small but adequateThe second floor room however was a different story, there were bare wires hanging from the wall, (not covered) the fridge did not work, the fan in the bathroom did not work neither did the fridge.The decoration in the bedroom was terrible and the noise from the floor above kept us awake all night. This was the creaky floor boards and not the occupants. We did ask to change our room but was advised that there was only one room and that was in the basement and would not be available until 11am that morning and at that time we would be out sightseeing.I took a leaflet from reception about the hotel and this said new refurbished - i have to strongly disagree with this.The continental breakfast included in our tariff comprised of 2 slices of toast and a bowl of cereal and these were put out ofr us, we could not help ourselves.We were also given an outdoor key as we were advised that the main door would be closed at midnight, however on our return we found that our key nor our friends key would work and had to knock and ring the bell for about 15 mins before someone from another room came and let us innot one for the best hotel guide	
Aug 7 2007 	TERRIBLE HOTEL	I booked this hotel because it's in a good zone of London, near Oxford Street and Baker Street (underground is at 3 minutes walk). But, for 60 pounds for a twin room per night, it is just unfair. The receptionist wanted us to see the room before checking in, we noted it was a little broken but accepted and he charged us both the nights we were staying immediately...and then I understood why. The room was dirty, very dirty. The moquette was dirty, maybe not cleaned since months, and broken too. There was two big holes in the walls, large as a head. With 5 lights in the main room, just two were working. The sheets was just changed when we took the room, but they had some strange &quot;spots&quot;. But the best was the bathroom: so llittle, broken, with the shower incredibly dirt. Finally: I think that with few pounds more (for a twin room), you can find easily better accomodation.	
Jun 16 2007 	old very basic	I stayed at the hotel for two nights because it was only GBP 30 for a single room (quite impossible to get a cheaper room in London).When I arrived I was upgraded to a twin room, which was on the first floor, facing the street. It can be quite loud when the window is open - you can't hear the TV anymore. The capet was filthy and there where two wholes in the wall, of about 10 cm diametre (plasterboard wall). The matress was covered in plastic foil and that's extremely uncomfortable, especially when it's hot.The bathroom looks old, the tiles are broken and it looks very amateurish made.The breakfast was basic: coffee/tea, 2 slices of toast with jam, orange juice, cornflakes.However, the staff was friendly and the locaction of the hotel is really good. It's just about 5-7 minutes from Baker street tube station, and if you arrive by &quot;easybus&quot; from Stansted airport, it's also not far away (advantage: bus goes throughout the night, but advance-booking is reccommended).	
Apr 27 2007 	TERRIBLE!!!!!!!	We stayed at the continental for just one night, because we couldn't find any room in the surrounding area (there was the marathon the following day!!!). But this night has been enough to run away!!! We payed 45£ for a double bed room. our room was horrible: dirty and old, the tv (satellite????? I dont think so!) was out of order, the bathroom was dirty as well and the fridge was just a mobile in the room.....awful and terrible. According to me, 45£ are too much for this place....hostels are much more clean. Next time I think I will sleep under the London Bridge...maybe it would be safer! When I woke up my body was full of red spots... I don't know what were they but I think bugs bites or something like that....please, don't go there!!!! There are other hotels much more comfortable and cheaper than this loo!!!!!	
Apr 22 2007 	NICE HOTEL - Atmosphere is perfect	I read about this hotel before staying there, I read some bad reviews but I cant believe any of them after staying there. This hotel was cleaned every day, the ambience of the hotel is freshness.I would stay there everytime I go to London...	
Jan 12 2007	Bed Bugs Avoid!	I stayed here last year and the experience scarred me for life. The room had bed bugs, I was bitten all over and I ended up in the hospital. Please don't stay here, it's filthy.	
Dec 20 2006 	A young team with nice smiles	I was delighted returning back to the London Continental Hotel after 5 years to see an almost brand new hotel....the front lobby and entrance have been changed to look more contempary and plush...the staff are very young, inviting and charming. (i had my eye on one of them!!!) the double room i stayed in was clean, the right size and quiet. I had some business meetings planned for another venue whilst staying in the hotel, but the staff allowed me to book the lounge area which was very plush indeed. We were given internet access to our laptops and overall the meeting was a success. The breakfast is tea, coffee or juice. Toast and/or cereal. Im not sure how they survive charging such low rates but hey im not going to complain. For a W1 hotel at the prices they offer, they are the best value in central london. Well done young lads.	
May 10 2006 	Very good refreshing stay	Lovely hotel in central london, i have seen some rubbish hotels in my time, but this was exceptional for the price. A double room costs ?50 per night, it was brilliant, the furniture was in good order, breakfast was served by a lovely waitress and the staff were polite and helpful. I will never stay in those dingy hotels any more. It took me a few minutes to get to Oxford Street, I just hope they dont increase their prices. Oh just another thing it would be best to book early to guarantee a room as this is a very popular hotel.	
Oct 17 2005	The Worst Hotel in the UK	After travelling the whole world, this would have to be the worst hotel ever. We acknowledge that it is a budget hotel, but no one should have to put up with the conditions we endured. We encountered fungus sprouting from the shower and bedroom walls, filthy carpet and bed linen, broken front door (would not lock) and an overpowering damp stench throughout the whole building. To give credence to our review, while watching tv in our room, a show titled &quot;UK's Worst Hotels&quot; was featured. Guess what was made the list - yes - the Continential Hotel.	
Jul 5 2005	Dont Ever Book A Room Here	We booked a room at this hottelin early July 2005. Let me just say that the room we were allocated was disgusting. The carpet was filthy, there were tiles falling off the bathroom wall, the urniture was falling apart, there was some sort of party going on in the hotel until 04:30 in the morning. The hotel was in such a bad state that we didnt dare risk eating breakfast there!Definately not recommended to anyone! It was more like a DHSS squat than a hotel	
Oct 4 2006	Wanzen im Hotelbett		
