Nov 23 2009 	Looked good but not very accommodating	I was due to stay at this hotel on business but the event was delayed by one week. Hotel refused to move date and charged full fee even though I guaranteed I would stay the next week. Staff not very helpful in this scenario. Business users beware.	
Nov 5 2009 	Convenient comfortable and good value	We stayed here in October for 4 nights before heading to other parts of England to visit family. We were delighted to find the Heathrow Connect service stops at Ealing Broadway which turned out to be less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel. That meant we were at the hotel within 30 - 40 minutes of leaving the airport. We arrived early in the morning so handed our luggage over for storage and went out sightseeing. When we returned we found our luggage had been transferred to our room. We had paid the supplement for a garden room which actually overlooked the roof of the breakfast room, but being at the rear of the building avoided any possibility of disturbance from traffic noise. Rooms here are small, but extremely well apointed and very comfortable. The website advertises &quot;king size beds&quot; - maybe England has a different definition of king size to Australia - it certainly wasn't, but was very comfortable anyway. The bathroom was tiny, but had the best shower ever, positioned over a full size bath squeezed into an alcove. Hot water, good power, large fluffy towels and nice toiletries.Our room - as well as the public areas - was spotlessly clean and well maintained. We even had our carpet cleaned one day!The included breakfast was very generous with a choice of cereals, yoghurt, fresh fruit, toast, meats, cheeses, pastries &amp; croissants and kept us going all day. All the staff we encountered were very friendly without being intrusive, and made our stay very pleasant. We didn't eat in the restaurant at night, but did visit the small local Italian restaurant round the corner which served enormous meals at very good prices. We also noticed several other restaurants close to Ealing Broadway station, but didn't get back to them. Being so close to the tube was excellent and the staff at the station were friendly and helpful with ticket advice. We found it very easy and convenient to get around from here using an all day off peak ticket (cheaper after 9.30am).If you had a lot of luggage, or were planning to spend a lot of time in the hotel then this might not be the place for you, but for somewhere to put your head down in clean, comfortable surroundings after a day of sightseeing this hotel would be hard to beat for the price.	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice place for a city trip in London!	The hotel is about 20 minutes (by subway) away of the center of London but is easily accessible! The style of the hotel is nice, typical lounge atmosphere! Staff were very friendly and heplfull for finding restaurants and using the subway. The rooms are in the same style and very clean. In the hotel there is also a Japanese restaurant but we didn't have dinner over there. In the same restaurant you can have breakfast and it was good. Also because the room gives you a restfull feeling and you have a nice view on the beautiful garden. There is only one problem, don't book a room on the street side because this side is somewhat noisy due to a lot of traffic during the night and the 2 rooms on ground level have even more trouble with noise due to the reception that is just aside!	
Oct 1 2009 	Stylishcleanfriendly and cozyfeels home!	I visit London very often in a year,this was my best stay ever! clean and beautiful! professional staff,very , very friendly would do anything to make your stay pleasant ! nice breakfast,great garden to enjoy,all facilities you need for business or leisure definitely the best hotel to stay in London!	
Sep 28 2009 	Reasonable for a short stay	I've just returned from a 2 night stay at Hotel 55. I travelled alone to attend a course / conference near the hotel. I stayed in a &quot;cosy room&quot;, the smallest room type. It cost £70/night B&amp;B, booked direct with the hotel. My room was ready when I arrived, located on the ground floor. It was very small - probably about 3 square metres, and almost all the floorspace was taken up by the very comfortable double bed. It is, after all, a &quot;cosy&quot; room. They make reasonable use of what room there is; a flatscreen TV is on the wall in front of the bed; there's a wardrobe with safe and fridge inside, and a small desk with kettle, tea/coffee etc. There's free still and sparkling water too. The bathroom is small but again makes good use of space; the water pressure is great (too good in fact - I got soaked when I turned on the tap to brush my teeth!). The shower cubicle is oversized (good) and there's Molten Brown shampoo, shower gel etc. I slept quite well though I did hear some noise from the room next door both nights (I'll spare the detail of what the noises were). There was certainly no traffic noise and no door slamming, footsteps upstairs etc to be heard. Breakfast was good both days, with cereal, meats / cheese, pastries, toast, fruit juice etc to choose from. The restaurant is very tastefully decorated. I ate there on the second evening and again it was good, albeit I was too tired to pay much attention. There's a patio area behind the bar / restaurant area but I didn't go into it. Reception were very helpful; an internet code was produced immediately on asking, and they booked taxis for me both mornings. They also delivered an iron to my room, and on the first morning it was delivered at precisely 7am, which they'd agreed to do the previous evening.In summary this was a good base for a short stay in the outskirts of London. The room was a bit too small for more than one person and would probably have become a bit claustrophobic had I been staying much longer, but for a weekend it was absolutely fine. The amenities, decor and breakfast were all satisfactory, and for this price in London it represents a very good deal. Recommended.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great out of city center location	Hotel is clean, perfect for a short stay outside London. nearest Tube station is 2 minutes walk, limited parking is available, not sure of the options if the parking is full.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great hotel and service and defenitly recomend it	It was one of the best hotels that i stayed in Europe. The staff is very freindly and helpful. They welcomed us and we were able to keep our luagage at the hotel until the chekc in-time. The room is small but it's very clean, it served the purpose of spending the night there. Breakfast was inlcuded in the price which amazed me b/c none of the other hotels in europe inlcuded breakfast. It was a small open buffet but very delicious. I rememer i wanted a croisant and there was no more left and right away within 15 min they made a whole bunch of fresh ones even though breakfast was almost over. The had a free internet and computer available.Location wise, it's couple of minutes away from one metro stationa and like 15 min away from another metro station. It's also 15 min away from a lively area, which has restaurants, pharmcies, stores and coffe shops.Overall it was a great experince and i wish all the other hotels do the same, it's a small hotel but very nice enviroment with very nice staff. They also have a patio if you want to have your breakfast out there.	
Aug 12 2009 	Nice und cozy - Liked the Service	Once your sitting on the tube it doesn`t matter, if it`s ealing or not.The next tube station is just a two minute walk away.The hotel itself is really welcoming.Really nice and open stuff, who are really pampering their guests.We arrived there pretty early, our room was ready within a couple of minutes.While we`re waiting, we enjoyed a cappucino in the nice lounge.I really liked that.The room itself was small (but ok!) but poshy enough for me.The beds are adorable.We had a really great weekend - not just because of the hotel, but it helped a lot :)	
Aug 8 2009 	Modern Cozy Place to Stay	The hotel feels like a U.S. bed and breakfast due to what appears to be a renovation of a couple adjoining houses. The rooms are small but very clean and nicely kept. The bathroom was small but in excellent shape and the shower is very powerful. There is a continential breakfast each morning with excellent wait staff.The hotel is about 1-1/2 blocks from the North Ealing tube station and there is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Convenient and attractive	Stayed here two nights and would definitely recommend it if you need to be in this area. Very convenient for Kew Gardens and for Heathrow by the nearby tube station. The room was tiny but stylish and clean. I got an upgrade (which seems to be common) to a garden-facing room for 80 pounds. Free wifi was great. The Italian and Indian restaurants around the corner were convenient and good. Both had big groups the nights I was there, so locals obviously like them.	
Jul 27 2009 	Convenient and a good value for the money	My wife and I recently visited the UK and this is the place where we stayed during the fifth night of our trip. Once we found the place, the biggest issue was finding parking. The hotel has no onsite parking but being London we expected parking to be an issue. Luckily the East Ealing tube station is pretty close to the hotel so we were able to park there for the duration of our stay without any problems. It was also very convenient to stay somewhere that is so close to a tube station.The hotel’s décor is very modern and trendy which made it attractive. Check-in was easy and the desk clerk was very friendly and was kind enough to give me change for the parking meter. Walking to our room was quite difficult however because there where large stacks of bags of towels all thought the halls which had to be climbed over at times. I thought to myself at first that they were probably just doing their rounds cleaning the rooms, but the bags were there during our whole visit, so I guess that is just where they store them which we thought was kinda odd.The Room was VERY small and essentially had just enough room for the King sized bed in it so you had to climb over it to get to the bathroom and there was no room at all to put your luggage. Still, my wife and I agreed that it was good that they didn’t sacrifice the quality and size of the bed for more walking space because the bed was the most amazingly comfortable bed that I’ve ever slept in. It had both a feather down mattress and comforter. The bathroom was small too and the sink didn’t work very well, but the shower was nice with great water pressure.The hotel includes breakfast which is nice and convenient. It wasn’t too fancy but it was perfect for our needs. Checkout was quick and easy and the desk clerk in the morning was just as friendly as the one the day before.All in all a pretty good place to stay.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Comfortable Excellent Value	Stayed here for one night early July to attend concert at Wembley. We chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and were not disappointed. After staying in London hotels previously, it was a nice change to find the hotel exactly like the pictures, very clean and modern, easily accessible by road or tube. Staff were friendly and helpful, Breakfast the usual continental, good choice of cereals, bread and pastries, juice, yoghurts, tea/coffee etc. Our room was small but adequate for the short stay. There was a fridge in the bedroom and a safe. Thoroughly recommended.	
Jul 6 2009 	This Hotel Rocked	We chose this hotel for a 2 night stay ,when we went to Hard Rock Calling at Hyde Park, based on trip advisor reviews and weren't disappointed. We paid £85.00 per night and had a well decorated garden facing room with bath and powerful shower over it. The bed was very comfortableEverything was spotless and the staff were friendly, efficient and helpfulThe continental breakfast was nothing special but adequate and we ate it in the lovely garden as the weather was so goodWe managed to get one of the 4/5 parking spaces outside the hotel, but there is very cheap parking at the Tube station which is literally just round the cornerWe tried the Italian restraunt by the Tube and the food &amp; service was very good.All in all a great find at a reasonable price and we will certainly stay there again(Hard Rock Calling was amazing - esp. Bruce Springsteen - what a great weekend!)	
Jun 28 2009 	Hotel 55 - reasons to be cheerful	Three friends stayed in Hotel 55 and were amazed at the service and quality of this boutique hotel. Nothing was too much of a challenge and the friendliness of the staff was wonderful.Thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Jun 8 2009 	Very nice indeed!	Just got back from a long weekend at Hotel 55 for my boyfriend's birthday and we were really impressed! Booked through their website and got 3 nights (Friday-Sunday) B&amp;B for £220 which was a bargain compared to similar options I'd looked at. Our room was on the top floor overlooking the garden and was spacious enough - although it did get very warm at night and we couldn't get the air con to go any cooler! Nicely decorated room, comfy bed and small bathroom with very powerful shower! I think I'd recommend getting a garden facing room on the first floor - these seem to be the more spacious, quieter and cooler rooms. The Wi-fi worked no problem.Breakfast is perfectly adequate and the service at the reception was excellent. They were very helpful and one member of staff even offered us his umbrella when we were going out to a restaurant one evening in the rain!It's really close to North Ealing station, and the trip to Oxford Circus (fairly central) takes about 45mins. We'd also recommend the little Italian restaurant round the corner (near the tube station) - massive portions and great service at a very reasonable price.All in all, a really good place to stay, we enjoyed being a little further out of London and will definitely be going back!	
Jun 7 2009 	Small classy hotel very comfortable	We stayed overnight here on a trip to the theatre. Easy to find by road, very straighforward route, off the M1 at the bottom turn right, keep going for approx 2 miles and at Hanger Lane roundabout turn left and the hotel is about a mile or so down here on the left. It is approx 1 min walk to the tube station where you can park for about £2 for 24hrs. There are 4 spaces outside the hotel, we managed to park there! The picadilly line goes straight through to covent garden and takes about 30 mins. The hotel is small but quite classy with modern decor. Our room was quite small but very adequate , flat screen tv on the wall, hospitality tray, safe, very comfortable bed, and although the shower room was small the power shower was great! Very friendly staff, and a very adequate continental breakfast. The garden was lovely, and as the weather was great we could eat outside - very peaceful. We obtained a room rate of £85 and overlooked the garden. We left our sat nav behind and the staff posted this back to us and kept in touch by e mail to inform us of postal arrangements. Altogether a very pleasant stay, and we would definitely return again if visiting the city, no complaints.	
May 29 2009 	cosy good convenient hotel	Stopped here one night after I located a £90 deal on Laterooms. It did the job. Only 4/5 car parking spaces - there is an NCP at the North Ealing tube station (£2.20/day). Picadilly line about 30 minutes to Picadilly Circus, but quite infrequent trains in the morning (could have walked 10 minutes to the central line though). Location for car was OK - right on the North Circular. If you're coming by car, you MUST approach from the north (A40, hangar lane gyratory) or you'll find it impossible to turn in. Room was v cosy indeed - not comfortable for anything other than sleeping - extremely minimal working space for business travellers. There was free wi-fi which was great since the Vodafone signal strength was zero. Overall rating - good, but not great for the business traveller.	
May 27 2009 	Great little place off the beaten track - worth it!	I loved this place - we stayed just one night for a romantic getaway even though I live in London. It was really nice to see a new area and compared to some the 'Top Secret Hotels' this place is much better.Rooms lovely (we were on the top floor so a little hot), some traffic noise from the main road but we slept through it and the restaurant was AMAZING.Great for £80 including breakfast and the staff were lovely too! Ver impressive overall, but not central London so watch out for the tube back if you want to go out (although the Central line does run right in so no changing needed)...my advice - book and enjoy!	
May 23 2009 	Comfort luxury and style for a reasonable price- perfect for romance.	My partner and I stayed here for two nights for our anniversary and were very pleasantly surprised. The rooms are modern, comfortable and decorated beautifully (the photos on the website are very accurate) with one of the comfiest beds we've stayed in. The bathroom had an excellent power shower, with enough cupboards, surfaces, drawers and wardrobe space for everything we brought.Cleanliness was to the highest standard throughout the hotel, with all fittings and decor looking brand new. We were impressed with extra touches like a small flat-screen tv, bottled water and a really powerful (and controllable) air-con system. The entire place had a very luxurious yet cozy feel, especially the Japanese restaurant downstairs and lounge which (although slightly pricey) has an enviably cool atmosphere. The garden was the perfect location for a romantic evening drink, despite the cold weather. We had booked a double street-facing room and were upgraded to a garden facing room for no cost, giving us a lovely view, with complete silence for the entire night.Some queries have been raised about the location, something that we had no problems with. It is a 2 minute walk to North Ealing Station (you can't miss it), and with only one change for places like Euston or Camden Town you can get to central London in 30 minutes or so. It's ideal for staying in London, without the hustle and bustle of the city when you're trying to sleep. There is a local pub, a takeaway, Indian Restaurant and newsagents all on the next road, with a mini-supermarket that stays open late if you need anything. We traveled to Camden on both days and found the trip to be pretty straightforward and better than other reviews had suggested. It's also very close to Wembley and Earls Court. We highly recommend the Italian restaurant that is a minutes walk away, it was intimate with excellent staff, very cheap and served the best Lasagne i've ever had.The only criticisms were trivial, such as no room service and a pretty lame hair-dryer, nothing that stopped us from having a brilliant time. I'm not sure if it's really ideal for families due to the sophisticated ambiance and the fact that at 20 we were the youngest guests. It is perfect for couples and ideal for friends or business if you want a treat.Overall, we found a modern hotel that for a reasonable price combines an air of luxury with a cozy atmosphere and personal touches. Not too far away to travel for night's out and sightseeing but far away enough for a secluded romantic getaway and to enjoy a quality London hotel without paying over £100 a night. We're booking for next year already!	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent small hotel good price for London	My wife and I stayed at Hotel 55 for 4 nights and then again for 2 nights (after taking a short trek to Wales). We wanted a more reasonably priced hotel with good proximity to a tube station and feel we got everything we wanted with Hotel 55. The rooms are very trendy and clean and very quiet (especially at the rear of the building). The free continental breakfast is quite good and filling enough. North Ealing tube station is just a quick 3 minute walk away; the only inconvenience is that it's not on the primary Piccadilly line from central London to Heathrow. This is only an issue when you're heading west - you have to wait for a train to Uxbridge (which tends to be a little less frequent). But for us, this was never a problem. The only caveat about this hotel is that some of the rooms are very small - primarily the four rooms that are furthest towards the back of the building. We had one of these on our first stay and there really wasn't much room to move around the bed. Our 2 large suitcases had to be stacked on top of the 'closet' unit to have some room (good thing I'm 6'4&quot; so I could lift them up there!). On our second stay, we had a bigger room that was much better (it was on the side of the building, not the back) and more comfortable. I'd easily stay here again, but I'd absolutely request the slightly bigger rooms if I'm not traveling alone.If you're driving here, like we did, there are 4 parking spaces out front, so that may or may not be a problem. A couple of pluses for the neighborhood: there's a couple of small markets and local restaurants within a 1 minute walk and even a launderette which was really convenient for us to do our laundry.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good Hotel - Handy Location	My girlfriend and I went to Wembley Arena for a concert recently and as she is pregnant we decided against a long and late journey home and instead looked for a hotel fairly close by. I chose Hotel 55 based on tripadvisor reviews and was very glad I did. The hotel had limited parking so we decided to take the train. The hotel was located a stones throw from North Ealing tube station which meant a fairly comfortable journey to the Arena particularly as you find yourself travelling in the opposite direction to the majority to the thousands of others who also travelled via rail. The hotel was clean and well designed and the staff were helpful. The room was small but adequate for the 1 night stay. Breakfast was included and was of good quality. Overall i was pleased with the stay and if I was to attend another concert or sporting event at Wembley I would look to use this hotel again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Fantastic staff and handy location	I stayed here for a weekend having driven down from Manchester. Access to the hotel is perfect - easily accessible from the A40 and easy to find on Hanger Lane. Parking wasn't a problem even though there were no spaces left at the hotel. We parked in North Ealing tube station (£1 for 24 hours!!) without a problem.The room was smallish but adequate and decor was lovely - the place was spotless. Bathroom was also really well thought out with a fantastic shower!! I was concerned that there would be road noise but I slept like a log with no noise whatsoever. Breakfast was continental with a good choice and really friendly, efficient staff. We didn't have dinner there or use the bar - Ealing is within walking distance with a wider selection of eateries and bars. A real find I think!!	
Feb 3 2009 	New London favourite...	Don't get me wrong, this place is not perfect but it does have some very good points that easily outweigh the bad ie. :-It's free parking - which in London is nigh on impossible to find. The downside is that there is only space for 4 cars and the hotel has 25 rooms. Get there early!The location is spot on too. A two minute walk to North Ealing tube station in a smart-ish area (so no scary walk back after a night out on the town!) and there are a few shops, restaurants and a pub in walking distance.The room is modern and well equipped (fridge, safe, TV, phone, hairdryer, tea/coffee, aircon/heater, free WIFI). The décor is smart and the bathroom and shower terrific.There is a nice garden area that would be a lovely place to have coffee in the morning (though it was snowing when went so we just had a quick stroll and then rushed back inside to get warm!)The reception staff are extremely pleasant and friendly.Ok, the negatives:The safe didn't work - I asked three times for it to be looked at but it remained inoperable.The breakfast service was slow and the food limited. On the second day, we waited 20 minutes for a table to be cleared – only to then be told to hurry as the breakfast period was about to finish! On the third day, there was no bread at breakfast - meaning the choice was limited to cold meats, cheese (both pointless without bread) and cereal.The room, although modern and pleasant, was on the small side and the bed 'sunk' into the middle.The WIFI signal was so weak as to be worthless - even sat right next to the router.Actually, thinking about it, the negatives are quite trivial and certainly didn’t put me off.One thing that did bother me though was the pricing. When I looked at the ‘usual’ places to book, the price was coming up at around £95 per night - but this was reduced to £85 when I emailed the hotel to ask for their ‘best rate’. Indeed, the reply I received assured me that this could not be lowered any further and I should confirm by email as the hotel’s own website booking facility was ‘down’. Out of interest, I checked their page and found that the booking facility seemed to have fixed itself – and was coming up at £75 a night!That aside, there is little to fault and I would certainly stay again when visiting London.Oh yes, nearly forgot, the bar is smart and modern but extortionately priced. There is a pub round the corner that’s about half the cost for drinks. The pub itself is part of a ‘chain’ doing ‘2 meals for £8’ kind of deals. Let’s just say the head chef and cellar manager won’t be headhunted any time soon.As for ‘proper food’ there is a Japanese restaurant in the hotel (Momo’s) but we didn’t eat there – preferring the little Italian opposite the tube station. Lovely food, service and ambience and the starter (tonno e faggio) and the maincourse (calzone) could have fed the entire hotel!	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel great location	My wife and I stayed there for a week while visiting London. The hotel was a 3 minute walk from the piccadilly line, with easy access to downtown and all of London's hot spots. The hotel staff was very friendly and they had a nice breakfast available every morning.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good value for the location	This was originally a large house, which has been successfully renovated into a nice comfortable hotel. They have made a real effort to keep some of the original features of the building, whilst installing a contemporary modern décor. They have managed this very successfully. The bedroom and bathroom was of a small to moderate size, however it was very clean and the room had some nice touches. The bed was very comfortable and a good size. The employees were lovely and very helpful. The breakfast was of a good quality but small in choice. The bar is expensive even by London standards. If you want to stay in this particular part of London you will not find a better hotel for anywhere close to the same price. It knocks the spots of the national chains of hotel, which are priced similar. I would definitely go back.	
Aug 31 2008 	Fantastic hotel highly recommended!	What a fabulous little hotel! I cannot fault it in any way. - it is very nicely decorated throughout- lovely garden, with decking and tables/chairs- all the staff are really helpful, friendly and efficient- the rooms are nicely presented with some great extras like a mini-fridge and a hairdryer- the beds are really comfortable - we slept really well both nights we stayed there- excellent continental breakfast included in the price - great choice and eat as much as you like- close to North Ealing tube station (just round the corner)- great pub also round the corner (The Greystoke) with very reasonably priced food (2 meals for £8), plus a few other nearby restaurants including an Italian and an Indian- about 10 mins from the town centre with some nice shops- just over an hour's walk to Wembley StadiumWe spent two nights there and would definitely go back if we ever go to London. We loved it and would highly recommend it.	
May 24 2008 	A deal at 89 pounds	A clean stylish hotel with a 24 hour bar and nice continental breakfast. It's less than 2 minutes walk to North Ealing Tube. Also convenient to Heathrow- its about 30 Minutes by tube on the Jubilee Line. We visited from California for the FA cup semi final and FA cup final. Both times we stayed at Hotel 55. We stayed up all night visiting with friends in the 24 hour bar. It's was a great base for events at Wembley as it is on the bus line direct from Wembley. I would definately stay here again!	
Apr 13 2008 	A very pleasant surprise	We stayed for 3 days in a double bedroom, the hotel is situated 3min from North Ealing station, 20 minutes from the city's center. The neighborhood seems a quite almost countryside place, there is a pub (&quot;the Greystoke&quot;) with great prices. The hotel has a garden and a lounge/bar (the guy at bar made us the best margharitas I ever had...). - the room was nice, clean, had its own shower and toilet in a separate room, plus a view of the hotel's garden. 3 nights booked at laterooms.com were at 270 pounds.- the staff was very friendly, we were even lent for free a UK to continent power adapter.-the price included a breakfast (choice of meat, cheese, fruit salad, orange juice etc.) One disadvantage was the poor acoustic insulation of the rooms, one could hear in the morning guests slamming doors, in the evening (faintly) someone's TV...	
Mar 27 2008 	London's Best Kept Secret	We stayed at Hotel 55 for our honeymoon in London. Yes, it was a tube ride of about 25 minutes to the city center, but the tube station was only 2 minutes from the hotel (we really didnt feel the time). It was beautiful, especially breakfast in the conservatory. The staff was friendly and helpful. I considered this a very trendy hotel, in a peaceful neighbourhood. The bath products were Molton Brown, which were very chic and upscale. The bedding was soft and welcoming . Our bedroom was on the second floor and overlooked the garden, it was small but perfect. I am going to stay there again on my next trip to visit the Queen.	
Feb 28 2008 	Perfect base for a trip to London	Me and my Boyfriend stayed here for New Year. It very easy to get to but limited parking. We were greeted at reception by a friendly guy who showed us to our room. When we got to the room it was very small so we asked to be moved. The receptionist gladly moved us to a much better room without any hassle. The deco is very modern and fresh. The rooms were very clean (which I'm very particular about!). The tube station is literally round the corner and took about 15mins to get into London. This hotel is great value for money, especially for London.Would recommend family and friends to stay here and would return in the future.	
Jan 25 2008	Very clean and right beside north ealing subway	was on a business trip so had a room to myself...the room was small but all i needed...very modern decor and the bathroom was really nice..breakfast was continental - but a very good selection..its location was ideal as i was workin in chiswick area near where the hotel was.. great access for LHR airport.	
Dec 31 2007 	clean	rooms are small but nice and spotless. if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in your room but want a clean place this s a great hotel to stay in.	
Dec 9 2007 	Above Expectations	We stayed at the Hotel 55 for several nights in late November. Our room faced the garden so it was away from the road noise. Although the rooms are tiny, the bathrooms are first rate, the beds and bedding are very good; however, there is not much storage for clothing. The location is far from the center but there are three tube stations within a 10 minute walk and a bus stops directly in front of the hotel. Considering the price of hotels in central London, the Hotel 55 was a bargin. In the immediate area of the hotel is a nice Italian restaurant and a neighborhood pub. The breakfast is more northern European than British, cereal, bread, meat, cheese and juice, it is served buffet style so the quanity and variety make for a filling breakfast. The staff was fine and accomodating when called upon. During warmer months, there is a fine garden just off the breakfast room. Parking, five spaces, is available at the front of the hotel.	
Nov 29 2007 	Expensive for an hotel with so many cons!	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in October. It’s far from the center but with an underground stop just 2 minutes away we are 30 minutes away from the main attractions. The neighbourhood is nice but the road in front of the hotel is quite noisy. Upon arrival we were given a smoking room that smelled terribly and had views to a wall just one meter away from the window. During the night we could hear a very disturbing noise every eight minutes… yes, I timed it because the smell and the noisy didn’t let me sleep! In the morning, I asked to be changed to another room which was more pleasant but extremely tiny - we could hardly pass between the bed and the wall. Also, wireless Internet didn’t work in that room so I had to go to the hallway or to the restaurant to download emails and use the Internet. The design of the hotel is nice, although not spectacular as some of the reviews say, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We exchanged several emails before the stay and they were all answered quite promptly. Breakfast was fine but tables are very uncomfortable. It seems like we are having a picnic instead of a meal in a restaurant. So, the restaurant is nice if you don’t plan to eat… Nevertheless, the garden and beer garden are beautiful and quiet. I wish we could have enjoyed it more.	
Nov 1 2007 	Smoky hotel is not designed for comfort	I have to stay that I am very disappointed with the hotel, I expected so much from the reviews and it just did not deliver. When we checked in we were placed in room 3, which was tiny, stank of smoke, had the light fitting with live wires hanging off from the ceiling and 3 lights were out. The room had no natural daylight and overlooked a wall. When i informed reception the receptionist proceeded to try and fix it by placing his hand inside with the live wires. Eventually he gave up and moved us to the disabled room at the front of the hotel which was noisy from the traffic and reception but better then the box room. Again the room was missing the attention to detail, no conditioner or body lotion, no iron or ironing, only 1 pillow each no spares, the kettle did not work, no place to hang wet towels, the sink was to close to the toilet, no manual for the hotel. Breakfast was nice but would be better with the option of a cooked breakfast. This hotel has a lot of problem mainly the smell of cigarette smoke that a new hotel should not. it is pleasing to the idea but is not built for comfort.	
Oct 11 2007 	Wonderful stay	From Sydney AustraliaWe stayed at Hotel 55 for a total of 9 nights over a period of two and a half weeks. We had 3 different rooms and couldnt fault any of them. Our first room was at the front of the hotel on the busy main road and didnt find that a problem at all. Continental breakfast was excellent and ample, we certainly had our fill. The staff was helpful and friendly. Heard others say that the hotel was out of the way but we found that transport and anything else we wanted was practically on our doorstep. Sure you had to change trains to get to North Ealing Station but the hotel is only around the corner. Central London didnt take any time at all to get to. Buses run from outside the hotel to pretty well near everywhere. Ealing Broadway is only 5min ride with some pretty good shopping. We would certainly recommend the hotel and we would stay there again.Thanks to all for a wonderful stay.	
Sep 20 2007 	Beautiful but far away.	Hotel 55 is a charming little hotel that seems like it’s in the middle of nowhere. To get there, you need to take a 30-minute ride to North Ealing from central London, on a train that doesn’t seem to come along very often. But if you want to be in west London or don’t mind the travel, Hotel 55 is a great place to stay. Our room was spotless and very well-designed – with deep brown furnishings and a soft white bed – but a little smaller than we thought it would be. It had a good shower, and the Molton Brown products were a nice surprise. The hotel also has a nice conservatory and garden, along with free parking, free wifi and a 24 hour bar. Breakfast was excellent , a huge spread of breads, cold cuts, cheeses, juices and cereal - all neatly packaged and laid out in the conservatory. The staff was very helpful – the manager even let us use his personal laptop to access the internet. Hotel 55 is just like a boutique hotel, but slightly cheaper (we paid 80 pounds a night for a double room) and a little out of the way.	
Jul 31 2007 	Would stay again.	We picked this hotel as it is close to my daughters home and we were having a family party. The website pictures and the positive reviews on here helped to make our minds up and we were not disappointed. The hotel is in a strange location, straight off the very busy Hanger Lane Road which is very busy at all times but once inside you could forget the fact you are in noisy London. There are 2 tube stops nearby both get you into central London in about 20-30 minutes. The decor is very calming and the finish appears to be very good. The rooms are a bit small but the very comfortable mattress and pillows gave us 2 very good nights sleep. The air con was efficient and quiet. The bathroom was small but again the power shower and complimentary moulton brown toiletries were very welcome. The staff were helpful. Breakfast was better than I expected, good choice of fruit, yogurts, meat, cheese, cereals etc. The garden and outside seating area were very clean and well laid out and if the weather had been kinder we would have sat out. I would have no hesitation in staying again and would recommend this hotel if you need to be in this part of London.	
Jul 11 2007 	Good value and clean	Stayed for 6 days than 4 days in a double room on the top floor.The hotel website pictures accurately reflect the hotel decor. The bathroom was small but perfectly clean, with Molton Brown products.Room would have been small for 2 people for the length of time I stayed.The garden would have been nice for an evening drink if the sun had been out! (£5.65 for a glass of nicely chilled rose wine).Wifi access is free but restricted to the ground floor bar and dining areas (well I couldn't detect it on the 2nd floor).Room for 4 cars on the hotel carpark, however, there is ample free overnight street parking around the corner. And the tube station is only 200 yards away. All in all perfectly acceptable, and I would stay again.	
Jun 23 2007 	Strange location but fab hotel	You don't expect to find a hotel gem on the North Circular in West Acton but Hotel 55 turned out to be a stunning surprise for us. We booked in for one night to go to the theatre - only 30 mins on the tube to the West End on the central line. Efficient and polite receptionist. Clean, but trendy, room with an extremely comfortable bed - lovely, pristine white sheets and pillows. In addition, the shower was powerful and roomy with gorgeous Molton Brown goodies. Breakfast was served in a minimalist, tranquil garden and rounded off a perfect stay. Highly recommended.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Little Hotel	We stayed at Hotel 55 for one night on 16 June. On arrival we managed to bag one of the free parking spaces located at the front of the hotel, there are only 4 spaces available so we were very lucky.Check-in was very easy and straightforward and we were given room 204 on the top floor. The room was a good size with a comfortable double bed, wardrobe, easy chair, flat screen tv, safe, tea &amp; coffee facilities and airconditioning. We had a view of the large well-kept garden at the rear of the hotel. The ensuite was lovely, very contemporary with a large power shower. Molton Brown toiletries were a nice touch. The room was very quiet due to it being at the back of the building, away from the road.The hotel's main eating area is great, with a bar and separate lounge area. Breakfast is continental only (no full english) but it was very nice with a good selection of food, cereals, fruit etc.The train station is literally a 2 minute walk around the corner of the hotel, and there's a selection of little shops plus a pub which does food in the same vicinity.Our stay was to visit a concert at Wembley Stadium. The hotel is approx. 3.5 miles away. We had taxi to get us to the stadium which cost £13 (the hotel reception arranged this for us), and we walked back afterwards, which was quite a trek and took about an hour!We would definately stay at this hotel again for both visiting Wembley and visiting Central London (20 minutes away). A lovely hotel with very helpful staff.	
Apr 11 2007 	Rooms not ready on arrival too far off extremely noisy during nighttime!	We stayed at Hotel 55 for one weekend (two nights). We arrived at about 4 p.m. on our first day. The lady at the reception was quite friendly and handed us our keys. However, we were very surprised when we first got into our rooms. They were both not cleaned!! So we had to wait for about another 20 minutes for the rooms to be cleaned. Secondly it takes about 40 minutes to get from the city center to the hotel. That is why we expected it to be in a calm area. However, our two rooms were facing a very busy street so we could not sleep at all. Also the staff at the hotel-bar was unfriendly. All in all this hotel was too expensive keeping in mind the service, the noise and also the location. We would not stay there again!	
Mar 22 2007	Great value for the money	This hotel was completely renovated 9 month ago so everything seems brand new. I'll try not to duplicate the posts before me because they were all accurate. Free internet access was important as I needed to book show tickets and such. Some hotels charge up to 14 quid per 24 hour period for this. There is a laundry with bundle service, two small grocery stores and a great pub(Greystoke?) less than a block away. The phones are VOIP and it only cost .15 per minute to call back to the US. That was cheaper than my mobile phone. Some rooms are larger than others so if room size is important then check the floor plan. We chose a garden facing room (less noise) but they are smaller.	
Mar 5 2007 	Lovely boutique hotel 	Stayed here for three nights, its a lovely hotel, clean and chic with comfortable beds and great shower, the staff are very friendly, we asked to change rooms because our shower was cold and we had a room on the busy main road and the traffic noise kept us awake, but they moved us to a room at the rear with no problem. Only a 2 minute walk from north ealing station and about 25 minutes into central London. There is a lovely italian restaurant near the station called Vila Toscana, the food is excellent.	
Dec 8 2006 	Very Nice Small Hotel	Stayed here for three nights for our wedding anniversary. Enjoyed our stay here very much. Our room overlooked the garden and was lovely, although quite small. Everywhere is very clean and well maintained. The decor is superb and very tasteful. The bed was fantastic, so comfortable with huge soft pillows and a magnificent duvet. Breakfast was continental and ample. The dining room and bar are very stylish, the only gripe i had about the place was the bar prices, i know its London but these were expensive.A special mention must go to the staff who were superb, nothing was to much trouble and because it was a small it seemed more personel. The tube station was 2 minutes walk round the corner and about half an hour to central london. Highly Recommended.	
Nov 29 2006 	Great Hotel!	What a place to stay, Really clean, wonderful friendly staff, and the rooms are out of this world.. Lacking slightly in TV Channel selection, but if you don't stay in, you won't notice. Just booking another stay, as its in a great location and has the right facilities I need (free car park &amp; free wifi!)	
Nov 13 2006	Good value stylish and convenient	On Hangar Lane, just round the corner from North Ealing tube (Piccadilly line) so convenient for getting into central London. It's a fairly nondescript house on a very busy road, but once you get inside everything has been furnished with good- though just slightly OTT- tasted and is quiet, restful and clean. Staff were pleasant and helpful all through our stay.Our room on the first floor was small but well decorated: flat screen TV, great power shower, fridge, welcoming bottles of still and sparkling water.24 hour service meant we could have a beer after getting back from our Wembley concert (no. 83 bus takes you virtually door to door in about half an hour) and the continental breakfast was fresh and tasty the next morning. At £75 for the room and breakfast this was great value.	
Nov 9 2006 	Fantastic value and amazingly stylish	I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on business. Great staff, excellent rooms, Philip Stark eat your heart out!!. The owners have done an excellent job at making the hotel staying experience more than just a cheap room. This is a 5 star experience for 3 star prices. Will come again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Excellent Getaway Hotel	My partner and I stayed in Oct based on it's location and reviews from Trip Advisor. We weren't disappointed at all. It is a very stylish, cosy hotel with great staff. We needed somewhere not far from London and close enough to Gatwick and we really wanted parking as I had a lot of stuff in the car that I was going to leave overnight. Parking is free which is also a bonus. Only a short walk to Ealing Broadway which has great restaurants and shops. The tube station is literally a minute's walk away not that you would know it. We went to the hotel website direct which had the cheapest rate of 75 pounds. With brekkie included this is a real bargain. The beds are comfortable but business kingsize literally means double or maybe queen. The rooms are small but everything has been cleverly decorated using space saving furniture. Our room overlooked the back garden which was beautiful. If we had stayed in summer it would've great to sit out on the decking...maybe next time	
Oct 22 2006	beautiful hotel friendly staff	Me and my boyfriend went to London in Septembre 2006.  About Hotel 55:+: stylish lounge room, great breakfast in a beautiful room, comfortable bed, power shower, very friendly staff (they really do everything to help you), ...-: the trip to central London takes you about half an hour by underground, the hotel is situated very close to a station though.  If you go to London and you stay in Hotel 55, you won't be disappointed!	
Oct 6 2006 	I entirely agree....	I entirely agree with the other TA member. Excellent value small hotel with the emphasis on comfort and style. Since it is situated on busy Hanger Lane it might be wise to ask for a room at the rear, but we slept well in our room at the front directly above the front door.The upside of the location is that it is a very short distance from the tube station on the Picadilly line and is very easy to find. Limited (free) parking at the front. A quiet, leafy and safe neighbourhood.Helpful and well-informed staff, good (continental) breakfast in a lovely room, beautiful and large garden, super-comfy beds, power shower. What more is there to say?	
Aug 15 2006 	Good stylish clean hotel	We were visiting London for a concert at Wembley and found hotel 55 on lastminute---, as it is situated roughly between the West-end and Wembley. The train station (North Ealing) is just round the corner where the picadilly line takes you north towards Wembley or into central London. The hotel itself was £75 per night for my partner and me including continental breakfast (they don't do full english). The building is newly renovated to a high standard. It is a large Victorian (I think!) building with many original features still, such as stair case and stained glass windows. The large conservatory, bar and gardens are stunning and a pleasure to spend time in. The staff were freindly, approachable and polite and we would definately stay here again, especially for wembley.	
Aug 2 2009 	Pulito moderno molto carino		
Dec 19 2008 	Superbe hôtel dans coin tranquille juste un peu loin du centre		
