Oct 9 2009 	Overpriced mediocre food and lazy service	We tried the York and Albany for Sunday lunch on the strength of loving &quot;Murano&quot;. What a disappointment! Considering it was a set menu, you would think the food would be good. But no. It was awful - the salad starter was tasteless and minimal, the lamb raw, the ratatuille so oniony it was more like salsa, and the bread and butter pudding lukewarm on the outside and cold in the middle. We were seated next to the entrance to the lavatories and the service was very poor for an establishment of this type, and at these PRICES. Despite having plenty of room to circle the table, the waiter just stretched across us to put down/pick up things. As for being polite and helpful - dream on! This place may be okay for a drink, but we would not touch it again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Gordon Ramsay restaurant	We had a great experience at Gordon's Regent's Park adjacent restaurant. Although fairly empty at 7:30 mid-week, it filled up very quickly. The menu is small but we found the best option in the cote de boeuf for 2 which was amazing. It is served beautifully, on a large wooden board, beef perfectly cooked and cut with the side dishes also placed on the board. Wine list was good and our waitress was knowledgeable enough to help us choose. We were underwhelmed by the dessert options but were too full anyhow.On our way out, we glanced over at the gorgeous bar area and were then drawn to it for another drink. The bartender was so great and really into his job so he expertly made me a cocktail off the menu and made the most precise 'old fashioned' for my hubby. It was a perfect post-dinner experience. Can't wait to go back next time we are in London.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent service and great location	We stayed at Y&amp;A in September for our wedding and they couldn't do enough for us. From the moment we checked in we were made to feel very special and everyone in the hotel knew us by name and were very friendly. Our room was amazing and very spacious. One downside is that it overlooked the main road and there was a lot of noise from traffic and people returning from late nights out. Nothing a pair of ear plugs couldn't resolve though! From the way that the rooms are decorated, you get the feeling that you're a guest in someone's home - lots of antiques and pictures, lovely attention to detail. The bed is probably the most comfortable hotel bed I have stayed in, with egyptian cotton sheets.The location is lovely, right opposite Regent's Park, which is great for a stroll and picnic if the weather is nice. You're just a short stroll from Camden Town tube station and lots of bars and restaurants in Camden if you're looking for a night out. Food at York&amp;Albany is amazing and I'd recommend you make sure you have breakfast and dinner there at least once during your stay!	
Sep 11 2009 	Could Improve On Service	We had booked Sunday lunch for ourselves and two friends we were meeting in London. The greeting service was mediocre, we waiting a long time to be seated (we had booked about three weeks before). The food was excellent, we all had three courses, the only thing I could fault was the plate of cheese and biscuits, very meagre portion, and nothing about it looked attractive. The main problem was with our server, she was miserable, slow, and didn't seem to have a clue about taking food orders. We were not checked on any of our courses, and although the food was really good, the service definitely let the restaurant down. Not sure if I would go back.	
Apr 20 2009 	Terrible service!	We had lunch here on Sunday 19th April and were greeted by a very forgetfull and arrogant bar staff, he askes our name 4 times! We had to place our drinks order twice because the waiter(s) was fooling around and cleaning the menu's..? (surely this should be done outside opening hours) also there was an array of dirty glasses on the bar in front of us or the whole time we sat there (30 mins.) even though two bar staff looked and them and looked away constantly! It was not busy at this point so no excuse.We eventually went looking for our table ourselves after having asked twice if it was ready and other guests were being seated, our waiter really is totally incompetent to work there.Out table turned out to be in the darkest far away spot you could imagine and we were told that no other alternative was available and that we should have requested a table upstairs. Having never been there before how were we to know this?After some persuasion and 3 members of staff later we finally were given another table and the Maitre'd gave us some complimentary drinks, she was very nice in explaining the situation however it still spoilt the mood of the day.	
Feb 16 2009 	Lovely atmosphere very very varied service - not sure if worth the ££££	York and Albany promises quality, atmosphere and of course, fantastic food......being under the wing of Angela Hartnett in the Ramsay collection. Well......When you arrive at York and Albany, don't be disappointed, it's not a 'pretty' setting, particularly next to the tyre shop! It's also appallingly signed, particularly for hotel guests, you really have to take a guess at how to get in.........However, when you pass through the door, class and elegance hit you in the face, the decor is beautiful, stunning victorian refurbishment, mixed with ultra modern fittings. When you find the hotel check in desk, it is intimate and the staff particularly attentive - I was very impressed. The room....I booked the four poster deluxe double that is featured in the images on the website....it is stunning - beautiful antique furniture, stunning high ceilings, what's missing is the fire to give it the cosy finish and to be honest, the settee is a little 'shoved' in at the end of the bed. The bathroom is a little clinical, but is full of quirky features, but with the original windows is particularly draughty!! A lovely glass of champers on arrival was particularly welcome as I settled in, but alas, to no avail, whatever myself and the 'concierge' tried, we couldn't get our satellite TV to work - when we had booked the York and Albany 6 months before for a romantic laze away weekend, this was of particularly annoyance as we wanted to laze in bed and chill, read and watch TV, not go out and sightsee. Luckily there was another room available in the same category and after a quick look, we arranged to move. This one was much less traditional, but still as luxurious and had a bigger bed.........Lovely!! The Restaurant on valentines evening, was of course busy. The service though - BEWARE, is appalling. We were seated at 20:30 in time, but were not given a menu, or asked if we would like a drink for around 20 minutes. NOT what you expect from the reputation of Angela Hartnett and Ramsays. The food, was particularly good, the wine choice was also really satisfactory. Again though - despite liking the length of time to sit and eat for a valentines dinner (we ended up leaving at around 2330 - 3 hours later!), it was the attention to detail and the atmosphere that lacked from our less than interested waiter. Luckily for us, the company was great and we weren't in a hurry, but it wasn't necessarily that, it was the lack of interest as I say. Hence when checking out we refused to pay the 12.5% service - £25 quid in all for lacklustre service is just not on. The building inside is beautiful, the bar area surprisingly relaxed and not full of pretence. The food seriously good, and the deli offers lots of options adjacent! All in all a lovely, romantic weekend, but not quite up to the price tag is our verdict! Angela still has a lot to overlook if it's going to stay as busy as it currently is in its' early days........	
Jan 31 2009 	Stylish Boutique Hotel in Perfect Location	The rooms in the hotel are gorgeous--traditional decor with modern touches. The bed is huge and we loved the wetroom in the bathroom. The hotel is attached to a great bar with amazing cocktails and a Gordon Ramsey resto. They offered us a table when we checked in which is impossible to get at the last minute on a Friday night. The location is excellent as well--just a two minute walk to Regents Park, Camden and Primrose Hill. A brief walk through Regents Park takes you into the city centre. My only complaint was that the bathroom didn't have a bathtub (room 8).	
Dec 14 2008 	Brilliant	Decided to stay in this, the first Gordon Ramsay hotel on a trip to London that was part business and part fun.The building is an old London pub with a newish Hotel attached. Just 10 rooms and on a busy junction near Regents Park Zoo. Camden Town tube is about 300m away and buses pass just outside. It's a 10 minute / £8 taxi ride to Oxford Street.Our room was the second grade up and was fantastic. Old heavy wooden furniture and the largest bed we have slept in with immaculate linens, a wonderful wet room bathroom and real style. Everything is immaculately chosen, stylish, comfortable and luxurious.We were right on the third floor right on the front of the building overlooking the junction but noise levels were fine. Unfortunately the lift was temporarily broken (teething troubles they say) but everything else was absolutely amazing.Breakfast is extra (with a very wide range from £12 for full English or £6 for porridge) and can be taken downstairs in the restaurant. There is also room service.If you want to dine there are 3 options. In the cocktail bar downstairs there are relaxed low tables and chairs ideal for grazing. Towards the rear there is a very modern and stylish restaurant with huge windows looking onto the patio. Then in the basement is another restauarant all red and black and with the open kitchen, warm and relaxed. In each case the styles are are brilliantly done.....as is the food. This is Angela Hartnett's baby and it shows. We ate there 3 times in 2 days and it was fantastic and great value for the quality of food. Starters begin around £6 and mains £10 to £18 but its a very flexible menu. They have a great value set lunch - 3 courses for £25. There is a separate drinks menu. The wine list runs from about £12 to over £100 / bottle and there are lots of great cocktails to sample. Prices are reasonable for central LondonBut what made this place so brilliant for us was the staff. I have stayed in London on business for over 100 nights / year for the last 3 years and have never seen staff so good, open, friendly, knowledgeable and committed. It starts in the hotel reception and runs through the bar and waiting staff. Smooth and efficient and I lost count of how many knew our names. Ask about the food or wine and they know the answers or if they dont they say so and find out! You get the impression that they are trained committed and want to work there.Quite simply this place bowled us over. It is not cheap but then its not expensive either. For the same price you can stay in a corporate box or in this beautifully run, fantastic pub with great food on tap and marvellous staff. Angela Hartnett and her team have done a stunning job here.	
