Apr 30 2009 	I don't understand why people give this hotel 3 or 4 stars	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel the other day (April).- the rooms are dirty- the decor is very run down and scuffed- There were loads of human hairs in my blanket - I had to use the blanket as there was not heating in the evening in the room and it was freezing!- The TV reception is appaling and every station is fuzzy (I had two rooms because of this and can confirm that it is not isolated to just one room)- there is no kettle or tea/sugar in teh rooms at all. you can hire a kettle but then you have to go out and buy your own coffee. Even a £20 B&amp;B in the UK has this.I can forgive most things for a London hotel room at £70 per night but the above are all basic essentials and this is therefore unforgivable.AVOID AVOID AVOID	
Apr 14 2009 	Overpriced not well maintained and outdated	The only positive thing about this hotel was its location. It is very close to Earls court tube station in a nice area which connects directly to Tower Bridge, Heathrow Airport, and other important tourist places. I stayed in an ensuite double room (£80 per night) which was were very small and looked cheap. Duvet cover was cheap and dirty and the bathroom was very small. It is certainly not recommended for couples. I would advice it is worth exploring a better place outside Zone 1 at the same price.	
Apr 13 2009 	Efficient and Simpaty	Hi,We are 5 (Mário, Vanda, Barbara, Laura and Paula) from Portugal and we stay for 3 days in Mowbray. The staff are excelent and very helpful. The room and the batkroom very clean and pleasant and the locations of the hotel it's perfect to visit London by tube.Tks	
Apr 7 2009 	Cheap and cheerful – expect no luxury	I stayed in the Mowbray Court for a few nights last summer. I was looking for a budget hotel in Earls court area and chose is after a Google search. The hotel is a basic budget hotel and would suit backpackers, budget tourists &amp; younger people interested in nightlife. It may not suit families with young children, business travellers or older people. (1) The hotel was clean- I often saw cleaners at work(2) The rooms were very small. The en suite toile very small. Both clean.(3) The stairs are steep and creaky, especially the stairs down to the basement breakfast room. They would be difficult to manage for a elderly person. There is a working lift.(4) Breakfast was very basic, cardboard like muesli, croissant, toast, and budget priced cheese and potted meat. The breakfast room which was in the basement was very large but if you arrive between 8.30-9.00 you may not get a seat.(5) The staff were always polite and helpful, especially Peter. There was someone at reception at whatever hour I arrived.The main problem is that it is very noisy at the back of the hotel which is very close to the Earls Court tube station. Trains start at 6am!! Do not expect to get any sleep after this time if your room is at the back of hotel.In short this is a basic budget hotel in a safe area with a great nightlife. If you are looking for luxury try somewhere else. Because of the noise from the tune station I will not stay here again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Oh My God - Dont Bother	Firstly I need to point out that I have wrote reviews on this website before and I am always honest and I have never had to write a bad review, that’s going to change.Cost:For a twin room it was £85 per night, good price for the location.However for an extra £10 you can stay in a modern and classy hotel 10 mins away. It is way over priced, search for other hotels in this budget.Location:Location is the only positive thing about the hotel, that said 10 mins away are better hotels with better facilities.Deco:The hotel was out dated, it has not had any improvements since 1985. The room was very very basic, 2 x camping beds, a broken Tv and a wardrobe that wouldn’t open. Plus there are 2 entrances to this hotel, its just strange.Clean:The hotel reception desk is not that bad if I am honest however with the dated deco and the pitiful sizes of room it would be easy to hide the dirt. The room was clean(ish), the bathroom was horrible, the toilet had not been cleaned since the last occupants which was very nice as they left a little gift. I do not expect this especially when we checked in at 6pm. The bathroom was small, cold, mouldy, broken and dangerous tiles with poor water pressure.Staff:2 words, freaky and weird.Seriously you may be thinking that I am being unfair, but people im not. For the British guest think of the Rik Mayel Film Guest House Paridiseo . .SIMPLY HORRIBLE	
May 17 2008 	Convenient friendly and hassle-free	I stayed at this hotel for seven nights on my recent visit to London. It was my second stay at this hotel, the first being in November 2006. London is such a big city and hotels are generally very expensive, so I decided to book the same again because my first experience was good. Mowbray Court Hotel is literally around the corner from Earl's Court tube station, which is a really convenient location as the station is served by a few lines, making it super easy to get to various parts of London. If you're not afraid of walking, Kensington and Notting Hill are not that far either. Earl's Court Rd has quite a few restaurants, a Boots pharmacy and supermarkets, and there's also a cheap internet cafe right across the road from the station.The hotel is a bit shabby but everything is clean and the staff are so friendly, it's a nice place to stay. For one person, the room was very comfortable in size, although the shower is quite small. Breakfast was included in my rate and the selection of cereals, fruit, cheese/ham/tomato and toast/delicious croissants was nice and a great way to fill up before a day of sightseeing. This hotel isn't going to win any awards for presentation but it's a reliable, affordable option in an expensive part of the world.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Location	Mowbray Court is located about 1/2 block away from the Earls Court Underground Station. The neighborhood is safe and there are several pubs right by the Underground. The room we stayed in was adequate. It was quite plain and resembled a dorm room a bit but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean. The desk staff was VERY helpful and friendly.	
Mar 19 2008 	Cheap Cheerful and Clean	Myself and 4 of my friends went to London for St Patricks weekend this year. We were looking for a cheap and clean hotel near a tube stop and The Mowbray Court Hotel was exactly this. The rooms were clean and spacious (even though there was 5 single beds in it). Breakfast was basic but nice. The shower did not work proberly but once the management were notified the problem was resolved. The hotel was 2 mins walk from the tube station. (Earls Court)I would recommond this hotel to anyone staying in London for a short period of time and on a limited budget.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good hotel but.....	Hi I would like to tell u that the hotel is good to stay in for short while. We were in the other block so we have to get out every morning to take breakfast. In that block there is no lift and we were on the upper level: the forth storey. We were booked a quad room and we hadn't so one of us had to sleep alone. Over all we have to share the bathroom with other persons of the same storey.But the staff is very ok and the hotel is very clean..Thank you I would come again if I am going to stay in London for short while.From Malta.	
Dec 31 2007	A Welcome Oasis	Our first trip to London and we spent the first six nights in a very sad 4th floor walk-up near King's Cross. But we survived and after a side trip to Bath and York came back to London to the Mowbray. What a contrast-and a few $ cheaper. We were welcomed by the staff, given a delightful and roomy room and served a nice breakfast each morning (in contrast to our rice krispies, white toast and canned fruit for 6 mornings--ugh!). How we wish we had stayed at the Mowbray first. But both were rated the same, had a very similar price and were very close to the Underground. We would love to bestow another star on the Mowbray based on our visit.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great staff decent value for money	The best thing about this hotel is the staff. They were wonderful throughout our stay giving us great advice and helping us with any issues we had. My friend and I booked a room with a double bed. We had to share the bathroom down the hall with other rooms (which neither of us were too fond of), but it was kept clean and our schedules rarely conflicted with those in the other rooms. We were pleasantly surprised that our room had a balcony. It turned out to be a great place to people-watch, smoke and to keep our drinks cold ;-) All in all, I think that anyone on a limited budget would be happy staying at the Mowbray.	
Nov 28 2007 	mixed feelings	the hotel is reasonably priced considering its in london, and in zone 1, right by the earls court tube station. my room had breakfast included but i never woke up early enough to have it so i wont comment on that.... the staff were average, not going out of your way to make your stay comfortable, but i cant fault them either. the rooms were generally clean although the TV and radio both look like they came out of the 70s....my biggest gripe about this place would be the fact that their sink is tiny! its such a huge inconvenience that i can only imagine most establishments take for granted. it was hardly big enough for both my hands to fit to get water for my face. now, i am not a big girl at all (im of average asian size) so i found it ridiculous that i couldnt do something as basic as face washing, in a pleasant way. there is some noise that filters through from the street but the upside of this is that the location is good all around as you dont have to walk very far to anywhere....	
Jul 30 2007 	Good for price	Clean, comfortable, receptionist staff knowledgable on services, good location, good breakfast., quiet. We had an en-suite room.	
Jul 10 2007 	Ok for the price	I visited the Mowbray in the beginning of July. First I had a small room at the front, then my sister came and we shared a twin room (turned out to be a three-bed room) at the back of the hotel for a couple of nights. Both rooms were clean and the service was good. The room at the front was a bit noisy ( from the street) but that was no problem with the other room (facing against the Earl’s C station). We could even sleep with the window open all night without getting disturbed!The breakfast was above average I have been served on an English hotel. Different kind of cereals, tea/coffee, toasts and fresh fruit. Of course it was not an proper English breakfast but most foreigners don’t want that anyway. One morning the shower ran out of hot water though.The staff was very helpful and friendly. And the short walk to the Underground station, and the area around Earl’s Court (with lots of small restaurants, pubs and local food stores) are great! As I don’t want to spend too much money on my accommodation I think Mowbray is a good hotel for that price, and the next time I visit London I might stay there again!	
Jun 21 2007	At least I didn't pay for it	My colleagues and I were placed here on a business trip, so we had no say in where we stayed. As we were working and not tourists, it was not the ideal place to stay. The time we spent there that week, the hotel seemed to be occupied by noisy Italian and American backpackers; which would not have been too much of a problem if the walls were not paper thin. Having to get up at 5am every morning for work was difficult after only 2 hours sleep. The rooms were very basic, but clean. We only had a wash basin in the room. (not all rooms are en suite) and the communal bathroom was not particularly attractive. My colleague's room door did not open fully due to the bed being in the way and in my other colleague's room, none of 3 of the electrical sockets were working. One evening the lights did not work in our rooms, but then came back on at approximately 1am. To which there was no explaination.The windows in the room were single glazed-which is not ideal for busy central London which creates a lot of noise- mostly from low flying planes into Heathrow (every 20 seconds), as well as the usual traffic and Tube noises.Our company paid for bed and breakfast, however, breakfast was not served until 7.30am which we found to be too late for our needs. And the one day I took breakfast there, I found it to be simple and a bit strange. It was the first time I had ever seen sliced tomatoes as a breakfast dish.The staff were helpful and polite although resturaunt staff do not always speak english. One of the reception staff was especially helpful and had a good sense of humour referring to our rooms as the &quot;prison cell&quot; and &quot;honeymoon suites&quot; respectively. He was not joking in the scheme of things. We were there on a business trip which was not being paid for by ourselves, so I am not sure if he would have used this same humour on actual tourists. It was very well located close to the tube station and lots of food outlets. It was good it was paid for by my company, because I would have been very dissapointed if I had been a tourist and paid £50 per night for it myself.	
Mar 26 2007 	Musty Fusty And Dusty - Don't Bother !	wE STAYED in March - and certainly could have done better. The rooms were musty and dusty - and VERY overpriced - and we suffered noise from the train station closeby. Above all we were approached by runners at the local station who told us how great the place was and almost pulled us there. Beware ! - any place which needs to use the services of runners - begs the question why? The staff were friendly - but that's about all.	
Mar 21 2007	Grand for short stays	This is a grand hotel, very close to tube station. It is typical of most london hotels in an average persons price range. Yes it does need some cosmetic work done, but overall, very clean, very friendly and helpful, and very central. The breakfast is not great, even by continental breakfast standards, but its closeness to Earls Court tube station more than made up for this. You could be in central london in ten mins.Would reccommend for short stays only, as more comfort would be needed for a longer stay.	
Feb 23 2007 	VERY basic accommodation	We stayed here for 2 nights in early November in a room with 6 beds. The room was very cold, and when we called the front desk we were told that the heating wouldn't be turned on until the everning. The beds were cots, and the mattresses were very worn out, and the springs felt pokey. In addition, the hotel was very noisy due to being close to the underground. The ensuite bathroom was little more than a tiny little cell, about the size of a shower cabin. The breakfast was adequate, and yes, the staff were VERY friendly and helpful, and it was relatively inexpensive.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great Location Friendly staff Great Price	We are 3 girls from Cork in Ireland and we stayed here from 26-29 Nov. We had travelled for the george Michael concert (which was excellent by the way), and chose this because it was excellent value and it was located in Earls court. Little did we know how close it actually it was to the venue, less than a minute around the corner, and same distance from tube.The staff were excellent, and very friendly. Continental breakfast was included. the rooms may not be like 5* hotels, but neither are you paying outrageous prices. In all the times we have stayed in london, and we travel a few times a year for shopping and gigs, have we come across nicer staff.Anyone travelling on a budget should stay here, and if one is going to a gig in Earls court, it is ideal.To all the staff, thanks, we will be back.Anyone who likes their beds turned down etc, dont bother, pay the high prices elsewhere.Regards,Angela, Deirdre and Litlle Niamh of Holy God.	
Nov 27 2006 	Fairly good B	This was my 1st time travelling to UK. We stayed there on our 1st night arrival in London.We took the underground from Heathrow Airport to Earl's Court. The location of the B&amp;B is around 5 mins from the underground station. It is quite convenient and easy to get to.There are two different building, one is older and the other is relatively new. The reception area located in the new building and our rooms are in the older one.The reception is very nice to us, informative and helpful. A nice guy anyway.We stayed in en-suite rooms at the 2nd floor, we have 6 people in total, staying in 2 different rooms. The environment of the two rooms are quite distinctive. Both included 1 double bed and 1 single bed. However, one of the room is very small, just enough to place the beds and no more spaces left. The bathroom is small as well. The other is better, the room is bigger and the bathroom includes a bath as well. But we satisified with these anyway.The breakfast is good. Toast, Coaissant, ham and cheese, fresh tomatos and fruit, milk, cereal, tea and coffee, etc. A nice breakfast before we check-out.	
May 30 2006	For the budget traveler or those never in their room.	THE HOTEL: An old Victorian era rowhouse amongst many others that have been comverted to hotels or B&amp;Bs. The place shows its age and is in need of updating (which I was told was underway).THE ROOM: I stayed in room 15 (?), which is located right next to the front door -- what a fun mistake: On our first night, we were serenaded by a drunk opera singer standing near the front steps (at 2am in the morning) and kept awake by four people talking loudly in Craotian leaving the hotel at 4am a couple of days later. I can't fault the hotel fully, but they could have asked the guests to hold it down.COMFORT: Do not expect much here, you get a bed, a small TV, an old chest of drawers and the very basics of a bathroom (if you get an ensuite room). The bed was comfy enough, but was nearing the end of its life.STAFF: The desk manager, Peter, was extremely helpful and willing to go out of his way to ensure a great stay.AMMENITIES: Within the hotel, you will find a bar, computers available for internet (pay to surf) and a dining hall for breakfast.PRICE: The price is fair for what you get and the place is one of the better ones on the block.FOOD: Basic cereal, breads and tea. Enough to get you going on your way.NOTICE: There is NO PARKING available nearby; the closest garage is a 10 minute walk away.THE AREA: Earls Court is fairly safe, full of restaurants and a quick train ride into central London.	
Aug 22 2005	Simply Awful!	This hotel was a waste of money. It is very basic and not even that clean. I stayed here 4 nights total. Two upon arrival and then two after going to Rome. The beds were uncomfortable, you could feel the springs poking through. This hotel is backed up to the Earls court station, so you could hear the district line trains and announcer constantly. Not a very quiet place. The area and proximity to transportation is excellent. Plenty of places to eat near the hotel. The staff was very helpful and quite nice. However, I would not stay here again. If you want a little nicer budget hotel, look up London Town Hotel. It is right across the street and much nicer for almost the same money.	
Jul 20 2005	Better be a heavy sleeper!	Great hotel for students, budget-travelers, heavy-sleepers and those with low expectations of decor and taste. Rooms are small and very simple--you won't want to spend any amount of time in the actual hotel. When we checked in we were showed to a stinky smoking room, but they gladly moved us to a (larger) non-smoking room. Rooms were fairly clean, but they didn't change the linens and you have to leave towels in the bathtub if you want new ones. The breakfast times are very limited--7:30 - 9:00 am!--so we didn't get to sample it since we're late-risers. Location is great, noise from the tube station is tremendous (they were doing some sort of construction overnight as well), so this place would be lousy for light-sleepers. Very friendly staff. A fine hotel for two 25-year-olds who were on the town for most of the day and night.	
May 4 2005	Very good value for the money	We stayed here recently for 9 nights. We found the hotel to be in a very convenient location with handy shops and restaurants nearby. It was great to be so close to the Earl's Court Tube station. Though we did hear the noise of the station, it really didn't bother us. Our room was a triple (non-smoking) with a private bath. It was more spacious than we expected, and was very clean. Each day our room was provided with fresh linens. Breakfast was very filling. We found the staff to be quite pleasant, especially the owners who offered very helpful suggestions. This is definitely a place we would return to if our travels ever bring us back to London! It was a great value for the money!	
Oct 31 2004	Friendly	What a lovely friendly hotel. We (a family of 4 - inc. 2 lads aged 8 &amp; 7) always had a warm welcoming smile from reception. They could not do enough for us, and could update on opening times of tourist attractions, best places to go for food (and where the nearest Pizza Hut was)! The lads felt comfortable here -not out of their reach. Breakfast was OK. We were told (upon leaving) that they would have supplied tea/coffee making facilities in the room if we had asked. The beds were made daily, and fresh towels supplied as necessary.The only downside - the noise of Earls Court tube. We could hear train noise all through the night, and could see the station from our bedroom window. By the third night - it wasn't an issue!!!	
Oct 26 2004	Nice stay	Stayed here with my sister and two friends for a long weekend end of May 2004. Hotel is conveniently located, a short walk from the tube station with lots of small shops on the way. Very pleasent personnel at the reception. Quite small elevator which made a lot of noise... quite an adventure! We were given a small room almost at the top with a miniscule bathroom, hardly room enough to dry yourself once you got out of the shower. The television only worked part of the time, but we didn't really spend that much time in our rooms, so no problem. You could not help yourself to breakfast, instead were served by staff who were a bit stingy with cereal, toast, cheese and fruit. Anyway, a cheap clean hotel - conveniently located, don't expect luxury, but not a dump either!	
Aug 20 2004	Millions of Cheers for Mowbray!	In 2001, I stayed in the Mowbray Court Hotel for four nights with three other good freinds. This was our first time in London and the staff really knew how to make us feel welcome right away. The staff gave us plenty of great suggestions on what to do in London, where to eat, what to see, etc. After hours the staff will even sit and have a spirit or two with guests. The room was clean, the bathroom was generous and the breakfast was plentiful. If I have to go back to London this is definitely where I'll stay again. Affordable and student friendly. Thanks!	
Jul 29 2004	Easy to Find	We stayed here for three nights in July 2004 in a twin room with bathroom for 62 pounds per night which was their standard price. The hotel is very easy to find and very close to Earls Court Tube Station - which is on the line from Heathrow.They were very helpful and friendly on the phone and also during our stay. They give directions and advice.The rooms are small and old fasioned however they were very clean with clean sheets and towels. Bathrooms all clean including communal ones (although there didnt appear to be many). Our first night was noisy and we were moved without problems to a second room that was much quieter. No air conditioning but windows do open wide.Breakfast was fine and there was enough food. Overall a good spot to stay in.	
Jul 15 2004	For the Price a nice enough clean hotel in a good location	I stayed here for 2 nights in June, I had a double room with ensuite bathroom which had a bath. room was not big enough to swing a cat in but the hotel was very very clean, linen and towels were fresh and spotless, was very impressed with what i got for the price. would stay there again, earls court was a good area lots of small shops and coffee houses and good rail links, got straight off the tube direct from heathrow airport. small, clean and well placed, a good bargain if you can't afford anywhere better!	
Apr 12 2004	Great Hotel for money	I have to say, that i was very impressed with this hotel. After first staying one night at the sara hotel down the street- we realized we needed to find someplace less disgusting. this was perfect. the rooms were cleaned every day, the hotel staff was great- breakfast was great, very clean and not expensive. it was worth it to spend an extra few pounds. u get what u pay for.	
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel confortevole economico a due passi da Earl's court station		
Oct 7 2009 	Semplice pulito e molto cordiali		
Oct 3 2009 	zentrales Stadthotel		
Aug 5 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 28 2009 	peggio dell'ostello della gioventù		
Jul 13 2009 	Nojento!		
Apr 27 2009 	Comodo ma dormire in un seminterrato...		
Mar 19 2009 	Earls Court??		
Oct 28 2008 	???????????????		
Sep 23 2008 	Parfait.		
Jul 29 2008 	Correct pour le prix		
May 8 2008 	Parfait		
Jan 26 2008 	hotel da consigliare...ci tornerò!		
