Oct 29 2009 	Overpriced small prefabricated cell	I appreciate that the development is still at final fit out stage. The entrance down a long white corridor of plain white walls is not welcoming. The reception staff was friendly and helpful but there seemed a lack of professionalism in his search for a room key (credit card type). I proceeded to the room down a corridor lit by motion sensitive lights that didn't quite keep up with my leisurely pace. The key would not open the door despite trying the tip which the receptionist had told me - back to reception who relieved me of the credit card type key and gave me a good old fashioned metal key - back to the room only to find that while I could now open the door I could not put the lights on because you need the credit card key for that. So the round trip to reception again. The room is obviously pre fabricated and dropped into place during construction - it is small and furnished in modern style. The bedroom area was little bigger than then bed, the bathroom big enough for its purpose, just, and the lounge kitchen would charitably be referred to as cosy. I was glad I was alone in the apartment which was described as &quot;Executive One Bed Apartment&quot;. To be fair what is there is reasonably comfortable overall and was clean. There did not appear to be any way to put the lights off except by removing the credit card key from the switch which caused a blue light to flash all night. In the morning while very stylish, I defy anyone to have a wet shave in the handbasin - a triumph of style over functionality. Normally I would expect to get dressed in the bedroom but it is so small I had to do so in the lounge.	
Oct 9 2009 	Satisfactory	We stayed at 190 Bermondsey Street for 5 nights. GOOD POINTS: Good locationWalking distance to tube station, tower of London, supermarket, and several eateries.Clean modern apartments (bit IKEA like)Comfortable bedLight and airy apartment which included - washing machine/dryer, TV, fridge, dishwasher, couch, etc. We booked very early in the year whilst renovations still underway and obtained a rate of 79GBP per night, which was very cheap for central LondonVery quiet polite staff available 24 hours a day/7 days a weekLifts available to upper floors. BAD POINTS:Room stifling hot at all timesNo air conditioning Had to have window open at all times to allow air circulation, but obviously this made it very noisyModern cupboard doors with no handles, as soon as you shut one door, the next one opened, so could spend some time shutting doors continuallyThe key card enabled the automatic lighting system. There were also some light switches in the room. Unfortunately it was a very complicated system meaning we had lights coming on when we didn't need them, and lights switched on which we couldnt switch off. Bascially it had a mind of its own and you just made do.Staff always polite but only answered questions when spoken to. Did not make effort to be welcoming or have any uncessary chat (ie enjoy your stay) SUMMARYits a good location to stay if you can get a cheap price. It is good that its clean and has a comfy bed and very convenient to have an apartment with washing machine etc. and be able to make own meals and come and go all day, unlike B&amp;Bs and hotels. Despite the comments above, we enjoyed our stay and would consider staying there again. The biggest deterrent is the heat. Would definitely not stay there in the height of summer. In the immediate vicinity of the apartments there are a number of eateries and a really good asian shop which served brillian coffee. Be warned that there is a car park close by which costs 5GBP per night (if I recall correctly), however, you also need to pay London Congestion tax. The tax expires at 7pm, so if you collect a hire car and park it an 4pm ready for early departure next day (as we did) you will need to pay 2 lots of Congestion parking tax!Would suggest the owners look into the heating problems, instal air conditioning, fix cupboard doors continually opening and organise a simplified lighting system.	
