Nov 7 2009 	Unbelievable for price in Mayfair London	My gf and I stayed at the Curzon Plaza for four nights in August, 2009. We were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment. The apartment was renovated and fully self contained with free wi-fi. We paid a bit under $150 AUD per night from memory. Green Square tube station is just a short walk away. Great place to stay for first-timers. I left my suit in the wardrobe and the staff could not be more helpful in assisting me retrieve it. We were extremely happy with Curzon Plaza. Thanks again.Would definately recommend this place, based on our experience.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Location at Reasonable Price - No Car Required	We were two blocks from the London subway and less distance to the bus tour stops. Walking distance to lots of fine dining, shopping, and sightseeing. The surrounding area is very posh and high-end. We were very happy with the location and the price was good. The apartment was outdated but clean with plenty of space and wireless internet. The view was of an interior &quot;courtyard&quot; but not at all scenic. Wood panelling on tub really showed the age of the decor. We would try other options in this area and price range first, but would stay here again.	
Oct 3 2009 	A Real Mixed Bag	OK, this one really is a mixed bag. Let me start with the negatives. This place is no frills, and the furniture is a bit worn. Could have used some curtains (in addition to the venetian blinds) in the bedroom to block the morning light.. There is no coffee maker, but there are facilities for instant coffee and that worked out OK. The water pressure in the shower was the worst of our two week trip to England. The floors (and hence the ceiling below the floor above us) were very creaky, and did bother us quite a bit.However - the apartment was HUGE! The portable AC unit in the living room, though a bit disconcerting at first, actually worked well to cool the entire apartment.. We had a room overlooking the interior courtyard which made the room fairly quiet from city noise (except for the planes from Heathrow and the creaking upstairs).. The kitchen was fairly large for an accommodation such as this with a mini-fridge, microwave, and cooktop and a good selection of pots, pans,and dishes (if you desire to cook while in London). The location - 1 1/2 blocks from the Green Park tube station - cannot be beat! And the staff was very pleasant throughtout our entire stay. While it is not inexpensive, it is a fairly good value for London and I would probably stay here again.	
Sep 18 2009 	nothing like its website pictures - tatty and outdated	I was very disappointed to see our appartment - nothing like the cool website pictures. The bathroom was at least 20 years old with a hideous blue suite, blue pattern tiles, and decades of filth in the grouting. Bedroom has also not been refurbished in at least 10 years - carpet was very dirty. The kitchen consisted of a sink, 2 rings, fridge and microwave. SO small I got an electric shock due to water from the sink when using the micropwave 3 cm away (can that comply with safety regulations?). The living room was OK - laminate flooring, but sofa was old and in need of cleaning. What I did like: we had back facing room (no 58) so it was totally quiet . It was generally very clean (despite grubby carpet, sofa and bathroom grout in tiles). It was a reasonable size and much more spacious than one room. The location was fantastic. I would never stay here again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Cheap and not cheerful.....	Please do not be fooled, the rooms are not as advertised on their website. You could say I was the fool, cheap price in Mayfair should have said it all!!! Our friends had to change their rooms twice, due to smell and general condition of room.We would not have booked if their webiste advertised the rooms we stayed in, very dated (70's) style. If you want budget and do not mind the asthetics then this is reasonably priced and value for money.BEWARE!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Foiled views and reviews of previous negative opinions	Rooms were large - the furniture in good condition &lt;br&gt; Wi-Fi service is available free of charge --- living room - is also a good size with a small dining table &lt;br&gt; There is a rather small kitchen, but enough to make some simple quick-service operations - the water cycle, but a narrow jewelry containing a bathtub and finishing well accepted and very hot water is available and highly inflammable &lt;br&gt; IRON Stand was new and clean and the room available at the time &lt;br&gt; Cleaning and room service are good and on a daily basis and without Reetaj of the population - between the site combines the best restaurants, cafes, boutiques and supermarkets around the hotel - this hotel is the size of storage cabinets Balmlabss Vvvi my Doalaep have a length of 3 meters and some other Mozotain meters at the entrance to the apartment!! Officers receiving more than cooperative and ready to serve you that I and my colleague has a separate housing in two apartments and also my impression that has taken him from my colleague - of course, non-conditioned hotel - Conclusion: It is not the price of accommodation Alldorhestr smallest room in which at least 400 pounds and Lahu Iommia hotel bed and breakfast and a veto Some of the rooms on the price of 80 pounds the day of the features of the text there Curzon	
Jul 23 2009 	Dated and Disappointing	I'm writing this review from room 41 in the Curzon Plaza.Here on a single night business trip and it seemed that given the price was similar to a hotel in this location I thought an apartment would be cool.As others have said though, don't let the Curzon Plaza website fool you.The rooms are incredibly dated and very poorly decorated. Sparse furniture and old steel single glazed windows that either wont open or wont close.The 'kitchen' is like something from the early 70's and is, in effect, just like an old fashioned scullery.I've tried to be fair when scoring - the location is great... its hard to see if the rooms are clean as the actual fixtures and fittings, tiles etc are just so old.The whole place needs a multimillion pound facelift, but then again, if they did that you would pay triple for the privilege of staying here.Basically just scabby old flats in a good location.	
Jul 12 2009 	Won't Stay Again!	Due to the various short trips we were making, we had used this hotel as the base and stayed in four different rooms (studio, one bedroom, two bedrooms and three bedrooms) in this apartment. I agree totally with the negative comments made by the others. The rooms are dreadful, dirty and old. Don't be fool by the hotel photos. They were nothing like that. There was one night we stayed in this three bedrooms apartment which was facing Curzon St. The windows could not be closed properly and we had no sleep at all as it was so noisy. We told the reception that when we checked in the day after, don't put us back in the same room. And you know what .. they just did exactly what you did not want to happen - the same room! And we did not like about the fact that the receptionist lied to us telling us that the check in time should be 3:00 while the confirmation slip clearly stated 2:00. I suspected that the room was not ready, so he made up something that the policy was changed. The only good point about this hotel is the location, other than that, nothing!	
Jul 11 2009 	Would stay again excellent value considering location	Stayed at the Curzon Plaza for 3 nights, although the decor is dated the rooms are very clean and the staff very welcoming. I had a studio room on the 2nd floor which had a small kitchenette with a fridge, microwave toaster etc which again were all very clean and for the price was more than I was expecting. Huge bed with quality bedding and a nice matteress. The only negative for me was the windows, they looked to be the orignal 1930's windows which didn't fit well and did nothing to minimise the London noise, they need ripped out and replaced with good quality UPVC and it would be so much improved.	
Jul 9 2009 	Dirtydirty  dirty !!!!	Don´t ...very dirty...very simple....big rooms, good location, but never again...not for that money	
Jun 26 2009 	Expect a building and rooms but no hospitality!	We were quite disappointed with this hotel. Considering it is in the heart of London and caters to many business and leisure travelers, this was just a building and rooms but no sign of any hospitality. To start with we felt cheated with the rates itself. Having booked well in advance, we were now on the mailing list and so received offers from the hotel with much lower rates that the one we had booked at. However, the staff refused to pass on the benefit to us on some lame excuse. So what's the point of booking in advance? And what were they sending us the offers for - to rub it in? We had two reservations on different rates for the same room, and when we upgraded one room, they retained the more expensive of the original reservations for the other room. And in all our interactions, the staff was very cold, with a &quot;take it or leave it&quot; tone. There was no trace of the fact that they belonged in the hospitality industry and should be bending over to serve their guests.The rooms themselves were old and run down, but the size of the rooms was great. The bathrooms were bad - grimy and ill-becoming of a central london hotel. The standard one-bedroom literally had a hole in the wall that passed for a kitchenette.Overall, I would definitely explore other options.	
Jun 22 2009 	Filthy place	This hotel is filthy and disgusting. My husband and I arrived at 9:00PM and were immediately put off by the seedy looking people slouching around outside smoking. The lobby was small and not very clean. Our room was on the 6th floor where the carpets in the hall were stained and smelly. The doors are not framed so the only way to keep them closed is to lock them from the insidewith the key. There are no fire doors, the walls in the hall are made of plywood, and the windows in the roms open about 2&quot;. These are casements, and one of the windows in our room was painted shut and did not open at all. What a fire trap. The kitchenette was in a converted closet, too small to even boil water. The sofa in the seating area was filthy and covered with stains. The bath room tile was cracked and the tub rusty. The whole place had the ambience of a welfare hotel, thoroughly disgusting. Can nothing be done about a place like this that shows internet photos not at all consistent with the reality? We left immediately and were charged for 2 nights!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Don't go by the photos!!	Booked through laterooms, I would have been furious if I'd paid full price. The apartment was huge, with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, but the shabby 70s decor was awful and the bathroom suites dark brown and very grimy. Nothing like the pictures on the website - I wish I'd taken my camera!However, for the price I paid it was ok, and the location in mayfair was great. On checkout I was told they were planning a big refurb this year, so if that goes ahead it would be quite a good find.	
May 19 2009 	Like this hotel	i stay in the hotel for 4 nights .it was clean with a very good location.if you are coming to travel in london so this hotel is very good.	
Apr 29 2009 	so disappointing!!	our daughter booked this as part of her ruby wedding present to us . I really don,t have the heart to tell her that what looked exceptional in the publicity leaflets was in fact a very run down and poorly equiped rip off . First impressions were good with a clean and relatively modern entrance area . the staff were very friendly (the only saving grace apart from the location) but the room was furnished from a 70s style 2nd hand shop.Everything was just so cheap and nasty. The secondary double glazing was useless and as the windows would not close properly we were kept awake all night by traffic noise. There were water stains on the lounge ceiling the paint they used on the walls was so thin it did nothing to disguise all the stains it was intended to cover.Luckily the bed was lovely/large and clean but NEVER AGAIN in the CURZON PLAZA .	
Feb 27 2009 	Dreadful dirty tired and depressing	The website for the Curzon Plaza makes it seem like a modern, bright, clean apartment hotel, nothing could be further from the truth. In fact it's a tired, dirty place which is actually depressing to stay in.The apartments themselves are huge, but having seen a sample of three of them, they were all uniformly bad. I was staying with colleagues and had booked two, 2 bedroom apartments. On arrival we were told we had a 2 bed and a 1 bed, not ideal given that we only work together, we're not that intimate! I had to produce the paperwork before the staff would believe i'd booked 2, 2 bed apartments.The first apartment we were given the keys to looked like it had been burgled, beds were unmade, chairs piled on the table, cushions astray from the sofa and the space was generally dilapidated. We returned to reception are were given a different apartment several floors up.The only thing that the Curzon Plaza has going for it is space, the 2 bed apartments are VERY big, in fact they're two single apartments knocked together into one, you can tell as the apartment had two front doors one of which was bolted on the inside and not in use. But having knocked this huge space together it's then very badly used. The bedrooms and bathrooms are a good size, but the kitchen was tiny, the floorspace a 1ft by 2ft strip, no more than one person could have been in there at a time and the units and tiles were old and shabby.The bathrooms while large were very old and dirty, once had a chocolate brown suite with gold taps, the other was avocado. Both had chipped tiles, soap scum and other mysterious stains, one had a flickering light.The living space was large but lit by two single bulb ceiling fittings, making a dim, oppresive light. There were lamps or other lights to be found. The bedrooms were actually ok, not the greatest mattresses, but clean plain sheets and bedside lamps. However, the whole apartment had old, large iron framed windows which fitted badly and let in a lot of road noise.Overall, the apartment had a dusty slightly off odour, which caught in the back of your throat and set both me and my colleague coughing. When I eventually checked out it was a relief to get out into daylight and fresh air.My colleagues confirmed that their apartment was of a similar poor standard and were baffled as to why i'd have booked somewhere so poor. Until one of them picked up a card in reception with the photos the hotel uses to advertise, my colleague was astounded with the way the pictures looked to almost be a different property entirely!I'd NEVER stay here again and frankly think they have a cheek to rent the place out at any price in such a state.	
Feb 27 2009 	Not a luxury experience but not bad	I saw some of the negative reviews after I booked the hotel and got a bit nervous. There were problems, but none that weren't tolerable for a few days.Some of the previous reviews mentioned the hotel being dirty. I found that it was older - carpets are well worn, fixtures and windows are old and show signs of wear - but not dirty. There weren't any strange smells, corners were free of dust or dirt, sheets and blankets had fuzz balls, but were clean. The carpeting in the hallways could stand to be replaced, but does look well tended.The location is amazing. A very quick walk from the Green Park tube, it's convenient to several lines, and you can get almost anywhere in London on less than one transfer. Within walking distance you have the stores on Bond Street, Oxford Circus and plenty of attractions. In addition to the Tesco, there's a Marks &amp; Spencer's food store across from the Green Park tube that has lots of good things you can pick up to take advantage of the kitchen. I had a studio, which was carpeted and spacious. The bathroom was obviously older, the drain was ridiculously slow in the shower, and there were cracks in the tiling at the edge of the shower. Despite the age, it was clean and aside from the slow drain I had no issue showering there (no mold, residue or general bathroom nastiness). The bed was sufficiently comfortable and there was enough space to spread out my laptop and documents. I will agree with those who noted that the hotel hallway and rooms are very hot. I actually prefer a very warm room, so this was a plus for me. As other reviews have noted, the windows are a bit old, so I suspect this is to negate any drafts that may come from having uninsulated windows. One of the big reasons I chose this hotel was for the free wi-fi. Unfortunately it was pretty bad for most of the trip. I never got a strong signal, and it kept fading in and out when there was a signal. Finally, the keys used at the property are very old fashioned. &quot;For security&quot; they ask you to leave your key at the front desk when you leave. For convenience, they really should invest in an electronic key system. A bit of an annoyance to do this every time you want to pop out.Now even though the accommodations aren't top of the line, the people at the desk were. I mentioned the wifi being weak, but when I brought it up they offered to restart the router pretty frequently. When I asked for directions to a store, they were quick to print a map and give directions from the hotel. The welcome was a bit long for my tastes, but for someone visiting London for the first time, probably helpful. All in all, a generally pleasant and helpful staff.At some of the rates mentioned, I can understand why there might be some disappointment. I paid a little over $120/night, and for the size of the room, location of the hotel and kitchenette think it was a good deal. I was expecting a 3 star location, and it delivered on that. If the property wants to charge luxury prices (they definitely have the location), they should probably do a floor by floor renovation - electronic keycards, new carpets, replace windows, include more modern bathroom fixtures and tiles, new bed linens. But for a clean place to stay in an excellent location at a reasonable price, I would stay here again	
Jan 15 2009 	Wonderful Curzon Plaza	I stayed at the Curzon Plaza last year from September - November on business, spending between 3 and 4 nights there each week. Before staying there, I spent another two months staying at hotels in and around the central London area. I think I know what I am talking about!First thing's first. The Curzon Plaza is not a hotel. It is an aparthotel, which means from my experience that your room comes with at the most basic a ktchenette if not a fully equipped kitchen. Throw in a real, good-sized bathroom, and you are looking at considerably more livng space than any London hotel room. Believe me there is only so much hotel and restaurant food anyone can eat, and with a small Tesco on the corner, it's great to actually be able to prepare even the simplest meal in your &quot;own&quot; kitchen.Also on features - when it comes to plentiful hot water and powerful showers - in my experience the Curzon Plaza cannot be beaten. However, a word of warning - the bathrooms are a wonderful collection of teh original 'seventies suites from plain white, to orange, to avocado. Devotees of Elle Decoration should love them! And they are spotlessly clean! The bathrooms that is, not the readers...Lets look at the cost. We're talking Mayfair here - an easy stroll (yes minutes, not hours) from Berkeley Square, Bond Street, Regent Street etc. I challenge anyone to find a room rate as good as those at the Curzon Plaza in central in Mayfair!The place is spotless, with the best hotel beds in London. They are big, new, firm and clean. The linen and towels are equally so. Room service here is to be commended, they run a very tight and clean ship.And on the decor front - this admittedly is a tad eccentric. This is an art deco apartment block which is looking tired, but has some wondeful deco features. And the neutral Magnolia and laminate flooring throughout every room will not be to everyone's taste. But it is fresh and clean, and inoffensive. And it certainly is not worn frock or faded wallpaper!Finally, the front of house desk were always fantastic. Warm, friendly and incredibly efficient. A real asset to the Curzon Plaza and themselves.In short, give Curzon Plaza a go. Facilities, cleanliness, location and rate. You will be hard-pushed to find anywhere as good!	
Dec 13 2008 	Ideally located for Picadilly and Mayfair	My husband and I have just returned from a one night stay at the Curzon Plaza. the purpose of our trip was my work Christmas Party.The photos's of the Serviced Apartments shown on the website left me filled with excitement and I cooed all day to my colleagues about the luxury pad we would be staying in.How wrong could I be.When we arrived and checked in (we had prepaid for the room), the reception area looked comfortable and was nicely decorated for Christmas. We were pleased that the location was only 10 minutes walk from the party venue.We got in the lift to the 4th Floor. Our room was opposite the lift door (which was to be a problem later on in the evening with the comings and goings of other guests). First impressions were not good but we put on a smiley face and thought &quot;it's only 1 night&quot;. The lounge was basic, the kitchen about 5ft x 3ft and the cooker didn't work. The bathroom was very old fashioned but the shower curtain was clean as were the towels. However, when we began to get ready to go out there was no hot water . It took 10 minutes to get luke warm and we then shared it just in case we couldn't get any more!The bed was comfortable (and modern) and the sheets were clean but it was obvious that the rooms had been decorated as a rush job as there were paint splashes over the plug sockets and light fittings.All in all a forgettable experience and one that we will not be having again. I would not recommend these apartments to anyone and they were definitely not worth the £130 we paid!	
Dec 3 2008 	Not too bad	I travelled for business mid October and stayed at a 5 star property in the area and really fancied the location for a leisure trip planned toward the end of November 2008. Whilst still in London I looked at the companys' own website. I was alarmed as I believe you do always need to worry about a product that has &quot;pictures for representation purposes only&quot; prominantly listed on it's own website. I went in to the building to have a look for myself before booking and can see what they mean. I was shown 6 apartments and they were all differently decorated and varied considerably from one another and the pictures on the website. The staff member showing me the apartments explained that many of the apartments were privately owned at some stage and when the current owners took over there has been minimal work to the apartments but plans are in place for a refurbishment in 2009. Too right the building needs a refurbishment but it is clean (age of furnishings etc can give a dirty feel), comfortable and conveniently located so I decided to make the reservation. We arrived early morning but were offered the apartment which turned out to be one of the “nicer” ones as I found little fault with it and it looked much like the pictures on the website.Considering the cheap price paid for a the 4 of us, the great service and the fantastic location I will be back . . . . .	
Nov 26 2008 	Mayfair location but needs refurbishment	The other reviews on this website are quite accurate. The location is great but this hotel has major problems. The good aspects of the Curzon Plaza include its great location in Mayfair, walking distance to many of London’s attractions and minutes away from Green Park underground station. The rooms are large with high ceilings. I found the staff to be friendly, helpful and well informed about local attractions. You will probably find this hotel to be cheaper than most others in the area. There is a valid reason for that.The bad points of the Curzon are that is a very shop worn, run down hotel. It needs millions spent on refurbishment. My biggest complaint was the windows. They are obviously original from the 1930’s. They’re single glazed and several in my room couldn’t close properly. I woke up several times in the night to the sound of delivery vehicles and people yelling. The heating is also a problem. Despite the ill fitting windows and the chilly November weather, the hotel room was hot. The bathroom radiator was blasting heat. I closed the bathroom door and that seemed to help. Other than that and opening more windows, there didn’t seem to be a way to control the temperature. The Curzon has made some attempts at refurbishment but unfortunately has taken the inexpensive route and used labourers with no skills in what they were hired to do. Every repair and installation seems armature. The caulking around the bath tub was probably the worse caulking job I have ever seen. The laminate flooring had gaps at the wall and the hot water tap in the bath ran, not dripped, constantly, which has caused water stains in the tub. Other reviews have complained about the Curzon being dirty. I didn’t notice that. My room was clean just very run down. Stay here if you must but I’d recommend shopping around for something better.	
Oct 16 2008 	Scary !	Beware of the very deceptive pictures that appear on the hotel's webpage. The apartment was so bad , we immediatelly went out to look for another place to stay. As it was past 2pm ,even though we ended up not sleeping even 1 night, they made us pay for 2 nights - this is incredibly unfair as the photos and description of the place are totally misleading .Everything looked old,carpet in corridor was dirty and all rundown.	
Oct 5 2008 	Tatty but a very good location	I spent one night at the Curzon Plaza whilst in London for work, it was not a pleasant experience.I stayed in a studio on the ground floor. The door to the room didn't feel secure, the lock was very loose and the door itself very thin and rickety. The room was tatty, the walls had telephone wires running all over, and the kitchen had cupboards with broken doors etc. The bathroom was the rooms only saving grace, being clean and functional.The problem with this hotel is that from the outside it looks luxurious and upmarket, this creates high expections for the rooms. Which are in reality dirty, worn and in need of refurbishment.The best assett this hotel has is its location, but I would not reccomend this hotel to anybody, spend a little extra elsewhere and get a lot more out of your trip.	
Sep 17 2008 	Utter toilet	Do not even consider staying at this overpriced hovel. The website is a complete lie. The rooms are extremely tired, dirty and uncomfortable. The windows are so old and badly maintained that they do not even shut which makes for a very noisy experience. I hardly slept a wink the night I stayed there due to the traffic noise, shouting and deliveries outside. Upon complaining I was told the Manager would be in touch - he didn't even have the decency to contact me. Stay away!	
May 6 2008 	Mutton dressed as lamb	First the positives.The Curzon Plaza is wonderfully situated in the heart of Mayfair, with excellent restaurants/pubs a very short walk away, a Tesco Metro and Cafe Nero on the next corner and loads of tourist attractions within easy walking distance.The rooms are big, spacious and well appointed and the staff very friendly.BUT . . . .The Curzon seems to be situated right on the corner of the main cut through from Piccadilly to Park Lane and the rooms are not double glazed. Therefore any kind of sleep at night is well nigh impossible thanks to the constant rumble of traffic (and we were quite a way up on the fourth floor).Of course the hotel can't really do much about that, but my wife was distraught to find a cockroach in the bathroom in the middle of the night!!! (As indeed was the individual who had to dispose of it. ) ME!No sooner had she recovered from that shock than she found an appalling looking brown stain right in the middle of the bath towel.Fortunately, on closer inspection, this turned out to be nothing more sinister than a burn mark, but it was still disconcerting.The kitchen of the apartment also smelled of stale cigarette smoke, which is presumably where the offending mark originated.The exterior of the building looked a little shabby with some of the windows cracked, which filled my wife with a sense of foreboding before we even entered the building.Sadly that sensation proved accurate. At £269 for a night the Curzon appears to offer reasonable value for a family of four, but we were hoping for a little more for our money.If you don't have a visa card you have to pay £50 on your debit card as an up front deposit, but this is refunded when you check out so isn't really a problem.The Curzon looks, on the surface, modern, well appointed and plush. But scratch beneath the surface and it's really not all it cracks up to be.All in all, disappointing.	
Apr 6 2008 	Big Rooms but tired old hotel	This is the second time I have had a last minute room from www.laterooms.com for this apart-hotel. My impression is the same as the last time…. It is OK when you get a room for £100 in this part of town but it is clear why this no doubt once excellent quality place has been downgraded to a 3* accommodation. It is simply ‘tired’ and lacking investment in the right places or better still a complete refurbishment.The main pros are that the flats are all spacious and have a separate living room and small kitchen with them. Free wireless internet is avaiolable as well and the connection is fairly fast. The location is good as well in Mayfair and close to Shepherds market. If location is more important than quality then a discounted room rate is reasonable value for money for this area. £100 is OK I think but I wouldn’t pay rack rates of £200 upwards for a night…A few issues I had however were more or less all based around the fact that the place is tired and needs investment:- The kitchens are all really old (20 years?) and very tired and the implements in them are well used and needing thrown out. - The oven was ancient but functioning- The bath wouldn’t fill as the stopper was damaged and wouldn't fit- Water pressure was minimal and I didn't get any hot water in the morning- Bathroom shelf broken and missing- Windows ancient and fairly insecure- Some sockets didn’t work- Security is quite poor and rooms have yale keys which could be easily copied- I found a safe in the room and it worked but I laughed when I found that I could pick it up and walk off with it as it wasn’t even attached to the wall…- etc (the list does go on)However, the place was clean, warm and functional…I would probably stay here again but only because the location suits me as I fairly often have work to do nearby.Hope this helps.	
Mar 25 2008 	Dirty - Avoid - Found a condom wrapper in the bed!	Mayfair may be upmarket, but this hotel is not! Big problem is that the rooms are NOT clean. Everything seems to have a layer of grease on it - even the coat hangers and remote control! Told myself to &quot;deal with it&quot; but then upon finding a condom wrapper in the bed, thought my initial negative views were warranted.Provided feedback to reception about cleanliness and condom wrapper and they apologised but were not that interested. Also sent an email to the management team but got no reply.Do yourself a favour and avoid this place - there are plenty of other great hotels in Mayfair.	
Jan 28 2008 	Above average	We stayed for 3 nights and booked a studio direct with the property owners website which was cheaper than any other site. The location is great and really quiet. Green Park tube station is about a 2 minute walk with the victoria, jubilee and picadilly line serviced which makes the West End easy to reach. There is a tesco metro on the next corner that caters for self catering needs.The staff all seemed really friendly and are mainly Polish although they insisted upon a passport which annoyed me when I tried to explain that British people have no need to carry a passport, when the penny finally dropped she wanted a credit card as a deposit for the room (which I also don't have) so my debit card was used and a £50 deposit per night meant I had to pay £150 for our 3 night stay but this was refunded without fuss.Our studio was spacious and clean and we much preferred this to a hotel room for which you would pay a lot more for in London. The studio consisted of a hallway, bathroom, living area/bedroom and a kitchen all of which were spotless. A TV was provided with freeview and the room had a safe although this wasn't bolted down!!.These apartments are ideal to have your own space in a quiet area but still within easy reach of all the sights. Would use these again.	
Jan 26 2008 	Fantastic location	I booked the 2 bed/2bath apartment for a 1 night stay for a friends 30th, the night before we left for London I found the review page on this website and was a little aprehensive of what to expect, on arriving we asked for an early check in but they were unable to provide this although let us leave our luggage behind the front desk. We went back at 14.30hr (half hour after the stated check in time) and our room was still not ready. We insisted on waiting this time and so finally got into the room at 14.50hr. I was relieved to see the photos on the website were a good representation of the room we had, I wouldn't call them luxury apartments and I would agree they're a little rough around the edges but the space and location was great.Staff were helpful, rooms were very warm! Kitchen was small and basic, hot water was there although it needed running a fair while before it came through.I would stay there again without a doubt, was the cheapest place I found while searching on line so I was expecting it not to be quite so luxurious but it was a great area with plenty to do and in walking distance to Regent and Oxford street with lots going on and taxi's easy to get from a 1 min walk.	
Jan 20 2008 	We booked again already...	We have booked a 2 Bedroom Apartement at the Curzon Plaza for our Family Trip to London.Before we went we saw thecomments below and where considering to cancel the booking.However we did travel to London and stayed at the Curzon Plaza and really enjoed the stay.We had a room where we didn't like (because of stile - not because it was shaby) and mentioned it at reception.The really helpfull staff offered us to move to an other room straight away. The 2nd room we absolutely loved!The location is great and the staff is really helpfull!I guess on here it is one of these places where a lot of people write something down when they didn't like it but never if they do like it!We booked our next trip to the Curzon Plaza already!	
Dec 30 2007 	Fine place	After I booked this hotel, negative reviews appeared regarding the hotel, so I was a bit apprehensive of staying there. My experience was great. We had reserved a studio but were given a 1 BR, and when I said it was a bit cold, they immediately sent up a space heater and that was that. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. The hotel is in a great location for underground travel to/from Heathrow and for tourism in London.	
Dec 20 2007	Oh dear...........	I work in Berkely Square and the company Christmas party was being held nearby so we wanted a local hotel to stay in for one night.The Curzon Plaza seemed nice from the website and so much cheaper then other hotels in the area.I was surprised at how shabby the room doors were but not as shocked as I was to discover that there was no hot water. We were not able to shower before changing in to our party clothes. In the morning there was still no hot water so we faced a journey home feeling horribly unclean.The bedding was clean but the carpet in the bedroom was quite dirty.	
Nov 21 2007 	Avoid Staying at the Curzon Plaza	This is one of the worst hotel experiences I have had in the past 15 years of hotel travel. While the Hotel is cheaper than most in the area, it really is one of the worst price/value propositions in London.-The hotel is very old and shabby, the PICTURES of individual rooms ARE MISLEADING.-NO hot water.-Dirty bedding.-Charged twice for a newspaper.-Charged an extra night for early checkout.-CHARGED FOR DOUBLE OCCUPANCY EVEN THOUGH I WAS ALONE. -Did not get a wake up call as requested.-Heating barely worked.-Very noisy.-The staff is not helpful and is rude.-The smallest hotel TV I have seenThis Hotel doesn't seem very interested in repeat business.	
Nov 20 2007 	Cockroaches	Looked good in the pictures, location seemed perfect, between the London Hilton at Hyde Park Corner and Berkeley Square. Booking direct was twice the price of the onine offer.Lobby is plush enough, marble, leather and chrome, fitting the description on the wall outside of Luxury ApartmentsService was friendly and efficient, changed my room from a street level room to a 3rd floor room - so I got to see two different roomsThe property seems to be a converted apartment block that had a mixture of studio, 1 and 2 bedroom apartments. They updated the decor, but not the structure. Our ground floor room had IKEA (or similar furnishings) and the upstairs one had the old fitted wardrobes and old mouldings on the ceilings.It was warm and everything worked, although it was done on a tight budget. Location was indeed perfect.The only problem was that the kitchen came equipped with cockroaches. If you don't mind the extra room guests, it is a passable budget alternative, but certainly not Luxury apartments	
Sep 4 2007 	we loved it!	We booked the Curzon Plaza on the Internet.We enjoyed the stay and where really surprised about the Hotel especially after some of the reviews.We liked it that much, that we cancelled the follow on booking in the other Hotel and extended the stay at the Curzon Plaza.I can only reccomend this property!	
Aug 30 2007 	We will book again!	I stayed at the Curzon Plaza in August and I relly enjoyed my stay there.The Apartments are huge and I can't think of a better location like the Curzon Plaza.For me it was perfect, the room was clean and the staff very friendly and helpful with all our planned trips.If we are going back to London we definitely going to book at the Curzon Plaza.	
Jul 12 2007	It's Cheap for a Reason	Where should we even begin? I wish i could start this off by saying we had a great time..but its quite the contrary. Thank god for a beautiful city---or else we wouldve been outta here a long time ago. Let me start by saying, the stafff....well, they are like satan's minions. This one brunette woman, looks at you as if she has no idea what you're saying and looks like she is depressed..my friend asked her a question..my friend turned and i saw the woman talking about my friend and of course, i made a big scene. Im from Los Angeles, thats what we do. Ok besides the unfriendly, UNINTELLIGENT and UNKNOWLEDGABLE staff....imagine....opening the elevator...with a smell so bad that you have to cover your nose in order to even make it alive to your room. it smells like curry and dirt and old socks. The smell is unlike anythign ive ever smelled. Thank god when you get to the room...the windows, are open at all times. So you can hear the screaming baby, who i guess lives next door or its kidnapped n decided to scream all the freaking time...where you cant even sleep...let alone and try and sleep with the hard mattress. Thats not all folks...the kitchen..dirty silverware.The bathroom...well, is crap.There is no safe.My grandmother in mexico has a newer tv than we do here, and im not kidding.Btw, we are still in the hotel as we are writing this...we are changing the last two days of our stay to somewhere else...the price doesnt even matter anymore.There are flies in the room. They sent us dirty towels--twice.The sheets are stained.The kitchen has dust and dirt everywhere.Its basically not worth ur money..the pix on the website look beautiful.but then again, you go on myspace and someone claims to look like heather locklear and in reality looks like courtney love. I mean..its your choice.I wish i wouldve read other reviews before staying here.I DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE WANNA STAY HERE AGAIn.THE OUTSIDE LOOKS MORE PLEASANT....and im being honest and sincere.hope your trip is lovely, and make sure you visit the tower of london..and westminster abbey (and go on the london eye)Good luck if you stay here..my heart is out to you.Bon Voyage.	
Jun 6 2007 	If you're into cockroaches ...	Booked a studio, were installed in a one bedroom flat at no extra charge. So far, so good. The entire building interior sort of...well, stinks, really. Not bad in the room though, but the sofa appeared not to have been cleaned anytime lately, as did the cutlery in the kitchenette.Uncomfortable bed, slightly congested toilet, occasional lack of hot water, rather unfriendly staff, very noisy from the street even at the 4th floor. Main complaint is waking up in the morning, turnin on the bedside light only to see cockroaches roaming for cover, though. Far from recommended.	
Jun 3 2007 	Dreadful unclean the worst place i've ever stayed	My boyfriend and I chose to stay here for a weekend in london. The sign at the enterance says &quot;Luxury Apartments&quot;, that is sadly where the luxury ends. We got the lift up to our room, when arriving on our floor we were greated by a dreadful smell which remained for our entire stay. We opened the door to the apartment to see an orange/brown bathroom suite from the 60s. There were cracked tiles, dirty floors, dirty taps. The lounge furniture was falling to pieces, the bed was literally a piece of wood with old sheets on, the windows would not open so we were uncomfortably hot. I felt unsafe using the electrics, everything was dirty and unmodernised. All we were looking for was a place to sleep and get ready, we were not expecting luxury but the standard was dreadful, everytime we went back to the apartment we felt uncomfortable and disappointed. Please take this advice, book somewhere nice or at least clean, not the curzon.	
Apr 10 2007 	Location!!! space light 	My two daughters (11 and 16) and I needed a room for two days with only three days' warning in the middle of the Easter week - and luckily the Curzon Plaza had room for us - a whole apartment: A nice sitting room with sofa, coffee table, dining table and a very good quality TV. A spacious bedroom with a double bed and an extra bed put up for the smallest child (not luxurious mattresses but OK). A tiny but nice bathroom with a narrow shower. A tiny kitchenette with microwave oven, regular oven, electric kettle, toaster, washing machine - everything new. Only cups etc for two people, but the kind receptionist provided us with all the extra items that we needed. The apartment was very light and sunny, with wooden floors, and it was facing the quiet back yard. It was cleaned every day (incl the dishes) but never hoovered - why? Still better than a carpet that's not hoovered, though! Bathroom and kitchen were generally nice and clean. Lots and lots of cupboard space.We absolutely loved the location: within short walking distance of Piccadilly, Green Park, Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace, and Green Park tube station (3 or 4? different lines incl the one to Heathrow) - and in a safe and pretty neighbourhood. Only three minutes from Shepherd's Market with all its nice restaurants; especially the 16-year-old loved that! A Tesco Express and a Marks &amp; Spencer Food are very close nearby.I liked the newly painted corridors with walls and carpets in 'cafe latte' colours. Quiet corridors and elevators. Staff is nice and friendly.We paid approx GBP 135 per night for this apartment, incl the extra bed and VAT. Very reasonable for such a location and space in the busy Easter week.Would definitely come again and ask for a room facing the yard once again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Not worth it	This was the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at in 20 years of traveling. The front desk missed a wake up call for my co-worker and then missed my wake up call on the day that I was supposed to fly out. They lied to me and told me that someone called from my room and canceled my wake up call. I was the only person staying in my room, so this was definitely not true.The rooms were disgusting. There was toothpaste all over my sink. Theshower had NO water pressure and went from hot to cold so fast that Ihad to keep jumping out from under the water. The sheets were cheap and dirty. There were marks on them, which looked like someone's makeup had been smeared on them. They claim to have an internet connection, but it only actually works in the lobby, not in the rooms. Do not stay here.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great location	We spent 5 nights here in June, 2006. After spending 4 days in a tiny Paris hotel room, we thought we had discovered a mansion in the 2 bedroom/2 bath apartment. Plenty of room for everyone to spread out, lots of closets, clean, nice bathrooms.. The best part though is the location. Mayfair is great, the tube was 1 block away and is a major hub leading to all parts of London, walk through Green Park 5 minutes to Buckingham Palace, Hard Rock several blocks away. I have to agree from other reviews that the beds are pretty bad. Thank goodness my husband is handy, because we had to get up in the middle of the night once and fix the bed because the mattress support kept collapsing in the middle of the bed. The dressers looked new, but were pretty cheap pressed wood and the doors kept falling apart. There was a lot of road noise, which we couldn't figure out... There isn't that much traffic, so it must just echo through the street. It is nice having someone at the front desk all the time and the hotel itself is very quiet. The laundry room is 1 washer and 1 dryer. There is a small grocery store several doors down and larger groceries 1-2 blocks away if you want to cook. Several pubs are close by. All in all, we'd love to stay here again because of the location and roomy apartment..	
Aug 14 2006 	Great Location Great service	We had a very nicely appointed 2 bedroom apartment with 2 bathrooms, ( not 5 Star ) The wireless internet was great so we checked online for directions,This property is in a location that is just great,we love shepherds market with cafe's etc, just 3 min. walk from the property, The concierge at the property was very helpful aranging for us hard to get Theater tickets,all the staff were very helpful,We fount this place very family friendly.	
Aug 4 2006 	Not too bad for Mayfair....	Had a month at the place. To stay in Mayfair for this price is fantastic even if the rooms are not fitted out that well - location is great. Try and get one of the rooms at the back as the road noise is quite bad. Staff are fine but the wireless connection in the room is hit and miss. Think we paid £110 a night - very good value...	
May 1 2006	Curzon Plaza Apt. Great location-- but overheated  terrible beds	Mayfair is probably the best neighborhood for a tourist to stay in. It is safe, has expensive shops, interesting architecture which is beautifully maintained, and is ideally located near Hyde Park, Green Park, and local transportation. Given London hotel prices, we felt lucky to get a 2 BR 1 bath apartment with kitchenette a week before departure for 150 pounds per night (plus 17.5% tax) at the Curzon Plaza Mayfair in mid-April through Easter weekend. It was arranged through Parkway London Apartments [-----]a very responsive service, conveniently with a U.S. phone number, that actually takes your dates and preferred location and finds you an apartment, unlike many online services that make you enter your information for each listing, wait for them to contact the owner, and then let you know after a few days that a listing is already booked. Nearby is a convenience grocery store, and a couple of blocks away are Marks &amp; Spencer's for groceries &amp; prepared foods and Sainsburys, a larger grocery store. We arrived hungry at 11 p.m., however, and couldn't find anything open.The Curzon Plaza apartments have obviously been renovated in recent years. The light wood floors seem new, the furniture is modern--2 leather chairs, 2 white fabric-covered couches, light wood &amp; metal dinette set, mini-blinds. Ours was pleasant and sunny, if basic (no pictures, decorative features; white couches a bit worn and stained). Sitting/dining room &amp; master BR were good sized, the 2nd BR very small. The TV only seemed to get a few SkyTV channels. We liked the apt. pretty well but had 3 main complaints: the beds, the heat, and the noise. We were traveling with teenage children, and we were expecting (perhaps erronously) to have a queen-size bed and 2 singles, but we got a double in one room and 2 singles pushed together as a King in a larger room; so the adults had to sleep in the double bed in the smaller room. (The 2 BR 2 Bath apts have 2 sets of singles set up as kings, but were not available &amp; cost 20 pounds more per night). The beds were like boxed springs with a quarter inch of padding over springs that were close to the surface--i.e., terrible. The rooms were overheated, not by radiators, which we did not turn on, but from pipes running through the walls. It was too noisy outside to keep the windows open. Even when closed, however, the windows provided little sound proofing, although they were double-glazed (cheaply). We were on a side street and once we finally got to sleep in spite of the astoundingly uncomfortable beds, excess heating and noise, awoke every morning around 5 to the sound of bottles crashing. Trucks, cars &amp; motorcycles zoomed constantly, and some nights there was music with a heavy bass until 1a.m. The rooms in the back are quieter, we were told. The bathroom was large (long &amp; narrow), but basic--with plain white tile and no decorative finishes, a small sink, no nearby shelf or counter, no soap or shampoo provided. It had a tub/shower with plastic curtain, which was OK. The towel warmer was a nice surprise. The kitchenette was closeted behind double doors off the sitting room, with a 4-burner cooktop, microwave, pop-up toaster (broken, replaced twice), very small fridge--which was completely iced over--sink, and an electric kettle. There was no coffee pot, spatula, can opener, cork screw, soap, sponge or dish towel, but otherwise it had the usual service for 4, a teapot, &amp; pots &amp; pans. The Curzon Plaza has little personality or ambience. The 24 hr. reception staff was not unpleasant but rather expressionless, and they did try to be helpful when asked. There is excellent maid service but only during the week. The hallways are rather grim, narrow, harshly lighted, cheaply and sloppily painted and carpeted in a monochrome pinky beige; on the doors, old hardware is combined with new, giving a down and out feeling.The location is hard to beat, and we had a great trip in spite of any shortcomings mentioned. It may be what one can expect of a 3 star apartment hotel.	
Apr 14 2006	Good location and price	I've used this place several times, and at one time my company had a long lease on an apartment here. The location is great - walking distance to Buckingham palace, Hyde Park, Oxford Street and Piccadilly.The service is basic, but very pleasant, and the staff are responsive to requests. If you are there long term, the cleaners seem to come less frequently. If you are there for a short stay, they clean every day, including your dishes.There's been a recent renovation, so the rooms generally look quite good, although the corridors look a little elderly. It was basically just a paint job, so the cookers, kitchens and bathrooms are not that modern, but they work fine. I don't think you can get a space this large, for this price (GBP 100 a night) so centrally. I was here with my wife and daughter, and we had plenty of space. If the alternative is cramming into a tiny hotel room for GBP 75 a night, I would definitely take the Curzon Plaza. It's not luxury, but if space really matters, I can't think of a better option.	
Mar 20 2006	Curzon Plaza so convenient	Though the apartments are rather spare, and the kitchen tiny, the location can't be beat. It's in Mayfair, 1 1/2 blocks from the Green park tube stop and a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace. We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom, 2 bath. I would guess this apt. had at least 1000 sq. feet. Be forewarned though, Curzon appears to be a shortcut between Park Lane and Piccadilly, so the cabs are buzzing round at all hours. Even on the 6th floor, we had a lot of street noise. The hotel itself though is very quiet, has wireless internet, laundry service, and a 24 hour desk staff.	
Jun 6 2009 	Curzon Plaza Luxery Appartments		
Nov 23 2008 	Valido ma...		
Sep 25 2008 	Kakalaken im Zimmer		
