Jul 7 2009 	Aww...... Bless them.....	These people try so hard!!! Bless them!I went to the Avonmore with a my mate Dave, we needed somewhere to put our heads down in between getting drunk and watching Blur in Hyde Park - and that was it. For 50 quid a night in the centre of London i really didnt expect much so i thought the Avonmore was fine.The staff are flippin lovely, the slightly camp fella on reception always had a smile on his face and a genuinely interesting line of chat for us. The foreign lady who ran the breakfast room was smart, alert and fairly efficient. She could do with a pen and pad though as she kept forgetting our order - but then again we were speaking English and it's obviously not her strongest point. They all felt genuine that was the main thing, like they actually gave a damn about the place. Most chain/franchise style cheap hotel's staff look like they're paid to grin inanely and make crap small talk nowadays.The hotel itself? Hmmm.... well..... You cant polish a turd but you can keep it clean and tidy. The decor was tired and mismatched, the furniture even more so - apart form the beds actually which were very comfy! The ensuite was bloody awful (but clean!), the shower curtain was minging and it was hard to sit on the loo without banging your knees on the opposite wall. Plus the fan didnt work so a bog the size of an understairs cupboard gets very hot, very quickly! We thought all the furniture was crooked till we realised the floor was actually sloping in from the edges as all the joists are obviously bowing with the age of the place. I've got a bigger screen on my mobile than the telly in the room too, plus the wardrobe only had 3 (mismatched - natch) coat hangers in it. The room was in fact tiny - especially since it was supposed to be a triple! The view was bloody awful too - but then again it is central London.So in summary? It's a dump. But it's a CLEAN dump, with lovely staff, comfy beds, and a great cooked breakfast all for 50 quid a night. If you're after a romantic break or even a family friendly base - avoid. If you need somewhere to get a kip in between racing around the heady sights of London you really have got a diamond in the rough here.	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice hotel free WIFI within easy walking distance to centre	Secured my stay for an excellent cost, considering it was Valentine's weekend. We stayed on the top floor, although there was a steep climb, this didn't cause any problems . The bedroom was en-suite, with tea/coffee facilities. The room was clean, comfortable, with free WIFI access, which is very rare in a hotel - well done!. The breakfast provided was of excellent quality with fresh toast. Other options were cereal, yoghurts, fresh fruit and a selection of fruit juices. The reception staff were polite, helpful - these had been excellent in the past when I had e-mailed for advice/information, prior to my travel. A good place to stay, if your needs are simple and you're on a tight budget.	
Nov 2 2008 	OK but no great shakes	Friendly people, helpful with directions and travel information. Good location eg for Eurostar, Tube, British Museum and Oxford Street. Clean but very basic, eg no clothes hooks in the bathroom, no bedside lamps, blankets not duvets etc. A bit overheated. Breakfast standard B&amp;B fare.	
Apr 5 2008 	Friendly staff fair service for a room in this location and price range.	For this price in London you have to expect small rooms and having to carry your cases up the stairs. My boyfriend and I stayed here for only one night and I wouldn't want to stay here for a week, but for what we wanted it was fine. We stayed on the very top floor and there was a bit of a climb up a slim staircase to get there. The bathroom we were given was across the hall but we were given a key to maintain privacy so this was fine. It could do with some modernisation but was clean and comfortable. The breakfast provided was basic however we were offered refills of tea/coffee and fresh toast, other options were cereal and fresh fruit. The bloke that checked us in was polite and helpful and told us in peak season they offered a full English breakfast. A good place to stay for one or two nights if your needs are simple and you're on a tight budget.	
Apr 3 2008 	probably not again	The smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in during more than 15 years of business travel. Staff was very kind and helpful but the crammed room made for an uncomfortable stay. No space to put my (hand luggage size) suitcase without tripping over it. Ventilator in my bathroom was not working so everything steamed up rapidly after every shower. Location was great and price was low but will look for other options the next time I'm in the area.	
Jun 22 2007 	Beware you have the right one!	There are 2 Avonmore hotels in London. One on Avonmore Rd (3 star) and one in Cartwright Gardens (terrible). Unfortunately for me I didn't appreciate this when reading the reviews and was booked into the Cartwright Gdns one. This was terrible. The staff may have been friendly but it didn't make up for tired and worn decor, old and shabby rooms. The room had not even as much as a telephone or bedside light. Make sure you choose the correct one as I suspect most reviews relate to the 3 star hotel. On the same street at the same prices are clean and modern hotels if this suits your budget. I'm not fussy but this is the worst I have ever been too; we spent the evening trawling around other hotels to book in. This was booked for a course. We cancelled for the second visit to the course and found somthing much better!	
Feb 17 2007 	Didn't follow through on the price	We were promised a triple room at a reasonable rate, then 2 days before our arrival were told that they couldn't give us that rate anymore, so put us in a double room for the same price. Couldn't find anything else so were stuck there. They said a taxi would cost around $60.00 (Ameican money) and it cost $100.00 Rooms had poor mattresses, food was fair. Staff was not helpful in giving us advice on seeing London, other than giving us some brochures.They insisted we pay them with cash.	
Dec 25 2006 	Wonderful friendly staff	Great location. Worn rooms but very clean and friendly. Highly recommended!	
Oct 7 2009 	hotel sobre mais tout à fait correct		
Jun 23 2009 	Un hôtel pour une semaine grand max mais pas plus		
Jan 28 2009 	Fantastico!!!		
Oct 25 2008 	ok...mit einigen Abstrichen		
Mar 28 2008 	Per chi interessa restare in zona Russell square		
Mar 11 2008 	Camas horribles		
