Aug 10 2009 	Filthy and very rude staff	That's one of the worst accommodation I've ever had. I arrived at midnight and the reception guy yelled at us to let him sleep and not to ask so many questions about the restrooms, towels, soap and shampoo. The breakfast was uneatable and the reception guy which was the &quot;chef&quot; as well was cleaning the tables and washing his hair in the same time. It was unbelivable. We've stayed for three nights, the sheets were never changed and we hardly had some soap for the bathroom and no shampoo at all. I strongly wouldn't recommend this &quot;hotel&quot;. Any hostel I've been so far has millions better services than Bakers.	
Aug 1 2009 	Worst place Ive ever stayed	We stayed in room 3- only just about fitted two single beds in there. Website was not clear that there was communal bathrooms, which had other guests wet towels on the floor, mould on the silicone in the shower, no toilet roll in the bathroom. No towels provided, had to ask for one,when beds were made no clean towels were provided the wets ones were folded onto the bed,when we asked for a clean one we were told we only get one per person per stay and if we wanted another one we would have topay £1 each!!! Ploystyrene cups in room. Had avery bad odour as you walked into the hotel of an evening.	
May 15 2009 	You get what you pay...	We had room no.3 thats the first floor.Negative:The room is very small, fits 2 beds and a luggage, and some little space of standing.Its dirty, you'll see some dirts on the closet, hair on the beds, and dirty tea-bags with nothing covering it, cause they are for free.The bathroom/wc, its on the floor under, and you have to share it with other people.Positive:Bakers hotel is near Victoria station, about 5min of walking.We only went for a short trip,so we just needed a place to sleep.So you get what you pay, no 5 star hotel.Wondering if they even change the bed-clothing, or just maked the bed so it seemed to be nice.When you pay cash, get the receipt, or they will not give you unless you ask for it.The breakfast, I didnt wanted to see it...	
Mar 9 2009 	Cheapest around - and not as bad as everyone says!	I recently stayed at the Bakers Hotel with my girlfriend for one night. Our stay was fine! I've read some horror stories from here but our stay was adequate, cheap and friendly enough. The room was clean and pretty spacious, and we only paid £30 for a night there - the cheapest we could find around Victoria. The location was excellent, only a 5 minute walk away from the bus and coach station. I would recommend it.	
Jan 10 2009 	Beware	If you go in winter avoid this place. There is absolutely no heating - not in the rooms, not in the shared bathroom. It is freezing cold. I cannot imagine that this is legal in the UK.This is not a budget hotel - it is like spending the night in the open, like a hobo.	
Nov 2 2008 	adequate at best	On the positive side, its located near a tube, is in a safe area and the breakfast is decent. That said, the hotel itself leaves something to be desired. The rooms are very small and kind of dirty. The hot water is only on at certain times in the morning and night. And when my husband and I arrived in the afternoon after a ten hour flight, I was pretty ticked off because all I wanted was a shower. The room was cheap so I wasn't expecting it to be the Ritz, but it was a bit of a disappointment. If you need a cheap place, Bakers Hotel is adequate.	
Oct 4 2008 	Good location but very basic	my husband and i had only one night in london as a layover between flights so all we wanted was a basic inexpensive hotel that was convenient to get to. i booked about 3 weeks in advance but found that most hotels in the Victoria Station area were already booked. Bakers hotel was the least expensive one I could find that was open. The location is excellent. And easy walk from Victoria station. The neighborhood is very nice, very clean and felt safe. Not what you would usually expect near a major train-bus station.the hotel was indeed basic. The best thing was the staff was very friendly. The worst thing was that it was not very clean. Especially the bathrooms, which were just not clean. We had a room in the basement. Smelled of heating gas. Room had a small sink. Bathrooms are on the first and second floor. They do not have hot water until 6pm. In bedroom the top blanket was not very clean but sheets seemed okay once I took that off.FOr the price I know that I can not expect much and it was not terrible. But I do think that next time I am in london I will try to find somewhere else.(it was nice that they allowed us to put our bags at the hotel prior to check in time. I know some other budget hotels charge extra for this. FOr example, easyhotel wanted to charge us 5 pounds per bag to leave luggage. Plus easyhotel also charged extra for towels and use of TV. This was all included at Bakers Hotel)	
Sep 10 2008 	Will be coming back	The reception was nice, smiley faces all around. Good bed. Clean. Bathrooms ok. We stayed there during the Bank holiday weekend. Breakfast was basic, so we went to Sainsbury's to get us some really nice breafast and ate at the hotel. Generally pleasant atmosphere, not pretentious at all	
Sep 1 2008 	Great help from staff nice facility	My wife and her friend and I stayed here for a night in August. We were only going to be in london for a day, so we wanted to see some of the sights and not spend all of our time traveling. The place is easy to find from Victoria Station, and it is in a neighborhood that is full of other similar hotel/B&amp;Bs. The proprietor was very helpful with local information. We asked about nearby food and he sent us three blocks down (between the hotel and Victoria) to a row of several restaurants. We ate at a mexican place (that's the global economy for you) but there were also indian places and even a grocery store, though it was a little bit further down.The room we stayed in had two double beds, and it was on the very top floor. It seemed like it was around 3 levels above the street. The carpet in the rooms and common areas seemed almost new, as did the paint and furnishings. The sheets were crisp and white, though no towels were provided. The bathroom was a half-level below us and was in good shape. The water pressure was good and hot water seemed plentiful.The only thing that didn't work in the room was the little lamps on the wall, but that was not a problem.The next morning we went to the basement for breakfast. The selections were toast made from sliced white bread, a bran flake cereal and a corn flake cereal. Drinks were orange juice and milk, and there might have been a few other things.Our host asked us if we needeed tickets for our sightseeing adventure, and we weren't sure what to think of his offer. We did indeed need tickets, but we weren't sure if we would be better off buying from him or buying directly. He said that his prices were the same, so we had him book us on the original bus tour and buckingham palace. This turned out to be a great idea, because we were able to redeem the vouchers that he gave us with no trouble at all. At the palace there were two lines, and since we already had vouchers, our line was much shorter. If I had any complaints about being there it would be about the exchange rate between the pound and dollar, and that doesn't have anything to do with the hotel! In fact, the very reasonable rate helped with that too. We would stay again, mostly because of the price, condition of the rooms, and the price, and the helpful host.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great for the money	I stayed two nights at Bakers Hotel a couple of weeks ago. I needed a budget place near Victoria Station. For the price (around $80 single which is very cheap for London), I was pleasantly surprised. The single rooms are very small but comfortable. The place was freshly painted and the bathrooms renovated so it was very clean. Breakfast was simple but ok. The staff was pleasant and very helpful.	
Aug 11 2008 	Appreciated Bakers Hotel	We just stayed at Bakers Hotel and was very pleased for the price in expensive London. The hotel is located on a safe, easy almost level 5 - 7 minute walk from Victoria Metro Station and a bit longer from Victoria Coach Station. Upon checking in, Sol, was very helpful the entire time we were there. He ordered tickets for our museum visits, explained the bus system/where to eat dinner, and made us a pleasing breakfast of cereal, toast/jelly and breakfast drinks. The hotel is situated in a very quiet neighborhood in which we got two good nights' sleep. The hotel gives one a key that opens a strong safe door to come and go at will.In addition, the hotel is within a very easy walk to the Theater Apollo on Victoria.Yes, it is a budget hotel, but we were very pleased with what it had to offer for the price in a very expensive city. We will stay there again and recommend it to all of our friends.	
May 24 2008 	Dont listen to other reviewers this place is great!!!!	I found Baker's Hotel through Rick Steve's London 2008 book. My boyfriend and I were on a 2 week trip, with a week in both London and Dublin. As we have JUST finished college we had a very strict budget. The price is what drew me to Baker's Hotel in the first place. We had a triple room (their double was already booked so they gave us a good rate) for 48 pounds per night. Since my boyfriend and I were splitting everything, this was a GREAT deal.Everyone needs to realize that if you're going to stay in central London you're going to pay a very high price, ESPECIALLY with exchange rates as they are. 48 pounds sounds like a lot when its converted to USD but in relation to anything else you could find, its fantastic.First off, I know a lot of reviewers complained about the owner but we have nothing but WONDERFUL things to say about him. We showed up at the hotel at 10am after flying in overnight from Chicago. We were dead to the world. He asked that we give him enough time to get the room clean and then we could check in. We were in within a couple hours even though check in wasn't until 2. He helped us book our sightseeing tour (and gave us a discount), he checked us in online for our flight, and gave us advice on what to see and do each day. He also set up a private taxi to get us to the airport for MUCH less than we paid to get there and knocked on our door at 5am when the taxi arrived. He was great and he doesn't deserve all the slander he has received from other reviewers.As I mentioned before, the hotel is cheap so you shouldn't expect the red carpet to be rolled out for you. We had no problem with our room. We had a double bed which was plenty for the two of us, space to put our luggage, a sink and mirror, a window that opened onto a small balcony, a small closet, a couple chairs, and a tv. All we needed was a place to sleep as we spent the majority of the day sightseeing. The breakfast in the morning is very simple, cereal, toast, juice, etc. It was just the perfect amount to get us energized for the day until mid afternoon when we had lunch. The owner was down there and chatted with us while we ate.Victoria Coach Station and Victoria Train Station are about a 5 minute walk. It was incredibly convenient and everything goes to Victoria. We were able to catch our tour bus at the Coach station and all of our tube routes from Victoria. You're also in walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Hyde Park.The ONLY negative thing I could say about this hotel would be that they charge to loan you a towel (we bought some souvenier towels and used those) and they charge to use the internet (like most hotels do, although you can usually find an unsecure wireless signal if you search hard enough).We stayed for 6 nights and had a fantastic time! Dont come here if youre expecting special ammenities and room service. This hotel is great for people that just need a place to sleep. The owner is a really really nice guy I will definitely be back next time Im in London.	
May 12 2008 	TRAVELER BEWARE This place STINKS!!!	With our three night stay at this hotel completing our two week trip to Europe, we had high hopes based on the excellent success we had using other 'budget' hotels during the trip. We consider ourselves very flexible travelers that can easily adapt to various conditions. This hotel/BB left us very disappointed and angry.First, when you walk in, the 'Lobby' is completely cluttered with personal stuff and closed/locked most of the time. Not sure how many family/friends permanently stay there. If you return in the evening, you will see the manager and a host of friends/family in the 'Lobby' crouched in the dark around the TV.We stayed in Quad room in basement the first two nights. The room was dirty, the bed coverings were filthy, the lights over the sink didn't work, and there was a constant odor of natural gas in the hallway. When you are using the shared bathroom (a tiny closet with folding door containing toilet, sink and 2x2 shower stall), you can sit there and enjoy the mold on the walls or count the bugs walking around your feet. We came back after our second day out to find the bathroom floor soaked from toilet overflow.OK, it's a budget hotel, maybe a little dirt or grime can be excused. However, grime added with a nasty hotel manager can not. Not sure if this middle Eastern kid is a friend or relative of the owner, but his people and service skills are abysmal at best. Without ever raising an issue about the grime or smell, at breakfast the first morning, my wife came into the dining 'nook' about 10-15 minutes before serving time was to end. We were curtly told we would have to get there earlier the following morning if we wanted to be served. Being 'served' consists of helping yourself to juice or coffee, one of two choices of cereal flakes, and then having him standing there manning the toaster (while glowering at you as you eat) for your 2-slice ration of white bread toast. After three nights, and a mandatory change of rooms on the third night, do you think we could have been spared a single clean towel?? Not without an extra charge! Common, for 70 pounds a night, they can't spare even one of their cheap and flimsy towels?Oh, and if you want to use their WiFi, pony up some more pounds for that as well. When I asked to speak to the owner, I was told I could not because he was &quot;at work&quot; and could not be reached.Our last night, two of the three shared bathrooms were out of commission and I heard grumbling from other guests that they didn't have any towels.Bottom line, this place is a bit grubby with a nasty-ass kid running the place. BEWARE!!! Sorry Rick Steve, you blew it on this one. There are so many other nicer choices in the same neighborhood or even closer to Victoria Station.	
Mar 25 2008 	Do not stay at this hotel	These people should be embarrassed to run this establishment as a hotel. It is absolutely horrendous. We arrived at around 8.30pm and were told we had to pay immediately by cash, without any explanation as to why. When we said we had no cash, rather than offer an alternative the guy on reception (who had no customer service skills at all) simply told us where there were some cash points. Half an hour later we, once we had got cash and paid, he told us we weren't actually staying there but at their 'sister' hotel around the corner. We then walked around 3 blocks (the receptionist did not offer to help us - 2 females - with our bags, what a gentleman). We then arrived at another hotel and were shown to our room.The room was hideous, filthy carpet, stains on the bed covers, tatty old furniture. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting, i wouldn't bathe my dog in there - stained tiles, rusty shower fitting. The towels were grey (from grime). Worse than this was the feeling that neither we, nor our belongings, were safe (there was a notice on the door saying not to leave valuables in the room). We decided that we really did not want to stay there and walked all the way back to the main reception to ask for a refund as we wouldn't be staying, on the grounds that the room was filthy and nothing like the pictures on the website. We were told that wasn't possible as we hadn't said anything when we first went in the room (even though he had just dumped us in the room and left immediately before we had time to take in the full horror of our accomodation). We weren't prepared to stay in the hotel so we had to walk away minus £85 as we were refused a refund. The whole experience was horrendous, i cannot warn travellers away from this hotel strongly enough.	
Mar 14 2008 	"Hotel"? You're joking!	This is most definitely not a hotel, but a B &amp; B – and a rather cheap and nasty one at that. Where do I start? Well, with the fact that the website I booked the room through makes a point of the fact that the “hotel” is close to Victoria Station…it’s a good ten minutes walk, and that’s if you’re fit and healthy and only carrying an overnight bag – I hate to think what it would be like for anyone who was more mature or burdened with heavy luggage. Speaking of heavy luggage, that would be another reason to avoid this place – the stairs are very narrow (almost dangerously so if you have a top floor room), and there’s no lift. Now moving on to my room – curtains that were hanging off the rail by two rings, styrofoam cups to make tea and coffee in, a wardrobe with no door that slanted almost thirty degrees away from the wall, taps that were not fastened to the sink and threatened to come off in my hand, and a hairdryer but no soap or towels…there was dust on every exposed surface, something had splattered on one wall and not been wiped off – and I was too afraid to look under the bed! It's lucky that all the guy in the next room did was snore, because the walls were so thin you could hear everything. There seemed to be only one communal bathroom, which looked pretty grim by the time I went to use it at eleven p.m – needless to say, no soap or towels in there either. I was not given any information as to what time breakfast was served, but to be honest I wouldn’t have touched it with a bargepole anyway after seeing the state of my room and the bathroom…I left shortly after 8 a.m and went to my favourite café in Covent Garden instead; on the way out of the “hotel”, I encountered the gentleman who’d checked me in the night before – whose customer service skills only extended as far as barking “key” at me when he saw me coming down the stairs. I paid £35, which was apparently a discounted rate, and I still felt I’d been ripped off – I have stayed in London B &amp; Bs for this amount and been perfectly happy, but it’s grotty places like Bakers Hotel that give the London hospitality industry a bad name, and I can’t advise you to avoid this establishment strongly enough.	
Feb 5 2008	Bakers Hotel 'pearl among swine'	BAKERS HOTEL VICTORIALONDON SW1 4JAOne up for Bakers Hotel, I am writing to throughly recommend Bakers having experienced some of the nearby located alternates, this hotel wins hands down.So central, clean beyond a doubt with helpful staff, I stayed after selling my property in London two years ago and was just about to recommend to friends who wanted some place to stay in London.Some of the negative comment about this hotel was not acceptable on reviews I read- small- it is a typical London style town-house tall and narrow. Not central? unless you want to stay with the Queen, can't get anymore central for the price.I am a Londoner born and bred so take it from me ,Bakers is a 'pearl among swine' try the others accommadation aroundabout, you'll run back to 126, Warwick Way, Victoria. JA TillyerAntalya TURKEY	
Jan 28 2008 	Filthy Hotel	Where to start?? This hotel has become the ongoing joke of our tales about our month long Europe trip.We arrived early in the morning, and were greeted by the surly man (the owner's son, I think) who seems to run the hotel. Despite his unprofessional demeanour, we were appreciative of his willingness to store our luggage whilst we went out exploring.Upon checking into our room later in the day, several surprises were awaiting us:1. The rooms are tiny! Two twin beds (interestingly described as a double on the website), a small tv and a sink which hangs precariously off the wall. Luggage needs to be stratgically placed in the room so that the door is still able to be opened.2. The shared bathrooms are filthy. We were expecting budget, and have absolutely no problem with shared bathrooms, however they should be (a) heated in the middle of winter, (b) clean, (c) toilet paper is handy as well.3. The linen.... my bed had an apparently clean bottom sheet, however through the sheet a HUGE blood stain on the mattress protector was clearly visible. I tried not to allow my imagination to run away with me on that one...4. The complimentary used condoms under my husband's bed.... seriously, three used and tied up condoms just sitting there.... just another example of the disgraceful hygiene standards of this &quot;hotel&quot;.5. The very unusual smell.... I'm thinking it was mould, I came across similar smells in the dungeons of prominent historical landmarks, such as the prison in the basement of Edinburgh castle. The tonnes of lavender airfreshener used by the owners just add some subtle floral notes to the mould....I really could go on, but I think this gives a fair overview of our experience at Baker's. Yes, the place is cheap, but money is not always the most important factor, especially when you're sleeping above someone else's condoms. Spend just a bit extra elsewhere for comfort and peace of mind.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great value for money in Westminster!	I arrived 8:30am at the hotel after an 11-hr flight from Johannesburg. Needless to say, I was brain dead and needed sleep asap. The usual check in time at the hotel is 14:00, but the guy on duty was so kind as to check me in at 9:30am. I was sooooo pleased! I stayed in room 5. It's small, but clean and a view of St George's Street. Luckily I always travel with ear plugs and an eye mask, so the traffic noise didn't bother me. Very good value for money in the posh City of Westminster. The hotel is a mere 5-min walk from Victoria bus station, which is really convenient, as I had to catch a bus to Stansted airport at 4:00am after my stay. The shower and toilet were downstairs and really clean - Scandinavian standard! I will definitely stay here again. It's a safe, clean and great place to crash in the evening after partying and exploring all the great sites in London.	
Dec 16 2007 	Pay a little more for a better hotel in the same area.	I booked this hotel after reading many favorable reviews on Trip Advisor. I knew it was an economy hotel and I was not expecting much. Unfortunalely, they didn't really live up to my low expectations.I booked a single room with a shared bath. That's OK. I'm used to that in many of the cities I stay in Europe. All I really expect is a clean room and an even cleaner bathroom. This place had neither.A few minutes after getting into my room, the front desk attendant, knocked on my door asking if he could vacuum the floor. I let him, as there were several traces of the last guest. This was a bit awkward, because the room was about the size of a broom closet.It had a sink and a television mounted very high up on the wall. I found out later that a remote for the television required a 10 pound deposit. I opted not to have a remote, since I wasn't planning on watching a whole lot of television anyway. I just found it a bit rude, since I had already paid for three days in advance. Is the black-market for television remotes still that strong?I also paid 3 pounds for wireless internet access, which only worked for half of my stay. When it went down, the front desk agent said, &quot;Yeah, sorry.&quot; Then he suggested I steal a signal from one of the surrounding apartments. I didn't ask for a refund, because the cash I had paid him went straight into his pocket and wasn't coming out.The bathroom, which took some getting to, was small, cold and cleaned with very little care. The shower was luke-warn, at best. It made an uncomfortable chore out of getting ready for the day.The location was good, but there are so many hotels in that area that, next time, I will gladly pay more for a few of the basic comforts. I know you can't always luck out when taking the budget route, but you should, at least, get a clean bathroom.I would strongly advise against staying at this &quot;hotel&quot;.	
Oct 22 2007 	good value and good location	Stayed in Bakers' hotel near Victoria station for 2 nights, got a sigle room on 1 st floor, small as I expected but very clean. Bath room just couple stairs down. Good normal breakfast - toast jam, cereal juice milk coffee and tea. Service was good and helpful , and I was allowed to leave my luggages till late afternoon then took a Victoria Coach bus(just 10 min. walk) to Gatwick. Highly recommand if you are on budget.	
Sep 22 2007 	Decent stay at Bakers	II stayed here for 7 nights at the end of May with two of my friends. We basically picked it because it got good reviews as well as being cheap (we are 3 20-year olds on a tight budget). The location was good, right near Victoria Station which made it convenient going places.We were in the triple (room 7 I believe) and it was cramped with just enough room for all of our suitcases. The 3 beds were pushed together which surprised me but it was fine. Upon arriving we were welcomed by the son and since it was too early to get to our room we were allowed to leave our stuff in the locked lobby area. He was also kind enough to tell us where the bathrooms were so we could freshen up a bit. While the room was simple, it suited us for what we wanted: cheap, kind of centrally located, breakfast, and just a place to sleep at night. In order to enjoy the time spent in this B &amp; B you need to spend the day out of the room. Every day we left around 9 to sight see and be tourists around London, we didn’t need a nice room since we weren’t planning on spending time in it.My only suggestions if you stay here:-ask for a towel (they are not in the room or bathroom, we had to ask for 3 and we used them for the full week)-if you don’t like noise bring earplugs (there is traffic outside every night which didn’t bother me since I was used to the sounds of Boston but bothered my 2 friends)-bring shoes to walk to and from the bathroom (down a flight of stairs)-be prepared for minimal options for breakfast: toast, corn flakes, bran flakes, oj, tea, instant coffeeI would probably stay here again because you can’t beat the price and overall I had a good experience.	
Sep 12 2007	Bakers Hotel Victoria	Stayed in the VERY cramped top floor single 'bedroom' for 2 nights. OK if you just want a place to bed down without any frills. Bathroom is 2 flights of stairs below and inconvenient. Continental breakfast is adequate and prepared by mildly grumpy owner's son/receptionist. I complained about window locks not permitting means of escape in case of emergency from this cramped room	
Sep 9 2007	Very Basic Hotel Centrally Located	I stayed here for a week in November 2006. I chose it from Rick Steves London because of the very cheap (for London) price and proximity to Victoria Station. I stayed in the topmost single room, tiny number 10, up many, many stairs. Being over 50, I was out of breath every time I made the climb. It was a tiny room with a little sink, a hair dryer, hot water maker, a teeny tiny wardrobe, a window, and a narrow little bed, which they made up neatly every day. My suitcase went on the floor (no table or chair) and there was just barely enough room for it. The carpet was stained. But generally it looked as though effort was made to keep things clean and tidy in the hotel. My room was adjacent to another room at the top of the stairs and this was noisy when the occupants would unlock their door, or talk, or have the TV on. I used earplugs every night (and Ambien) and slept fine. The weather was chilly, but the room was pleasantly warm. The shared bathroom was down a flight of stairs - which was a negative for me. It was kept pretty clean for the heavy usage it got (hotel was full, even in November). I never figured out how to get a fresh towel, so I used the same one all week. Breakfast (in the basement) was spartan and after 7 days there I was real tired of it: white bread toast, butter and jam, corn or bran flakes, milk, OJ, tea, or instant coffee. It was fuel though, so I ate my fill every day. It seemed to be a safe neighborhood (I walked home alone every night, though not very late). I noticed that young Winston Churchill lived in a building nearby on the walk to the station (look for the blue circle marker denoting &quot;a famous person lived here&quot;).	
Aug 15 2007 	Don't stay too long and it's okay!	I'll just recap our thoughts...-The staff is very courteous and accomodating. -We didn't like paying upon arrival. We would have preferred paying when we left. -We (two girls in our 20's) felt like we needed to follow each other to the bathroom to feel more safe. -We wish we would have brought our own sheets. -The TV didn't work, neither did a couple of the lights in the room. -The doorknob to the room was broken so you had to use the key to get in every time. -The closest plug to the sink and mirror is 10 feet away so you can't really see while getting ready. -It doesn't smell the greatest in the whole place.-We felt uncomfortable a couple of mornings when we heard two people arguing and fighting while (we assume) cleaning the rooms.-Also, if you don't like the idea of sharing a bathroom with people you do not know I would not recommend staying here. -It is close to Victoria Station which we thought was really great.-For London the price was decentWe stayed at this b and b for 6 nights and I think it was a little too long of a stay. For one or two nights I think I could have given a better review but after 6 nights...well, we started to feel like we could no longer be positive. We felt misled by the pictures on the website. We understand that they are trying to show what is nice about this place but they clearly put pictures up of the nicest room and the nicest bathroom.	
Jul 14 2007	Dont take a cat there's no room to swing it..	Tiny (and i mean tiny) little room on the top - the size of a shoebox. A Broken sink...one single teabag with no milk. No shower in the room. No towels or soap in the bathroom, noise from the street, roasting hot room....etc etcwouldnt stay at this dump again if Tripadvisor picked me up in a horsedrawn carriage and paid me to lodge there...AvoidCheap isnt always cheerful	
Jul 11 2007 	Ok for a cheaper hotel and within walking distance of Victoria Station	Stayed here for 5 nights with daughters 14 and 7 years old. Had the basement quad room which was a double bed in the middle of the room with two singles on either side, a tv on the wall, a table and small sink. No top sheet on any of the beds so that was surprising and not mentioned in other reviews. The bedding was not fresh other than the bottom sheet. Bathroom at the end of the hall was tiny with a tiny shower but it was fine if you are a shower person. Hotel is close to a semi busy street and street noise/traffic is noteworthy (bring earplugs if you like quiet nights). We also noticed the smell in the basement. There was a nice hot water pot on the shelf so we made hot tea and boiled water for our water bottles each night. Breakfast was ok - cereal (no sugary kinds), toast with jams, and some orange juice, milk, or coffee. This hotel is close to a laundrymat and a brochure for it was near the office. It is also quite close to a large grocery called Sainsbury (smaller version of this store in Victoria station). We found lots of reasonably priced breads, fruit, and hot deli items in the bigger Sainsbury store. Perfect for budget travelers like us and you can easily pick up hot or cold, good, and cheap dinner here every day . Would use this hotel again since the location is so near to Victoria Station but would bring hostel sheets. A cheap and comfortable bus picks up at Victoria station and goes to Oxford regularly (the London Tube bus and kids were free as was WiFi), and also had a pickup/drop off spot for the two major London hop on/off tour busses.	
Jun 16 2007 	Small Triple Room	We reserved a triple room for 3 nights and were disappointed with how small the room was. There were 3 twin beds pushed together, a sink, a small chair and small cabinet (about 18' wide) with a few hangers. We had to remove the chair and stack our suitcases on top of one another to open the door. The room was clean, the price was good for London, the staff was courteous and the location was great. Even with these advantages, the fact that we were so cramped wasn't worth it.	
Jun 3 2007	Adequate Accommodations	We arrived in London at Victoria Station late at night. From there it was easy to find Bakers, using only an address and a large map on the wall. It is situated down a quiet lane, in a neighborhood exclusively made up of hotels, all of which look identical. We rang the bell, and an old Indian woman answered, grinning widely and beckoning us in. With various gestures, she directed us to our room--in the basement, through a door, and off a long, strange-smelling hallway. The room was a quad, large enough, with a window looking up to the street. The beds sported somewhat objectionable purple blankets with small stains, but the sheets were clean and comfortable. Overall, the room was plain and unexciting.The bathroom was at the end of the hall, through a door marked Fire Escape, and was large enough to fit two small corpses with a little shoving. The shower was clean, but tall individuals will hit their heads on the shower head, and clumsy individuals will knock off the soap dispenser. Not a pleasant experience, but an educational one.Breakfast was served in a small room at the other end of the basement. It was presided over by Sohil, who made toast. Also available were corn flakes, coffee, tea, and orange juice. The meal was bleak but did the job.We checked out in the morning but needed a place to leave our luggage till that night, and Sohil was kind enough to keep it past 6:00, on the condition that we let him arrange the taxi to take us to LTN that night. We agreed, as we had been wanting to take a classic London cab anyway. We all joked that we would end up getting one of the pink ones, never dreaming that we would end up in a different type of car altogether. The driver tried to take us on tours and charge us extra, and nearly broke down.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great stay at Bakers Hotel	A group of 4 of us stayed at the Bakers Hotel this past weekend for two nights. We stayed in a quad room, which was on the top floor so we had tons of stairs to climb with our heavy luggage. That was not a surprise though, and that was the only negative about our stay. The room was clean, and a decent enough size, fairly small, but really all we needed. There were two shared washrooms with showers to use. Although the hotel was at full capacity when we were there we never had to wait to use them. The water pressure was very good and it was hot. The receptionist was very nice and helpful, and we were able to store our luggage with them before we checked in and after we checked out. We never went down for the free breakfast as we aren't really breakfast people so I can't comment on that. The location of the hotel was the main reason for us choosing it, it was an easy walk to Victoria station, and you could also walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben etc. Overall we had a great stay and would come back to this hotel if we were in London again. For the price we paid it was excellent.	
Jul 15 2006	Close to Victoria Station	The hotel was close to Victoria station (5 minutes walk). Hotel staff was friendly and room was clean. Linens were only changed once in the week we stayed there. Room was in the basement and HOT (no airconditioning or fan and only a little window). Breakfast was boring, but the coffee was wonderful.	
Mar 10 2006	nice clean and very friendly staff	Nice and clean rooms. very friendly and welcoming staff. located in the center of london. breakfast room is small but neat and clean.	
Oct 20 2009 	ci torniamo di sicuro!!		
Aug 11 2009 	Satisfaisant		
Jun 29 2009 	El peor antro de todo Londres		
May 28 2009 	Lo único bueno la ubicación		
May 1 2009 	Hotel sucio		
Apr 25 2009 	Soddisfatte: Posizione ottimale economico e staff veramente gentile!		
Feb 8 2009 	b		
Dec 12 2008 	da evitare		
Aug 17 2008 	Gutes Preis/Leistungsverhältnis		
Jul 30 2007 	hotel loin de la station de métro		
