Jan 30 2009	never again ...e ver	I would rather sleep in heathrow than sleep here. I should have walked away but maybe the cheapness of the room and the good location encouraged methe receptionist sat behind the desk, an old woman with a towel around her shoulders, horrible reception, chinese woman with children running about in short skirtsThe bedroom was ok, moudly bathroom I washed my hair in the sink the shower was just a no go area. my bed was ok but I didnt feel safe or clean! I slept in my coat. do not stay here	
May 8 2008 	Bogging Midden of a place!	We ended up here due to the hotel our band had been booked into &quot;the bluebell&quot; being totally idiots &amp; double booking us. The rooms we were given (only after we were interviewed by a large lady wrapped in a very large towel) were tatty &amp; smelled of something unsavoury, Thank God we only stayed 2 nights. I say 2 nights but the second night we decided to sleep in our van it was more comfortable &amp; alot less smelly. The staff were dreadful the breakfast was dreadful unless you think a full english consists of Egg &amp; beans uncooked toast i.e bread &amp; a cup of cornflakes yeuch!!! Please for the good of mankind Health Inspectors close this Hovel I mean hotel!!!	
Oct 12 2007 	what you expect for that price ?	i was in this hotel by two nights and don't it's so bad as i read in previous reviews, my room was clean and heating was working which is very important in London and bed was comfortable. of course that in general the hotel is not special but by 35 £ is what you can find normally in Earl's Court. this is a kind of hotel to go to sleep after an amusement or working day, (not looking to details).i like to stay in Earl's court area 'cause i can move quickly in every directions in London mostly by underground, it has a large varirety of restaurants until late and it's a very busy area 'till late, you can find minimarkest till late which doesn't happens in expensive places .	
Oct 5 2007 	bad!	Took one look around the room I was given and left. There was no way i could stay the night at this place without crying my eyes out the whole night. It looked like a brothel infested with drug addicts.	
Oct 3 2007 	What do you expect?	Believe it or not, I have stayed here twice for two days on two separate occasions. Ok, its shabby, its tatty, the breakfast left a lot to be desired. BUT it had the 3 &quot;Bs&quot; - bed, bathroom and bog,(infact on one of the occasions i stayed here it had 4 &quot;Bs&quot; - a balcony!) and for £25 a night in the centre of London, ive got no complaints! The idea of going somewhere as fabulous as London is to spend as little time in your room as possible. I suggest you all fork out and stay at the Rizt next time!	
Aug 30 2007 	avoid if possible	I got stuck in london due to a flight delay so I went to earls court not a bad area on the main line and theres a night bus that brings you home from the city centre.the hotel was dirty and in bad need of repair and quite expensive. the lady behind the desk would put one off staying there. she just dozes there watching only fools and horses with dirty clothes and greasy hair.my room was tiny two single beds, a horrible bathroom avoided that!breakfast was included, avoid that too!	
Aug 14 2007	A nightmare experience ... unfortunately	I spent one night in this hotel and it was the worst experience I have had in my many years of traveling all over the world. Everything was weird. The entrance included sofas covered with white sheets (reminded me of trip to Pakistan)! The reception smelled. Things are randomly stuffed in the reception room, including a big bird cage and small refrigerator (for the staff) on the desk. My room was a dungeon. Floor sticky, bed and bed sheets obviously not made that day. A desk chair left by itself at the entrance of the bathroom. A small TV which must have been a 1960s TV, fixed on a stand that was shaky, TV's On/Off botton broken, remote control does not work, chanels can be changed manually only upward if you miss a chanel you have to go through all the channels to return to the one you missed. No cable (only two clear channels and one I had to adjust to get some reception). When complained the receptionist did not even care. At the receptionist, I had the pleasure of meeting anithor family who was going through the smae nightmare. Finally, a bare-feet man (who I must say was very understanding to my agony) escorted me to my room to fix the problems. He looked at the remote control and said, &quot;it needs new batteries.&quot; He told me to tell the receptionist that they should buy new batteries. Then he left! The Breakfast lounch smelled like a fifth calss Indian Restaurant. Anyway, ... I realized this hotel was &quot;no good&quot; Because they charged 45 pounds online (as a special offer), while a sign hanging at the entrance of the hotel says &quot;40 Pounds a night.&quot; I wouldn't pay 10 pounds for this dirty, smelly, dungeon. Please do not waste your time and ruin your vacation at &quot;Grand Tourist.&quot;	
Jun 15 2007	Agggggggggggggggggh!	OH MY GOD is the only words i can use to describe this place! from the moment we walked in we were greeted with bird [---] and food on the floor - lovely! the receptionist......obviously decided she couldnt be bothered wearing trousers that day as her &quot;uniform&quot; consisted of a t-shirt and a towel across her lap - yes! a towel! and the room.......handprints on the wall, hairs in the bed, shower and sink! but how could we complain when we got three dirty plastic cups to drink from!! lucky us!! breakfast, woah!! very strange altogether, we were shouted out because we sat down!? were freaked out by creepy a creepy old man and came across a &quot;lecherous&quot; man, as the reception quoted! oh god! what a nightmare! i would not even recommend a homeless person to sleep here as you will be awake all night waiting for somebody to come in and butcher you, as that is the vibe this place sends out! so basically, DONT GO HERE!!!!!!	
Jun 12 2007	Be Warned !!!!!!!!!	This place was the most hideous experience of our lives. We decided to stay here on our shopping trip to London , BIG MISTAKE........After arriving late that night we were looking forward to getting some rest but we were given a room which i can only describe as being like a cave, dirty handprints all over the walls, its was very smelly and stuffy and we could not open any window, the bathroom door wouldnt close, and the bathroom and beds were covered in hairs......we chose not to sleep inside the covers obviously...... The breakfast room was a terrifying experience also, with very weird staff who made us feel so uncomfortable we had to leave......when we complained and asked to speak to the manager we were told he could not be contacted and he doesnt have a mobile number , also the receptionist was more interested in watching Big Brother than listening to us !!!!! We decided not to stay there for the second night for fear of our lives........ we then had to carry our bags with us all day!!!!!! Oh and also it doesnt seem to be policy for reception staff to wear pants!!!! (v strange)	
May 12 2007 	stay clear	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. dirty, witnessed toenail clippings on floor and pubic hair, very unclean, slept ontop of the bed.Cooked breakfast consisted of toast, beans and egg, the latter of which had been cooked in microvave together on a plate.Dont go there, it should come with a health warning, makes you wonder if these places ever get inspected for health and hygeine	
Nov 28 2006	Oh My God	This is the very worst hotel I have had the miss fortune to stay in ,Worse than any you could imagine abroad in any third world country!! Rooms absolutly decrepid,dirty,tired,old, what more can I say. Run by abrubt ignorant peaple. i had Italian friends staying with us ,I booked two rooms,both incidently small rooms,we wanted to pay seperately for our rooms but was refused very ignorantly that the owner was not prepared to accept two credit card payments because of the cost of processing!!! basically I wonder why such people bother to be in the hospitality trade!! What an ambassador for our country, should be closed down immediately....	
Nov 17 2006 	No reaming features whatsoever worst ever!	Hotel dirty and stinks of Indian food. Rooms are tiny, old and dirty. The sheets were not changed, hairs still on pillow from last guests and were not changed for the duration of our trip either. The bathroom…I was not expecting a palace for the price we paid but the least you expect is clean sheets :-)Keep away!	
Nov 5 2006 	An absolute flea pit!	Well... Without doubt this hotel has to be the worst ever place that I have set foot in!We were a party of 7 booking 3 rooms at short notice and that is why we ended up at the Grand Tourist. The hotel is very dirty everywhere. We had rooms on the 4th floor and the floors were uneven. There were stains on two of the mattresses in one of the rooms that I am 99% sure were blood! Nice!The sheets felt damp and a few of the party refused to get into the bed prefering to lay on top! The staff I can only describe as very strange and distant. The showers and toilets were at least 25 years old and in need of urgent refurbishment. It is fair to say that we did not hang around for breakfast in the morning, infact we could not get out of there quick enough. I can only describe it as similar to a squat, and for 20 GBP a head per night, its an expensive sqat!	
Aug 3 2006 	A shocker of a Hotel	The Grand Tourist Hotel in London is a disgrace. It is dirty demands up front payment the moment you check in (understandable when you see the condition of this hotel - no one would stay if they hadnt already paid), the reception staff are unusual to say the least , the rooms are of a very low standard and the breakfast is the worst I have ever experienced anywhere - cornflakes served on plastic plates, toast and if one is brave enough the worst looking scrambled eggs and baked beans. Even the tea is served in dirty pots!! The bathroom facilities are old and grotty. I think it would be impossible to enjoy a stay in this hotel and my husband and I found it necessary to stay out from daylight to late at night to avoid spending time there . The only good things about this hotel are 1. its close vicinity to Earl's Court Tube station and 2. It gets you off the streets of London at night.We would not recommend this hotel to anyone under any circumstances - try a hostel instead or any other hotel - they could not be of a lower standard than this.It was the most depressing place we have ever stayed in during our entire lives and we are well travelled people in our 50's and have visited many countries.Do NOT stay at this hotel!!!!	
Jul 17 2006	The worst hotel ever?	We have just returned from a long weekend break in London.This was simply the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in, having stayed in youth hostels of a better standard.The rooms are poorly decorated and the hotel is quite dirty on the inside, there are very few redeeming features.The first room that we were shown had part of the door frame hanging off and nails were exposed, of course we demanded a new room which were duley given.Breakfast borderd on embarrassing, we were handed a bowl of Cornflakes and Toast at the same time and then offered a plate of unappetising looking Beans and Scrambled egg.At the end of the stay they even had the gaul to claim that they had under-charged us and wanted an additional £73! even though we had payed up front the bill that we were quoted on the Internet.My advice is to give this a miss, it could totally ruin your time in London.The only good feature was that the bed sheets were clean, barring my &quot;top-sheet&quot; which remains of blood on!	
Jul 8 2009 	ma anche no!!!		
Nov 5 2007 	Sutout n'y aller pas... C'est une honte		
Jun 18 2007 	Ottima posizione hotel pessimo (sporchissimo)		
