	Not worth the value of the money. Very disappointed with the service.	For a start, do not know how the hotel can be given a four star, especially when there is no chair to sit on in the double bedroom. Also, what does not make sense is that the hotel does not provide any toothbrush and toothpaste, nor face towel, though bath towel was given. Do not be cheated by the number of stars that the hotel rated itself, and the popularity of it. My husband was very disappointed when I told him that it is a four star hotel!!!!!!!! Another thing that is not acceptable is that the hotel staff forgot to give an important message from my friend, who cancelled an important appointment on Sat!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 8 2009 	excellent great value for money hotel	I stay in this hotel on a regular basis.It is conveniently located for the tube stations and Oxford Street.It is clean,with excellent staff who mare friendly and courteous.The breakfasts are plentiful and the restaurant staff are lovely.It is an excellent,good value for money ,well located hotel which I recommend to you	
Nov 6 2009 	Do not be suprised to arrive and be told there is no room available!	I would think twice before booking this hotel! I booked a single room for two nights at the last minute via laterooms as my wife had been taken into hospital during a weekend visit to London. I chose the hotel as it was reasonably priced and a good location for me to be able to get to the hospital via the underground. On arrival at 22:20 I attempted to check in and was told to &quot;hold on&quot;, the receiptionist then held a conversation in some form of Indian with someone on his mobile phone for about 15 minutes, and I was then told there is no room available for me due to &quot;a water leak&quot; hmmmm. I was offered a room at one of their sister hotels, further out of London for £99 per night...due to my situation I had little choice but to move to the other hotel!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great value -great services	I've stayed with my partner for few days at Shaftesbury Metropolitan. First of all we chose it because of location and the price. We have paid £63.25 for a delux double room which we think is great value for the services we got. Staff are very friendly and helpful, we had arrived at the hotel quite early and requested to get to the room before 14:00, that was not a problem. The reception staff did their best and made us feel comfortable while we waited, which was only about 45 mins, which was great. Rooms deco is nice but a bit small, and there was no sign posted outside to tell us where the hotel is. But all in all we thought it was great value and service, considering the convenient location in central London	
Oct 28 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel - they overbook and give away your room!	I booked this hotel well in advance through the hotels website and confirmed the booking on the same day of my stay, however, on arrival at 11:45pm I was kept waiting for 45 minutes by the receptionist trying to find a hotel for some tourists. After waiting all this time me and my colleague were told that there was only one room available and that we would have to wait for a taxi to drive us to another hotel, and we would have to pay for this in advance. I asked the receptionist why my confirmed rooms were not available and he told me that I should have arrived 1 minute earlier! I asked for the names of the hotel owner/manager and was told I could not have them. I ended up having to find another hotel locally after several attempts.I would strongly advise you against making a booking here as it seems to be common practice to double book rooms, even if you have confirmed them prior to your stay! The customer service was also appalling so to save time and anger I recommend that you stay somewhere else!!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	A good location	Near Paddington - easy to trains, subway and the Heatrow Express, perfect to explore London. Many restaurants, pubs and cafes in the neighbourhood.But don´t stay in this hotel if you are looking for a big room.A tip: Mimo´s Cafe near Norfolk Square has a very good and cheap breakfast .	
Oct 4 2009 	Clean and well fitted out rooms - short stroll to Hyde Park.	We had a room at the front of the Hotel, so the light that came in was lovely. Road noise was not to bad. The room was very clean, the bed was very comfotable and the shower was fantastic. Free internet connection and friendly staff were both positives. Fantastic location, as it was only a short walk to the beautiful Hyde Park and very central to the city sights. Breakfast buffet offered a wide variety of choice and was included in the room price. We would stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Ideal hotel for short break to london	Thought I would review this hotel as there are many mixed opinions about this hotel. The hotel is ideally placed just off the Edgeware road, so short walk from Edgeware tube (5 mins walk). The hotel is very modern and clean. Staff are pleasant not much chit chat but your in London what do you expect. The room on the first floor was not massive but well equipped. Shower room clean, a comfy bed and flat screen TV. Air conditioning did work but was switched off during the night (this was pointed out to us as we checked in). Breakfast was full English buffet style which we paid for when booking. Got an excellent deal booking via their web site £154.00 for 2 people 2 nights. Nothing bad to say and feel that some of the other reviews were possibly a bit picky. Overall really good value for a central London hotel. I have used Holiday Inn before and are very happy with them but for the same standard they wanted about £150.00 a night !	
Sep 25 2009 	All there	Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. Was not very happy with the fact that ive been given a basement room.Being very tired after a long journey to the hotel wanted to just settle in - didnt want any time wasting so i didnt complain! In the first day found a pair of dirty socks which did not belong to us and receipts under bed. Not quite so happy about that either.No balcony in the room, and one light in bathroom actually did not light. However on the other hand, housekeeping replenished our room daily and kept room very tired - quite early sometimes! with fresh coffee, milk and sugar everyday! Very nice flat screen tv with lots of channels, one of which showed popular movies all day long! Fresh towels everyday! Flowers in the room also were thrown away and given fresh ones through our stay! Breakfast was included - everything from very good sausages, bread, eggs, cereal, toast and pastries(quite dry on times)! However this was always this same and not varied - is not worth paying for if not included. Lots of restaurants nearby and paddington station just round the corner. Use of internet in lobby was free for guests, plus!I must say however that It was promised that if u become a premier member u wil be given a bottle of water everyday - not so! All in all very worthed deals booked through their site! very modern and sylish bathrooms too, One warning - do not buy any mobiles from phones4u (oxford street) shops - total rip off.. really they lie to steal money from you not even allowed to see the mobile if you do u must buy- also stupid and non knowledgeable staff dont even know anything about what theyre selling - thanks to Grace there- we got ripped off wasted all our time! stupid people! DO NOT GO TO BUY FROM THIS STORE! other than that quite happy with shaftesbury would recommend!	
Sep 24 2009 	WELL WORTH STAYING THERE FOR OUR THREE-DAY BREAK	My wife and I recently booked a short break as part of my birthday present. We were not sure what to expect as there had been some rather poor reviews in the trip advisor previously. They all seemed to be about the size of the room, staff and where they had breakfast. I booke a Club Room as it seemed to have more space. We were not disappointed in the least. The staff from the booking in to the ladies serving at breakfast - which incidentally was down in the cellar which had been converted into a bright pleasant breakfast buffet (excelllent choice) room. Or Club Room was very good with plenty of wardrobe space, fridge, microwave and coffee and tea making facilities, biscuits, a bowl of fruit and a nice bottle of red wine(very drinkable). The bathroom was clean and spotless with changes of towels every day. The flat screen TV did not have that many stations - but hey we did not spend that much time indoors anyway! The one thing that was on the adverse side was that we had a loud humming or vibration coming from the air con which i found was coming from a large metal pipe on the outside of our wall stretching from the kitchens - which were almost directly below our room about 6.30 am when I assume the kitchen staff started work. I tackled the front desk about this and the noise disappeared after the first night. The hotel is in a very pleasant area with no noise to speak off outside. Paddington Station is only a 5/10 minute walk away and Edgeware Road Station is not mush further. There were lots of shops, cafes and pubs in the immediate area, and buses ran out side the hotel on the main road although we did not avail ourselves. All in all a splendid short break	
Sep 20 2009 	Over booked	I booked a double delux room to stay at this hotel for one night on Spetember 17th 2009 as my son was in St. Mary's hospital which is just around the corner. When I arrived at the hotel at 6pm I was told that my booking agent ( Booking.com) had been trying to contact me all day as the hotel was over booked and they were moving me to a Best Western hotel 10 minutes walk away. As my son was in the hospital I explained that this was not acceptable and I wasn't prepared to move. I asked to see the manager but there was no manager available and after several minutes of discussion I was given a double delux room and informed that they were going to have to move someone else.As I had received no contact from Booking.com (I checked on my answerphone at home to find no message had been left) I decided that I would contact them to find out what had happened. They were quite surprised to receive my call as they hadn't been informed by the hotel that there were any problems so they hadn't been trying to contact me and I had been lied to by the hotel receptionist! Booking.com were excellent and investigated the situation. When I checked out in the morning I stood my gound and was given a refund of £19.25.The room was clean but did not have any external windows so was very dark and extremely hot. The bathroom whilst clean measured 36 inches by 34 inches and if you were bigger that a size 14 you would not have been able to physically fit in the shower as I'm a size 10 and my shower involved a lot of the banging of arms on the sides of the shower cubicle. The room whilst quiet from outside noise was invaded by the noise of hotel staff setting up for breakfast at 6.45am. And the receptionist was quite rude!I had breakfast at Garfunkles on Praed Street ( costing £6.25) as I felt £15.00 for breakfast in the hotel was very expensive. Would I stay again ... no as there are many hotels on Sussex Gardens that probably were not overbooked, had bigger roms and better staff!	
Sep 14 2009 	Good value London hotel but no parking	Stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for 1 night. Excellent &amp; helpful staff. Large rooms, nicely decorated and furnished. Quite small bathroom. No parking facility and nearest parking was approx 10 mins walk away, however extremely cheap for London parking. Not many late night bars or restaurants open in the local area. Nice hotel but dont think I'd stay there again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel to stay	I am a frequest traveller to LONDON and usually stay in paddington for my trips.This is one of the best medium-budget hotel I stay in paddington. I booked through the hotel website for 4 nights and got 20% off due to consecutive stays, average of GBP 67/night (all inclusive)I arrived 8am in the morning and suprisingly the manager was able to give me the room. The room was very clean and tidy with double bed, flat screen, high speed internet, air-cond. and very cosy bathroom. The size is a bit small, but I was not very fuzz about it. Staff were very friendly and the buffet breafast is stunning. Full English breafast (very fresh and quick refill, plus food, cheese, salami, ham, yogurt, juice etc). You will always get a cheaper hotel around paddington but this hotel make my stay more pleasant with the location and the staff friendess. If you are looking for medium size hotel, this is perfect.	
Sep 3 2009 	Friendly hotel nothing a bother small rooms yes but cosy!	Having read some negative reviews I wasn't expecting much but I did only pay £120 for 2 nights. I arrived early and was given my room straight away and yes it was small but considering I booked a single room I was given a double bed. It was very cosy and warm and yes the air conditioning went off through the night so why don't people just make sure the room is cool before it does duhh. I asked for a iron which was brought within a minute. On my 2nd day a friend missed their train home and the hotel said no bother they could stay at no extra charge...I mean wow how accommodating!!! The staff here were by far the friendliest i've ever come across. In addition, you get free wireless internet which some hotels charge a fortune for! On the negative side there was noise above or around my room which woke me up a few times but I didn't go to London to sleep that much anyway! Handy tip...book direct with hotel as it's cheaper and you get breakfast included.	
Aug 20 2009 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	I normally don't write reviews but for this particular hotel, I really need to warn any visiter to London not to book this hotel.Not sure what the other reviewers said but the air-conditioning in the hotel is indeed turned off from 11pm to 6am. In the morning when we checked in, the hotel staff did not inform us about this. If we knew about this, we would not have checked in. Apparently they have been doing so for a long time. In addition, the window in our room on the ground floor (next to the public toilet of the hotel) is broken. It could not be open. Since we did not know the air-conditioning was turned off after 11pm, we woke up in the middle of the night because of the lack of fresh air in the room (with the window shut and not being able to be opened). We informed the hotel staff at 2:30am about the situation. Since we could not switch to another room, the receptionist had to put a shoe box under the window to keep it open for the night.Most importantly, after we woke up in the following morning, my boyfriend took out the shoe box due to safety reason. The window fell right down after he did that and crushed right at his finger joints. Since the window was very heavy, it took me a while to lift it back up. He had to go to the A&amp;E of the nearest hospital to check out his fingers. Even now (more than 2 weeks after the incident), his fingers are still swollen and hurt. I travelled in Europe very often and I know what to expect from budget hotels. However, this is far worse than expected and I really don't think the lack of air-conditioning during summer is acceptable, especially without informing its guest.	
Aug 19 2009 	exhausting place... disappointing!	We booked three nights directly on the hotel website. They stated the normal rate was ?395.00 per night for a so-called deluxe double and then &quot;discounted&quot; it to ?99.00. That for a start is just simply dishonest and misleading.On arrival (14:00, check-in time), they pre-charged my credit for the entire stay, which is unusual by any standard. we were given our key cards (for which a deposit was blocked on my credit card!!!) and found our own way to our room. It looked like a single room and in fact had not been cleaned from the previous guests at all. We went back to reception to request a room that was ready, only to experience the chap at reception debate with the room attendant whether the room was ready that we just had seen. If you want to doubt your guests, then at least do it out of ear shot.We were then given another room, ground floor, looked like a single room with a double bed in it... air con was off most of the time and every night and the window could only be opened 2 inches. no place to put a suit case. Bathroom smelled really damp and the one light was broken. the internet connection was barely usable, broadband is a broad term... the mattress felt in dire need of replacement. The fancy flat screen TV came with a fancy remote, but none of the features worked. After the second night the room was not cleaned at all, when we got back late after a concert, the bed had not even been made or the (still damp) towels had not been replaced. the room had not been cleaned at all!A few notes on breakfast: the selection was charmless to say the least and the staff were unfriendly and quite obviously not excited about their jobs and not coping at all, the breakfast room was a mess, the tables not laid properly, they would take cutlery from another table instead of setting them properly. I had to ask for a plate for the buffet twice, and would just get a disgruntled &quot;yeah, it's on its way&quot;. Well so is Christmas at that rate.We left the place on the Sunday morning feeling really ripped off with a bill of ?341.00 and exhausted after barely sleeping in a damp, smelly, hot and tiny room. At no stage were we asked whether we enjoyed our stay. I guess the reception staff are scared to ask this question as they too well aware of the lack of standards, and would not be able to do anything about it anyway - this is surely a hotel management issue, I would not want to blame it on the staff working there.We have both travelled extensively, and this must be the worst hotel experience we have ever had.I sincerely hope that other Shaftesbury run properties are better than this and that whoever reads this think twice before booking here!	
Aug 12 2009 	They stole £86 from me!!	I booked to stay here in May but had to cancel a few days before my stay. For some reason, they decided to charge me for the one night anyway! To cut a very long story short, I am currently pursuing a complaint through my local trading standards office to get back my £86.I can't comment on the hotel itself, but if you are thinking of booking, be very wary about their policy regarding cancellations and ensure yo u can get a refund if you need one!!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hotel will stay here again!	Just back yesterday from a stay in this hotel. We arrived at the hotel an hour and a half before check in but we immediatley shown to our room. Staff at the desk extremely friendly. Our club room had a double and single bed, though there was only two of us. We found the room quite spacious and spotless. Our room faced the main road and we didn't find the traffic a problem. Lovely modern bathroom with hi-tec shower. Room had everything you needed, tea, coffee, hairdryer, air con, large LCD tv, safe and mini fridge. The tv had a good range of channels, more than the usual 5. Our breakfast both mornings was delicious. There is a buffet style breakfast with a large range of items. There is everything from cereal to pain au chocolat to bacon and eggs. Have read other reviews but have to say that we had no problems with the air conditioning during our stay. Had two very comfortable nights in the bed, which was quite large for a double. Comfortable mattress with luxurious duvet. There was a maid service daily and anything which we had used was replenished. Bedding was changed and towels were swapped. Again have to comment on the friendliness of the staff. Everyone we came into contact with including the reception staff, porters and the staff at breakfast were extremely friendly. They could not do enough to help. Very close to both Paddington and Edgeware Rd tube stations. All in all a very enjoyable stay and will definitely be returning to this hotel in the future.	
Aug 10 2009 	Decent hotel and price but won't set the heather alight	Stayed 1-night whilst visting people in London. Requested a quiet room, ended up in the basement with rumbling underground trains nearby but not too distracting after a while. Small room but well equiped with compact en-suite. Friendly and helpful staff. Allowed me to park car outside free of charge (not their standard practice). Decent help-youself hot breakfast. All in all, not a bad deal at £100 B&amp;B in central London mid-week.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great for a young couple small rooms.	I wanted a centrally located hotel for myself and my boyfriend to stay when we booked a weekend away. I saw this hotel and thought despite the reviews saying small rooms we would try it, I was pleasantly suprised by the hotel, it was really easy to find and inside the hotel was modern and fresh. The room however was small, but came with a large TV with more than 5 channels and lovely bathroom, the room had airconditioning which was fantastic after a hot day in london. The hotel service was really good and breakfast was really nice too. Highly recommend staying here if a large room is not essentil to your stay. Young couples highly recommended.	
Aug 6 2009 	Please leave the air-conditioning on	From the outside the hotel did not look as impressive as some of it's neighbours, but once inside it is modern and clean. The rooms are small (and bathrooms smaller) but have everything you need. Our room looked onto a busy road and so we had no option but to keep the windows closed. However, after the air conditioning was automatically switched off at night, the room soon resembled a sauna, which made it most unpleasant and had to be tolerated until 6am, when it resumed. Also, at breakfast again there was no air conditioning. Although this was in August, it was not a hot time and so i dread to think what it would be like during a hot period. Perhaps the place to stay in winter!	
Aug 1 2009 	Very clean and comfortable good location excellet value for money!	Booked through London nights.com, a club room for 2 nights B&amp;B. Wanted somewhere decent to stay without having to break the bank!Very good lolcation in Paddington, only a short walk from main station and tube. We requested an early check in (subject to availability), room was not availabe when we arrived and apologies were given and we were asked to return in 2 hours. We were able to store our luggage there safely. Sfaff very polite.When we returned within 2 hours the room was still not available and we were told we had to wait another hour! This was not a good first impression however, on our return we were greated with a lovely room which was very clean and comfortable (room 001) with plenty of space. Everything we were told to expect on the website was present; TV, Fridge with x 2 soft drinks, mineral water and choice of red or white wine, microwave, bathrobes and slippers, fresh fruit and flowers, internet access (although this was not brilliant!), tea, coffee, iron and ironing board and hairdryer.Our room was situated on the ground floor, we were not bothered at all by noise. The window did not open very far so ventilation was poor and air con is switched off between 11pm and 7am. They say this is due to a power surge, but i doubt that is true!When we stayed the weather was not particularly hot for that time in July so luckily was comfortable but i would not liked to have experienced hot weather whilst staying in that room!Breakfast is excellent, we had it included but i would recomend you add it on if its not included. English and continental buffet style, self serve.	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent Location!	This hotel is a 5 minute walk from Paddington, and a ten minute walk from oxford street. The room was clean, it was small but i expected that., free wifi in the room was a real bonus. The breakfast was good, a selection of pastries, fruit and cooked breakfast buffet. The hotel doesn't have a bar or restaurant, but there are plenty of pubs near by.	
Jul 10 2009 	Not bad for the price	I stayed here for 3 nights recently for a conference and thought it was ok - a lot better than some london hotels! I originally booked a single room through a discount hotel site but a few days before i travelled, the hotel website offered a double for the same price that included breakfast. My room was very nicely furnished, small, but then this is london and i have stayed in much smaller rooms before, but most importantly, clean. Oddly enough the room had no outside window - the window was out to the naturally lit hallway and didn't open at all. This was quite irritating as the air con went off at 11pm - a sign was on reception saying it was because of a 'power overload' I suspect this is not true in the slightest and it's a cost cutting attempt. Also, the intenet connection (which is free, cables in rooms and there was wifi too) seemed to die around 11ish! Not great if you need to check emails late at night. Bed was comfy enough, room well equipped with iron and a decent hairdryer, shower was fab and the staff was friendly enough. Breakfast was nice so overall, for the price i paid i was quite happy. Not a hotel to relax in, but certainly a decent enough place to stay in London where what you pay for bears no resemblance to what you actually get!!	
Jun 28 2009 	To be avoided at all costs in hot weather	Several reviewers have now commented on the bizarre practice in this hotel of turning off the air conditioning in rooms between 11pm and 7 AM. We had the misfortune to stay here recently during hot weather - our room was unbearably hot at night , and the window opened to a maximum of 15cm. Sleeping was very difficult. Staff provided a fan on the second time of asking in the middle of our first night, but this made little difference. The temperature in the small bathroom was over 30 C at times. There was no plausible explanation as to why air conditioning is turned off at night, and staff said there was no way to overide this. As was the case for one other guest, our in-room fridge did not work. As seems to be the case for everyone else, we were given a club room although we had booked a double deluxe. The room was modestly sized, but no worse than most other London hotels. Staff were polite but unable to resolve our problem. This hotel continues, at the time of writing, to advertise air conditioned rooms on its website, with no mention of the fact that this is turned off at night. I would not consider a room without air conditioning in London at this time of year, so I strongly advise all guests to check the current situation directly with this hotel before booking. I would not stay here again in the summer.	
Jun 19 2009 	Small but great!	A really nice place! The rooms are small, but so are all rooms in London. The rooms were clean and very nicely decorated. The breakfast was exceptionally good! Every morning eggs, toast and fresh fruit salad. The staff was very polite and helpfull. We would definetly stay here again, especially for this rate. You have to look at their website, to get some really good special rates.	
Jun 19 2009 	More than perfect	Me and my boyfriend went to London for a couple of days to celebrate his birthday and wanted somewhere to stay that was reasonably central and gave us a good price for B&amp;B. Having trawled through all the favourite hotel sights I found this hotel. Following a review on trip advisor which advised to go directly to the Shaftesbury's website which we did and managed to cut approx. £30 per night off the room.The hotel was excellent, very easy to find and only a 5 minute walk from Paddington tube station. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and let us check-in 2 hours before we should have been allowed to! The room was a reasonable size as was the bathroom and all was immaculately clean. The breakfast the following morning also exceeded expectations with the staff again being more than helpful and very friendly.Overall this hotel more than met our needs for the price we had paid and made our trip even more enjoyable. The only issue was that the air con wasn't working at night, but we took the novel approach of opening the window, which even though it was a reasonably warm week managed to cool the room down sufficiently, much better than being blasted by air con all night!!We would definately go back next time we go to London if the location suits.	
Jun 13 2009 	Cheap at least...	Early June I spent two nights at the hotel. They should stop that &quot;we upgrade you...&quot; - it's just ridiculous, 'cause that upgraded room is so tiny that we had no space enough for our luggage to pack the same time. The wardrobe was full with the flat iron and its board, but when you took it out there was no space left to move in the room anymore...I found it strange that I had to pay at check-in, and not at check-out. Our key-card was blocked several times during our stay.In the bathroom there was no space to hang the towels. We had no breakfast, so I can't comment that.The only really positive thing on this hotel is its area : near to Paddington and Hyde Park, and there are lots of cafes around.	
Jun 6 2009 	Disappointed-disagree with majority!	We stayed here for 2 nights over the last May Bank hol and have to say it's the first time I've disagreed with what the majority of other reviews say.Pros:• friendly staff• decent breakfast• cheap (thankfully we only paid £60 per night inc. breakfast!)Cons: • stayed in club room - even that was tiny, found the dark wood furniture very oppressive too, stark contrast to modern and bright reception area• everywhere was covered in a layer of dust/dirt (see photos), both in our room and the public areas - skirting, dados, furniture and even the lift doors.• the fridge/minibar didn't work and infact gave off heat - perhaps this was what made it even hotter at night and the air conditioning was automatically switched off at night (and came back on at 6am waking us)• to say it was newly refurbished it was very rough around the edges, we had a broken light in the bathroom with the insides left exposed.• dirty around the kettle area and the cupboards below were covered in drip marks All the above are only minor on their own but when added together really took the edge off our stay. Didn't bother complaining as we were spending little time there and at least the towels/bedding were clean.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great value london hotel	Like many other people seem to have experienced, we were automatically upgraded to a club room. Although it contained everything you'd expect as detailed in other reviews below it still did seem rather small and dingy, so heaven knows how small the standard rooms are. The staff were all foreign but incredibly friendly and courteous and it is seriously close to paddington. Its a great hotel if all you want is a comfy bed for the night and a good breakfast in a convenient location, which is certainly all we wanted on our trip.Tip: Book direct on the hotel website as the prices quoted there were always £5-10 cheaper than the laterooms prices.	
May 21 2009 	Small but perfectly formed	Checked in for one night as had early meeting the next day. Room was on the small side, but had everything you need: double bed, nice linen, big TV on wall, tea and coffee making facilities, hair dryer, and all finished to a very high standard. The bathroom, too, although smaller than I would have liked, was fitted to an excellent standard, with complimentary shampoo and shower gel. Check in was effortless, the staff very helpful. Wake up call was bang on time. All in all, a gem of a hotel in the middle of London and for a truly excellent price – I paid £65 via LateRooms, though offers on the hotel's own website came in slightly cheaper. Highly recommended.	
May 20 2009 	Clean good location free wifi friendly staffs	- Newly renovated, clean;- Good shower, bathroom;- Free WiFi, easy to access internet;- Friendly staffs;- Good value;- Good location, 5 minutes to Paddington tube station and buses near by to centrol London.- Some good restaurants near by.Downside:- Some rooms are bit small.	
May 13 2009 	Nice Hotel - Fantastic location	This appeared to be a new (ish) hotel - absolutely fantastic location for Paddington railway station... literally 5 minutes walk! We stayed in a front facing Club Room - and though it very good value for money - especially for a London hotel. Comfy bed - clean rooms, excellent shower although towels a bit on the rough side. Staff were fairly efficient but not overly friendly. Minus points were that the air conditioning didn't work despite the best efforts of a member of staff and bedside lights didn't work either - I also thought the dimmer switch for the room light was decidedly dodgy. Milks for tea's / coffee were very stingy and on both nights the electronic card key had been turned off - so we had to return to reception to get it turned on! Felt these were teething troubles maybe.,...? Overall - location made up for the minus points.	
May 11 2009 	Would go back here :)	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in March, and enjoyed the hotel very much. The room we had (a deluxe double) was cosy, well presented and clean, with a nicely decorated en suite bathroom, complete with clean towels, toiletries and a shower big enough for two. Tea and coffee facilities were provided and the room was well serviced when we were out. The window of the room looked out into an indoor lobby area, but that didn't bother us as we were only really in the room to sleep, and there were thick curtains. The reception area offered internet access and free refreshments in the seating area, and the location was very convenient, just 5 minutes walk from Edgeware Road. Highly recommended. We are planning to go back to this hotel next month.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent..in the larger room	We recently stayed here for 5 days. I had booked a &quot;deluxe double &quot; room through the hotel website, which had better deals than other booking sites . The room we were assigned was very small and I would have been quite unhappy with it. Luckily I had read here that guests were often upgraded to a &quot;club&quot; room. I asked for a larger room and in fact was transferred to one, which made all the difference. The new room and bath were wonderful. Lovely linens and down blanket, individual heating and airconditioning unit, nice toiletries. There was a microwave and electric kettle in the room, together with tea, coffee, sugar, etc. There was a minibar, but it did not work. I got the sense that none of the rooms had a working minibar.The staff was excellent and helped us with whatever we needed. There were complimentary tea, coffee, biscuits and fruit in the lobby, as well as 2 computers for guests' use. However, the internet connection was quite slow and didn't always work. The breakfast was included in the deal offered by the hotel's site and was fine. I noticed that many guests did not have breakfast included, and I'm not sure that I would pay another 15 pounds for it. As others have mentioned, the location is very convenient for those flying in and out of Heathrow (the express train goes to Paddington station, a 10 walk to the hotel) and for getting around London by public transportation or even walking. I would definitely recommend this hotel..as long as you get the larger room.	
May 5 2009 	All-round Excellent Hotel	Having tended to avoid hotels in the Paddington area recently, it was a delight to stay at this newly renovated, modern hotel. All the important conveniences the modern traveller needs. Free wired internet access in the room; digital television; free use of computers in the lobby, free coffee and biscuits in the lobby, free newspapers - I even borrowed an adaptor for my electrical plug. The price is very reasonable (booked directly with the hotel) and included breakfast - which was one of the best I've had in a London hotel for a long time.The rooms are clean - not particularly spacious - but for London a good size. Some rooms do not have a window to direct sunlight and the hotel is somewhat a maze. So lugging heavy suitcases can be a slight problem.The staff were very helpful in every way. Faultless.The location is very good with restaurants, shops and pubs in all directions. There are buses outside the door and 3 tube stations in easy walking distance. The road at the front can be very busy, but our front facing room was pretty quiet and we were not disturbed by the traffic. The hotel does not have a bar, but the Monkey Puzzle pub across the road is a decent British pub with good beer. This hotel represents the best value for money I've found in London over the last couple of years and I will definately be back.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great hotel and value for money	A very nice hotel with good transport links (10 mins walk away from 2 tube stations). When we arrived there was a problem when we got to our room - it hadn't been cleaned yet. So we were provided with another room (which unfortunately was smaller and on the front of the building so was a little noisy but was fine for 1 night). The rooms are a little on the small side but manageable for the price we paid. Bathroom was small but modern and clean with a large shower. Large TV on the wall was nice but we didn't use it much. Staff were helpful and friendly.The buffet breakfast was great and had a good selection with choices of: english breakfast items (bacon, eggs, mushrooms, sausage, beans), toast, cereal, fruit, yoghurt, pastries, tea, coffee and fruit juices.Would definately stay there again as it is in a good location and is value for money.	
Mar 20 2009 	Little Gem	Got back from London yesterday, we stayed at the Shaftesbury Metropolis. What a wonderful little hotel it is and extremely reasonable too. Just around the corner from Paddington train and tube station, so it is incredibly easy to get around London. The hotel is really clean and comfortable and the staff are helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but have everything you require for a trip to London.The Hotel does not have a Restaurant, but there are plenty of places to eat in the vicinity and, of course, in the centre of London.I would recommend this Hotel to anyone who is prepared to use the public transport network and those who do not want to in the busy centre of the city.	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfectly adequate hotel	We stayed for two nights in early March - it was very modern and clean. Staff were friendly and helpful and we appreciated the free internet in the lobby. Probably not the poshest area of London but still in zone 1 and close enough to the tube station. A bit of a walk if you have luggage though! Would definitely stay again - great value.	
Mar 11 2009 	A great value stay in a friendly and smart hotel - we shall make it our preferred place to stay.	In search of the perfect place to stay in London whilst on business, combined with a credit-crunching price has not been easy - we've had to &quot;kiss a lot of frogs to find a prince&quot; to coin a phrase. Managed to get two de-luxe single rooms (booked direct on the Shaftesbury Hotels website) for £63 each inclusive of full English Breakfast and tax. Arrived to a friendly and warm welcome and advised that our rooms had been upgraded to deluxe doubles and my special request for a ground floor or first floor room had been granted (I've had to remind every hotel at check in before!) .Ok, the rooms were on the small side but they were beautifully furnished, spotlessly clean and had everything - including tea &amp; coffee making, iron &amp; ironing board, safe, large flat screen tv and a full length mirror (we ladies LOVE that!) The bathrooms were small but stylish with great shower cubicles and fluffy towels. The wi-fi was free (we paid £12 at the last hotel!) and the breakfast was a good buffet with plenty of choice in a downstairs bistro-style room. The service was efficient, attentive and really friendly. When my colleagues tv went on the blink someone came within 5 minutes to fix it. I only have one criticism and I will take it up with the hotel directly - we were asked if we needed a cab when we checked out and said yes. An executive car turned up and we ended up paying £20 for the journey back to Euston station when a black cab would have been easily less than a tenner. Maybe our fault for not checking beforehand but a bit cheeky nonetheless.The hotel doesn't have a bar or restaurant but there's a perfectly good pub over the road that is friendly and does great food. Edgware Rd tube station is five minutes walk, as are the shop and restaurants on Edgeware Rd. I really hope this hotel continues to offer the level of service it does - we shall definitely use again and make it our base in London for future business trips.	
Mar 8 2009 	This is a very nice Hotel	I stayed at the Shaftesbury Metropolis London Hyde Park on the 3rd of March for one night. On arrival I found the reception staff helpful and friendly. My room was upgraded to club and it was very clean, tidy and cozy. There was a duvet on the bed which was very warm and comfortable. Good quality buffet breakfast. If you book in advance you can normally get a beneficial discount which is very compatible with any 3 star. Overall I would recommend this hotel and definitely stay again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Lovely clean place - if you can find your room!	We paid £90 (inc breakfast) for a Wednesday night and got upgraded to a club room. Just one problem - the hotel has been packed into a mid-terrace in a row of small hotels, which doesn't matter, except the place is a labyrinth of corridors and turns, and the signs could be a little clearer! We had a comedy moment when we kept bumping into another lost soul trying to find his room!The room was clean, the shower was hot and invigorating, the bed comfortable. The only problem was that the TV was stuck on the wall at such an angle that made it unwatchable from either of the beds.The buffet breakfast was hot, the food was of good quality. The juice machine had been set of mix the orange juice (which was more like squash) at a near-homoeopathic mixture ratio, so that taste and colour were barely detectable. Note to hotels: Orange juice isn't that expensive!A lot of the staff were eastern European, but spoke good English and were very friendly and helpful.I'd stay here again for that rate, but probably not the £340 rack rate (but does anyone every pay that?!)	
Mar 6 2009 	Top rate	2nd time we've stayed here. This time booked through their own web site and got a good deal for double with breakfast for £86.50. Considering that breakfast can cost you £14.95 each, then it works out at only £56.50 fro teh double room. Again, upgraded to club level (I wonder whether they have anything but club level?). Room along a very narrow corridor on the GF, but again, a very nicely fitted out room. Not the biggest, but very cosy with all you could need. Great long bath!. but not easy to get out of. The only thing they seem to have missed in the room is somewhere to hang the hand towels??? Oh and no free biscuits!...but then they do have free apples in reception, internet is free!!!! too and free Daily telepgraph. Warm welcoming and a great full English breakfast. Would highly recommend. Theowners of this chain of hotels seem to have gone to great lengths to make their customers comfortable. A big plus!	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent service!	Fantastic hotel with great staff!We paid £131 for 2 nights, and for that they upgraded us for free to a club double.When we arrived we were early so they looked after our bag until 1400, and then again all day once we had checked out.The staff were excellent, the breakfast was great, and it was all spotlessly clean!Its about a 15 minute walk from marble arch, with an equal 10 minute walk to either Paddington or Lancaster Gate. There is also a superb fish and chip shop just around the corner!!!I have stayed in many hotels, and this one was great! The distance from the attractions is reflected in the lower price.P.s. We had a 5 week old baby with us.....the hotel was more than suitable.	
Mar 3 2009 	Small yes but very nice!	Firstly, there seems to be some debate about whether it's quicker to walk there from Paddington or Edgware Road. I definitely found it easier to come from Paddington - it's just a case of walking a little way down one road, turning left and following that street right down to the hotel. I tried both ways and had more trouble with walking from Edgware Road. The reception is very nicely decorated and the staff were all polite and friendly - not a scowl in sight, nor a hint of rudeness throughout. The check-in process was fast and my room was ready even though I showed up slightly early. Yes, my bedroom was small (which seems to be the common complaint), but as a single traveller staying for a short amount of time, it suited me fine. I imagine if you were staying longer you might want a bigger room. However, it was well-furnished and very clean. My bed was really soft and comfortable, with clean white bedding - a nice change from the itchy blankets that seem to be favoured elsewhere. The shower was powerful and hot, but it is here that one of my very few complaints lies - when I turned it on to heat up for a minute before getting in, the spray soaked my floor because of the way the door opens. My only other problem was with the safe. The website advertises it as being able to fit a laptop, but this is not necessarily the case. I have a laptop with a 15&quot; screen and had to place the laptop in the safe at a strange angle to get it to it. However, apart from these minor quibbles, it's a lovely hotel with very good prices and I'd definitely stay again!	
Feb 3 2009 	We Loved It!!	We were really impressed by this clean and new hotel. Simply fantastic considering we paid GBP 76!!! Rooms were fully equipped and modern, very clean, bed comfy, heater was gd (really appreciated during this cold winter month). There was even free internet access and large LCD tv. Only setback was that the room was tiny.Staff were helpful and polite. We required a fridge and the staff promptly delivered one.On the whole, we were pleased and would definitely stay there again on our next trip.	
Jan 31 2009 	The dirtiest rooms ever!	We picked this hotel as a birthday treat, as we were seeing a show up town. Our first impressions were good as the reception looked modern and smart, but that was as good as it got! Wewent to our extremely small room (almost a large cupboard in fact) only to find the key had not been programmed so we couldn't get in! When we had sorted that, my first look round the room showed it to be quite unclean, and everything seemed to be covered in dust. The carpet looked as though it hadn't been vacuumed for some time !! Then my girlfriend decided to use the loo. To our horror there was hair and urine on the seat. I phoned the receptionist to complain, and was told they would send a cleaner up !! I asked for another room instead. The receptionist was very apologetic and understanding, I have to say. We were moved to another room, and once again we couldn't get in as the key wasn't programmed again! Finally we were in a new room but to our dismay the bathroom was just as dirty as the last, minus the urine! Hairs all over the floor and very dusty. A nice young chap did come to the room with wine and fruit, and we showed him the bathroom. He started to clean the floor with a napkin, but we stopped him as we didn't think it was down to him to have to do that. It took the shine off our mini trip. When you pay £78 for a room you would at least expect it to be clean. We were given complimentary breakfasts, valued at £14.95. Believe me, it isn't worth that !! We would not stay nor recommend this place to anyone. It was quite disgusting !!	
Jan 29 2009 	Nice hotel in a very good price	very nice hotel... very close to oxford street.... great price! friendly staff...arabian neighbourhood but no problem!	
Dec 11 2008 	We loved this hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We got a club room that was new, clean and at the right size. We enjoyed the hotel very much. The location is good, 5 minutes walk from an underground station and there are also busses in front of the hotel. We recommend it, especially for young people.	
Dec 6 2008	Would not stay again if it were free	We stayed at this hotel as a birthday treat as we up in London to see a show.On arrival the reception staff member was clearly on a personal phone call and did not acknowledge our arrival but carried on chatting even though we were standing at reception. After about 4 to 5 minutes a gentleman appeared and assisted us with check in but he lacked any real enthusiasm for the 'customer'. We were unable to check in as the room was not ready so we leaft our bag and went to the theatre.When we returned we discovered our room had been changed as we were the last guests to return for the night. The room we had been allocated - well I've seen bathrooms bigger than the entire room and the shower room was almost farcically small.The bed was uncomfortable and there was only one pillow each. I prefer 2 and though as this was a 4 star hotel it would be reasonable to find a spare one in the cupboard - no - so we phoned reception and were told there were no spare pillows. We thought we would put the Tv on, this did not work, lovely big plasma Tv that did not work at all. Again we asked the receptionist to assist and he shrugged his shoulders and said it would be looked at soon.I found the bed very uncomfortable and the temperature of the room was very hard to control/ regulate. Some of these issues I might have forgiven had it not been for the clear disinterest in the customer by every employee I met during our stay.	
Dec 6 2008	A great base	I was basically after a four-star hotel at three-star prices and I was pleasantly surprised. The location is great as it very quiet at night, but very close to Paddington station and 2 minutes from Hyde Park. The rooms are indeed quite small (this is why the prices are extremely competitive) but they are very homely and the en-suite and air-con system was very good for the size of room. I would certainly advise going for the largest room you can afford.The breakfast room in the basement is best described as 'functional', and not in keeping with the atmosphere and decor of the hotel, and this is the major downside. There is also no bar in the hotel, but there is a pub over the road and lots of small bars within a stones throw. The staff were all very helpful and courteous. The hotel was spotless compared to some of the major chain hotels that I have resided at in recent weeks.If the breakfast was in keeping with the rest of the hotel facility I would have no hesitation in saying that this hotel was excellent. Even so, this should not put a prospective traveler using the hotel as overall, my experience was great, and the hotel is clearly worthy of the 3-4* rating.	
Nov 29 2008 	Tight squeeze	I stayed with my wife for one night on a business/pleasure trip to London. The Hotel is conviently placed,near to Paddington Station. It has undergone recent refurbishment which shows in the decor and cleanliness of the establishment. A very nice basement restaurant served an excellent breakfast. The staff were very pleasant and helpfull.The downside of my stay however, was the double room we were given on the ground floor. It was the smallest double room we had ever stayed in. One person had to move onto the bed in order to pass in the room. It was difficult to see how a bath room could be incorporated into the tiny space but it was. The advantage of the tiny bathroom was that you could sit on the toiet,clean your teeth in the sink and wash your feet in the shower - all at the same time. There was no outside window in the room so no extra ventilation was available. Congratulations must go to the designer for re-cycling a broom cupboard to bring in £104 per night. Another problem was the noise. A tiled corridor echoed every footstep throughout the night and early morning as guests were leaving.. So, unless you are attending the annual dwarf convention or you are on a cultural trip with the Congo Pigmy society, then please ask about the size of the room before booking this hotel.	
Nov 26 2008 	Much better than expected	This hotel stands out in a street full of really rather seedy rivals. I booked an executive double for singe occupancy because a: the rate was cheap &amp; b: that's usually the only way to get decent space in central London.The room (214) was recently refurbished (like the rest of the hotel), smartly decorated, well equipped and comfortable. Wonderfully freshly laundered duvet linen, nice pillows, snug bed.I actually had a double and a single bed so maybe they thought I wasa one-man family! That didn't leave much room for moving around, but I couldn't fold the single away, so I used it for luggage.Yes, bathroom was tiny, but very smart and trendy. Only problem, walk in shower was luke-warm (as commented on by another reviewer) ... and Paddington is a little off the beaten track (but that's not the hotel's fault)	
Nov 15 2008 	a really nice hotel	I got a tiny, but very clean and comfortable room, where I found everything needed for an enjoyable stay: tea &amp; coffee making facilities, good internet connection (cable), safe deposit box, iron, a great choice of TV channels. The bathroom was also small, but very lovely.Paddington was at a stone throw, and the night bus stopped near the hotel, yet in most cases I preferred walking.	
Oct 31 2008 	Loved this hotel	Myself and my 12 year old son stayed here on a theatre break for 2 nights. It is an excellent hotel for the price, we paid £99 per night for a twin room. Cleanliness is my top priority in a hotel, and the Metropolis did not disappoint. Staff were very courteous and helpful, free internet access in lobby was very handy for checking things to do, coffee and biscuits in lobby too. Also tea and coffee making facilities in room. Room was small but really had everything we needed, and when in London, we wouldn't spend time in a hotel room! Full marks for a great stay!	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent	There are many bad hotels in this part of London - I've stayed in a few of them! This hotel was excellent - with the only caveat being the fact that the room was very small.Aside from that, it was very nicely decorated, with quality fittings, large widescreen tv with a good range of channels, decent bathroom (small, but great shower), comfortable bed etc and very clean. The free wifi access worked well.I'd be very happy to stay here again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Ok hotel	Ok hotel in good location. Booked a deluxe double but it really was quite small. cold/luke ware water in shower. Bathroom tiny. Reception Staff very friendly and access to internet for free there too which was a nice touch.	
Oct 6 2008 	Off to a great start	Well I stayed in a single room on the third floor for 16 nights. This hotel re-opened in early August following renovations. The ground floor contains reception and a lounge area with a very &quot;retro&quot; feel - art deco. Staff were friendly and responsive. WiFi and ethernet is available free of charge - I had no problems accessing. A/C in room worked well. Bathroom fitting and accessories are first class. Room was serviced daily and was spotless. Large flat screen TV , tea &amp; coffee making facilities along with a very large single bed - in 16 nights I had nothing to complain about - I'll be back!	
Nov 21 2009 	Hotel sencillo bien situado		
Nov 16 2009 	Oro parece plata no es		
Nov 11 2009 	incontournable pour une visite du centre de londres		
Sep 26 2009 	Per Londra ottimo albergo e buona zona		
May 15 2009 	TRES CORRECT		
Mar 7 2009 	Posizione centrale e pulizia eccellente		
Feb 10 2009 	Hotel eccezionale pulito in zona centrale! il migliore		
