Sep 15 2009 	Very basic but very clean	I stayed at the Chelsea Guest House as I had an assessment at the Southbank YMCA just down the road. I was a little worried as it is not a very pleasant area at night however it is much bigger than it looks and there were over 20 rooms occupied on the Monday night that I stayed. Although the single room i stayed in was small, it definately did the job. I stayed in a room right at the back so there was very little street noise (room 21) and i had a very comfortable night sleep. The TV only had the basic 5 channels but i wasn't expecting the full Sky package! The bathroom was impeccably clean and the shower was wonderful! The hotel staff were also kind enough to allow me to park my car in their car park for the day while i attended my assessment &quot;as long as it was gone by 5pm&quot; which was more than adequate. Staff were polite although I didn't really have much to do with them. I didn't eat their breakfast as i didn't have time and there was a McDonalds right next door anyway.For the price - this was brilliant.	
Sep 6 2009 	fine	i booked this as i was travelling to london to see my sister, it is exactly what you see on the internet and for the price we paid i think it was a perfect place to stay nice and close to victoria station.have to say had no problems here it is a bit noisy but what do you expect its central london near the airport!!!!!	
Aug 1 2009 	very noisy....	Positive points: The location and a very nice area.Negative points: very very noisy, even if you are not on the front part of the house.On top of heavy traffic, there is also a lot of flights (even during the night) every 2-5mn. The rooms are very bad isolated, and you can hear very easily your neighbourhood.Rooms &amp; bathroom dirty. You have also to wait a long time to have your breakfast (and you have to ask if you want toasts).	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic value for money and very clean	I stayed here for 3 nights and found it to be one of the cleanest hotels/guest houses that I have ever stayed in. The room was a good size with an ensuite bathroom and the location was perfect for travelling into Central London. I believe the photos on the website were a true representation of the actual hotel rooms and would definitely recommend as a good value and clean hotel for coming to stay in London.	
Apr 26 2009 	Small and not maintained rather pay more for a better guest house	Having checked into the guest house with friends, i was horrified to see how small the rooms were and the state of repair,Lamps were broken, holes on the walls and doors.Maids start hoovering corridors at 7.30am, so not chance of a lie in.Quilts paper thin and everything very dated.What you see on the web site is not what you are getting, would never stay there again!!!!!	
Feb 2 2009 	A very pleasant surprise	Having paid only £44 for a double room for a Saturday night, we were not expecting much, but am pleased to say this turned out to be a really good find. Our room was spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom. The bed was comfy and the room of a decent size. The shower was very great - knocking away the cobwebs from the night before.It's not the Ritz but for the price paid it's well worth it if you are looking for a place to lay your head and, like us, only were there to sleep after a night out on the sauce.	
Oct 14 2008 	Good if you're on a budget!	This hotel is located in Zone 2, south of the Thames. Good to know if you're planning to see the sites and will be relying on public transport, as you'll likely end up paying for a day pass for Zones 1 &amp; 2, which costs 10 GBP a day. The rooms were clean, although the window was broken, and the bathroom is very, very small. Towels provided, and basic TV as well. Walls are very thin, as others have noted, so would definitely recommend ear plugs. We used them, and slept fine. The hotel is in a slightly dodgy area, so would not recommend walking home at night. Buses run from the tube station fairly regularly, and overall, we thought it was good value by London standards, although we probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 29 2008	noisey hotel dodgy area	this a very basic MOTEL not a hotel as that would mean a tv room and dinning area and smilling staff VERY NOISEY WITH PEOPLE SLAMMING DOORS AND WATCHING TV AT ALL HOURS (1am 2am 3am) we were unlucky enough to get room 13 at the old front part of the hotel wich lacks any double glazing the road is very noisey as its one of the MAIN ROADS in south london and low level (200ft) jumbos fly over every 10mins WE ALSO GOT SORE NECKS FROM ONLY HAVING ONE PILLOW??????????????? take my advice dont stay here !! if the polish staff would smile there faces would crack in two AND IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PHOTOS ON THE WEB SITE THATS LIES	
Jul 12 2008 	if you like sharing your bed this is the place for you!!!	Stayed here for 2 nights in July as working nearby,first impressions wasnt to bad,after all its only somewhere to sleep if your out all day but i draw the line at finding BEDBUGS on the mattress!!!!but what i really found unbelieviable was that the manager/receptionist accused me of bringing them into the hotel!!Needless to say i will be informing the local enviromental health.	
May 21 2008	Not good	We stayed here four nights, and would have left five minutes after we got there but it was late at night and we had no other place to go. First the positives:It is right on the bus line, and not too far from restaurants.Now the negatives:- The rooms are very small.- The place is noisy, and sounds like a dungeon with the clanking of the doors late at night.- We were lucky and got a room away from the street, but facing the street would be very noisy.- There was no night tables, and the table lamp sat on the floor.- The TV remote did not work and the TV had problems.- The toilet was plugged, and when it was flushed it sounded like a plane taking off.- The bathroom was so small it was hard to turn around in it.- The bedroom was small, with about a foot between tthe two small twin beds. - The chest of drawers was falling apart.- The rate was 59 pounds a night.-It is nothing like the room that they describe on their web page.	
Oct 23 2007 	Basic Bed in London	I stayed at the Chelsea Guest House for 3 nights. My initial impression of the area was dubious as the railway station is quite lonely, however this improved once I got my bearings). The guest house is cheap - no frills - but I had a comfortable double bed and clean ensuite shower. They do not provide breakfast but there are a number of places in the immediate vicinity where you can get some, although I did not do this.Ask for a room at the back of the building as the guest house is on a busy road and the traffic noise early in the morning is quite bad.	
Oct 16 2008 	Un po lontanoma a buon prezzo!		
Oct 5 2008 	????????????		
Sep 23 2008 	Ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo		
