Oct 16 2009 	A Nightmare Hotel	This was the worst travel experience of my life. We were charged the full amount of our stay from the beginning. That should have been a red flag. Think we know why. Most people probably want to leave as soon as they discover the truth about this hotel.Most of the staff are all family members and are completely indifferent, rude, and dishonest. We checked out immediately when we were told that no heat was available and that we could not have any blankets. We were told that no hotels in London had heat at this time of the year (not true!). They would not refund our money, kept telling us to come back and see the manager who never showed, we were charged for two days even though we were in the room for one and a half hours (spent unpacking our bags, then realized how cold the room was when we sat down). Finally refunded us one of our three days after many times trying to see the manager (whom we never saw--only heard her in a monologue over the phone) So we have filed dispute claim with credit card company's against this hotel. Now as a side note, there were no extra pillows, they would only give you one room card even though two people were staying in the room, there was no bath mats, the chair for the desk missing from the room, there were no shampoos and toiletries, no stationery...we were told if they put blankets and pillows in the room they get stolen. We knew the rooms would be small. That was not the problem. The problem was no heat or blankets in October in London, and a manager and staff who could care less and would tell untruths again and again. We checked into a hotel two doors down which had heat and a caring staff. That room was actually smaller and slightly slanted on the fifth floor. But we didn't care. We had heat and kindness!	
Sep 7 2009 	Neat clean and well located. Rooms somewhat small.	Great for two people. Bit small for three (2 adults and a teenager) Great location. Very clean and well maintained.	
Aug 12 2009 	Tiny rooms but good for a day or two	This is definitely a hotel you don't want to &quot;hang out&quot; in. The rooms are tiny! It's the tiniest room (except for a capsule hotel in Tokyo) that I've ever been. But if you are going to be out and about all day sightseeing or having meeting, then it's good enough for sleeping and leave early next day. The breakfast food (included in the price) leaves a lot to desire, so don't count heavy on it. Although there's a few nice cafes around. The best thing for me is that it's one block from Paddington and this is great to get to the airport (Heathrow). Unfortunately, no free wifi. Other hotel around the area do have it though.	
Aug 7 2009	More Cons than Pros	My mother and I stayed here twice during our UK trip (we flew to Ireland for a few days in between). While we certainly didn't have a horrible or traumatizing experience, our stay wasn't exactly positive enough for us to want to stay here again.Yes, the hotel rooms are very small (this is apparently the norm in London) but, then again, whole point of being in London is to be out sightseeing and soaking up the culture-- not hanging out in a hotel room all day.Pros: Very clean room, new elevator (but not for ALL rooms), free breakfast (from 7:30 to 9am only), private and clean bathroom, hair dryer in each room, EXCELLENT location (Paddington station is directly around the corner as is the Hilton, where many bus tour companies pick up. There's also no shortage of restaurants and you're walking distance to Hyde Park), sodas and water bottles are reasonably priced, and someone is there 24hrs a day at the front desk.Cons: Extremely small room, unable to turn in shower (let alone shave your legs), staff at desk is horribly rude and unhelpful (they're all foreigners who don't seem to have a clue where anything is or how to get around), the cleaning lady came in without knocking at 10:30am on day one while we were still in bed to take our comforters (I was horrified! It's one thing if the maid comes in accidentally, apologizes and leaves, but she made no apologies would not leave until we handed over our comforters!), no refrigerator use ANYWHERE in hotel, TV in the first room we stayed in had only 5 channels (second room was much better), air conditioning costs 5 pounds extra per day, and wireless internet (which the old lady at the front desk, who happened to be the OWNER, had no idea about) costs ten pounds for 24 hours.	
Aug 5 2009 	Small 	This is a very small hotel, do not expect much. They are trying to save money eveywhere, for example at breakfast, you get tiny plates (as for coffee), you do not get a fork, because for butter and bread you do not need it. They change you towels just in every 2 days, but they fold all the towels together even the one you put on the floor...They do not give you shampoo &amp; the soap is very tiny &amp; it is your responsibility to ask for new one, when previous one is gone...The old lady at the reception does not do any effort to help you, it is always: &quot;we can not... it is impossible...&quot;, others were better.	
Jul 25 2009 	Rooms were satisfactory but concierge desk poor!	The Olympic Hotel's rooms were very small but satisfactory, neat and updated. The breakfast personnel were very friendly and the breakfast was very basic. Our biggest complaint is that the ammenities that we found on the internet for the hotel were not all present. There was no trouser press, ironing facilities, Alarm Clock radio, and the hotel bar and lounge area VERY SMALL, and not welcoming. Seemed to be full of the owners family most times. We asked for ice and were laughed at, basically! There was an air conditioner, but the internet did not mention that it was 5pounds/daily extra!	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location	This hotel was perfect for a place to sleep. when you are in London you don't spend loads of time in your room, so the fact that it was small was really no problem. Breakfast is basic, but again it does the job. Everything is very clean and kept to a good standard. We would definitely stay in this area again and there are a few pubs and restaurants around if you don't want to travel too far in the evening.	
Jun 28 2009 	Small hotel - great location - small hot rooms	Stayed for few nights while in London. Hotel is in a row with many others close to Paddington. It's a clean and good value hotel, but don't expect anything more. Rooms are small and at least during winter very hot / cold at nights. Rooms are heated in the evenings (battery close to your bed is hot as hell) and then it is turned off at night and turned on again in the morning... Hard to sleep when your bed-temperature is in rapid change :-) Breakfast is very basic but eatable.	
Jun 11 2009 	So Clean	Happy to report that this hotel was VERY clean, could not fault it.	
May 28 2009 	Small Clean but VERY Small.	The Olympic is set in a row of similar hotels. The hotel is small, quite and clean, did I mention small? My room was narrow enough that I could stretch out my arms and touch the walls. Using the toilet involved some interesting positioning to fit your legs under the sink. They advertise air conditioning which appears to only exist in the lobby. But for the price, you could do much worse. Water pressure (a pet peeve of mine) was fine (I stayed on the 1st floor). The provided breakfast was a bit of a non-starter also. Packaged croissants, a bit of luncheon meat and cheese, boiled eggs and toast.The hotel is convenient to Paddington Station, just a few minutes walk and is in very pleasant surroundings. So, if you are just looking for an inexpensive place to sleep and you don't want any amenities, I recommend it. If, like me you are staying for a week then it get's very claustrophobic very quickly.	
Apr 16 2009 	Too Noisy	We stayed at this hotel over Easter and were very disappointed with it. We were given a basement room which was adequate regarding size and comfort with a very compact but perfectly functional ensuite shower etc.What we didn't expect was the noise that would start every morning about 4am when what we presumed were staff started arriving &quot;thumping&quot; across the reception area above our room. This then led on to doors being slammed at about 5am,followed by extractors being switched on and the general noise that accompanies hotel kitchen activity at around 6am, definately no need for an early alarm call from this lot. What was worse was that this carried on every morning for the four nights we stayed. We did ask for a transfer after the first night but they couldn't accomodate us as the hotel was full, and we got no apology for the disturbance. Maybe the other rooms were ok, we'll never know but I do know that we'll never go back there as you never know what room we'll be allocated.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good Value	Have stayed in several Hotels near Paddington and found that this Hotel is comparatively clean and provides good value. Single room was quite small but adequate. Fixtures were updated. Breakfast was basic but meets needs. Staff was efficient. Seems to be well managed.	
Mar 25 2009 	Refurbished to a standard above nearby competitors	I've stayed in the Paddington and King's Cross areas several times. This hotel is one of the better ones in terms of the newness of the fittings - elevator, carpets, beds, bathrooms are all new. The only downside of this hotel is the size of the rooms. I had a single and it was tiny. Not a big problem as I did not spend much time in my room anyway. I think they should extend their breakfast time to 10:00 am, particularly on the weekends. Also free high speed internet would have been nice.	
Mar 20 2009 	Central location small rooms	We got the essentials, a clean room, toilet, shower and TV, but that's about it. I suppose for the price you could expect it, but it was a very small room, pretty much enough space for a bed. The bathroom was equally small with barely enough room to fit the toilet, sink and shower. Being near Paddington and the tube it's in a very convenient place, but it's definitely a tourist area with lots of hotels all around it. A minimal (cold) breakfast was included with our stay.	
Jan 15 2009 	Ticked the boxes	We wanted a family room that was clean, not too expensive, nicely decorated and convenient for sightseeing in London. The Olympic House Hotel ticked these boxes. The receptionist was polite, although, after having read previous reviews I was not about to be a demanding customer and risk the wrath of the proprietess (whom we only met on the last day as we checked out).The triple room I shared with my son and daughter was not huge, but it was warm, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was quite smart (although plug was missing from the bath - presumably to save water - fair enough, we had showers).Breakfast was OK - cold meat, cheese, white toast, boiled eggs, cereal &amp; coffee. Breakfast staff were friendly and helpful.The great thing about this hotel is its location - 3 minute walk to Padddington main-line and tube stations, just across the road from Hyde Park, lots of local restaurants (not posh, but some rather nice).We had a whale of a time sightseeing, and coming back to a comfortable room was all we were looking for. This hotel is fine if tthat's what you want too.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great Place Low Price	Perfect for a short stay. Rooms are very clean, friendly staff, good continental breakfast, low nightly rate, SkyTV, and great location. It's ideal for someone look for a room to sleep and occasional breaks from sightseeing. The size of the room and private bathroom are typical for Europe, but sufficient. Hotel does not provide shampoo, so come prepared. Overall, I would certaintly stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Olympic was fine	Our stay at the Olympic House Hotel was a good experience. I was a little worried but the lady who checked us in was very friendly and helpful. We had a quad room and it was a tight fit but we managed and being in London we were only in the room to sleep. The beds were comfortable and it was so quiet. Hard to believe there was so much going on outside. The location is fantastic, we all loved London, we had beautiful weather and a wonderful time. Whatever we asked for we received - extra pillows, how to get places, internet access. So we had no complaints and would stay there again.	
Oct 31 2008 	Clean Nicely Renovated Convenient Location	I was very pleasantly surprised by how nicely this hotel has been renovated, how clean the rooms are, how convenient it is to Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express), and the helpfulness of the front desk staff. Remember to bring an alarm clock (oddly there was no clock in the room) and also bring shampoo since this is also not supplied. The telephone in my room did not work and the room was a bit chilly in the late afternoon and early evening as the heating system seems to be on a timer and doesn't come on until about 8:30 pm, but these are minor complaints. This hotel provides excellent value for money. I would stay there again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Very good hotel. Decent value. Great location	Great location near Paddingtion Station. Rooms were small, but typical for London. Very clean room, and breakfast/eating area. Good (enough) breakfast. Courteous staff. Quiet at night despite busy street, and we stayed on floor level.If you have an infant and a pram, ask for a triple room. Costs a bit more, but worth it. Plus, they may not let you stay in a standard double b/c of pram.	
Sep 26 2008 	A good experience	I started to reconsider if I should change my reservation, after I read some reviews in here, but gave it a go, and I don't regret it.Stayed for three night with family in a quad room, which was a bit small for the four of us, but the main thing was that it was clean every day. One double beds and two large single beds was nice and comfy, but missed a few extra pillows in the room.The bathroom was nice and clean, although it was a bit small.The room had an electrical outlet for 230V (European) and a nice flat screen tv with over 20 tv channels. Wifi internet was available at the price of £10 per day or £5 per hour.It worked perfectly, and even had the bandwidth to stream a live football match.When it comes to the staff, they weren't actually the most polite nor enthusiastic, but if you were nice to them, they were nice to you.The hotel is located in a busy street among plenty other hotels, and there's a short walk to everything you need. Kiosks, cafés, bars, pubs, restaurants, and of course the underground (Paddington, or Lancaster gate)We also left our luggage in the back, the day we checked out, and was no problem at all.A good stay, with no problems at all.	
Sep 15 2008 	Very good	I had a good stay at the Olympic house hotel. The room was comfortable (pleanty of space for a single room) efficient new shower, good bed, and a Tv with more than 30 channels. Propably the toilet was only low point as it was tiny, but with this price it was good.The location was brilliant as well, on a lovely street just few blocks from Paddington station and Hyde park. On London standarts this place is gold!The only thing that made me wonder was that when I booked directly from their own website, I did request a non-smoking and quiet room, and I got a room directly from the first floor above the entrance door with a view to the street. In the room there was an ashtray as well on the desk. But I couldn't smell any cigarette smoke although I sniffed the curtains and bedlinen to be sure. They even have this box on the booking page where you can mark if you wish to get a smokers room and I didn't. Strange.About the staff, well the woman (blonde) mentioned here was okay. I even had a smile from her when checked in, but when I checked out she was much more interested to continue chatting with her grandma (?) at the reception then noticing that I was there in the reception waiting to get served. But, I couldn't care less, cause the place was just great! That's the tip I would give everyone else as well when it comes to this woman -&gt; don't care about her.I never made it to breakfast as it ends 9.00 am, but near Paddington station they have breakfast places with 4-6£ a meal.There are tens of hotels on the same street as well on the other streets behind the hotel, but I checked some of these hotels in here and they don't seem to have the good standart as this one does. I will definitely come back here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great hotel-not so great staff	I've stayed at this hotel twice, the reason I came back was because of the perfect location in Paddington, the hotel is surrounded with cosy restaurants, pubs and shops, tube station just around the corner, M&amp;S only a block away etc. I also loved my room, it was clean (and I'm a perfectionist) and I loved the shower. I didn't hear any noise from traffic or underground trains.The staff however, isn't very friendly. The old lady who is limping around in the reception area and the breakfast room is...hard work to put it nicely. When you get back to the hotel after a night out she's staring at you as if you were a cockroach or something. There's always a risk you get yelled at if you ask the wrong questions..and infact even perfectly normal question like &quot;when is my room ready&quot;, &quot;how do I call to Sweden&quot; etc. When I had my breakfast she was rude to the breakfast staff (who btw seemed to work in their pj's!) which was disturbing. The blonde woman in the reception is almost as rude and unhelpful, but I did meet two people in the staff who were actually friendly, and the cleaning ladies are great so there's hope.The breakfast is very simple, eggs (cooked so long they were green), ham, milk and wholegrain cereal, marmelade in small packages and toast, te/coffee. NO vegetables whatsoever! The kitchen hygiene worried me when I saw a wet and dirty towel on the floor that the staff kept walking on..it looked sleasy.I still find this hotel, with it's flaws to be worthy its price because of the clean rooms, the noise-free surroundings and the perfect location. It's simple but has everything you need unless you're the extravagant type, perhaps a more friendly approach from the staff would be a good thing.	
Aug 7 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed for two nights in the family room right off of the lobby. The room was small but bearable with two twin beds and a double. The bathroom was also small but very clean, modern and well thought out. The staff is a bit hit or miss. Two of the older people working the desk were very unfriendly and rude, but during other shifts the staff were very helpful and friendly. They would only give us 1 room key and you had to ask for the phone to be given a line to make outside calls, but those were pretty minor. The room was a great value and as long as you can take people's attitudes with a grain of salt, your stay will be fine.	
Aug 7 2008 	Summary of several stays at this hotel	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times since it was refurbished in 2007. I completely agree with the other reviews regarding the somewhat strange disposition of the owner and the very basic breakfast - as well as the limited time to enjoy it (7.30 - 9.00), but if you disregard that then it is one of the best value for money places in town. The cleanliness and general condition of the rooms by far surpasses all of the other hotels in this convenient location in Paddington. In all my stays the rooms have always been spotless and the condition of the lavatory/shower was excellent. That is the most important thing for me, since I never spend much time at the hotel during the day anyway.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nightmare Hotel!!!!!	Me and my family stayed at this nightmare hotel for 10 solid days! When we arrived and checked in, the staff wasn’t any welcoming. Not even a ‘’hello’’ or as much as ‘’how are you?’’, not even a smile on their faces. We felt slightly uncomfortable at that time, but didn’t think much about it afterwards. Our triple ensuite was clean and neat, although it was kind of small (regular in London). It didn’t have any safe deposit box or a mini bar. The air-condition wasn’t working at the time we walked in the room, so me and my family went down to the reception to ask them if they could fix it. An old lady (which I think is the owner) said that it would cost us £10 extra per day. It was too hot in the room at that moment, we didn’t have any choice but to pay for the air-condition. The very next day we went down to the breakfast area which was too small for the guests that were staying there. The food that was served there was poor, unless you like the old ladies nasty fingers all over your toast, processed cheese and ham, watery juice and disgusting tea and coffee. The breakfast time was very limited, from 07.30 - 09.00 am. You have to wait for 15 to 25 minutes to get a table, since it is always crowded. When we got back to our room after the horrible breakfast, we noticed that the air-condition was turned off. This was very annoying for us because the room was too hot to stay in. On our way down, I talked to a blonde woman and the old lady behind the reception. They came up with all of these pathetic excuses, saying that they ‘’accidently’’ switched off the air-condition and that it has to be off for at least 1 hour for the motor to cool down (doesn’t air condition have to work 24/7 without any breaks?!?) These people were controlling the air-condition from behind the reception all the time, and they only switched it off to save money for themselves. When we returned from our day in the city, we always noticed that the air-condition was turned off, and remember they said that it had to be off for only 1 hour. Now it had been off for at least 10 hours every single day. When you pay extra, it should be running 24/7! Whenever we complaint to them, they were rude and not helpful in any way (This goes to the old and blonde lady). This was getting really annoying for us so we fought with them almost every day for the air-condition to be switched on 24 hours. Even when we told them, they turned it off. Me and my family were not satisfied with their rude behaviour towards us, but we did not have any other choice to change hotels because we had already paid for the room and weren’t able to get any refund back. The 2 people from the staff were always telling us how rude the owners were to the costumers and to them. These were the ONLY nice persons in the entire hotel. Since this is a private driven hotel, all of the owner’s friends and family were usually sitting in the lobby making loud noises all night long. I thought this was more of a retirement home then a hotel. The night before checkout, I called my travel agent and asked him if I should pay extra for the air-conditioning in the room, he then said that we had already paid and that it should be included in the price of the triple ensuite. So we agreed that we wouldn’t pay £100 for 10 days. When I brought this up to the blonde lady in the reception at checkout time the next day, she started to attack us fiercely, screaming and shouting. Two young girls that I think were her daughters were also attacking us as well. To make the situation even worse, the old lady appeared in front of us and threatened to hit one of my family members, but she got stopped by one of the young girls. We told them that we were going to call the police after that. They got scared when we brought the police’s name up and told us to get out of their hotel, right in front of 3 of their guests. The time at that moment was 09.30 am. We had paid to stay there till 11.00 am. They did not have any right to throw us out of their before 11.00 am, but they did it anyway. Some of the guests and people outside the hotel overheard the whole drama, that’s why they kicked us outside where the rain was poring down along with our luggage. They didn’t even give us time to call for a cab, so we had to search for one in the rain. I have literally travelled to a lot places around the world and this has been a horrible experience for our vacation in London. I have never in my whole life seen any hotel staff that would treat us this way. What these people are doing is illegal, and it should be banned forever. If the police knew this, they would shut the whole place down. But many of the guests that complaints are being too kind hearted to report it. The kitchens hygiene was poor, and we got sick of the breakfast that was served there. The only positive thing was that Paddington Station and Hyde Park were very close to the hotel. Overall we paid around £150 for every single night. This hotel was not worth the money! I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone! Please go and search for another one, if you want to avoid all of the nasty things that happened to us!	
Jul 16 2008	Very nice hotel in Paddington...	We booked a room for three persons at the Olympic House Hotel and we were very satisfied with our stay. Our room was small (as always in London) but very nice, clean and comfortable. There were no place to put the suitecase on which basically were the only thing we missed during our stay but we had no problems living with that anyway. The bathroom was quite small but very nice and clean.We had to catch an early train one morning and the manager behind the desk was very helpful and let us have our breakfast 20 minutes before it opened (normaly at 0730). Great! The breakfast was included in our stay and was also very good!I have been at several other hotels in the Paddington area before and this is without doubt the best hotel I have seen here so far. It was a little bit more expensive then a budget hotel in this area but without doubt worth every extra pound. I will probably stay here again! Finally...as a hint if this hotel is full you can also try the Piccolino hotel which is located quite close to the Olympic House hotel and also very nice and clean!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Good Value 	I stayed here for two separate nights. The location could not be better. It is very close to Paddington Station and only a brief walk to Hyde Park. The hotel is on a busy road but the noise was no problem as it was cool enough weather not to need the window open. One room had been a smokers room so there was a lingering smell of smoke but it is now non-smoking. The bathrooms are tiny but adequate. Best of all was that the rooms on both occasions were very clean. There was a person on the desk at night. Breakfast downstairs was more than adequate. The staff were very pleasant. I would definitely recommend particularly as the cost was very good value for a clean, renovated hotel in a great location.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice stay near Paddington Station	Stayed here for 5 nights at the end of May. Staff was generally friendly when we needed something. The continental breakfast was simple but adequate for a light morning meal. We were on the 4th floor and had no trouble with noise. The weather was mild when we were visiting, and the temperature of our room was comfortable. However, I'd imagine it could get pretty warm on hot days without any fans or A/C. We liked the location of the hotel as it was very convenient to Paddington station, plenty of restaurants, and not far from Hyde Park. Would stay again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Excellent Value	Very clean and modern hotel. Small room and bathroom, but perfectly clean. Great shower. Perfect for a place to sleep after a long day out. If you're looking for a big room to spend a lot of time in, this might feel cramped. But it was perfect for me and my husband as a stopping point in our travels. Breakfast was good. Front desk was friendly enough. Elevator a definite plus. Probably the best hotel you can find at the price.	
May 25 2008	Depends what you looking for	Just returned from a 3 day visit to London, and I have had the most difficult time as usual balancing between comfort, cost, and convenience when accommodations are concerned. For me, I must say I don't usually care too much about the size of the hotel room (provided that it is clean and relatively quiet), but the location and ease to get around town are usually what appeal to me the most at the end when all things are said and done. Like many previous reviews of this location, it is indeed very close to Paddington Station, so getting around town should not be a major issue. The rooms are small, very small. My single room consists of a single bed, a small desk/chair, a small dresser, and that's it. The bathroom is also small, but the shower is one of the smallest I have ever used -1/4 pie shape with no elbow room whatsoever. Oh, bring shampoo and soap as well (as other reviewers have previously described).The walls are rather thin, but at least I got a 3rd floor room and traffic outside was not loud enough to keep me awake at night. Don't expect a room to be ready by 1pm. I had the opportunity to encounter the elderly lady/owner of the hotel (see other reviews of this hotel), and I behaved extra nice so that I would avoid the unpleasantries that other reviews had encountered. Still, she said no more than 5 words to me during check in.The breakfast menu is sparse, but for me, a bowl of cereal, orange juice, toasts, is enough to tie me over till lunch. A couple months ago I stayed at the Dorchester and paid about 4 times as much. The room was definitely bigger and nicer at the Dorchester, but I spent the money saved at the Olympic House for lunch at Alain Ducasse instead. It really does depend on what you are looking for.	
Apr 24 2008 	Nice hotel for your $	We booked this hotel directly through their website and everything went smoothly. I researched for a while and this hotel seemed to have one of the best price/reviews combined. We got to London Friday night and the hotel was at a very good location, about a 2 min walk from Paddington train station. Paddington is a great location because there are direct trains connecting to Heathrow airport. Check in was fine. The rooms are definitely VERY small. It wasn't a problem though as everything was very new/clean. Amenities were very basic - tv, blowdryer and towels. No fridge, soap or even tissues. However we didn't have a problem without these things. Breakfast like many others have said was super basic. But I was fine eating a few pieces of toasts with a pot of tea. The staff down there were very pleasant. My overall impression &amp; experience with this hotel was very positive. I only had 2 problems. 1. They wash towels every other day, which was fine with us. However they didn't tell us there. There were no signs. We usually just throw our towels on the floor and one night we realized they were kind of damp and when we asked that's when they told us towels are only washed every other day. If we had known we definitely would not throw them on the floor!2. The older lady that's always around (I think she's the owner) is really mean. Two lights in our room weren't working and when w asked about it she said it was impossible. So then she came up to the room to take a look. First she was convinced we touched it or did something to it. Then she asked why we even need so many lights. What kind of customer service is that? She was generally very unhelpful and had a bad attitude. For this reason alone I would not stay at this hotel again. I hope no one will have to come in contact with her during their stay!	
Mar 20 2008 	Excelent	The hotel is very well, the rooms are small, but very confortable, new and clean, more than the others hotel i saw in this web when i was looking for an hotel in london...the bathroom is very small, but, very clean and good shower. the hotel is not incredible, but is better i thought...the reception people are friendly...the breakfast is ok, milk, coffee, toast, ham and cheese, i think is enough.The hotel is in a quite and nicely zone near two underground stops, paddington and lancaster gate, this station is in the central line, only five minutes to the center...and is in front of hyde park.if i came back to london, i would like to book this hotel again...	
Mar 18 2008 	Very pleased with my choice!	Very good location, very central - minutes away from Hyde Park and Oxford Street; a 10-minute bus ride away from Victoria Station. Very nice and clean room (although a bit small).Very nice staff (I was even helped to prepare a surprise - a fruit cake - for my boyfriend's birthday!) :).A bit disappointed at breakfast - the food was ok, though not as diverse as in other hotels I've been.All in all, I enjoyed my stay (all the way :P)!	
Mar 1 2008 	Do not stay here.	We arrived at the hotel on Friday evening and entered our room after checking in. Our room was downstairs from the reception in the basement and was what can only be described as a box of a room even by London standards. Being down in the basement below the reception all you could hear all night was the night porter and manager/owner walking up and down and talking to each other all night. The window did not open to the outside but onto an alley way of the hotel looking into another window onto the breakfast room. This poised great problems each morning as people would stand outside the window during breakfast talking and smoking with the smell of smoke drifting into the room, not a pleasant experience for a non smoker to wake up to. The Shower room door did not fully open as the bed was blocking it due to the small size of the room meaning you had to squeeze through the door and once in the shower room you had no room to move. A minor complaint also would be that there was no complimentary shower gels and shampoos that you expect when staying in a hotel nor was there any tea and coffee making facilities in the room. These are only small factors compared to my main complaint to follow but you do tend to expect them.As soon as we entered the room we were not happy and as this was supposed to be a special weekend away for my girlfriends 21st Birthday. I went up to reception to request a different room. I was told by the night ported that there was nothing wrong with the room and that we couldn't change anyway as the hotel was full. This left my girlfriend in tears as this is not how she pictured her 21st birthday being spent. So I called Hotelopia who we had booked with. I was asked if i had requested a room change at the hotel which i informed the lady i had but was told there was none available. She said she understood why i was not happy and suggested i wrote a request to you for a refund when i got home. I explained that this wasn't really acceptable as it was not a refund i was after, just an acceptable room to stay in for this once in a lifetime occasion. I asked if they could move me into a different hotel, to which i was told this was not possible. She recommended that i found another hotel myself and then get a letter from the hotel to say i have checked out early and you would refund me for these days. (This is what i thought we would do, but the next day all the hotels in the area were either fully booked for the weekend or charged gastronomic rates due to the rest being full.)When getting into bed we noticed a stain on the top sheet, upon closer inspection this appeared to be blood. As we were so tired at this point i just took the top sheet off the bed and were going to make do with the others. However the second sheet also was stained with some disgusting white substance. So again i went up to reception to request some clean sheets. The porter told me he would not change the sheets as the ones we had were clean. I asked him to come and see them as they were not clean, he told me to bring them upstairs instead. When i showed him the 1st blood stain he said they were not stains but just part of the pattern. This was obviously not the case as the pattern was repeated but the blood stain was not. Then when I showing him the second stain he claimed there was no stain even though it was clearly visible. He also said that there was no other sheets in the hotel anyway so he could not change them if he wanted to. I asked just for a wafer thin white sheet to keep us slightly warm in bed, he said he would try and find one, so i left the other sheet in reception for him to take away. At this point someone who i can only assume is the owner came over and started shouting at me for leaving the sheets in his reception, the the ported came around and asked why i left the sheets there. I explained that i thought he was going to take them away as i didn't want dirty sheets in my room. The owner said they were not dirty and started threatened that i have come here looking for trouble.If there was another option i would have walked out of the hotel but we simply had no other place to go. This would not have been a place i would have wanted to stay even if i was being paid to be there let alone having to pay to be there. I was not treated like a customer but like they were doing me a favor by letting me stay at their hotel.This experience ruined my girlfriends 21st birthday and we would never book a hotel through Hotelopia again as they were no help even after we returned home and complained to them. They decided to fully back up the hotel and said they have never had a bad review about this hotel before, which is not the case reading through other reviews on here.I will in future be booking through big hotel chains rather than individual hotels as at least you get treated like a customer with these. I even wish i have stayed with travel lodge who offered me rooms from £26, but I thought this place would be more special!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Pleased with the Olympic House Hotel	I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site, so I thought it was fair to make my own review of the hotel.The hotel is very near Paddington rail and underground station and it's a short walk from there to Sussex Gardens. The hotel is located next to other hotels, some shabby, some more known as the Days Inn.We were greeted by a friendly woman behind the reception and check in was quick thanks to the fact that we've booked everything via hotelopia.com. We were given room 605, which was downstairs from the main entrance, near the breakfast room.The room was a double room, with two beds. It wasn't a big room, but it was clean and the furniture looked new. The beds were maybe a little to hard for someone's comfort, however I slept in worse beds. The badroom was small, but clean, with a great shower and new clean towels everyday.I think the room can be warm during the summer, but now the temperature was okay. Being downstairs near the breakfast room means that people are walking past your room from quite early in the morning, so if you are a light sleeper, make sure you get another room or get earplugs. While in the room, we heared a rumbling and after a while we realised it was the tube underneath. It wasn't disturbing by the way, just a funny thing to notice.Breakfast was very poverish, only cheese, ham, serials, jams, butter and toast. Don't drink the orange juice, it looks okay but doesn't taste like orange juice. Although breakfast wasn't all that, I didn't expected it to be, so no disappointment from me here. (You can always eat breakfast at Garfunkel's near Paddington Station...)All in all, you get what you pay for, but I found it worth the money while citytripping London. Clean rooms, conveniently located and great rates. I will definitely use this hotel the next time.	
Jan 8 2008 	Ok	My friend and i stayed at this hotel in november-december 2007( for a week) Paddignton station and tube are just around the corner. The hotel is clean considering that it has been recently renovated. They have modern elevators and in the room new nd nice bathroom. The real sense of clean i can't guarantee because in my opinion the maid cleans the rooms &quot;on the surface&quot; and very fast. One night we came back to the room and my friend decided to take a shower before going out and i heard her grunt and almsot scream so i went to see what happend and she was holding a moist and dirty towel , the one we putted on the bathroom floor in the morning whit other towels that we wanted changed but the maid just folded them and put them back on the shelf. When we told her about it in the morning the answer was that : in this hotel they change the towels every 2 days. She never even aplogiesed for what she did.On the second night i've asked the receptionist if i can get a tea pot or something in my room she treated me as if i asked her to lick my feet or something. ( they don't offer that service) She was very rude.The rudness doesn't stop here. One morning i was to tierd to go down for breakfast so my friend said that she'll go and will bring food for us. But she was stop by an old greek lady ( the owners are greek) that almost screamed at her and told her that she can't bring food to the room because of the smell yada yada yada and then when my friend sat down to eat she came and told her that she has to go because she's alone and there's a family waiting to sit down and she's taking the space of 4. But there;s only tables of 4!!!!!In conlusion the room was pretty ok whit a nice bathroom , the breakfast is included ( the choices are: 2 types of cereal, toast, jam, ham, cheese, boiled eggs and coffee or tea and terrible orange juice) it's served from 6:30-9 ( wich i find to early, because even if you come at 8:50 you are giving the evil eye).The staff is rude except the 2 indian guys, they rock!!!	
Nov 25 2007 	Perfect stay at the Olympic House Hotel	I booked the Olympic House Hotel in August 2007 for a three night stay in November. The booking process was simple and complication free, apart from one problem, at time of booking I emailed the hotel and stated that I would require parking, I have stayed along this strip previously (Sussex Gardens) and know that the parking that each hotel has is limited. I contacted the hotel about a week before to confirm that parking would be fine as requested and I was informed that there was no parking available which really threw our trip into turmoil as there was very few spaces left in any other hotel. I mention this issue only to stress the importance of ensuring that the parking is reserved for you and emails are not 'lost'. Although the biggest point to make is that as soon as the issue arose it was dealt with by the fantastic manager Andrea who completely took the issue on and assured me that it would be solved, which it was, she gave us her space, which we kept until there was parking available. We actually managed to stay in this space the entire stay by parking in such a way as to accommodate two cars. Parking issue aside, the hotel interior was immaculate throughout, very clean and new, everything and more you can expect from this price range. As previously mentioned we had stayed at other hotels in this strip that weren't as nice as this. The room was small but they always are here and its all we needed, it was very well presented and had a new flat screen wall mounted tv. It is worth noting that the mattress was quite hard so may be uncomfortable for some. There was also one pillow each and no extras offered which was an issue for me as I always need more. The bathroom again was immaculate and the shower was modern and of good quality. The breakfast was the usual, continental breakfast, cereal, toast, egg, cheese and ham. Of good standard and was more than enough. If you're not a fan of being made to sit on other peoples tables beware though as one of the breakfast staff did tend to cram people together. All in all I would definitely stay here again, good value at around £200 for three nights, immaculately presented throughout and a very helpful manager, and not to mention a fantastic location, just a 2 minute walk to Paddington tube station. (just ensure that if you have a car, make absolutely sure parking is available).	
Nov 12 2007 	Good deal!!!!	I was afraid to stay in this hotel due the past advises but It was really good. The staff was friendly, rooms look just like new and all facilities are fine. I was amazed by the size of LCD TV on my room as well as the location that is excellent by Paddington. The single room was a quite small for 6 nights due my work but it wasn't a major problem for this low budget per night.	
Nov 4 2007 	Nice location value for money	I visited London with family (sister and parents), have booked a twinand a double room. The double one was really tiny, the twin was okay in size. Both rooms freshly refurbished, with tv (6 channels, though- maybe it wasn't tuned).The real thing is the location (Sussex Gardens), which is about 10 minutes walk from Hyde Park and Baker Street. Staff was neutral, but we didn't meet them much. Would recommend it to couples, familys used to little rooms and everybody who don't have unlimited reasources but want a nice stay in London. (for those interested: wireless internet costs 10 GBP / day and its speed is okay, about 40-50k)	
Oct 7 2007 	very very basic	It’s in a decent area, but I’ve never stayed in such a basic hotel. Not even a kettle in there, pots of coffee available at extra cost.I only booked it based on this websites rating, but I’m glad to see that has dropped.I didn't have any problems with cleanliness, but the noise was ridiculous as i was near the breakfast room also, and every door opening and anybody whispering on their walk there could be heard.It suited the purpose but next time I’ll stick to a travel lodge or similar, which i'd been trying to avoid for the trip	
Sep 28 2007	Fit for Twiggy	Stayed for three nights with other half recently. Arriving at the hotel we found an american gentleman at the reception desk apparently checking-out and asking how he could make a local call. An elderly lady behind the desk, while looking down, in a totally indiffent voice told him there was no public phone at the hotel. No eye contact, no use of name, no offer to use the hotel phone, couldn't care less attitude. The man just couldn't believe that a hotel didn't have a public phone threw his hands in the air and appeared to accept defeat.As we arrived early we waited next to the reception area for our room to get ready and while waiting the daughter of the first lady, who are the owners, proceeded to admonish a young housemaid because of complaints from guests due to poor cleaning standards. Not the best of first impressions. As other reviewers have mentioned the hotel was recently refurbished and everything was new and clean but the room was, no doubt, the smallest we have ever stayed-in. It was an exercise in logistics every time I had to brush my teeth and put my contact lenses as the bathroom didn't have enough space for our basic necessities.If you like big breakfasts you'll be dissapointed and the fact that we saw the above elderly lady picking up the slices of ham with her bare hands in order to put them in the serving tray cut down our choice of things to eat even further.In the days we stayed at the hotel we never saw a friendly smile from the owners, or had a conversation initiated by them which I find inexcusable in a family hotel, after all how can they compete with the big chains, and perhaps that has coloured my review but as it is I wouldn't recommend this hotel to a friend, to an enemy perhaps, and we definetly won't be back.	
Sep 11 2007 	Major faults	Stayed at olympic for 5 nights in early sep.The hotel is very well located in paddington just 4 minutes from the station, where you can get connections to anywhere in london. We were greeted on entry by the sight of an elderly woman who i think is the owner arguing with the receptionist.Room was small, bathroom was tiny. We were in a basement room beside the breakfast room, just above reception. The staff make an incredible amount of noise from about 6am onwards, so more training is needed here to at least make them operate quieter, and maybe not talk so loud outside your door!!Our bed linen was not changed during the stay and the beds not made up very well. Towels were changed only twice which is disgraceful. One man complained about this and was told to 'shut up' by the owner!!!! The only saving grace is the the hotel overall is spotless.I will never stay here again.The hotel is situated in a block of around 20 small hotels so competion is fierce i would imagine, and this is what they need to remember.!!London in general is very expensive, and we didnt have the budget for a really nice hotel this time . But my advice would be to stretch the budget if you can and go for something up-market, because despite the cost of everything, it is a fantastic city with so much to do and see for everybody, and a nice hotel will complete your experience	
Aug 31 2007 	Great clean hotel	This hotel was refurbished a few months before we stayed so everything such as the sink, toilet, shower (with detachable shower head), bed, carpets, TV, wallpaper, etc, seemed brand new, clean, and modern. I'm really picky about how clean a hotel is, so I was very pleased by how new everything was. Even the elevator was new, so riding on it was very quick and smooth.We stayed a week on the 3rd floor and we were facing the street and there were other hotels on the other side of the road. The street was fairly busy at most hours of the day and night and even with the window all the way closed, you could still really hear the cars and other vehicles going by. It didn't really bother us that much and we still slept well despite the noise from the passing cars. Infact, since it was summer, we slept some nights with the window opened a little since we didn't want to waste eletricity using the A/C. The air conditioning/heater unit itself looked modern and brand new and there was a nice control panel for it on the wall next to the door.The only negative thing I could say about our room was the size. We had a double room and the room itself and bathroom were quite small compared to what I was used to in America and some other places I've stayed in Europe. But it didn't detract from our overall experience though. I just wanted to mention it for anyone reading this review who might be more picky about the size of their room, especially the bathroom.There was still enough room to walk around and unpack our things. There were plenty of drawers in the room to store items and a decent sized closet for clothes and other items. And besides, I'd very much rather have a small but very clean room like we had instead of a large but dirty room like some of the other places I've stayed in the US and Europe. The bed was more than big enough for both of us and it was comfortable and the sheets, pillows, and blankets were very clean.The LCD TVs had satellite service, so there were a nice variety of channels available to watch and some of those channels played some recent big blockbuster movies for free, so that was nice.The breakfast room is clean and organized just like what is shown in the photos. The breakfast staff was friendly and the food was good and fresh. There were two types of cereal available (Corn Flakes and Rice Crispies, I think), toast, eggs, milk, and orange juice. There may have been more but that's what I can remember. The staff would bring the toast to you warm and fresh instead of having it sit there for a long time. Good service.I really liked the location of this hotel because it was only a few minutes walk from Paddington Station, which has a direct train to and from Heathrow, so getting to the hotel from the airport was amazingly quick and easy. Also, there were plenty of good sit-down restaurants and pubs extremely close to the hotel and a Burger King and Subway restaurant if you prefer cheap fast-food. In addition, there were markets and a big name grocery store very close if you wanted to buy food and take it to eat at Hyde park or back to your hotel room.All in all, we really enjoyed our experience at this hotel and I would gladly stay here again next time I visit London due to its location and how clean it was.	
Aug 21 2007	loved the hotel and location	Olympic Hotel was all that the website advertised.One misadvertising,laundry service available.N-! i had to take itto a drycleaner that had wash and fold serves and it cost $80.00 for 40 lbs.no self services washers within walking distance.The staff and owners were were good from the front desk to the room maids.Very clean and quiet!! you could hear a pin drop after ten pm.Nice clean street and surrounding areas.Paddington Station within 4 minute walk.Transportaion no problem. In our three trips to england in three years our best trip. Consider booking an extra nigth if arriving in the morning from an overnight flight.So room is available then.	
Jun 11 2007 	Value for money	Great location, the hotel has just been newly renovated. Room was clean, Tv (complete with full satelite) was fantastic. Room was small, but you only sleep there right! Bed has not been replaced but should have been as had a slight hollow in the middle. Compared to other hotels in this price range it is a head and shoulders above. Breakfast was basic but fine. Older lady on the desk should realise that she is in hospitality and not hosting war criminals. Rest of staff were approachable and friendly.	
Jun 21 2006	Great location questionable rooms	This hotel is in a great location-- a couple blocks from Paddington Station. However, my room had a broken bathroom window. This hotel is a decent value for the money, but next time I'd stay somewhere else in the Paddingtion area.	
Feb 14 2006	Please don't stay here!	If you want to ruin your break in London then stay at the Olympic. While it may be reasonably priced you are saving nothing. We were rudely met on arrival by the lady in reception (I presume the owner) she sort of grunted at us that we were in room 2. Opening the door to the room was like stepping back in time. Two small beds in a mouldy, wallpaper missing room. The TV made a hissing noise when on so we couldn't bear to listen to it. The window was allowing a sharp draft in and the curtains did not fit it &amp; were missing hanging pegs. Lucikly the weather was fine &amp; we were able to get out and about because we could not possibly have stayed in that room longer than necessary. When we asked for more blankets we were met with a disgusted look &amp; then they were handed to us on our return that night- not even left in to our room for us. Our towels were not changed on our two night stay and our beds were half made. Whatever you do don't stay here.	
Dec 12 2005	Servd our Purpose	The Olympic served us well (familiy of four) in our first trip to London for Thanksgiving break. Paddingtom Tube and Rail are one block away - perhaps the best feature of this hotel. Decent little market, internet cafe, Starbucks, Burger King,Indian and fish and chips eateries close by as well. On a budget, I was afraid it would be a real dump after reading some reviews after we booked on ----. However, price was right and room adequate for our needs. As tourists we didn't come to hang around the room, and Olympic isn't a place to hang around. Rooms and bathroom are small but clean. TV had only 4 channels. &quot;Full English Breakfast&quot; is one poached egg, scoop of beans, small piece of ham, plenty of toast and tea, juice and coffee. Continental is corn flakes and toast. Staff is cordial but doesn't go out of its way.	
Dec 13 2004	bed bugs!	The Olympic House Hotel seemed OK, it wasn't immaculate, it wasn't charming, but in it's price range it was average, and OK. This was my view until I started itching the next day. The bed bugs were bad and I ended up with over 50 bites all over my face, arms, back and legs. Find another hotel. The Darlington across the road was lovely, but more expensive.	
Nov 10 2004	What a Nice Surprise	I was heading to London for a 2-week visit as a solo traveler, and was so dreading the usual grimey, depressing, and slightly-sinister hotel that London-On-A-Budget is famous for--and instead found my little sanctuary. Spotlessly clean (and I mean CLEAN--crisp, snowy sheets and towels, no dust-kittens in the corners, no cobwebs dangling from the ceiling, no cigarette stink, no sprinkling of pubic-hair on the bathroom floor, no mold or mildew anywhere); charmingly furnished (everything color-coordinated and in good condition); comfortable mattress; adequate lighting. I was stunned, to be honest. All this, plus good staff--Andrea and Nilda were the greatest: friendly, courteous, and responsive to anything I needed. Plus a super location: 3 minutes to Paddington and 5 minutes to Lancaster Gate, so this meant great train and tube transportation. I could also easily walk to so many places (Kensington museums, Trafalgar Square, Regent's Park and the London Zoo, to name a few); and lots of restaurants and shops, all within a 2 or 3 block radius. Plus a great price: because of the off-season (October) and the length of my stay, I got a double room, ensuite, for 40 GBP per night, a real bargain. My room was in the basement, which I surprisingly liked--it was cozy, warm, and welcoming after a wet and windy day of sightseeing (although it might be a bit stifling in summer, even with the window open). It was also pretty quiet, which, in a small, older hotel, is a relative term--the usual thumps, bumps, and occassional raised voice, but absolutely no traffic noise. The only downsides were minor: my room was fairly small (perfect for one person, a bit crowded for two), but that's normal for London. Breakfast was OK, nothing great (could've used yogurt and fresh fruit), but I never left hungry so it worked just fine for me. The stairs are somewhat steep and narrow, and could've been a problem if my suitcase had been any larger--not impossible, just awkward for a small woman like me to wrestle stuff around without taking a header off the landing. Oh, and one more good thing: the bathroom was great! All tile, well-lighted, good ventilation, lots of hot water. And don't forget immaculate. I was in heaven. No question about it--I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 10 2004	very good !!!!		
Nov 2 2009 	Da consigliare!		
Jul 20 2009 	hotel barato y limpio		
Jun 14 2009 	Rénové mais ...		
Mar 23 2009 	colazione no comment		
Feb 21 2009 	Charmant petit hotel		
Oct 12 2008 	Hotel pulito e rifatto da poco ma poco più		
Sep 8 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 6 2008 	Trés bon plan		
Aug 31 2008 	Soggiorno fantastico super consigliato!!!		
Aug 27 2008 	agréable séjour		
Aug 17 2008 	Incredibile a Londra!		
Aug 13 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 29 2008 	hotel trop cher pour prestations fournies		
Jul 18 2008 	propre impeccable confortable petit déj. à améliorer...		
May 31 2008 	Aceptable y recomendable		
Jan 27 2008	Hotel correcto y muy bien situado		
Dec 6 2007 	Super Lage und gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis: Empfehlenswert!		
