Mar 14 2008	Old fashioned and tacky	Would stay well clear of London outpost!!!If you like pubs and old fashioned decor then this is for you. The library is a small wallpapered area outside your bedroom door and relaxation is with a 14&quot; tv and a mini bar stocked with 3 pieces of fruit and empty glass bottles.	
Feb 29 2008 	absolutely fabulous	My sister and I traveled to London on our way to Athens last fall. We stayed three nights on the way to Athens and one night on our way back to the the US. I booked the Outpost for the location, which offers a safe place to walk about for two unescorted, well dressed ladies. We got more than we expected in the way of service and quality. I have never been dissapointed with SLH properties, so book them if you can without fear. This was no exception. The London Outpost is a renovated mansion previously owned by Andrew Carnegie located on a quiet residential street across from a lovely walled garden. When you walk in, you feel like you are coming home. I did not want to leave, ever! Reception from the staff is personal and warm. Decor is luxurious without pretense. They staff really go out of their way to make you feel welcome and are eager to provide any assistance you need with a quiet dignity of service that has long passed in terms of standards for most places. They don't hound you for your credit card, passport, make you sign things when you arrive, etc; it's the little things that say we know who you are and you're one of us that we liked. You get the bill in the end just the same. They know you will pay. So nice to experience such courtesy. It makes travel that much more pleasureable.One of the nicest assets of the hotel is the evening cocktail gathering, when refreshments are offered in the living room free of charge. Guests can meet and discuss the day or plans for the evening. It was nice to meet travelers and hear what they had enjoyed about their stay and where they were going next. I even met a fellow foreign service grad from Georgetown. What a small world. Our outgoing flight from Heathrow was cancalled and we had to fly to Paris in order to catch a flight to Athens. Since we would have to stay in Paris overnight, I called the Outpost after we checked out, and the staff was astute and kind enough to book us a lovely room in Paris at one of their sister SLH hotels, with which we were delighted. What else can I say, the rooms were like home, the service was fabulous, and the location is perfect. It's my new home in London.	
Oct 8 2007 	good but price is steep for what is offered	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for three nights in September. The location is excellent, the staff are attentive and friendly and the hotel is well kept. Alas a double bed turned out to be two singles pushed together and there were little niggles like no safe in the room and the decor needed freshening up here and there. It does however, have a different ambiance and is a respite from the busy city. I think it struggles just a little to justify the price.	
Feb 23 2007	chelsea oasis	we stayed here the nights before and after our civil union SOLELY due to the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel, staff and location lived up to our high expectations. The room was large, comfortable and well appointed. We were met at the door by genuinely friendly people and made to feel as though we were staying with friends - a wonderful experience that helped to make our special day outstanding. I highly recommend the Outpost to those looking for unique accommodation in London	
Jan 1 2007 	Great little hotel with great service	Only 11 rooms and each is different. We stayed four times at London Outpost this year both as a primary vacation spot and as a stopping-off place. We had 4 different rooms; each unique each with its own quirk that makes it special. Breakfast in the conservatory is fun. The staff is top-knotch and dedicated to serving your needs. Location is a 3 minute walk to the Sloane Square tube station in Chelsea, and easy walking distance to shops, pubs and restaurants. There is something very special about this place. We will continue to use this as our London home. For a dining experience ask them to get you seats in the back room at Rizoi.	
Feb 28 2006	five star service	I just spent nine days at the Outpost and as a single female traveller can highly recommend it for security and location. The most outstanding feature of my stay however was the staff - butlers and managers were the best. As stated by others, this is not an inexpensive hotel but does provide understated elegance, quiet atmosphere and superb location with the expectations of the SLH group met completely.	
Feb 14 2006	Fantastic location 	We stayed at the Outpost for almost 2 weeks - both holiday &amp; business and the place was superb - great staff, excellent location (for those interested in quality London shopping and proximity to the best places - Harvey Nicks, Harrods, Sloane Str). Rooms are decorated in the period English style with tastefully assembled antique furnishings &amp; prints. The entire hotel feels more like a country house than a hotel - it certainly helps that the place only includes 11 rooms and staff can provide truly personalized service to their guests. Both butlers are terrific and go out of their way to make sure their guests are taken care of, always have hot tea, etc. Not the cheapest option for London, however highly recommended for travellers with high standards.	
Aug 8 2003	Friendly and Unique	Outstanding small (11 room) hotel tucked in on a quiet back street in Chelsea. Very good value for the money. Excellent staff. If you're looking for a top notch place away from major tourist areas (but 5 minutes from the District and Circle lines at Slone Square) this is it.	
May 5 2003	Step back in Time	The Carnegie Outpost is located a couple of blocks from the Sloane Street tube station. It is like stepping into Edwardian era London. If you like a quiet hotel with lots of comfort, charm, and a gracious atmosphere- this is it. But it comes at a price.	
