Nov 15 2009 	Excellent location but lacking a bit of atmosphere	The chief positive for this hotel is without doubt the location. It could hardly be more central and well connected for getting about London either by foot or public transport while it is on a slightly quieter road so there is little noise from the outside. I saw two rooms in the course of a 5 night stay as the door of the first room would not lock from the inside so I moved. Both rooms were clean, spacious, modern and comfortable. However, the first room (which had a bed for 3!) had only a small window that looked on to an inner courtyard where the opposite wall was within touching distance. The room that I eventually stayed in was on front of the hotel overlooking Northumberland Avenue and was much superior with decent windows and a much air-ier feel. Neither room had a safe which I think is a slight disadvantage though they did both have microwaves... I used the room service on one occasion, ordering from an external delivery company via the hotel services book, and I would recommend it. Staying while on business, the hotel was perfectly good and I would stay again. Viewing it from a leisure perspective I think it was slightly lacking in atmosphere as there were few communcal areas, not much interaction with staff (though they were friendly, helpful and professional) and not much visibility of other guests even. The decor was good but very neutral and quite functional and I think it lends itself more to a business stay than leisure.	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel-great location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in June when we stopped in London en route to Wales. The hotel was very nice, the room spacious and the location excellent. We were able to walk to many major sites, ie. the London Eye, Trafalgar Square, Picadilly and the Mall and Buckingham Palace. It was also convenient to public transport. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not bad as a base good location.	We recently stayed at the Club Quarters Trafalgar Square with four of us including two teenagers in a Superior Suite. The hotel is in a great location, about 100yds from Embankment tube station, overlooking Trafalgar square (if you look sideways from your window) and a five or ten minute walk from the London Eye etc.The room was laid out a regular double bed plus sofa bed which was prepared prior to arrival. The room was a little cramped but well equipped with a fridge (empty) and kettle etc. The bathroom was roomy but built into the main room though it was walled off. You would not want to spend any extended length of time in the room as it was definately a squeeze with four of us in there.There was a flat screen TV in the room with an ok set of channels. However the picture pixelated beyond recognition every minute or two so wasn't easy to watch. The free wired and wireless internet was equally frustrating to use in the evenings and never managed to maintain a connection for more than a minute or so, though in the mornings it was better.We didn't use any of the other facilities in the hotel other than the free water bottles by the coolers in the hallways which were a good touch. Checkin and checkout could be done entirely on a touch screen system without involving any actual humans.Overall I would say this isn't a bad place to stay and makes a great base. Just don't plan on spending a whole lot of time in your room.	
Oct 25 2009	Quiet stylish hotel right off Trafalgar Square	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week in January. We loved it here. The hotel was nice and quiet yet right in the heart of the city within walking distance of everything. The metro station was right down the block which made day travel very easy. Our room was small but very updated and trendy. The hotel staff was very nice and while there isn't a lot of service as far as a restaurant or room service, it still had a lot of amenities that made it a non issue. There was free bottled water on every floor and an ice machine which was extremely convenient. The second floor had a beautiful and relaxing lounge with a tv and computer station with free internet and printing facilities. Really helped when planning our daily itinerary and making reservations. It was an excellent home away from home and while the hotel was quite full, we felt like we were the only ones there. Cozy and quiet!	
Oct 25 2009 	Great location clean rooms but no view!	Decided to try this Club Quarters location over the St. Paul location on my annual work trip to London. The location is far better than St. Paul and in a much more lively area with more shops, restaurants and tube stations. For tourist activities, the location can't be beat. The rooms were very clean, spacious and new looking, no nicks on anything, comfortable beds and nice flat panel TV's. Also the hotel was incredibly quiet, no noise from neighbors, elevators, etc.The only downside was the service, it was decent but not fantastic. I often did not get towels despite leaving them on the floor to be replaced, nor replacement shampoos/soap even though I needed it, and the room was freezing despite my request to the front desk to check the heating unit. And even though the hotel was fairly empty, I ended up with a brick wall as a view! Even with that, I'd probably still stay at this location over St. Paul's. It has a more London feel to it and that is worth any service issues to me.	
Oct 24 2009 	Quite good for the price	This place is around the corner from my office so its good for a pit stop overnight stay in London.Well overall its good if your staying for one or maybe two nights max. It's handy location. But this is not a full service hotel. No restaurant and frankly no real room service. So be prepared for somewhere which is a nice location and decoration but not much else.Rooms are very clean, bathrooms only had double showers which were good. I'd say this place is two steps up from a budget hotel but its definitely not 5 star. So aslong as you only want a quick stop place then this is quite good for the money.My corporate rate was less the £170, but I wouldn't pay more than that for it/Checking in service is very slick as is checking out.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good location 	This hotel was definitely pricey, but find one in the heart of London that isn't! The location simply could not have been better. Right in the heart of Trafalgar Square, great access to metro and all of the sights. The rooms were spacious, clean, and had free internet. With all the noise in that location, we heard none of it! The check-in/out process was seamless and the business center was well-appointed. Try the restaurant across the street - Prezzo - I think is the name. It's a very nice place but the prices don't reflect that. The food was great as well!	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderful Hotel in Heart of London	This hotel offers very convenient access to Trafalgar Square, Tube, London Eye, and the London Tour Bus routes. Rooms were very nice, and the hotel staff was polite and friendly. This made our stay in London extremely pleasant.	
Oct 8 2009 	Magnificent	This hotel is designed for business travelers, but it was everything we could have wanted and more. It is literally in Trafalgar Square, walking distance to Big Ben and Parliament, the London Eye and tons of shops and restaurants. We used the Tube only to get to Tower Bridge.The room was spacious with tons of character and very clean. Our room was cleaned every day, and the bathroom had plenty of room. There was a small lobby on our floor with television and internet access.	
Sep 1 2009 	Everything you expect from a 4* and more!	First impressions of the hotel were great, prime location, just a stones throw away from Trafalgar Square with Charing Cross being the nearest tube station. Rooms are as shown on the hotels website, modern with soft beds also has complimentry air con. There was a problem when we first arrived in our room, lets just say that there was an unwanted visitor in the the toilet, however, when we notified the front desk they sorted out the problem straight away and we had a bottle of wine waiting for us on our return! The staff were very nice and were on top of everything. All in all a very nice hotel in a brilliant location and resonable prices. Would definately stay here again!	
Aug 16 2009 	FABULOUS location stylish rooms	My husband and I were quite impressed with this hotel. We booked it on Orbitz and got a great rate, at least for a London hotel. There are really two hotels in one (The Grand &amp; Club Quarters), but there are signs directing to where you should check in. The exterior of the building is gorgeous, and the lobby is very impressive. The staff is very friendly and willing to help and answer any travel questions. You need to insert your room key once on the elevator to go up to your floor, which is a nice security measure. The rooms are stylish and spacious, by European standards, and the AC works very well. The beds were very comfortable, and we had no complaints at all. Among normal amenities, the rooms include a small electric kettle, hair dryer, plenty of towels, cable TV, books to read, and even two little umbrellas if you need them. Free filtered water is located on each floor with plastic bottles for guests. You can just fill them up in the hallway when you want. THE LOCATION is the absolute BEST. You are literally steps away from Trafalgar Square on one side, and then the Thames River and London Eye on the other. There are underground stations all around, so you'll have no trouble getting around once you're in the area. The Sherlock Holmes Pub is across the street and is adorable....we didn't get a chance to eat there, but it was always packed! The hotel restaurant is a trendy Italian bar....swanky, and good too! We recommend using the Rick Steves London book, because his recommendations were spot-on each and every time. Be sure to check if recommended restaurants are still open-we were using a guidebook from '08 and a few things had changed. Along with the obvious sights, don't miss Borough Market, St. James's Park, Covent Garden area, and ride in at least one taxi. Wagamama Noodle restaurant was one of our favorites, as was a cute English farmhouse restaurant, Chimes. If you want to see a show while there, visit the theater the first day you arrive and see what tickets are available for upcoming shows....we were able to get awesome seats to Wicked just 2 days before the show! Wonderful trip, and the hotel made it even better! Would definitely stay again!	
Aug 5 2009 	Don't stay here--their ads lie.	The place looks nice online, but the technical infrastructure is bad. I stayed here last year and had a problem with the room, but came back because they were updating...I just chalked it up to one of those things..so I came back in Aug. Since not all London hotels have A/C, I made a point of checking if they have A/C in the rooms...their site says they do.. I get here and it doesn't work...They try telling me that its because there is a power problem on the street...yet every light is on and the Hilton 100 yds away has AC. They wouldn't give me a credit for the room so I'm stuck here for a night...but at the Hilton tomorrow...	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect Location. Good staff. Good amenities. Overall great choice.	This hotel is right off Trafalgar square in London. It is just about as centrally located as is possible. We walked to Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Soho, Jubilee Gardens...almost everything. We only took the Tube to get to the Tower of London and the Globe theater. The club Quarters is a bit pricy and beware of them losing your reservation. We got there and they confirmed that we would stay two nights. However, I had booked and confirmed with Orbitz for 3 nights. They said they would look into this later as I was early for my reservation. They let us leave our bags until check in time in a locked room. When we came back, they had found our reservation was indeed for three nights. That was good for us, but might have been bad for the guy i saw the next day getting angry about them losing his reservation for that night and them turning him away because they had no vacancies.Back to the hotel, the room was perfect. All new and very modern everything including flat panel TV. High speed internet was available for laptops and they had a public computer for anyone to use for free. Bathroom was big, king bed was great, just a great place to stay when in London. Highly recommend. We paid about $250/night, so not cheap, but a nice, nice nice place.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location just off of Trafalgar Square	We booked this hotel after reading the reviews off of Trip Advisor. We were very pleased. It is in a great location for walking to many of the sites in Central London, and it is right next to a &quot;Tube&quot; station. The hotel was clean and updated, quiet, and the hotel staff helpful if we asked them for information. We stayed 3 nights. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't comment on that, but it is close to a cafe and pub which we did eat at. There was ice and water on each floor, and plastic bottles that you could fill with water and take with you while sight seeing.We arrived in London at 7:30 in the morning and while they did have a room for us that early they did charge us 40 Euros extra for early check in.We did not bring a lap top with us, but there is Internet available, and we did use the hotel computer, but there was only one and it was often being used.I would definitely stay here again if I ever go back to London.	
Jul 19 2009 	My fave centrally located hotel!	I decided to finally put down some comments on Club Quarters The Grand, seeing as I am a fairly frequent visitor. This establishment is now my favourite stay, whenever I venture back to my 'home' city.1. Location, location, location! For shopping, and the ability to walk around the major sites, plus theatre-land, you can't do much better2. The rooms. I am meticulously particular about hotel rooms cleanliness etc, and have yet to find fault with this hotel - after about a dozen stays in the past 8 months. The beds are USA-style huge, and really comfy. Also, they do not bolt down the windows, which provides you with the choice to turn the air-co off, and open the window wide, if you so wish. Some of upper floor rooms have a wonderful skyline view of The Houses of Westminster, Big Ben, and the London Eye, so try and ask about that when you book.3.. A very simple gesture, but something, during my years of world travel, I have only ever seen once in a non-inclusive hotel -free, clean, drinking water dispensers on every floor! They provide you an ice dispensers, ice bucket, and handy half litre bottles too*the rooms have free internet too, accessed via a wireless keyboard, and viewed through your TV - it's a bit of a pain though, and I prefered to go to the business area, where you can sit in front of a normal desktop - also free of charge fior guests.The main minus point - the lift/elevator works with the room pass card only, and is a mind unto its own - the thing never works properly, but this is more of a slight irritation than a hindrance - 2 or 3 tries and you will nail it	
Jul 14 2009 	excellent location--helpful staff	My husband and I stayed here the week of June 27 to July 4. When we arrived at 9 am after an overnight flight from the States, the staff offered us a room immediately or gave us the option of waiting for an upgraded room but said the view would not be that good. The upgraded room included a king bed, refrigerator, and microwave. We opted for the upgrade and they stored our luggage while we went sightseeing. When we came back later in the afternoon, they gave us our room. It was the top floor of the hotel with a view of Big Ben!! If that's not a view, I don't know what is. We had a wonderful stay. The room was clean and a nice size. The staff was always helpful whenever we had questions. The best part was the location. Trafalgar Square is a great, central location with two tube stops close by and several bus stops. The Jubilee Bridge over the Thames to the London Eye is about a block away from the hotel. And there is always something going on in Trafalgar Square. We walked to Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, the Churchill War Rooms, the London Eye, Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus, St. Martin-in-the-Fields Church, and more. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it. We got a good price for London and location. Kudos to the Club Quarters.	
Jul 10 2009 	Brilliant hotel in great location	A group of four of us stayed here for a weekend in London and it was without a doubt one of the best finds in the city. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the rooms are a nice size, decor is modern, staff are very helpful and there was unlimited chilled water available. Free wifi too. They do very reasonable upgrades to suites too. The location of this hotel is fantastic being on Trafalgar Square. I'll definitely return to this hotel soon and would reccommend it to any traveller.	
Sep 15 2009 	ottima posizione		
