	A great place to stay in Lodon	We were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apt that was fabulous: stylish, roomy and modern. There were a few issues in the kitchen that were quickly set right by the very helpful staff. The beds were comfortable and there was plenty of hot water in the well appointed bathrooms. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful, especially Francesco. There was a great little restraunt and bar; an adjacent shopping arcade and a good gym and pool. What more could you want?	
Nov 26 2009 	I want to move in	Dolphin House is a lovely place to stay during a trip to London. I've stayed in the hotel twice and have really enjoyed both visits, with no problem at all. I've found the staff to be very nice and helpful. The rooms are lovely and the location is ideal.	
Nov 21 2009 	Peaceful Location wonderful beds a gem !	I have read a couple of reviews on Tripadvisor before making my decision to book this property, and I must admit I was a little concerned. However when I arrived I must say, what a fantastic place. They have a pool, a lovely gym, super gardens and even a shopping arcade. The rooms were excellent and the lined here is Egyptian cotton and the beds to die for. I asked to see the small ground floor rooms I read about just out of interest, and they are compact, they tell me though that these rooms are given to guests that book the Run of House room type at reduced rates. That said, they are clean, modern and excellent value for money. The apartments on the other hand where I stayed, are very spacious indeed much better than most London hotels. My conclusion is this place is a hidden gem. Carry on with what you are doing Dolphin House, I had a great time and I hope too many people don’t discover you before my next visit.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very very poor service and poorly managed	I'd been recommended this by friends and reading the reviews here it sounded good. I rang up and booked it for two nights, though it seemed a bit pricey. I was recommended to ask for a garden view and ask for a high room as this would be quiet and picturesque. I did so and also rang up the day before to say we would be arriving early (an hour) and could they prioritise our room if possible. We arrived to find our room not ready and were told they would ring us when it was. We returned at 5:30, having had no phone call and were told it was ready. We were shown to our room and I noticed it had no garden view, as it looked over a side street and apartments opposite. I also thought the place looked less than luxurious. I was in a hurry though, so unpacked and started to iron out the crease of my suit. As I did, I noticed the iron was dripping water, but carried on until my girlfriend told me the baseplate of the iron was falling off. I then noticed that it was almost fully off and that the water was dripping near the iron's elements. Basically it was a death trap. I rang to report it and discovered the phone didnt work. I went into the corridor and reported both faults (no apology) and asked for another iron quickly. I never received the new iron in time and left looking crumpled 30 minutes later. Considering the iron was lethal that was well out of order. When I returned there was a new iron, but they had left the old iron which is against health and safety. Also the iron had no PET test label on it. I then discovered there was no hot water in the shower and went to report it and discovered the phone still wasnt working. Next morning I reported both again and we went out. When we came back neither fault had been fixed and I rang again to report them. Eventually (2 hours later) a workman turned up and decided to ignore our Do Not Disturb sign on the door and rang the bell and woke us. Needless to say he was gone by the time I was dressed. By this time I was upset. I went down and demanded to see the manager. I had to wait to see one, but I waited. Eventually a manager turned up and I explained that the situation was unacceptable. We still had no shower (with a bath that took 30+ minutes to fill) and no phone. No one had apologised for the iron and the broken one was still in our room. The room I commented was also dusty and some utensils were missing. The manager offered a free night or to come down as the hotel's guest another time for a night. Having been unimpressed thus far, I elected for the free night. The manager also said he would move us rooms, but as this was 6pm on our last night and we were going out shortly I declined. I did ask the manager to assure me that he would investigate the failings and in particular ensure that the iron incident could never happen to anyone else and to let me know what they would do about it. He promised he would. I beleived him. That was over 20 days ago and I've heard nothing from them at all. Hence this review and I will be taking the matter of the iron up with the relevant health and safety people. All in all, it was a terrible place. The swimming pool always seemed to be in use for organised classes and the restaurant was decidedly unappealing. I did have a drink in their champagne bar but all I remember from that was the price (it was expensive). As I say I had to ring the reception multiple times and at one point even had one of the receptionists argue with me. All the time I was the one chasing. There seemed to be no overall management and no one apologised at all. The place over the road also has building work being done to it, so it is currently noisey. There also does not appear to be any way to turn the heating on or off. All in all one to avoid like the plague. Far to expensive for what it is. The bed was big and the rooms spacious but it was very ordinary and the stay could have killed me.	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellant accomadation in lovely area	Have again stayed at the dolphin wih colleagues due to work in LondonThe rooms are excellnt staff very helpful,our rooms where upgraded on arrival .It is an excellant place to stay when you are not at home,has all you need the shops and restaurant in beauiful surroundings.Whether it is the room on the ground floor or elsewhere they have comfortable beds clean rooms and excellant fascilities.(there are not many places that give you pints of fresh milk).	
Oct 15 2009 	Don't accept the ground floor - it's a trap	If you see a great deal for Dolphin House, then make absolutely certain that you do not have one of the 10 or so ground floor rooms set aside for cheap online deals.These rooms are supposedly &quot;renovated&quot; but that means they have a new head-board and a flat screen...other than that they're in really bad shape. Our bed-spread was stained, handles were falling off the wardrobe and to top it off brown water came gushing out the faucet in the bath-tub for 30 seconds (until we turned it off). We were told this was not unusual and to let it run for at least 2 minutes.Only when I raised my objections loudly in the reception area did they appease us with a decent room in the main part of the hotel. This room was fine, but it's clear that we were simply upgraded to avoid the fuss.I cannot stress enough...the service was poor and be very clear about what sort of room you're actually going to get.	
Oct 11 2009 	Comfortable Dolphin House is the place to stay	We stayed at Dolphin House in London's Pimlico area because we like to have a seperate room from our children. It's not the best way to save money when traveling but usually you get much nicer places to stay by getting apartments. The location of Dolphin House is not ideal to seeing the sights of London, but if you enjoy a walk or subway ride it's a very comfortable place to stay, and is a great way to see more of the city. The beds were the best we experienced in the 14 Hotels we stayed in while on our trip through Europe. The overall amenities were good with a spacious lounge, well equiped kitchen and nice bathroom all with modern and up to date decor. Near to the hotel are many shops and restaurants. Only things we did not think were good about the hotel was the very small sign that pointed out the reception which is not through the main doors but off to the right through another door and they did not offer to get someone to help with our many bags, we had to ask.	
Oct 8 2009 	Hidden Gem in London	We had a splendid 6-night stay in our very clean, comfortable one-bedroom apartment . Friendly, helpful staff assisted us in mastering some of the unfamiliar electrical arrangements. Breakfast was plentiful and excellent. Pool and gym were just what we needed and wanted. Nearby tube stop and bus stop made our theater, opera, and concert engagements easily accessed. Need for some extra reading light was our sole complaint. Pre-booking of a taxi on Saturday night is necessary. Wonderful walks from the hotel along the river to Parliament, Tate Britain and other sites. Staff helped me find a good manicurist. Great prepaid rate. HIghly recommended.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location would return	My husband and I just spend 5 nights at the Dolphin House and want to go back immediately! We LOVED it. The hotel is in a perfect location just off the Victoria Tube line at Pimlico station. It's just a short walk from the station to the hotel/apartments. The room is a perfect size. We did not cook in the kitchenette but used it for take away and cereal snacks. You only get 2 settings of plates and utensils, this was fine for our short stay. The bathroom is huge and has a towel warmer (nice treat)! There is no A//C but we didn't mind, the area is quiet enough to sleep with the windows open. Just a short walk away are numerous restaurants and shops (mostly food). We felt VERY safe walking to and from the station and restaurants day and night. There is a school directly across from the hotel, but there was no issue with this. Laundry services are free (bring detergent), which is nice for a long stay. WiFi is available. I see some people complaining about having to pay additional fees upon arrival but this is not true. They take your credit card info for express check out in case of additional fees but the card is not charged. Great place! Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2009 	excellent home away from home	I stayed at Dolphin House for 3 nights in September in a one bedroom apartment. After reading some of the worse reviews on Trip Advisor, I have to admit I was a bit apprehensive - however, much to my great delight, my fears were unfounded! Dolphin House was easy to get to - I had flown in from Venice to Gatwick and the Gatwick Express gets you to Victoria station. If you've got luggage, the easiest way to get to Dolphin House is via a taxi - a quick 5 min trip! The staff checking me in were really helpful and polite. They did put 50 pounds on my credit card in addition to the room price in case of extra expenses - however it was refunded on check out. As far as I'm concerned, this is not an uncommon practice, so I was particularly bothered by it.The room I had was on the 5th floor - high enough for there to be very little outside noise, even with the windows open. The apartment was great with a spacious living area/kitchenette and a very large bedroom. The bathroom was compact but had everything you needed - bath with shower, toilet, basin and more than enough shelves. The only problems I had with my apartment were: 1. The hall light was fluorescent and made a very loud buzzing sound - however, easy fix - I didn't use the light! There was enough light from the bedroom or living room lights!2. The bedroom TV wasn't plugged into digital TV and had very poor reception. However, the living room TV was excellent. I told reception at checkout but it didn't really bother me during my stay3. The computer wasn't working in my apartment - I was hoping to get internet through the hotel. However, in the end I used a BT Openzone voucher (as I could pick up BT openzone through WiFi on my laptop - and it was a bit cheaper anyway!). I did point it out to the reception staff on check out - they logged it in to get fixed when I told them.The room was really well maintained - and was cleaned every day (no extra charge). The shops downstairs in the lobby were good for the necessities but a little overpriced. I booked online and foud that the Bed and Breakfast price was actually cheaper than the room alone price - so ended up having breakfast there - the english breakfast was fairly standard but good value since it was all included. A friend and I went to the restaurant for dessert and drinks on a Sunday night and we had excellent service.The champagne bar was also very good although fairly quiet (although we were there at 12:30am!). It was a p;ity it wasn't open on a Sunday night.The tube (Pimlico station) is only a 5min walk away, although whilst we were staying there, the Victoria line was closed which made things a little harder. However, the No 24 bus takes you right into the action. There are also a few good restaurants nearby so if you don't want to stray too far, there are options.All in all, Dolphin House was a great place to stay in London and I'd definitely stay there again!	
Sep 22 2009 	great all round	Had a great weekend in London watching a band and then a show .Was a fab location very clean 3 bed all on suite apartment had nice sized living area and kitchen. lovely breakfast included in price, bar prices were very fair and shopping mall was very convenient staff were friendly and courteous and didnt even charge us for our late check out. Will be visiting again .Only negative thing was the taxi reception ordered on leaving was 3 times the fare of hackney that we caught to the apartments ,unless fares are tripled on Sundays	
Sep 13 2009 	A Great Bargain in an Expensive City!	We were on an extended trip to Venice, Paris, ending in London. We have been to London many times and now try to stay in an apartment where we can cook our own breakfast--have wine and snacks etc. The place we had been using no longer does short term rentals and we found Dolphin House through an internet search and booked the room directly with them. I was a little concerned about it not being too central a location. However--the Pimlico tube is a 5 minute walk away with ecellent connections all over central London. However you can't beat the bargain of 155 pounds for a large apartment in London. There are very few hotels you can book for this price--and you will get a small room where you have to go out for all meals.Upon arriving the staff checked us in quickly and we went up to the apartment--what a pleasant surprise--a huge one-bedroom apartment very nicely and modernly furnished. Two flat screen tv's--one in bedroom and one in living room. The bedroom was wonderful--and big with pleanty of storage and an incredibably comfortable bed with vey fine linens and a duvet.The living room was huge and comfotably furnished--with sofa two chairs and a small dining table. The bathroom was very large and lots of space for our toilitries, etc. The kitchen had two hobs, microwave, toaster, tea and coffee maker.Our only complaint about the entire apartment is that the kitchen door could not be kept open. It was a galley style kitchen and with the door closed it made it very claustraphobic and hot while cooking. In fact one morning we apparently set off the alarms when cooking because I had propped the door open--got a call and a knock on the door. I guess the reasoning is to protect from fire by having this heavy door unable to be opened. However I would think that they could do something about this. The only other thing was that there was only a service for two (I might add Villeroy and Boch!) and we had planned on having family up to the apartment for drinks. I would think they could add more wine glasses, etc. We did go into the Dolphin Bar and Grill for drinks and dinner and found it quite good and reasonable. They also have some small shops, dry cleaners, and a fully equipped gym and pool. All in all a great location, value , and very comfortable apartment. Even with the problems with the kitchen I think we will stay there again on our next trip to London.	
Sep 11 2009 	A Pleasing Experience	My wife and I stayed at the Dolphin House Services Apartments for eight nights. The management staff was friendly and accommodating and the service staff was efficient and aimed to please. In fact, we could not say enough about the wonderful treatment we received from the staff. Our one bedroom apartment was spacious, clean, and well maintained. We had two telephones, two large flat screen television sets, a work area off of the living room, a small but fully operational kitchen, and a full bathroom. For a small fee, the room could be made wireless, which we found helpful. In addition, the Dolphin House has an arcade with a small grocery store, cleaners, travel agency, drug store, beauty salon, gift shop, liquor store, and small coffee shop. Also available was a large garden, fitness center, indoor swimming pool, restaurant, and a bar.The Dolphin House is located in Pimlico, which is between the Thames and Victoria Station. It is a bit away from &quot;the action,&quot; but taxis are easily available. The Tate Britain is a short walk from the Dolphin House and there are several good restaurants and pubs nearby. On the negative side - which didn't come into play while we were there - the Dolphin House is not air conditioned. The place is ideal for the fall, winter, and spring seasons, but I would have second thoughts about staying here during a hot summer.In summary, this was a very pleasing experience and, most importantly, my wife was happy with the Dolphin House.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely Room friendly staff	Myself and my 9 year old daughter stayed here for one night as we were in London to see Wicked which was showing at the Apollo Victoria (15 min walk from Hotel).We arrived earlier than the 3 oclock check in time, however the young man who checked us in was extremely polite, sorted the room out so we could go in early, he showed us personally to our room. The room we booked was a small studio room, just like a hotel room but had a fridge microwave and toaster, it was ideal for what we required, nice clean room, just rather warm although a fan was provided.I was concerned as I had read previous reviews and noticed someone said the area was unsafe. I am a single mum and was with my 9 year old daughter, we had to return to the hotel from the theatre at around 11pm, we walked from Pimlico station, a few minutes walk and I felt very safe (I will add I am also a Poilce Officer - so am very aware of security etc)We wished that we were actually staying longer as we thought the whole of the Dolphin complex was very nice - will definately be returning for a longer stay, the pleasant and helpful staff added to the whole experience.Didnt use the restaurant so can't comment on that.Look forward to planning another stay there near christmas time and will be longer this time	
Aug 6 2009	Good location clean apartment.	My daughters and me were in double room apartment. It was a very nice experience. The hotel was clean, rooms good. The staff was allways, night and day, very kind. We ate at the restaurant one day, it was good. It was very easy to take a taxi, the Pimlico tube station is near. There is some bars and restaurants to take breakfast or dinner	
Jul 23 2009 	One of the best appartments I stayed in...	Stayed in a luxury apartment for 4 days with my friend. Excellent room, with lot of spaces, comfortable bed,( more than ) fully equipped....it even had 2 LCD tvs, one in living-room, one in bedroom!!! Nicely decorated with english style furniture. We especially liked the entertainment system ( despite you had to pay for some of the services) and that you can use, free of charge, the fitness centre( and the swimming pool) that exists in the complex. Furthermore, although it was described as a self-catering apartment, there was housekeeper cleaning it everyday.We didn't like the fact that they asked us at check in to hold 50 pounds from our bank account, in case we use any of the extra facilities. Anyway the amount was returned at check out. We had to wait for about 30 minutes for check in, as there was only one employee, trying hard to serve every waiting customer!In walking distance(~5 minutes ) from Pimlico underground station, nice area but unfortunately when we stayed there were construction works in the next building, so it was quite noisy during the morning.Everything else was just perfect.	
Jul 22 2009 	Please don't bother!	I regret booking this hotel. Luckily we were only booked for 1 evening and then moving to a much nicer location in London's Mayfair. Our room was situated on the ground floor, facing on to a car park where residents (who I assume lived or stayed long term in some of the other rooms) walked through or left their cars. On entering the room, it was dreadfully hot, this was quite a surprise as it was only 19-21 degrees on the day in question. A very small fan was in the room but there was no a/c. Due to the ground floor location, we were reluctant about opening the windows during the afternoon and evening, this was also compounded by some of the &quot;interesting&quot; looking characters we had seen lurking around the area on our walk during the afternoon. The area appears to house some &quot;commission&quot; style flats and I have to say that my wife didnt feel all that safe in the area. Despite our various attempts to cool the room down, it stayed warm for the duration of our stay, which made for a most unpleasent nights sleep and a most disappointing introduction to London. Fortunatley our move to another hotel improved our moods, sleep and memories of this wonderful city.	
Jul 9 2009 	Nightmare fraud ripoff Avoid at all costs	This is not a hotel. This is a very old apartment complex that rents out some rooms. The staff is rude from the moment you walk in and it becomes obvious why very quickly. The grounds are full of elderly tennants from the apartments looking at you like you are an invader. There is a litany of guests complaining constantly. Called ahead for an early check in was told they could accommodate for one of the rooms. Got there at 11 AM was told check in time is 3 but we will expedite the maid service after check out time, never happened. The other guests slept in the very cold air-conditioned lobby till 2:45. Got into the room it was over 100 degrees as the old brick walls were absorbing the heat like a Tandoori oven. Called downstairs and was told you have a fan in your room sir. NO AC during a heatwave in London. No fan. An hour later a fan came, not a free plug in the place. Had to unplug something to use it. TV or Fan. Everything was like this. The widows have no screens so when open in fly the bugs. Because all windows are open your business is everyone's elses. Anything you do in your room is there for all to see. NO PRIVACY. Could not get the room cool enough to use,the room did not cool after dark thanks to the heated bricks, people were getting sick from the heat so we checked out next morning. &quot;Sir we do not advertise air-conditioning&quot; Said the man at the desk while people are getting sick from the heat. Then came the well rehearsed line from the hotel. No refund sir this is a prepaid booking. Saw them say it to 3 other people while I was in the lobby. This is a fraud and a ripoff designed to lure you in and defraud you of your money when you check out. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.They want to hold on to 4 more nights of bllings for two rooms a SCAM and a FRAUD. Virtually everything this hotel says it is, it isn't. It is a scam to get people to pre-pay and when they leave early steal their money. The entire premise of this place is to lure in unsuspecting customers from overseas who do not know what they are buying then hold their money after they have to leave. As responsible as the hotel is for this the online booking services that lead you to this fraqud are equally culpable.	
Jun 8 2009 	would return	Good size rooms and beds very comfortable especially after paris. Staff helpful and housekeeping were very good. Only issue was lack of information on amenities and local area especially transport and attractions. Possibly adding ceiling fans would help as it was very hot when on the 6 nights we stayed. Continental breakfast could be improved with a better selection of cereal and fruit juices.	
May 21 2009 	why not stay in London in style!	Dolphin House was incredibly easy to find and even though there was a small amount building work outside which closed the road off, the car park was easily accessible. I was greeted in reception by 2smiling ladies who were incredibly helpful and made our room available to us even though we arrived 1 hour before the allocated check-in time. The room was clean and tidy, although slightly warm so the windows were left open whilst we headed down to the gym for a work-out and swim. This facility was fantastic, every machine that any gym enthusiast would need and quiet although there was a nice buzzy atmosphere. Although we did not eat in the restaurant in the evening I did overhear some very positive comments from a couple who had the room next door and the menu looked appetizing and very reasonable. Our breakfast was included in the room and the quality of service and food was second to none. The sausages, bacon and eggs were all incredibly tasty and were certainly not “cheap produce!”  Overall our stay was extremely comfortable and we found Dolphin House to be excellently presented and professionally staffed.	
Apr 25 2009 	Can't Get More Space with that Money in London	At last, a room in London that can properly fit 2 open suitcases. And they don't rip you off for that. Elegant and upmarket-looking but really affordable at the end of the day. Not in the heart of London (Pimlico) but the area is decent and not that far downtown (post-midnight taxi fare about GBP 11.00 from Soho). Excellent fitness facilities.	
Apr 16 2009 	Very nice flat but a few problems.	We stayed at the Dolphin House for 6 nights during spring break. Overall, it was a really great place to stay. We arrived late in the afternoon. The walk from the Pimlico tube station is about 2 blocks, so very convenient. Pimlico is on the Victoria line, so you can easily get just about anywhere in central London in under half an hour. When we arrived, they were a bit busy. After a long wait due to their computer being down, we were shown to our room. It was much larger than I expected: two large bedrooms with king sized beds, a living room, full bath, and a small kitchen. It was nicely furnished and very clean. It would have been much better if one of the rooms had two double beds instead of a king. It is rather pointless to have two king sized beds. My daughter wanted her friends to stay over, but the bed arrangement made it difficult. The furnishings are very modern. The bed linens are quite nice, although the bed itself was a bit hard for my taste. A few things turned out to be broken: one light bulb was out, the towel warmer didn't work, and the tea kettle was broken. Also, they provide absolutely no dish detergent, paper towels, dish rags or dish towels, so you have to buy these things if you want to do dishes. How the heck can you use an entire bottle of dish detergent or laundry detergent in a week? We left ours there, as I'm sure others have as well, so I suppose the housekeeping staff just takes what is left. There is a small shopping arcade in the hotel complex, which was nice for getting some snacks and breakfast food. It definitely saved us some money. The restaurant is quite good, although the service was very slow.Our flat was very hot and noisy. Although it was rather cool outside, inside it was boiling hot. We'd open the windows, but then it was too noisy. We never did figure out why it was so hot, unless we were over the laundry or something. The noise was mostly from the people upstairs who sounded as if they were rearranging furniture half the night.A word of warning about their rates: they do not include cleaning the room and changing linens, which was 10 pounds per day. We were not told this when we checked in, nor were we asked whether or not we wanted it done. They just came and did it. Sometimes they'd clean the kitchen, sometimes they wouldn't, so I don't know what they were supposed to do for the 10 pounds. Also, they do have wireless internet but they charge 25 pounds/weeks for access. An annoyance as I feel that this is something that hotels should now provide at not charge.Overall, this is a great place to stay, especially if you need or want a lot of space. The price is comparable to a tiny room in Mayfair, Covent Garden, or Soho, if not much less expensive. It is quick and easy to get anywhere on the tube. Dolphin Square is lovely and it is nice for kids to have some room to run around and play. Just make sure you have ear plugs if you are a light sleeper!	
Mar 25 2009 	Wow what a hidden Gem	We found this hotel on Laterooms.com and I am so pleased that we did!!The hotel is part of the Dolphin Square development and a great place to stay in the heart of London.The hotel is mainly designed for longer term stays but also accepts short stays, sadly we only stayed 1 night but will be back.The receptionist was very friendly and helpful and the fact it has parking is a big bonus. We were upgraded to a 1 bed apartment which had a seperate living area and a Kitchette. Plus we had fresh milk for tea and coffee (these little touches make all the difference). The bed as huge and comfortable, we had a great nights sleep.There is a fantasic gym/fitness area and a great pool. The restaurant was good food and at a great price. The Hotel also offers a small shopping area and hairdresser. It is more like a small village in the great metropolis of London Pimlico tube is 5 mins walk and the heart of london is 1 tube stop away.I cant recommend this place enough	
Mar 24 2009	disappointed	Booked 2 twin rooms, 1 good, 1 tiny, both same price. I expect clean towels every day, particularly as the shower door fitted very badly and water poured onto the floor, which my husband mopped up with teh towels. However towels are only changed twice a week, which is very poor for 4*. Hotel wanted a further £30 for more towels, Breakfast service dreadfully slow and both days several items missing off the menu, even fresh fruit!! However they didn't tell us this for at least 20 minutes on both days, so people had to select again adding a delay. Everyone ended up having to eat at different times, ridiculous.Reception staff on checkout impatient and rude, 3 parties at the desks all making complaints about various things. It doesnt seem to know whether it is a hotel or just serviced apartments.Stayed here a few years ago before refurbishment and it was excellent. I was looking forward to staying again, but was very disappointed this time. Won't be staying again.Only good thing about The Dolphin is the leisure suite which is excellent.	
Mar 16 2009 	not great	To be honest my review has to be coloured by the fact that the bed spread had dried semen on it. I really do mean that.........and that fact that I was expected to pay an extra tenner for a set of clean towels. Apparently they change them only only once every three days. Surly arrogant service as per usual at Dolphin House. If someone else is paying go elsewhere. Expected provisions, eg moisturiser, not there and not available. Good but deserted cocktail bar. Room service limited in the extreme both in terms of the food available and timings, there were like two things on their 'take away' menu. Very odd and a Real failure.	
Mar 16 2009 	POOR POOR POOR Service	Horrible Service...It takes them 4 hours and 6 phone calls to respond to a broken toilet request on a Monday morning...oh not to mention the RUDE staff...who cut you off, mid sentence, YA YA you....basic courtesy is missing...Laundary services take 5 days, even if you pay for same day...and of course, 4 phonecall reminders....Any housekeeping has to be requested 4 times, always goes to voicemail and of course no one returns any calls....Wake you up at 3pm every single day...by mistake or for whatever reason they fancy...Oh Ya, they don't beleive in knocking and waiting for you to open the door for them....We had to put 'Sleepy' sign to stop people from walking in on us ALL the time !Don't go there if you want any privacy...	
Mar 8 2009 	Very impressed with apartment!	We were very impressed with this apartment - we booked online and got a great last minute deal and got way more than our money's worth. The apartment was a very decent size for two people and was modern and very comfy. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and the location was good - only a minutes walk from Pimlico tube station and about 10 mins from Victoria train and coach station. My only regret is that we didn's read the small print and didn't realise that we could've used the pool and spa facilities during our stay. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	OK but beware swimming pool schedule and location	Stayed 6 nights (2 adults, 1 9-year-old child) in a decently sized room with bathroom and tiny kitchen. Folding bed was added for the kid, but no extra kitchenware provided: exactly 2 knives, forks, plates etc. We did not address this issue, probably would have been solved easily, but still a bit silly. Room was cleaned daily, towels replaced every 3 days, dishes in the kitchen were our own problem (fair enough).One important reason to come here was the free access to a swimming pool in the nearby fitness center, but since kids are only allowed 10AM-noon and 2-5 PM, and 9-6 on weekends, it seriously cut into our time seeing the city. Swimming earlier or later is possible for adults but not for kids, because fitness center members would complain. Hosts failed to point this out at time of reservation.The location is not optimal for 2 reasons: 1. Nearby tube station Pimlico is on the Victoria line, which means that almost any destination requires at least one switch. However, doubledecker bus 24 does stop very close by and takes you to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square etc. 2. A decent supermarket is not within walking distance. Canned food and the like are available very close by, but e.g. fresh vegetables are harder to come by.There is a restaurant attached offering good food from a one-page menu.All in all decent value for money and no serious complaints.	
Feb 27 2009 	Weird place	This is one of the weirdest places I've stayed in. No doubt there are some lovely apartments and rooms at Dolphin House, but I was in a room within a building that reminded me of a boarding school or hospital, with those institutional cooking smells. There was also a strange throbbing noise all night, similar to a ship's boiler or gigantic washing machine. If you ignore all that &amp; the lack of bowls in the kitchen corner, this was good value for its location.	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent staff terrible food!	I stayed for one night in this hotel and would definitely go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat in the restaurant again!I arrived, after a nightmare journey, latish on the Sunday night.. The reception staff were friendly and efficient and a helpful gentleman carried my bag to my room for me. I was initially allocated a ground floor room, which smelt oddly of toffee cake but was v large with a huge bed, and was very nice. It wasn't an apartment, although it did have a kitchen 'area'. I marvelled at the lack of coat hangers (there was one), tried to find some proper coffee (ie not decaff) and wondered why it was so hot when the radiators were off.As it was so late, I went straight off to the restaurant (last orders 9.45). Staff ignored me until I went over to them and asked to see a menu. The food came quickly but the both the starter and main course were cold. The main course was really odd - Ribeye with peppercorn butter and sauted potatoes. The potatoes were mushy and watery leaving a greasy aftertaste and the butter was margerine - nasty. I would have told the staff but they didn't say a single word to me! Breakfast was also a bit poor, overcooked poached eggs with margerine-ed soggy toastOn return to my room I noticed the bathroom vanity unit was troubled by a few tiny ants, not something I'm bothered by but I wanted a bath and they were all over the towels. I called reception and they sent out the porter to have a look and very quickly moved me to a different room on the 4th floor. This had a smaller bathroom but a larger kitchen area (kettle, toaster, microwave) and was even nicer than the first one. The bed was huge, confy and loads of pillows. This one had plenty of coathangers but still no proper coffee.The location is excellent - 1 min walk to catch the no 24 bus, takes you to Victoria in 5 mins and Westminster in 10. Five mins from tube station but in a nice quiet square. The pool looked nice, though I didn't use it. A few shops around.Would I go back - definately, it's a good price, good location and the rooms are spacious, confortable and clean. If you are staying for a few days in London and aren't eating out every night then something like this is ideal. I just won't be eating there again!	
Feb 15 2009 	Spacious - a few missing touches	My wife and I stayed here whilst work was taking place on our flat nearby. We booked through Expedia, which was a mistake as we still had to pay for 4 nights even though we left after 3 nights. Rooms were quiet and spacious, and the leisure facilities are very good. Many finishing touches were missing: the hairdryer cable was too short to reach a power point near a mirror, the bedroom had no facility to listen to radio, the heating was turned off when we arrived, and the maids clearly don't include cleaning tea cups in their room service. Nevertheless, good value and a good location close to Pimlico tube, and the local restaurants and shops. In addition to the in-house shops and restaurants there is a tapas bar, curry house and Pizza Express within 400yds. The excellent Sainsburys Marketplace by Victoria Station is just a short walk away too. A good spot, nice rooms, but could try a little harder with customer care.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great value for money excellent location helpful staff.	We stayed here for 4 nights in Feb 2008 for my friends 50th birthday, even though we live only 2 hours away by train.We had a one bedroom apartment on the third floor at the front of the building, overlooking the school.We found the apartment to be large and spacious, and furnished to a reasonable standard. All furniture and equipment was in excellent condition, no thread-bare chairs or stained carpets and all appeared to be less than a few months old when we stayed in Feb 08. I can describe the apartment to be functional, there are no fancy trimmings or unnecessary extras, this is a base for sightseeing over several days or for a business trip, not for those who are expecting their hotel to be the ‘centre’ of their &quot;Holiday Experience&quot;. If you want trimmings, then you would be better off elsewhere, these apartments are for living in, not for a luxurious holiday.When you enter the apartment you find yourself in a large hall area from which there are two main doors, one to the lounge and one to the bedroom. The kitchen area is accessed from the lounge and the bathroom is accessed from the bedroom. In the hall there is also a storage cupboard/extra wardrobe where the (free standing) ironing board and iron is also located.Bedroom:The bed was more than comfortable and the bed linen of excellent quality, with no signs wear. Everything was perfectly clean. There is a wardrobe with adequate space for a 3 to 4 day stay for one person, but if there are two of you, then you may need to use the extra wardrobe storage space in the hall. There is a dressing table, but located on the darker side of the room away from the window and the natural light, which was a nuisance. There is a flat screen television with all UK Freeview channels. A good quality hair dryer was also provided.Bathroom:Clean and basic with just toilet, bath+shower and sink. There is no cabinet for storing toiletries, which was a nuisance, and I found the mirror was set too far back from the sink. You couldn't do your makeup or any facial pampering by it easily, but a guy probably would find it adequate for shaving. With the position of the dressing table and the bathroom mirror, this apartment was obviously designed by a man ?Lounge:The two-seater sofa in the lounge was very comfortable, sumptuous velour and of good quality. And it was Purple :-) There was also a coffee table, a writing desk, a small dining table with two chairs and a large flat screen television. Like many modern hotels these days, the television, games console, hotel information system and Wi-fi are all driven from a dedicated computer located underneath the tv. We didn't have any problems with this and I was able to use my laptop through the wi-fi without any problems.Kitchen:The kitchen equipment is basic, as you would expect for this type of apartment, but it was more than adequate for its job. The kitchen in our apartment was in an alcove off the lounge. On some floors, full kitchens are provided.There was a two ring built-in hob, built-in microwave/oven and a built-in fridge. All the equipment functioned perfectly. My only complaint here was that we only had the bare minimum of cutlery and utensils for two people, it could have been better equipped perhaps. Although I can’t remember what was in the welcome hamper, I do know that it was quite reasonable compared to what we have had at other aparthotels.Staff:We found the staff to be friendly and efficient. Upon arrival in our room we decided to have the double bed split into two singles. Having phoned reception a maid appeared quite promptly after about 15/20 minutes, removed the existing bed linen, split the bed and re-made each bed with new linen. It was all sorted within an hour and the girl was quite friendly and congenial.Ambience:The apartment was one of the quietest we have stayed in. The apartment is in a residential area and many staying in the building are there for business. There was absolutely no noise after about 11pm. During the day it is a little different. There is a school opposite and at the time we stayed, there was building work going on with the square itself. But the noise was not intrusive at all and only lasted during the normal working hours.Location:Excellent. 10minute walk to the Thames, 25 minute walk to Victoria Rail Station or to the boroughs of Chelsea or Westminster, 15 minute taxi to Waterloo rail station, and it’s a 10 minute walk to Pimlico Tube from where Central London is no more than 15 minutes away. So you are within easy reach of the West End.Negatives:The poor positioning of the mirrors was frustrating for someone like me who needs to do makeup, etc. Could have done with more wardrobe space.There was only a minimum of tourist information provided in the apartment, and hardly any information about where to eat outside the building, or where to order a takeaway. Anyone who is expecting to arrive late should research where they can eat out well before hand. Or ensure they take sufficient food for evening meal and breakfast.I would stay here again.	
Feb 5 2009 	Very comfortable and luxurious	Stayed here for several days while in London working in a one bed apartment. The price varied from day to day but worked out to be about £115 a night which was great value for what we had since it all felt luxurious. Spacious bedroom with a very comfortable (and huge) bed and a TV directly opposite it. Plenty of wardrobe space too as well as a big closet in the large hallway. The sitting room was also a good size with a comfortable sofa and two good areas suitable for work (dining table and desk). Reasonably priced internet access too - £25 for the week. And friendly staff. The area is quiet but there was a building site across the road which could be a bit noisy at times.On the downside Pimlico feels a bit remote - the only shops we found nearby were the ones in the arcade and a couple of newsagent/grocers by the tube. So no big supermarkets which might be more of an issue if you have specific needs or are staying a longer time. I would also advise anyone staying at weekends to check whether Victoria line is running okay (it was being upgraded and was closed all day sunday when we were there and we had to wander round looking for buses).	
Jan 23 2009 	Good value-great place	We booked a 1 bedroom appartment for the price of what we normally pay for a hotel-room in London. We did not expect much as we have stayed in very small studios that looked big in the pictures on the web. This hotel did not disappoint! Felt like an upgrade to a suite! Spacious bedroom with comfertable bed, wardrobe, flatscreen tv, desk and bathroom en-suite. Living room very nicely decorated with extra wardrobe built in, sofa, chairs and dining table, flat screen tv and a desk. Kitchenette was small but functional. Did not have dishwasher, but for a week that can be tolerated:-) All hotel area is very clean and nicely presented. The best surprise is the very nice swimming-pool with steam-room and sauna. Clean and very relaxing area. Great big gym with a lot of choices from fitness to squash. Nice gardens. Very close to Pimlico station. We have found our favorite London-hotel and are going back very soon!!	
Jan 20 2009 	Need to work hard on service	This hotel is not that conveniently located. It is not near any facilities such as shops, cinemas, restaurants, although it is close to Pimlico tube station. However, when walking to and from the hotel, the roads were deserted at night and it is a very quiet station after hours so on most occasions I was confronted by strangers (I was on my own), once by a young group of guys who were quite scary. The staff are polite but don't seem to have much power or influence. I tried to do certain things like upgrade but they have no flexibility at all. I arrived from the US at 11am and although it was a huge place, they wouldn't find me a room and I had to go straight to my meeting without washing or changing. On day 3 they told me I would have to change rooms so I packed all my belongings up (3 suitcases because I had Christmas presents for people) and when I got back in the evening they said they had made a mistake and i was staying in the same room after all so I had packed up for nothing. Each day I stayed the dishes and cups I had used were left dirty and unwashed by the cleaning staff. Also, if you book through Expedia or Hotels.com be aware that you cannot cancel or change your reservation whatsoever as I tried to do so 14 days prior to going and both hotels.com and Dolphin Square said &quot;tough luck - you lose your money&quot;. Overall a bad stay. I usually stay at the Sloane Square Hotel which is very lively, has great breakfast (no breakfast at Dolphin Square) and is close to the best shops and restaurants. Much more exciting to stay there. Much safer at night too, especially for women.	
Jan 18 2009 	Nice accomodation great service	Stayed here three nights (one more than expected due to be very ill at the time) and had a very nice suite with a seperate lounge.The apartments are set in a large complex building that also features a gym and residential apartments. The suite we had included a separate lounge and was an end apartment which probably catered for more space. The en suite bathroom was nice although the glass blocks to one side may not be everyones taste due to letting light into the bedroom during the night for anyone using the bathroom.The rooms came with a tv/pc system that allowed to view our dvds etc and it does the job although had to use the view zoom on the tv to remove the messages from the edges of the view as it uses media player on the pc.Only further niggle was I could not find anyway to control heating although this wasn't a major issue during the weekend. I became very ill during my stay with a stomach virus and the staff were very helpful offering to organise a doctor.Location wise the area is a mix between very nice expensive living and on the edge of council style areas. Many of the local shops closed around 10pm meaning any supplies had to be bought prior to this. Pimlico station is a five minute walk if that making it around a 10 min journey into central london. Would happily stay here many times over.	
Jan 11 2009 	Very nice good value	I really enjoyed the Dolphin House. I booked a single room (twin bed) 50 pounds. It had a fridge, a toaster, and a coffee maker. Also, internet was available ON the tv for 5 pounds a day. The location was only a 2-3 minute walk to the Pimlico tube station which was very helpful. At first I couldn't find the hotel because it was back off the main road but it definitely kept things quiet :) Bring your own shampoo however- the free stuff made my hair feel gross. I plan to stay here again in August with a friend.	
Jan 11 2009 	Nice property according to London standards..But ..	We arrived at the hotel and were impressed by the way the apartment complex looked. It was modern and luxurious looking. The room was very small, but looked nice. The bed was the main point in the room, large and very inviting. Bathroom was also pretty nice. There were several items advertised for this room, that did not excist or work. There were no sitting area in the room, no microwave, no bidet and no handheld shower. The pay tv/ internet/ cd/dvd features did not work in our room, and nothing was done to fix it. I also got electrical shocks from the light switches. The only things in the room that impressed me, was the bed and the large and powerful hairdryer... We went to eat breakfast the first morning. We paid about 11 pounds for the continental breakfast option. It was terrible. I have never seen worse continental breakfast ever. 3 cheeses to choose from - blue cheese, camembert and some dry yellow cheese... nothing you would crave for breakfast... There was a nice swimming pool at the apartments, but with glasswalls it was just annoying. The whole resturant and the staff was watching if you chose to go in that pool... The hotel has still not refunded me the deposit of 50 pounds that you are required to leave at check in, I hope they do so soon..	
Jan 3 2009 	Tranquil historic setting	We booked our four night stay through a family holidays web-site before leaving Western Australia. Arriving from several weeks travelling inTurkey and France, we were very pleased with the high level of luxury at the &quot;Dolphin Palace&quot;.We had a two bedroom apartment for my husband and I and our two teenage daughters - aged 17 &amp; 15. The rooms were very clean, well appointed and quite spacious, and the staff were helpful and knowledgeable about the area and London.We enjoyed the hotel champagne bar each evening for relaxation and the free Wi-Fi access - also very friendly staff.The shopping mall downstairs was very useful - especially for all the little extra things needed during an extended stay. The kitchen in our apartment was more than adequate for homely meals as an alternative to weeks of restaurant food. Although, we also found the BEST Indian restaurant nearby - the Top Curry Centre - a fantastic find! Our stay was also very reasonable in price - for a family of four in central London, we were very pleased all around. Close to transport, quiet location and a little luxury - we are looking forward to our next visit!	
Nov 10 2008 	Great value rooms	We booked these rooms through lastminute .com and at £90 a night we were really pleased with all the facilities. Spotless rooms, wonderful large beds and plenty of pillows. (actually had a couple of great night sleeps). The leisure centre was modern, clean and very well serviced. Chose to eat breakfast in the complex and again, wonderful quality food. The best cheese omelette I have ever tasted and all the ingredients seemed to organically sourced. A good walk to Westminster, takes no longer than 15mins which makes it an ideal place to stay away from all the hustle and bustle.	
Oct 26 2008 	Very accomodating	The Dolphin House is a combination hotel and apartments. They have a hallway &quot;mall&quot; that has several places to purchase items since it is located in a neighborhood. The &quot;mall hallway&quot; has everything you would need, i.e., grocery store, cafe, breakfast area, hair styling, liquor store, and several other shops. The rooms are an adequate size for two people. Bathroom has a nice long vanity for storing toiletries. They have room internet access for a fee. The tube is a few blocks away, maybe a 10 minute walk. There are shops and stores in that area. Rooms were a little warm due to the bathroom towel rack warmer but they give you a fan in your room so we opened the windows and put the fan on. Beds were very comfortable. Clean establishment.	
Oct 24 2008 	OK	We stayed in a one bedroom apartment. When you enter the apartment, there is a wide and narrow corridor and you see four doors. From the left, the first door is to the bedroom, the second is to the bathroom and almost opposite the front door, the third is to the galley kitchen, and the fourth to the lounge area. The bedroom was on the small side. It had two twins pushed together to make a king side bed, two night stands, a small dresser with three drawers and a 25”(?) LCD flatscreen TV on top of the dresser. There are two large closets for clothes. One has room for hanging clothes plus about four shelves, a safe, iron and ironing board. You need the shelves in the closet because the dresser is not very big. The big had lovely Frette linens and a warm comforter. During our stay, the weather was warm for October and the comforter was too warm for us. The bathroom had a tub with shower, toilet, small sink, a towel warmer, two bath towels, two hand towels, and a bath mat. There was no electrical outlet in the bathroom. Also, no washcloth/face cloth, so you’ll need to bring your own. The kitchen is a galley kitchen. It had a small microwave oven, stove, half refrigerator, dining and glassware for two, pots and pans, no measuring cup or measuring spoons. It had dishwashing soap, Handiwipe, and dish towel. The refrigerator was a half size one with no freezer. The lounge had a sofa, coffee table, a side table with lamp (lighting was very dim), 32”(?)LCD flatscreen, a desk and chair, a 30”(?) round dining table with two upholstered armchairs (not dining chairs). Lighting in the living room was very dim (might want to bring/buy a higher watt bulb). Hallway, kitchen, and bathroom had fluorescent lighting. Lighting in bedroom was much better than in the living room. In the apartment hallway, there is a vanity type table with mirror. We had a room facing the square and we didn’t notice any construction noise. We are in the flightpath for aircraft going into Heathrow airport, so we heard the planes occastionally. There was a change of towels every three days. We checked in on a Friday and our first change was on Monday. They did not replenish toiletries (shampoo, lotion, body wash, soap) so bring your own.The Pimlico tube station is doing maintenance on their down escalator until mid-November, so you have to walk down a very long flight of stairs. We took the #24 bus more than any other transportation. When coming out of the hotel, turn left to the end of the street and you’ll see the #24 bus going towards Victoria Station. It goes to Victoria Station, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, so we found it much easier to take the bus than the subway. We found that the nearest large supermarket is Sainsburys. You take the #24 bus and get off at Warwick Way. The supermarket will be right there. To get back to the hotel, cross the street and the bus stop will be right there going back. Also, the apartment has wi-fi, but we did not bring a computer. We found internet access on Lupus Street (out the hotel, turn left to end of street, turn right on Claverton, and then left on Lupus. There’s a store a couple of blocks away. You’ll see a sign for internet access. It only cost £1 for one hour. You pay your money and get a code to login and it gives you an hour’s time. You have one week to use up the hour, so it was a very good deal. We paid £155-165 per night, so other people got great deals.	
Oct 22 2008 	Good Option	Good quality apartments. we booked a 2 bed/ 1 bath apartment for 2 adults and 2 kids. The apartment also had a kitchen and living room. Not huge rooms, but you don't want to spend a great deal of time in your hotel when in London. Location was good and safe. About 100m from Pimlico underground station. Limited options from pimlico, but Victoria is only one stop and that gives you access to more lines.	
Oct 18 2008 	Worth considering	We booked Dolphin House at the last minute for 2 nights for a family of five transiting from Holland to Southwest England. We got a two bedroom apartment, the rooms were smaller than what we had experienced a week earlier at the Harrington in South Kensington (see our separate review) however the fitout was nicer and facilities far superior, although we didn't get time to fully utilise them. For instance, the room rate gave us access to a very modern pool and gym complex attached to the hotel with full changerooms attached. Downstairs and within the complex there was also a small selection of shops including a pharmacy, grocery store, cafe, and travel agent. Considering this part of town is not a major tourist or shopping area, it was handy to have these shops nearby. The Pimlico tube station is two blocks away. The room had a washing machine but no dryer, however there are two laundrettes nearby, one close to Pimlico station. While I had a laptop and was able to use the wi-fi, there were also a couple of Internet cafes near the laundrettes.	
Oct 13 2008 	Loved it!	I stayed in this hotel on a weekend deal with my fiancee and it was absaloutely superb. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly. the service was great. We paid £170 for 2 nights for a fabulos studio room with a kitchenette and continental breakfast. We had requested a room with a view preferably on a higher floor and they allocated us a room with a fantastic view of the gardens. The room itself is was beautifully decorated and very clean. The bathroom and kitchen was very modern. The pool is an added bonus. Its art deco style and is lit up with blue or pink light so its very relaxing. The only problem we had was with the residents of the complex..they seemed to think they owned the pool and we very snobby about it. Obviously thiis has nothing to do with the hotel but that was the only problem. The hotel is very near the pimlico tube station and there aree lots of little shops around the area. We had a wonderful weekend and were extremely impressed by this hotel. We plan to return on our next weekend break. I strongly recommend Dolphin square	
Sep 21 2008 	Comfortable and Convenient	My friend and I stayed at Dolphin House 9/11/08-9/15/08. It was our first trip to London. I found the hotel via Trip Advisor and it met our needs perfectly. I booked online at the hotel's website and paid 90GBP per night. We chose the hotel largely due to rate and location. While there are cheaper hotels in London, we also wanted a decent room and location. The location is good, albeit slightly outside of main tourist areas (which helps with the rates). We planned to use the Tube to get to the sights around town and Dolphin House is convenient to the Pimlico station on the Victoria line (10 minute walk). While the line was closed during part of our visit (certainly not the hotel's fault), replacement busses took passengers to Victoria station at no cost. Dolphin House is largely an apartment community, so don't expect a typical hotel feel. I found the hotel office staff to be overly formal (slightly removed, disinterested, and not that friendly) for my taste, but both check-in and check-out went fine. A bellman took us to our room, helped with luggage, and answered several questions we had. The complex has a health club, including a pool. We didn't get a chance to use the facilities, but did tour the club and found it to be decent (free weights, sauna/steam, locker rooms, etc.). All guests can access the club, but again we didn't have time. The complex also has a small group of stores which came in handy (notably the coffee shop and grocery store).The room was very nice, #17. It was quite spacious and modern, had quality furniture and bedding, a kitchenette (sink/microwave/refrigerator/coffee maker), two large closets (with safe), and an unexpectedly big bathroom (with tub/shower combo). I will attach a couple of room photos that I took. The rooms offered by the hotel are not in a secured building, but we were reassured that 24-hour guards monitor the complex. Doors to the inner courtyard as well as exits to the street were not locked. We had no problem with this and never questioned our security during our stay. The room was generally quiet and comfortable. The room includes a TV with DVD player. My friend accessed the internet from here as well. When we had a problem with the DVD player, we called the front desk and two staffers quickly came to assist us. Our room was cleaned daily.Overall, we liked Dolphin House and it provided us with a &quot;home base&quot; during our tour of London. The room was quiet and the complex has much to offer. Don't be expecting a typical hotel at Dolphin House, but it was great to mingle with the local residents in the apartments and be real Londoners! With the Tube linking Pimlico to key transfer points, we were just a few minutes away from most places we wanted to see and paid less for our room than most visitors in more popular tourist areas.	
Sep 19 2008 	Unimpressed	I've stayed at what was the Dophin Square hotel before, and in a guest room in the complex which you used to be able to book via a resident. What have they done to this lovely place? It's been taken over and the front of house now looks modern and impersonal - lots of designer furniture and polite but useless staff in dark suits sitting behind Apple Macs. I paid over £200 to stay in a room in part of the building that used to house the guest rooms available to the guests of permanent residents. It was basically the same room with an upgrade of soft furnishings and addition of a sink and a fridge in the bedroom. The bathroom was the same, just with designer bath products! It was also very noisy with an irritating humming noise coming from some electrical equipment outside. I arrived late and didn't have the energy to go all the way back to reception to change rooms, but the noise kept me awake throughout the night.In the morning I discovered there was no hair dryer in the room and called three times before someone brought one round. Over-priced and underwhelming. I won't go back.	
Sep 9 2008 	Didn't live up to expectations	After reading the fantastic reviews for Dolphin House we booked 'run of the house', through their website for three nights. We chose a serviced apartment rather than a hotel because we wanted to do some basic self catering in the evenings.At check in we were allocated apartment 1 on the ground floor. It was so disappointing. The room was small and slightly grubby. The carpet in front of the kitchen unit was dirty and stained. There was no microwave, just a kettle and a toaster. The fridge had been turned off, so had defrosted and was full of warm water. There was crockery for one person only.We rang reception and asked if we could be moved to a room with a microwave and a working fridge. The member of staff said she didn't know, but someone would ring back in 5 minutes. After 20 minutes and no response, we marched back to reception with our luggage, to find that the message had been passed on but no one had chosen to act on it.We were told that since we had booked on the 'run of the house' tariff, we couldn't be moved. After some more assertive complaining about the state of the room, a one bedroom apartment on the 6th floor was 'found'. We were then lectured by the member of staff about what a great upgrade we were getting when we shouldn't really have it - surely 'run of the house' should mean getting the best available room, not the worst one.The one bedroom apartment was a big improvement, with large bedroom, bathroom and sitting room. However it still had only a small kitchen 'unit' with tiny sink, microwave and kettle, squeezed into the hallway of the apartment, which seemed a very strange use of the space. Perhaps we were unlucky, but both of the apartments we saw were slightly shabby and grubby, both with barely adequate kitchen facilities. Customer service is clearly not high priority at Dolphin House. Half of the staff we came across were pleasant, the other half were unhelpful and indifferent. Dolphin House is in a good location within walking distance of Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey etc, but I would not stay there again and do not recommend it.	
Sep 6 2008 	Not a hotel for people sensitve to construction noise and stuffy heat...	We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment at the Dolphin House for four days in late August/ early September. Let me first comment that the rooms are lovely- they are exactly as advertised- spacious, well appointed, and very clean. Unfortunately for me these positives did not outweigh the negative experience we had at the hotel. There is a major construction of the Pimlico School across the street from the hotel- on weekdays the construction takes place between 8:00 and 20:00 and on weekends they are working on Saturday mornings and afternoons. According to a sign outside of the school the construction will be ongoing until 2010. If you are facing the street and are sensitive to noise you will not be pleased with this hotel. We arrived very early from a transatlantic flight and waited until 3:00 p.m. to access our room. Immediately upon check in we requested a room facing the square as opposed to the construction zone as my husband is a very light sleeper. We were told there were none available but to check back again tomorrow. The following day we complained again and were told to pack up our luggage and they would move us to another room facing the courtyard that day. We arrived late in the evening and found they had not moved our luggage and had no record of the request and alas had no courtyard rooms available- they suggested we check back tomorrow. Rather than continue to keep our luggage packed and be continually disappointed we did not make the request again. During one of these discussions, the front desk also assured us there would be no construction on the weekend which was not the case. The staff at the front desk was always very nice but they weren’t effective and in our case couldn’t keep track of their commitments. The weather was not very hot in London but for some reason the rooms and building hallways were extremely hot and stuffy. I cannot imagine staying here when the weather is hotter- I think it would be an excruciating experience. We had the windows open at night when the construction ceased but for some reason the flat would not cool down. The staff in the restaurant at breakfast was poor as other reviewers mention. The manager rushes around the restaurant but it’s not clear what he might be doing exactly. He doesn’t help patrons who come into the restaurant waiting for tables even if the two waitresses have their hands full with patrons already seated- he literally walks back and forth through the breakfast area and doesn’t so much as make eye contact with a patron as he passes through. Overall if the construction was complete and it was winter this would be a hotel we would consider again. Until then this is not a hotel I could recommend.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great location - reasonable price	We stayed for 2 nights in one of the square’s 1-bedroomed apartments. The check-in staff were attentive and very efficient. The room was spotlessly clean with a small kitchen, a living room and an en-suite bedroom, all done in a modern and tasteful style and roomy for such a good location. The living room includes a large flat screen TV connected to a multimedia computer giving either a selection of Digital TV stations (Freeview) or access to on-demand movies, games or internet access, though these all have to be paid for. WiFi is also available in the room at a reasonable £5 for 24 hours. The first night we treated ourselves to a phoned-for take-away from a company called Deliverance, whose menu was left in the apartment. The food was adequate but didn’t really deliver on the rave reviews on the back of the menu, particularly the Chinese shredded beef. There are some shops attached to the complex on the ground floor, including a small supermarket and off-licence, and some gardens to roam around in the square. The only downside to the room was the noise coming from the building site across the road, although with the window closed it wasn’t overly intrusive. The main complaint we have is with the attached restaurant that served the continental breakfast. The food itself was high quality, but on the second day there was none left and we had to ask for more to be put out. The service from the staff was very poor, with a very off-hand attitude. i suggest getting provisions from nearby Pimlico (5 min walk) and make your own in your room kitchen!Overall, an excellent apartment, close to central London giving a good service for a reasonable price.	
Aug 25 2008 	fabulous	what a fabulous stay book 2 nights from 23/08/2008 1 bedroom apartment and got a lovely 2 bed apartment everything u needed was in therehighly recommendedand will be visiting again	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Stay Great Value!	We stayed for 2 nights at Dolphin House Serviced Apartments in August during a weekend sightseeing visit to London.We booked a weekend package deal through laterooms - 100% recommend doing this - for £170 total for two people for 2 nights (+breakfast included) we had a one bedroom apartment (normal rate £450). The apartment itself was smart, modern, very clean and had all the mod cons. The apartment consisted of lounge, bathroom, small kitchen, hallway and large bedroom. Although we didn't use the facilities of the complex we were informed we had free use of all the leisure facilites (including swimming pool, gym, tennis court etc) and had access to the attractive garden.Dolphin House is only a 5 minute walk from Pimlico tube station (zone 1) so is ideal for sightseeing. For a central London hotel the quality of this place was excellent and booked at the rate we found, offers outstanding value. Only one minor grumble reagrding the accommodation was that the rooms were hot at night (no air conditioning). However, a fan was provided in the bedroom therefore it was not a big issue.We would recommend this hotel for leisure visits and business stays alike. Extremely comfortable stay - we will be back.	
Jul 28 2008 	What a find!	We stumbled across these appartments on [--] and what a find. They were so cheap for central London only $230 NZ a night, so to be honest we weren't expecting too much, but they got rave reviews on laterooms, so we thought, give it a go, and as they were so well positioned for walking to see the sights we didn't mind if they were a bit grotty, but not to be, these appartments were lovely,and as an added bonus there is a nice restaurant on site with the best coffee we had in London as well as a store and hairdressers and gym and pool all on the complex.We were blown away by how good it all was.Just a 5 minute walk to the tube and a couple of restaurants nearby. My only complaint is that the rooms were terribly hot......don't know why, but they were. Lucky enough they did have a fan which we had to leave on all night, but appart from that the rooms were spacious and immaculate, the bathroom was huge as well. Will definetly stay again. Wendi Green Christchurch New Zealand.	
Jul 27 2008	sanctuary in London	We stayed twice for five days in July at the Dolpin Square, we prepayed through their &quot;run of the house&quot; rooms for the stays although management only acknowledged the one prepay,so will have some headache sorting it out with the credit card at home. Other than that the apartments are really lovely, the pool is amazing and the gardens are spendid! Our first stay was in a one bedroom, very spacious with a two sink bathroom, two tv's,a king bed and a simple kitchen which filled our needs, it comes with a kettle, fridge, and two sets of dinnerware. Second stay was facing the courtyard in a hotel style room, which is probably the most spacious apartment hotel room you can find in London.This place is pefect if you are with a family,we took our two year old swimming and he loved that. Very rare find in a London hotel to have so much green space and a pool. Pimlico tube station is a short walk with the first stop being Victoria station. Another tip for oveseas guests, we bought first class train tickets through Britrail in Canada and it was easy to just hop on a train without making any reservations, the British rarely travel in first class so the entire visit we only had a one or two business men sitting with us,compared to sitting in crowded standard class where people often are in your booked seats, this was a real treat!With the exception of no airconditioning which management should think seriously about installing, I would book again at Dolphin Square.	
Jul 23 2008	Utterly frustrating	Very frustrating! To get wireless Internet working you need a login. To get the login, you need to fire up a Dell PC under the TV, use a frustrating wireless keyboard and sign up. The wireless drops out frequently, making it impossible to use with a VPN connection.Only 2 settings in the kitchen (2 glasses, 2 plates, etc). The sink plug didn't fit, the toilet was broken by the cleaning staff, extra towels kept being removed, no ceiling lights and a lack of decent lamps, toilet didn't flush properly. Internal doors in the room close and had to be wedged open with cardboard. Bed as lumpy as a lunar crater.The phone was useless and echoed. Nothing in the room has the place's address or postcode (a must-have if you're ordering by phone in the UK).	
Jul 22 2008 	highly recomended	I booked this for a business trip with some colleagues and would definately return on future trips. The apartments were very clean , spacious and the beds were enormous, and extremely comfy. It was great having a small kitchen and a fridge for cool drinks. The only disappointment was that we had booked a three bed apartment and were informed on arrival that they had overbooked so we had to take a two bedroom one. This turned out OK as the apartments were really big, but we were not too pleased initially, Our disappointment was appeased however, when we had a free bottle of champagne delivered to our oom after complaining!The rooms were very warm and stuffy due to hot weather but we could sleep with the window open as we were on the third floor and it was very quiet. The leisure facilities looked fab altough we did not have time to use them.Will stay there again	
Jul 22 2008 	Understated style decent space	Dolphin House is quite a find for central London. The reception and rooms all have an understated stylishness - muted earth tones, modern design - and you get a good amount of space for your money (at least by London standards).Rooms are spotlessly clean and feature a mini-kitchen that allows you to save quite a few pounds by making your own breakfasts. Service was generally friendly and efficient. Location is superb for central London sightseeing (Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Trafalgar Square all pretty close). Two criticisms. None of the rooms appear to have aircon, which could be a problem if you happen to be there during the short British summer. Wasn't a problem for us, as it was pleasantly mild during our stay, but I might be wary about booking here in August. Also, the restaurant in the (very beautiful) gardens was not up to much. Slow service and patchy food - avoid the horrendously overcooked pasta.Overall, a great spot at a reasonable price, however.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good Facility Beware of Management	We booked this 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment for our family for a week-long stay in London and paid in full 3 months before our trip. We arrived exhausted after an international flight around 2:30 pm and were told our room had been &quot;overstayed&quot; and would not be ready for 2 or 3 hours! We told the manager this was not acceptable and he &quot;found&quot; another unit and sent us up to look at it, but it had only 1 bathroom. Back down to the lobby for another conversation with the manager, and he said that the apartment we'd booked was &quot;overbooked&quot;. More discussions, and finally were told the apartment was filthy and would take 2 to 3 hours to clean. We had to wander around looking for a place to eat for the rest of the afternoon and then came back and waited another hour. The manager was rude and unaccomodating. It was an awful beginning to our trip. The apartment itself was very nice, but they need new management.	
Jul 1 2008 	Ticks All the Boxes	My husband book these apartments as a surprise for my birthday. The location is excellent...very central and close to Pimlico tube station..which is 1 stop from victoria where you can change to the picadilli line....sounds complicated but actually really simple when you look at a tube map.The gardens and grounds are gorgeous, a little quite santuary in a busy city. We had a 1 bed apartment, which was spotless and beautifully decorated, although we were rarely in it as we were always out and about. It has a cute little indoor shopping mall, and a cafe. Also a bar and restaurant which was very reaonably priced for London, and a lovely swimming pool. I cannot fault thse apartment, they are perfect!!	
Jun 30 2008 	Hidden Gem	Searched high and low for comfortable and resonably priced accomodation in London. Exceeded our expectations. Great rooms, superb location excellent service. Only negative is no air con and corridors very warm!	
Jun 27 2008 	Westminster Gem	My fiance and I stayed at Dolphin House for two nights in mid-June. We had a first floor &quot;Run of the House&quot; room, which was a standard room according to Expedia. We were pleasantly surprised by the large size of the room (by European standards) and the general comfort/cleanliness of the room. Ours included a small kitchenette (bascially just a sink and small fridge), king size bed (deliciously soft and comfortable after a day of heavy-duty sightseeing), and full bath. The hotel is part of a large residential community which is why we chose it- rather than be in the completely touristy areas all of the time, it was wonderful to walk to the Tube in the morning with all of the workers, school-children, etc. A small glimpse into London living. Only three blocks to the Pimlico station and a few restaurants/corner stores. We walked 15 minutes to Parliament, 20 minutes to the London Eye. Only complaint: even though it was not warm outside, we were very stuffy and warm at night inside the room. We asked for a fan, and the concierge brought one within 5 minutes, and it worked just fine. All in all, a delightful place to stay! We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Excellent Value	We stayed here for three nights. We chose it because for family reasons we wanted to be close to Chelsea, and because we needed to make several trips via Victoria Station, but it would be a great location for more general tourism. Our room was small but perfectly adequate to our needs, and, at £90, remarkably good value. The bathroom was excellent. We were on the ground floor and the room was hot (it was June)—the hotel staff were clearly reluctant to leave the windows open all day. Our room was completely free of street noise—if one dislikes noise, one should avoid those directly on the Embankment (i.e. the Thames). It is under the Heathrow flight path, which didn’t bother us, and it shares this with some of the most expensive residential housing in the world so for most people this would be only a minor drawback. One evening we came back fairly late, and were too tired to want to go out again; we were pleasantly surprised how well the small restaurant suited our need for a light supper. The gardens of the apartment complex are well maintained and would be a nice place to sit and read, and Battersea Park across the river is a pleasant place to walk. We did not use the indoor pool or other facilities but they looked great. The staff were remarkably friendly. We shall stay here again.	
May 31 2008 	Great Location and Value	We had a one bedroom unit for a week. Even though tiny by the US standards, it had a Bedroom, Bath, Separate Living Room and a Kitchen with a Stove, Small Refrigerator and bare minimum appliances. Gave little bit of homey feeling compared to tiny hotel rooms in Europe. Rooms were quite clean and comfortable. Did not see individual temperature control in the room which could be a problem on very hot/cold days. The furniture was nothing fancy but adequate.It is about 10-15 minutes walk to the Victoria Station and London Eye. Bus 24 which goes directly to quite a few tourist spots and Pimlico tube station are a very short walking distance. There is also a nice commercial area with restaurants, shops, full grocery store, etc within walking distance, so the location is ideal.There are shops, ATM and a restaurant within the hotel which was very convenient. High Speed wireless Internet access is free from the Hotel bar and worked very well.All the people at the hotel were very professional, friendly and helpful.Overall, a great value and location especially if you are looking for something more than a dry hotel room. Would go back any time.	
May 26 2008 	Great! Loved it.	Paid about £115 for one night. Double bedroom, ensuite bath and shower and separate kitchen/lounge area. On fifth floor.Lovely decor, extremely comfortable bed, good quality bathroom and handy little cafe downstairs for breakfast. The swimming pool was worth taking advantage of. It's all very new, modern and relaxing. You can check out at midday so try to get to use it if you can. We ate out in a nearby Indian restaurant near Pimlico tube. But we did not see anywhere else, other than in the hotel restaurant which looked expensive. The only downside I could see was the receptionist who was hard to understand (not brilliant English) and check in and out seemed to take longer than it should have. But other than that there are lots of staff (too many?!) around who are all attentive and helpful if you need them to be.	
Apr 27 2008 	Newly Renovated Nice Location	This hotel is actually part of a larger apartment complex that was just recently renovated in the past few years. It is conveniently located within a short walk to the tube, and there are a few nice restaurants/shops nearby. The room itself was VERY small, but not ridiculous by London standards. The bathroom had new fittings, and the free toiletries were high-quality. The furniture was fairly new, but it all seemed to be of questionable quality - I wonder how well it will stand up to the constant wear and tear of hotel use. There is a shopping arcade in the complex, which included a liquor store and convenience store. The bed linens were nice, and the TV was a new flat-screen. The check-in was prompt, and the service was competent. All in all, this is a great place to stay if you can get a discount on the regular rate, but if your quoted room rate is in the &quot;luxury&quot; range, I would probably stick with a more established hotel chain.	
Apr 19 2008 	Great Value	I paid just over £90 for a one night stay in this serviced apartment. Apart from the room not being ready when I got there (7pm??) I was very impressed with this place. The room was extremely well equipped, felt more expensive than what I paid. This was room 519, quiet location, kingsized bed. flat screen TV, Kitchen and nice bathroom. Very nice swimming pool, adequate fitness suite the place even has a small shopping arcade and a bar and grill..beer prices were cheaper than the local pub!Five minutes walk from Pimlico tube, probably 15min walk to Victoria or 25mins to Houses of Parliament, so it's a good quiet spot but close to central London.	
Apr 9 2008 	Loved it!	Everything at this hotel is great!We booked a studio apartment and it was fantastic! The bathroom was huge and there was a separate sitting room.We didn't want to get out of bed - it was massive and soooo comfortable!The staff were friendly and the breakfast was lovely - delivered to the door. We stayed for Valentines (by chance not intentionally)and even had a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine in our fridge!Great access to the tube (Pimlico) and local shops for necessary items - loved every minute of it... the best place to stay in London!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Ssshhhhh ! I have found the best overnight in town.	The best thing about the Dolphin Square (House) Hotel is that it is currently No 393 on Tripadvisor's list of places to stay in London. This should happily ensure that for some time to come it will remain a little hush hush - because it is possibly the best value place to stay in the Capital. I can appreciate that some may find the whole experience a little too informal - not hotel like enough. The upstairs hallways are so damn long they could be a little freaky for some and one may be forgiven for wondering if Jack Nicholson were about to emerge with axe held high ! I can appreciate that the poor chap who was put between the two elevators had mechanics 'in stereo' and hated every minute. I can certainly imagine that the pleasant but frankly undertrained staff, could cause some a coronary blip ...BUT I luckily have stayed here on two occasions and can only rave about it. On both occasions I paid £135 and got my own appartment (on one occasion 'huge') but better than that, this place has been refurbished by someone who actually understands the human being. The beds and pillows are a joy - the place is pretty quiet for a london hotel and very quiet on the backside and most of the rooms do not have a light shining in the window to show the tourists (who do not frequent this area) what a lovely place it is ! And joy of joy the windows open .....wide !On top of this they even found a 'warm' flooring for the bathrooms and the small kitchens are perfectly fitted out and with nice glasses to drink from. WHO oh WHO is this genius ? The only complaint is the rather noisy DVD in the bedroom (but I just turned it off) and the sweltering room on arrrival - but again just turn the radiators off - dead easy. I have not noticed any air con so on a hot summer night I am sure it would be just like well....being at home ! (but the windows do open)Now that the new reception area, pool and bar/restaurant have been completed the whole thing adds up to the best value night I have yet found in London after years of searching. The restaurant manager also has a fine taste in good value wines. I only hope they can carry on displeasing a few so that those who know what to ask for, can continue to enjoy a great nights sleep for a reasonable price - a concept that seems too tricky for 90% of hoteliers to manage. I am finally happy to spend the night in town without worrying about my wallet. Thank you and dont change a thing .	
Mar 16 2008 	Terrable	I Have stayed in the London Dolphin Square hotel, for 2 days on business. I stay regularly in hotels and apartment hotels 4 and 5 star world wide. Arrived to the hotel at 14.00, reception informed me that the room will not be ready till 15.00.So I waited. Later on arrived to the room which was located in-between 2 elevators. Left my bags and went to my meeting. Arrived back at 2130. After a shower which I noticed was very small indeed. One could see that they have made this room on the cheap. The door handle to the small kitchen had several screws missing; the picture in the bedroom was half hidden by the cupboard. Tried to go to sleep as I had an early business meeting in the morning. It was impossible to sleep as I could hear the elevator mechanism every 3 minuets! So after a short while I phoned reception and asked to be moved. The receptionist tries to tell me that the hotel was fully booked. I said I shall be coming down with my bags in 10 minutes, which I did. The receptionist found another room (1 bed studio). Was a very small 1 bed studio. Again done on the cheap. The day after I went early to my meeting, returned at 1545, my room was not ready. I spoke to reception and the cleaners they said it will take 20 minutes. I waited. After that, I went back to the room – the only thing which they did - 2 cleaners – was the bed. The coffee cup and water glass were not clean, toiletries not taken away or replaced, coffee or indeed tea were not replaced. They have done absulutly nothing but the bed. I phoned to speak to the duty manager to say why I am paying £200.00. They send up the receptionist, with the cleaning manager and the 2 cleaners! They claimed to say that they only do the beds! Until one moves out or requests to have the room cleaned – for an extra charge. As I mentioned earlier I stayed in numerous apartment hotels -0 they don’t only clean but also wash the dishes.If you want to pay £200 and do the room cleaning, replace your own toiletries and coffee that is the hotel for you.They also forgot to mention on the time of booking that the pool area is being refurbished and lots of noise and workmen shouting can be heard.I am very disappointed in this hotel.	
Mar 12 2008 	Newly renovated apartments at the old Dolphin Square	Stayed for 10 days in a two bedroom apartment with living room and small kitchen. Nice location in Pimlico near the tube station. Several nice restaurants in the immediate area and several pubs. Near Parliment. Had stayed here off and on for several years but the owners decided to get out of the hotel business and become apartments only for long term tenants. They recently decided to have a mix of regular tenants and short term rentals. It was much nicer than a hotel room, TV's are new flat screen in each bedroom and one in the living room. It was clean and quiet and the bathrooms were modern. The staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. Free access to an exercise facility and a swimming pool. Internet WIFI for a fee or internet on the TV. Plan to stay there again. Booked this via an aparment broker. Apartments4London.com	
Feb 17 2008 	My home from home	Back in 2002, I stayed at what was the Dolphin Square Hotel for almost a year (weekdays). I generally get quite anxious in hotels - hotel food, musty carpets and the sounds of people in adjacent rooms drove me to search the Capital many times and I finally found this place - and what a reward. It closed after being sold in 2006 I think. I stayed there on the last night before they closed and when they re-opened as short-let apartments in October 2007, I went back there again. I was nervous - would my home from home be my reliable staple or would I be disappointed?Well, gladly, nothing of what I enjoyed had been lost. Every room has cooking facilities - the smallest is a studio and then you can have multiple room apartments. You don't hear people because rooms are quite big. And the place has been completely refurbed. The location is a few minutes' walk to Pimlico, or 10 minute brisk walk up a beautiful road of Georgian town houses to Victoria. Sloan Square is also little more than 10 minutes' walk away and in a couple of minutes, having cut through the lovely garden, you're at the river and 10 minutes' from Battersea Park. You can do so much from here without ever getting on a tube but with Victoria not far away, the whole of London is accessible from here. And if you really don't like the tube, a taxi into town costs about £6-£8. I feel that Dolphin Square is for people who like to feel safe and secure, with a bit of space and not feel like they're in a hotel. It's not very expensive either, for London.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great new find...	This place (which I think used to be called Dolphin Sq.) seems to be a totally new hotel. My room was totally new - looked as if the carpet had just gone down - quiet and comfortable. It had its own mini kitchen area. It was amazing value for money - booked through laterooms for under £100.The hotel seems to be sharing its premises with an apartment company.They had a swimming pool and restaurant which were still being built, but hardly an issue when in London but maybe good for the Summer.It is about five minutes walk from Pimlico tube (ten mins from Victoria station) so slightly off the beaten track but in a nice area. Really friendly efficient staff - I will be back.	
Jan 26 2008 	Comfortable stay	We stayed there with our 11 month old daughter after failing to extend our reservation at our usual 5* hotel. In general terms it's a great location and very convenient, specially if you're traveling with children or planing to stay more than just a couple of days. It's a great area in London, not so busy but still central and easy to access.A full renovation has been concluded less than a year ago, however, in our opinion, the bathrooms are still a bit far from ideal. The washbasins and bathtubs are the traditional English style, i.e. separate hot and cold taps which is not so easy to use. Not a smart choice for a hotel expecting international guests.The toiletries are not the best quality so either bring your own or you can visit the pharmacy or supermarket which is conveniently next door.For those traveling with babies, don't really count on the local convenient stores for supplies as this is not a touristic neighborhood so they really keep minimal stocks and only certain brands.All over, it was a good experience, even though we shifted from a 5* star, and we'll probably go back when with the baby, however don't get excited with the price as for the facilities, it's just about the right price and not a super cheap option.The hotel staff are nice and helpful and wherever possible they were accommodating.	
Jul 13 2009 	Je n'y reviendrai pas		
Jun 2 2009 	Bonne affaire!		
Apr 23 2009 	Estupenda estancia gran localización		
Apr 15 2009 	Super !		
Feb 22 2009 	bonne situation		
Jan 30 2009	Bon petit séjour à Londres		
Oct 13 2008 	todo perfecto		
May 19 2008 	ottimo pulito comodo a tutto		
