	It served a purpose	I managed to book the last room in the hotel for a function I was attending nearby. This was a triple room, however if 3 people stayed in this room it would have been very entertaining as the 3 beds were all pushed together so to get on the other 2 beds you would have have to stand at the bottom of the bed and launch yourself onto it.The room was clean, which was all I really desired, although things were missing and falling off the furniture, such as drawer handles etc, and despite asking reception they could not find a remote control for the TV.I was only used my room for around 6 hours, so as I said it served a purpose, but certainly not a hotel of choice. Depending what you wanted this was a good base for me at the time.	
Nov 19 2009 	Horrible "hotel"	We booked a room from Euro HOTEL Clapham, but they put us to Euro LODGE Clapham, even though the confirmation e-mail said hotel not lodge. Breakfast was just tea/coffee, toast and cornflakes. Very poor.The room was horrible, shower useless, bed uncomfortable. No fire alarm in the room.Check my photos....	
Nov 9 2009 	Unsafe with owners which smoke in the dining room.	This is the copy of the blog post I wrote at:http://www.kianryan.co.uk/2009/11/euro-hotels-london-place-to-avoid/See the post for images.--I travel quite a bit. Mostly around the UK, I end up visiting clients all over the place. A travel and stay cheaply, I require very little. I ask for a clean room, half decent shower, and pleasant staff. That’s about it. I have stayed in some dodgy guest houses, scary hotels and borderline B&amp;Bs. But on no occasion have I been a place quite like this. I was so impressed by their attempts to thwart my enjoyment of my stay I decided it deserved a blog post.On the way down to London for a client visit, I ended up needing to make a very short notice change of plans to my accommodation stay. A quick search on my favourite booking site LateRooms.com threw up the “Euro Hotel Clapham” as being close to my client site, very cheap and it looked rather good (take a look at the photos). Room was booked, under “Euro Hotel Clapham”. My confirmation e-mail said so.Day 1So I turned up to Euro Hotel Clapham, and was told rather snottily that my room was not at the hotel, but at the Euro Lodge Clapham down the road. So I grabbed my not inconsiderable baggage and dragged myself down the road again. 20 minutes later in the lodge and I was seen to be checked in. I was given a keycard, and the receptionist walked me around to the room I was given.Walking from reception to my room required me to leave the building, cross a yard, scramble around the workmens’ van (did I point out this was a work in progress), go down a small alley way and enter a second building. Here’s the amount of space we had to get everything around. The van came and went over the next few days, but always returned to the same spot. At one point, there was also a bicycle in the gap left by the van. The staff were clearly aware of the obstruction this caused, since one of the reception staff hoisted her skirt to climb over the bicycle.[image - see post]Since the room was being cleaned, my bags were dumped within the room and the receptionist left. The cleaner finished and I entered my room. I immediately noticed the two suitacases, pile of clothes and the clear evidence that the room was still occupied. I left my bags in the room (there was only so far I was dragging everything) and went back to reception. Reception apologised for the mix up and issued me with a new card for a new room. I went to the new room and the key card failed to work. Back we went, and yet another card was issued. This card did work. The staff left me with the keycard for the occupied room, and left me to my own devices to move my kit between the two rooms. To clarify they left me knowingly with access to another patron’s room. Out of decency, I returned the card once I had switched rooms.The rooms are not quite as advertised. Remember the rather pleasant, glitzy look of the rooms from the advertisement?[image - see post]Here’s the reality:[image - see post]The double bed is two singles pushed together, the desk looks half built, the television has a large crack in it, there’s mould in the bathroom and those little spots you can see on the curtains? Let me enlarge those for you:[image - see post]That’s chewing gum. And for contrast:[image - see post]That’s bubble gum. Chewing gum on the curtains, bubble gum on the walls. Lovely.At times like this, all you can do is go to sleep.Day 2Woke up, went for breakfast. Noticed that the fire door from my building is propped open with a brick. Remove the brick. This brick kept re-appearing to hold the door open:[image - see post]In the dining area (which stands between my room and the way out), noticed that the toasters were right next to the fire exit. So the one thing likely to catch fire is next to the exit in case of … fire. Excellent health and safety there:[image - see post]After breakfast, I attempt to exit the hotel and trip over a roll of carpet. The carpet is laid over the french door runner on the ground with no trip warnings. There’s also chunks of badly fitting overlapping carpet everywhere. I spent half my time tripping like a Laurel and Hardy sketch.When I got back from my day at the office, I went straight to my room to find my key card failed to open the door. A trundle to reception later, and a reset key card and … it still didn’t work. On attempt three, there was a small crowd of people assembling in the reception area. Six people with the same problem, key cards which no longer worked. The staff were clueless, appeared to have no senior management they could call for advice, and completely failed to offer refreshments or space to wait while the situation was resolved. In attempting to resolve the situation, the reception staff let us know that the cleaning staff take the master cards home with them. Considering there is no external security on the building, this means that the cleaning staff have access on and off duty to all the rooms in the hotel at all times. Thirty minutes later, and several desperate phone calls, they managed to get a phone back from the engineer and our cards started working again. Unimpressed, I went to catch some sleep.Day 3Morning was uneventful. Felt strangely optimistic. This was the evening of Nick Griffin appearing on question time, an event I was looking forward to. I came back from the office, and noticed a smog in the hotel. Smelling smoke, but not seeing any staff running around in a panic, I assumed it was safe to get my card swiped at reception. Card set I wander into the dining room to see five men sat around a circular table smoking cigars. I pop back into reception to ask if this was in fact a non-smoking hotel, to be told by the receptionist that it was but “it was okay, because they were the hotel owners”. At this point, I realised it would be rather futile lodging a complaint against the hotel management. I went into my room to watch Question Time.Towards the end of question time, there was the sound of a large smash outside my block. I went outside to find a pile of broken glass, and a rather bemused partially dressed lady hanging out of the upstairs window. She said she was okay, that she had tried to open the window and it had fallen out and that her husband had contacted the staff. Confident that the situation was under control, I went to bed to catch some much needed kip.Day 4Last day, and I was glad to be out of the hotel. On the way out, the pile of glass that was there from the previous night incident was still there as I wandered out (I only caught some of the glass on camera):[image - see post]I left, went to the office, and was honestly glad to not have to go back to the hotel.I’ve not actually detailed everything here. There were also issues with the wifi (you can’t pick it up in the rooms), a good trick with an ironing board with no cover (I had to improvise – they actually had no cover for the ironing board), and noise from hammers and drilling at 7pm at night. I had hammering in Dolby 5.1 at one point.I will be pointing various people at this blog post. Any reaction I get will be mentioned in an update, probably later in the week. If you are travelling in London, I would avoid this place like the plague.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good value for money	I read beforehand some of the comments posted here but was pleasantly suprised that my room was fine. You do get what you pay for but the location is very good. Would recommend others to stay here.	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice and Cheap great location	For the price, this was a very pleasant hotel in an excellent location. I was very pleased with my stay...	
Sep 10 2009 	Hazardous and risky	From out side the hotel looks great! Interior decoration was poor and deprived. On our second day we noticed that the breakfast area was shuffled around...fire exit was blocked, unreachable fire point (covered by huge toaster) fire extinguisher inexistent ...wow. After uncomfortable breakfast, I went to ask for the Manager; after a long and deep conversation we found out that she knew a lot about the health and safety but had no power in implementing it? As family we felt unsafe and think that the hotel is in breach of the law...a visit from the heath and safety officer will help to prevent a disaster! The staff and management were very professional and helpful but this is not enough to recommend your hotel to friends and family.	
Aug 15 2009 	The experience was absolutely horrible	I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in August and the experience was absolutely horrible!!!We checked in around 10pm and we were allocated with a room in the basement facing the wall. A jail would have been much nicer. On top of that we also found out that the toilet was dirty. The bin had a sanitary towel bag in it and the soap was used as well. The bed looked like was not even made. I went upstairs immediately and spoke with one of the receptionists and complaint about the condition of the room. I asked her if we could change it but she said that the hotel was full and we had to wait until the next day. To don’t mention that there was not hot water either…. The next day, while I was at work, my boyfriend informed me that he was suddenly awaken from the ‘sound’ of a drill just outside the room at 9am!!!! How can you do engineering work just outside of a guest room at 9 o’clock in the morning?!?!? He went outside complaining about that but no one really cared… That was really impressive.. At 12.30 pm we were assigned with another room at the top floor… He then left the hotel and when we came back together, quite late in the evening, we had another surprise.. no hot water.. again!!! So the day after my boyfriend came downstairs to let you know that there was not hot water and your reception staff reassured him that something would have been done during the day so that at our return we could finally have a hot shower. Well… that was not the case.. When I came back at 6pm on the the problem was not fixed. I went downstairs and they first told me that the plumber had fixed the issue and then they told me that the plumber was at the hotel that day but he had a breathing problem and had to go to the hospital.. so he couldn’t adjust it. What is the truth I don’t really know… One person from the staff tried to fix the hot water. He came upstairs, did something and said that the hot water was going to be up and running in 30-45 minutes. He said that at 6.30pm.. At 7.30pm I went upstairs again to check if the hot water was back.. That was not the case.. again.. At this point I was really upset. I asked to have the room changed as the problem could have not been fixed and there was no other choice… I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights… changed 3 rooms.. had to use a dirty toilet.. and stayed for 2 nights without hot water.. The experience at the hotel was overall absolutely disgusting!!!! Please do not go there!!!!	
Aug 14 2009 	A nice hotel	It's a nice hotel. The breakfast is not a lot to eat, it's white bread with jam but you can ask for more jam if you want. The rooms are clean, but not very big. The staff is very friendly and you can put your luggage there if you come in England in the morning. The location is next to a busy road, but in front of the hotel is a nice park and it is 5 minutes to walk to the underground, so that's good and in 10 minutes you are in the centre of London. It's simple but good for a few days!	
Jul 6 2009 	Get what you pay for simple standard good location!	As we had an early flight from Dublin to London, We arrived at the hotel before the 3pm check in time unfortunily our rooms were's not ready, there was no problem leaving our luggage but at our own &quot;risk&quot; .We had two rooms booked a twin and single, the reception did provide us with a triple room as they did not have two rooms beside one another, Our room was located on the 3rd floor, there was no lift so the stairs had to do, but was quite dangerious as the banster were very low! The reception was helpful at times. iron &amp; board are not provided in the rooms had to call to reception to be told come down and get it ourselves. I also wanted to call home but then to be told the phone in the hotel only take call cards and had to walk 5mins up the road to a local pay phone. there was an information stand in the reception area, but didnt have that much tourist info about the city...As i was there on a girly cheap city holiday, we didnt spend that much time in the hotel, the 5 day's we where there, the first morning we decided to get up early to go down to breakfast (wish we had stayed in bed) the breakfast room was small and over crowed breakfast consist of 2 choice of cereal, bread you had to toast yourself! and horriable tea, from that day on we went out for breakfast. we only really wanted clean bed and room to stay, paying only 30 euro a night was a plus! wouldnt pay much more thou, positives our rooms was spacious double and single beds, The bathroom small but clean the shower head did fall down at times so had to hold it very arkward! . Rooms have t.v and hair dryer &amp; mini fridge that ( did'nt work ) our room was serviced everyday with clean towls ect.. which was great! the room had a big balcony over looking clapham common park. its ideal location to the tube station and local shops.	
Jul 1 2009 	AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!!	This hotel was awful. It's without a doubt the worst I have ever stayed in.I have stayed in cheaper and nicer hotels in central London. Total rip off and I wasn't even paying full price!The carpet was dirty and covered in bits, there was mould and other people's pubic hairs in the shower and the room was so small, I felt like I was in a prison cell! I was woken by other guests being incredibly noisey at 1am and as ALL the doors in the hotel appear to creak horribly, even if they had been trying to be quiet, they would have made a racket.Breakfast was a shocker! Just cornflakes, Rice Krispies or toast. It's also set on a very busy road so you get traffic noise all night long.My advice? Don't stay here! Ever!!!!	
Jun 23 2009 	Foul Disgusting Hell Hole	After a 10 hour flight from Las Vegas I was ready to sleep anywhere. We needed to stay in London for one night for a family party before heading back to the Midlands. All we wanted was somewehre to sleep for one night. This place can only be descibed as a hostel/shelter for homeless peolpe. The guy at reception could not even find our room and led us to a half built section of the hotel, it smelt damp and had newspaper over the windows. When he finally found our room, the curtain rail was haging off, the room smelt of mildew, there were stains all over the sheets and tea stains in the bathroom. I turned to the guy who had shown us to our room and he had already vanished back to reception. I went back to reception and had a 45 min arguement with 3 different clueless Managers who said I could not have a refund as the room had been &quot;used&quot; and could not be given to anyone else. We had been in the room for 2 mins at the most so quite how it was &quot;used&quot; i don't know. I got a refund in the end but only after nearly busting a bolld vessel in frustration. The worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to enter, avoid at all costs!!	
Apr 15 2009 	good Looking the park	It was a nice stay , though we did have too much information about london from reception as this was our first trip . It was very helpful and guided with all means of transportation and city centers trours at eaiest and how to get in cheap and easy way.Staff was friendly	
Dec 31 2008 	Never again	On 30th December we travelled to London to see family. Please do not stay at the Euro Hotel, Clapham, London. The only good thing about it is that it overlooks the common and its near the tube. It is nothing more than the pits!! The rooms are not as advertised on the web site, they are old, dirty, smelly. The bed covers had cigarette burns in them, the bathroom was far from adequate. We were kept awake all night by people moving about and stomping about above us. The breakfast was served as if you were staying in a hostel. It may appear cheap but it not a place I would ever return to.	
Dec 22 2008 	Absolute disgrace of a hotel	Dirty, basic, seedy, not going to bother writing much more but this is the worst hotel i've ever stayed in....Ok its £35 per night for a single room B&amp;B but still one would expect more for your money. Don't stay here! the bathroom was an absolute joke as well...has to be seen to be believed. Whole place just awful, awful, awful....	
Sep 16 2008 	flea bites	when we checked in after a long journey the man at he desk was extremley rude and miserable' he showed us to our room which overlooked a yard full of junk and dirty matresses.The room was dirty and dusty the bedspread had stains on and the bottom sheet had hairs on .The shower had black mould aand did not work properly . Breakfast was disgustin the girl who did breakfast wore a tracksuit she looked miserable had her fingers in her mouth then she gave bread out .to cap it all i got bitten whilst laid on the bed. Never again .	
Aug 18 2008 	absolutely disgusting	stayed here for one night for a night out in london the room had damp patches all over the floor and stunk of damp and we coudlnt even open the window to let the stench out. the bathroom had tiling falling off the walls. the carpet was really manky and old and it looked like an old peoples home in the hotel. both the bedroom and bathroom door wouldnt close properly. when speakin to the receptionist he couldnt even understand what i was saying. i am going to complain. the room was only 40 pounds but it was unbearable	
Aug 4 2008	wot a bunch of cowboys avoid it like hell	my sister booked the hotel with her card and i paid er the cash. we were charged 130 quid for two nites in a double.when we arrived at the hotel we had expected it to be paid for as my sis gave them er card details earlier in the year.we were told that it hadnt come off the card and we had to pay upon arrival(y they didnt tell us this in the first place i dunt no. my sis stayed in the lodge and me and my partner stayed in the main hotel.The staff were very unfriendly they didnt seem to want to help us and spend most of there time looking down theyre nose at us. we then were given the key to our room if thats wot u can call it. it happened to be at the top of four flights of stairs on which theyre was no lift and i had to carry a 20kg suitcase and no lights on a nite except for the emergency lighting. this ment it was hard to find our footing and put the key in the lock.the room was super small the bathroom consisted of a trough which was supposed to be a shower and it was that small 1 person could only fit in the bathroom. the hot water took 10mins to get hot mayb even longer.the staff never cleaned the room once and we had to get toilet paper from the toilet on the stairs. wen i went downstairs to ask for coffee and milk as they didnt replenish it in the room it took them 30 mins to find it and wen they did they put it in two cups.the breakfast was just cereal and toast and the coffee at breakfast was minging.at my sisters 1 the lodge eurostar they had the heating on full n the windows didnt open also all the cups were dirtywe wud neva go bak and they were lucky i didnt punch em striaght in the mouth the way they acted towards us.also the eurostar hotel also used to be called the dudley hotel am not sure but they may have changed the name due to all the crap publicity avoid this hotel a travel lodge in the city is the same price n much nicer	
Aug 1 2008	Stay clear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Stay away, stay away, stay away!!!!!!I got a single room and it was disgusting. I might as well of slept outside on a park bench or in nearby Tesco's car park. The duvet was dirty and had holes in it. The bathroom (I am not sure I would call it a bathroom, and the washbasin (what washbasin?!) were pretty vile. The woodwork was rotten and in desperate need of replacing. The TV did not work as the aerial was broken. Am I asking for the stars? I don't think so! Wait for it ... I got woken up at 4.30am with loud banging noises coming from the ceiling. I decided to go out to the 24 hour reception area to see if someone was there who could let me know what the hell was going on. Luckily someone was there and I was informed that the building was having some structural problems. Great, not my problem. He offered to put me in another room. At this stage I was not going to move to another room. Meantime, I have requested my money back. This hotel is a friggin joke!!!!!	
Jul 27 2008 	If you like small then this is for you	Didn't think much of the person on reception he was more interested in looking at the internet than serving me. The room was the size of a cupboard and the bed was less than a single with squeeky springs. The room faced the road so was lite up by the hotel lights and you could hear everything from the street. Took over 5 minutes before any hot water came through on the shower. Would stay here again	
Jun 28 2008	OK IN A PINCH	We got to the hotel before check in was allowed so we left our bags. When we arrived back later in the day and went to our room we were disappointed. The shower was in disrepair and could have used a new plaster job. There was (in my opinion) termite damage that was rather unsightly. The room was clean but the TV didn't work well. There was an exposed wire being used as the antenna. As I said in my opening, the hotel is OK in a pinch.	
Jun 26 2008 	The Worst...Ever!!!	Right...let's start.I and my girlfriend decided to stay 4 days in London last weekend (20-23.06.08). We found this hotel in internet, E Dreams, and of course it marvellous in the pictures. Nice building, nice rooms, pretty clean and modern. We thought that the low prices for the rooms were actually related to the position of the hotel, which is pretty far from the centre, and we decided to book a double room...WORST DECISION OF OUR LIVES!!!When we arrived it was very late at night and we were really tired to go for any change. First we realized that the pictures of the building were maybe taken 50 years ago, because the construction is really old and not cared...First negative point.We got in and the receptionist, a cold and unfriendly person, gave us the key.We got in the room and...we REALLY REALIZED THE HUUUUUGE MISTAKE WE'VE DONE!!!The room wasn't so small, but if i say that it was filthy i am making an enormous compliment to it. All the furnitures were partially broken down and everything was full of old dust that was there since ages. The window was broken...we had luck to go there in june when it was not so cold and we didn't have to use the bed sheets...which were full of hairs of previous lucky guests. The bathroom was small...really small, and the shower box was full of mold.We slept very bad in there. The next moorning we had the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; in a room full of old cereals in the floor. Two pieces of NOT roasted bread, a bit of jam (no choice...only strawberry jam if you like it...) and a coffee served in a dirty cup (I am not joking...even the cup was dirty).At the end of the breakfast...at which we didn't eat anything, we decided to run away in order not to transform our vacation in a nightmare. Of course we didn't get the money back (everything was payed at the beginning) for the rest of the days that we were NOT going to spend at that place and we had to go to a tourist information point where we found a confortable small hotel near Victoria station that costed us just a bit more, but that was much much MUCH better.My suggestion? If we hadn't left that hotel our vacation would have been awful, so...just do NOT think only about the money when you book a hotel through internet. Sometimes 20€ more per night make a BIG difference in terms of having a good time in the place you stay!	
Jun 9 2008 	Cheap but horrible	We arrived very late in the night, and I found it a bit weird that we had to pay up front, but I didn't give it any second thought at the time. The room we got was tiny and it was facing a very busy street. The lights they have pointed at the hotel to light it up didn't help. The beds were bad, so bad in fact that my brother and his girlfriend who also stayed at the hotel had to swap hotels after two nights. They only had one working light bulb in their room, and when complaining were told they could be given one so they could swap themselves... Their window wasn't isolated properly either. When they informed the hotel they were leaving, they were told that they hadn't complained enough - they complained three times or so, about three different matters.At first, I didn't give the problems too much thought. The bed was bad, but I didn't have any problems sleeping. Sure - the room was tiny, but it was a cheap room. However - we soon realised a few things:1. They didn't change the bed coverings once during our entire stay.2. We never got new towels. One time I actually put them on the floor in front of the door to make my point, it only resulted in towel number three (the smallest and by this time dirtiest) disappeared - and it wasn't replaced.3. We had to go to the reception to get more toilet paper, and the member of the staff who helped, fetched it from a nearby toilet.4. One time we got back, the toilet paper had some poo smeared on it...5. The breakfast was only two pieces of toast, and for the most part they only had one type of jam to go along - do I even need to say we didn't bother having breakfast there too often?6. We could see the staff arguing between themselves on a few occasions.Service was bad, complaints weren't paid attention to and the hygiene was lacking from the hotels side.The only positive things I can say is that it was located close to a tube station within zone 2 and it was very cheap.	
Jun 7 2008 	Don't understand the complaints	I stayed here when i had a very early start at work and could not commute I am only young and worried slightly when I read the reviews of the place. But come on people for the price you pay for the hotel what do you expect! This was perfect for me and anyone just wishing for somewhere to sleep! I found the bed perfectly comfortable and it was not noisy even though I was in a room right by the road! As for the area this is an ok area of London and I flet safe when I went out in the evening and was not worried about theft as someone else has mentioned. I would not go here if i was on a holiday or a break but for somewhere just to stay for a short period of time this is great value for money for the location.	
May 14 2008 	Filthy. Never again.	I have stayed at the Euro Hotel Groups hotels on many occasions in London and been satisfied. I thought I would try this due to its location. How wrong I was. Had a single room which was no bigger than a cupboard. That is OK however, I can do small but I can not do filth. Cleaning materiels don't cost the earth. The bed linen was clean as was the sink, the toilet and the shower - sort of. The rest was disgusting. Under the bed were nail clippings. I really am no snob and realise this is cheap. I don't ask for superb fittings, things can be hanging of the walls for all I care but dirt I don't do. Never again! No parking either except a back yard.	
Mar 28 2008 	Get what you pay for ... what do you expect for these prices???	After reading the review on here i was terrified of stepping foot in what sounds like a hell hole in London! but now i do not have a clue what all the fuss was about! Me and two of my friends stayed in a triple room in this hotel for a Friday and Saturday night in March 2008. The staff were friendly, the room was nice, the bedding and towels etc were all perfectly clean, our TV did plug in, our wardrobe opened, they didnt mind us checking out a little late, and there were no bed bugs! Yes the bathroom was small and not exactly first class, there was building work going on next door (but never noisy), the breakfast is simple but edible, the room didnt have much natural light and it was a bit of a squeeze getting into the room past the dresser .... but really ... what do you expect from the prices your paying to stay here?? The location is also brilliant ... right on the common, 5 mins walk from the subway, lots of pubs/clubs/restaurants and local shops on your door step and as three girls we felt completely safe (and didnt see any beware of thief signs?). We loved it and will be going back again in April if we can get a vacancy. Saying that we were there for a weekend of partying and no i wouldnt recommend it for a romantic get away ... but really if your looking for a romantic get away you should be looking to pay a little bit more for your room! no??All in all (unless we were in the only decent room in the hotel?) definately worth the money and i recommend to any young people who are on a budget!	
Jan 3 2008 	What a joke	Should have read the reviews here before staying. What a big mistake.Myself and my girlfriend booked a room over the phone, we found the hotel quite easily and check in was quite fast. Thats about as positive as this review gets.We were told before we went upstairs that we would have to give in our key before leaving, when i asked why this is, i was informed that guests once left, got copies cut and gave them away or sold them to locals. . . . That sure put my mind at rest.The stairs were very steep and narrow, the hallway to get to our room was just as narrow, as for the room itself : bed was uncomfortable, you could feel all the springs, the duvet was hidden away in the press, the curtains would not close, if you attempted to close them, they fell off, the tv was tiny, the aerial could only pick up two channels, even so it was very bad reception, no remote either, the room was very cramped, you couldn't move around in the room without tripping over the bed, the room was tidied in the mornings but over a 3 night stay but was not cleaned once, which means we had to use the same sheets on the bed, the same towels, and the tea/coffee supply was not refreshed. The bathroom, the room was about the size as two toilet cubicles, the room was very damp, when showering you were forced to choose between very cold or very hot water, ther was no inbetween temperature. Horrible horrible experience. We were forced to pay the full amount on check in and when we asked the front desk if they knew any good places for food they directed us to the phone book. How helpful. I'm not very willing to agree that the location was very safe either as while we were there, there was a lot of signs in the area warning people that there had been a lot of theft in the area recently and it asked people who had seen anything to contact a certain number.Avoid this place like the plague !!!!!!!!!	
Nov 10 2007 	Very pleasant stay!	We had the pleasure of staying the Euro Clapham (80-81 Clapham Common South Side, Clapham, London, SW4 GDL) last October 2007. We booked over the internet looking for budget accommodation and we must say that despite the negative reviews, we found this hotel very nice. It was quiet, (some of the rooms in front of the main busy road may get a little noisy though), well-located next to the Clapham South tube station (5 minutes walk), so about 20 minutes from Trafalgar Square on the northern line. Reception is open 24h/24 and the keys stay at the hotel.The Clapham Common South area is nice, including the large park right across from the hotel, restaurants and bars close by, as well as both a Tesco and a Sainsbury supermarkets nearby. The double room we got was actually quite large, simple but nice furniture, comfortable bed, television, cute balcony and a small, but clean bathroom.Most of the staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was simple: toasts, butter/jam, coffee/tea, milk and cornflakes.A friend who was travelling with us got double bedroom, witch was very much like ours. Another friend stayed at the Euro Lodge Clapham (just 2 minutes walk from this hotel) in a single quite small and simple room, but clean, fairly quiet and with a larger bathroom. There was indeed some old furniture and an old mattress past the reception on the way to her room, as there were some works and refits being done.In a nutshell we can say that we really enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Euro Clapham; it’s nice, clean, close to the city and yet affordable and good value for the money. We would definitely come back again! :)	
Nov 6 2007 	Matchbox room -DO NOT COME HERE (rating of ZERO)	When we opened the door to this &quot;single&quot; room, we were in for the surprise of our lives. IF YOU'RE CLAUSTROPHOBIC, do not read further. It was no bigger than my walk-in closet at home. This is a cold fact, not an exaggeration. I would say the dimensions were 3 meters long by 2.3 meters large: *matchbox*walk-in closet*reminded us of camping -a TENT is bigger than the room*cheap one-night stand type of place?A nightstand was blocking whatever little space there was between the wall and the bed, forcing you to be flexible like Spiderman to reach the bathroom door. An overweight person would remain stuck in that room for a loooong time.We could see the carpet in all its splendor -it hadn't seen a VACUUM CLEANER in a century. The dust there was older than Big Ben, making us think we were at a construction site. The &quot;twin&quot; bed must have been made for a very tiny twin. A normal person would have a hard time appreciating that bed -it wasn't horrible but compared to what we have at MODEST hotels in the States, this was no twin bed. The bathroom was pretty decent, compared to the room. It consisted of a walk-in shower, a sink and a toillet. There was mold in some corners and some electrical thing ripped from the ceiling (barely hanging there) but otherwise ok. We were able to take showers (very hot water ALL the time). Again, you need to be a tiny person to feel comfortable -anyone overweight would barely fit in that little bathroom.EURO HOTEL consists of 2 twin buildings. If you look close, you'll see they're OLD. My overall feeling is that we were dealing with a very old building, with very tiny hallways and rooms that seemed to target childern, not adults. The &quot;hallway&quot; to our room was 1/2 meters lond by 1/4 meters wide!!!!!!!!! With the luggage, we couldn't fit. It's a joke. But the good thing, no bad smell whatsoever. Really no smell. And this is the reason why we decided to camp in this hotel -yes, camping describes it very well, since a tent is bigger than the room. We were there to party anyway, so we didn't spend much time in the room (just couple hours/night) otherwise I can't imagine what we would have done. I can't imagine families with kids or people on a romantic gateway coming to this motel (cheap one-night-stand type of place?:) The location is very decent -5 min from the Clapham South Tube station (with the tube it takes ~7 min to get to London Bridge -downtown London). There's a supermarket (Tesco) with decent prices close by too (3 minutes walk). There are a couple of cafe-bars too and a big, green park where people play soccer on Sundays. Pretty safe, even at 1 am 0r 6 am we felt ok to walk down the street.But had we not been in a party mood, our vacation would have been ruined by this motel. Stay away.	
Oct 21 2007 	Pretty Nice	Despite the negative reviews, I found this hotel nice. It was fairly quiet, well-located next to the Clapham South tube station, and a good value for the money. The cornflakes for breakfast were good, and I liked the toast. It wasn't luxurious, but comfortable and pretty clean. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Sep 25 2007 	Beware the Euro 'hotel'!!	I had the great misfortune to stay in the Euro 'hotel' recently. Yes, good price and location, however, you might be more comfortable on a park bench on Clapham common!On arrival i was told that the hotel owned several nearby houses which were used as guest accomodation. I was told to go out the back door and was given directions to the house - my room was on the ground floor. On following these instructions, i came accross a very delapidated house with a front door swung open with no lock. There was an overgrown garden with kebab wrappers and litter on the path to the front door. Just inside the door, piles of various previous residents mail and free newspapers etc lay uncollected over the floor.There was then a second door with no lock leading to a corridor of rooms. Each room door had a number scrawled on it with a marker pen. On entering my room, there was rank and musty smell. I guess the previous guest had been frightened to open the window to let fresh air in, due to its ground floor location, as well as the odour old and foosty furninishings. The carpet was akin to a that of a pub with various stains and marks. There wasn't even a proper bed - rather a sofa bed. Yes, there was an ensuite, colour tv, kettle with tea, coffee and milk, what seemed to be clean sheets and towels (although i wasn't totally convined of that).I had an uneasy nights sleep, not least that the door and window locks where easily broken. Needless to say, i didn't hang around to sample the breakfast!Judging by the clientelle encountered on returning my key, it would appear that the Euro is used to house asylum seekers as bed and breadfast accomodation - i truly feel sorry for them.A grim encounter, indeed!! :-(	
Sep 13 2007 	Generally would not recommend	I stayed here for 6 nights beginning September 6th 2007.Pros: *In a fairly decent area of London, close to the Clapham South tube station*Across the street from a park*Near Tesco and Sainsbury Local (which I would reccomend over Tesco -- better hours and faster, nicer service)*They cleaned a room for me and allowed me to check in before 2pmCons: *They gave me a hard time about not having a voucher.*When I first walked in I was told a room would not be ready till 2pm -- it was 1130am and I was jet lagged and needed to rest. I told him I would wait, and I think they just wanted to get me out of the lobby.*They keep all of the room keys at the front desk in cubby holes that ANYONE has access to. The front desk is NOT always attended. The room numbers are clearly marked on the keys. They INSISTED that you leave your key when you left the building -- no matter what. I am suprised that NO ONE mentioned this as it is a major security problem. My luggage was kept locked and cable locked to the heater (an attached fixture)*Room was tiny*Bathroom floor tiles were disgusting*Bathroom had mold all over the place. The solution was simple -- a little bleach would have taken care of all of it, it was all over the shower and even on the walls. I brought Lysol with me and Clorox wipes after I read the reviews here*I was given ONE towel*There were times when that one towel was wet*I was not given toilet paper once*I had to ask them to change my sheets	
Aug 22 2007 	Never stay here	This is probably the worst hotel (if you can indeed call it a hotel) I have ever had the misfortune to stay at.We arrived a little later than we expected (at 9pm) when we were advised that our room was not yet ready. Bearing in mind check-in should have been noon I thought this seemed a little odd. After a few moments haggling to try and get in the room we were shown to what can only be described as a broom cupboard with two single beds in it (not good when we asked for a room with 3 beds in it). We refused to stay in the room and asked what else they had available.We were then showed to another room, which was not even part of the main hotel building, but which we had no choice but to accept. The double bed was in fact a sofa bed and there was a third single bed. There was a terrible smell of damp in the building, no shower curtain on the shower, no lights, no duvets on the &quot;beds&quot;, electrical hazards everywhere and even pest traps dotted around the room. There was also no hairdryer or trouser press (as promised in the description on the internet).That evening, whilst trying to drink to forget, we coincidentally met a group of people who had also made a reservation with this hotel. They told us that after seeing what was on offer, they immediately went off to find somewhere else to stay (yes, it REALLY was that bad).The next morning, after a very poor nights sleep (we were too scared to go to sleep, despite the copious amounts of alcohol we had drunk!) we got up and went to reception to complain. I was advised to write down my complaint and was told that I wouldn't have to pay for the room. On checking my credit card statements the following week, I noticed they had taken the money from my credit card anyway. After several conversations with the hotel, they agreed to refund some of the money. I still feel as though I have been robbed!So please, anyone who is considering staying in this hotel, dont! Its a terrible, terrible place and how they get away with calling themselves a hotel under the trades descriptions act is beyond me. Find somewhere else to stay!Please note this is the polite, edited version!! :o)	
Jun 15 2007 	Stay Away !!!!!!!!!!	Hell hath no fury like a woman who's stayed at this hotel. The room was absolutely disgusting. It was dirty and tatty. The bed springs poked through the mattress. The carpets were filthy. The white bathroom was mouldy, full of hair (not ours!) and generally dirty. There were squashed earwigs on the wall and also the contents of someones nasal passages. The wardrobe was 2 coat hangers hanging from an inoperative stand up lamp. The ceiling light rattled everytime someone walked on the floor above, which was rather often. Oh and did I tell you we shared the bedroom and bathroom with woodlice?! I've never felt so dirty leaving a bathroom. We headed to reception to air our concerns but unfortunately the lady suddenly seemed to lose her grasp of the English language. We didn't stay long.	
May 23 2007 	Ants Smells 	Stayed for 2 nights and for a cheap price you get exactly that…a cheap hotel! Hotel staff were clueless yet polite enough, giving out the wrong keys a few times, giving us somebody else’s room, giving us perhaps the worst breakfast I had ever had at a hotel (toast – only toasted on one side, nasty OJ and half a small cup of tea). There was a wait at breakfast as there wasn’t enough cutlery and plates, so the only girl serving had to keep looking out for people who had finished eating and then go and get there dirty stuff and give it a wash before giving you your breakfast! We only had it one day, we didn’t bother the second! We didn’t have the cereal that was offered (cornflakes) but perhaps that’s as well, as the American lady sat at the table next to us to find out her daughters milk was also off!Whilst our room wasn’t the cleanest, most well kept/maintained and most fragrant free…it was a palace compared to our friends single room (we had booked one room for all 3 – but I think they had given it away). He had ants in his room (one crawled on him at night), it stunk of old people and sewage (sorry, not very PC), was smaller than my bathroom and was in need of a good clean and maintenance. I don’t know how he slept there, seriously! We offered him our floor, but then again, thinking about our carpet, I’m not sure what the safer option was!On a brighter note, it was cheap, It was close to the tube (though use the South station, it’s closer than the one advertised), has a Tesco and nice café’s nearby, it was quiet (apart from guests complaining about smells and no water in rooms) and faces a lovely pond and park! They also opened the bar to get us beers after a great last night at a concert, at which point almost all was forgiven!	
May 8 2007 	Horrible Experience	We needed somewhere to stay for about 3 weeks while we waited to move into a new home. Location was perfect for us and the price was right! We ended up leaving after three days. The windows didn't shut so we were kept awake with traffic noise all night. The hotel is on a very busy road. The curtains didn't cover the windows either so we had street lights shining in our window. The bed was narrow, uncomfortable and clammy. Bleh! The bathroom was unclean. The whole room was clearly very old and run down; in desperate need of a refurb. Staying there for us while trying to work and live our daily lives was uncomfortable and depressing. We've both travelled on a shoestring many times and have never encountered anything so substandard. Don't ruin your holiday to save a few pounds - stay somewhere else!	
Apr 14 2007 	Good Value Hotel	I was very sceptical about staying at this hotel based on the unbelievably inexpensive rate at which I managed to book the room (42 pounds per night). The negative reviews I read in advance also gave me cause for concern.I have to say, however, that overall my experience with the hotel was a pleasant surprise. As I arrived in London early in the morning, I was hoping to get into our room early to take a power nap, and get ready to meet my partner who was arriving later that day. I arrived at the hotel at about 10:00 a.m., and the the front desk receptionist was helpful and able to arrange for a double room to be serviced and made available to me within the hour. While the room was dull and small, it was clean apart from a couple of small oil stains on the carpet and everything worked fine for the five nights we stayed there. And even though I had to take a basement room as that was the only one available at the time of my early arrival, it had a nice big window that opened to allow in enough daylight and fresh air. The room also had a nice-sized fridge with a freezer which I was not expecting and which came in handy during the 5-night stay.After having tried the breakfast which consisted of white toast and weak coffee, we opted not to have breakfast at the hotel again, but for 42 pounds per night we were not expecting much anyway as far as the breakfast was concerned. The location itself was excellent with easy access to the London Underground and various bus routes. The Clapham Common South area is nice, including the large park right across from the hotel, restaurants and bars close by, as well as both a Tesco and a Sainsbury grocery store nearby. The street was noisy at night with both drunken bar patrons shouting at sporadic times throughout the night, as well as the London police and ambulance sirens that go on at all hours of the night. It didn't really bother us too much though, and we opted to leave the window open all night for fresh air anyway. In conclusion, for 42 pounds per night for a double room, I found the hotel excellent value and would stay there again next time in London, if on a low-budget trip. This is why I have given the hotel an above-average rating.	
Mar 25 2007 	TICS / BED BUGS crawling on our faces!	This would be the most TERRIBLE experience I have ever had in my life...and I am a worldly traveller having stayed in the most budget of budget hostels! This review on BELVEDERE HOTEL (EURO HOTEL CLAPHAM) is long but that is how bad it was - definitely worth the read...especially on the TICS / BED BUGS!!I'm a local in Clapham however I needed a room for 3nights as my partner was flying in from Italy and unfortunately I only rent a small single room. Hence I explained this with the hotel staff saying I was looking for a local hotel to do a regular monthly booking - this obviously didn't seem to have any impact on them!Firstly when we arrived we had to pay for all 3nights upfront which I did feel a bit uncomfortable with however I assumed it would be ok. Big mistake!The room was very basic - however we expected that. But never did we expect to compromise our health!The bathroom was incredibly small and I’m amazed they fit a toilet in that space. The door needed to be left open. We decided to have showers but quickly discovered that there was no hot water. So eventually the staff advised that there were no other rooms available and that we would need to use the shower in a different single room on our floor whilst we stayed there!Then once coming home from dinner at 1.00am I was in bed and whilst my partner was preparing to get into bed he noticed something crawling on the pillow. We lifted up the pillow and a plague of TICS / BED BUGS came rushing out. It was the most disgusting sight I had ever seen and I was almost physically sick - not to mention that we were scratching ourselves and checking each others head for TICS that may have got in there!We asked hotel staff to come to the room immediately and in the interim I took photos. The man apologised and said I would be able to get a refund for that night. I informed him that we would not be staying in THAT room and unfortunately at 1.30am in the morning there aren't too many options as to where you can go - and also I already knew that hotels in that area were completely booked out for the weekend. Mysteriously a room became available at 2am in the morning (remembering that earlier when our shower wasn't working they said there were completely booked out!). So we had to pack up all our suitcases and get dressed and move to another floor at 2am in the morning!Needless to say after changing rooms we did not sleep at all as the sensation of the TICS/BED BUGS crawling on our faces was too vivid!Then in the morning we heard loud sounds of water dripping in our bathroom. I investigated the sound and was shocked to find the bathroom floor full of puddles as there was water leaking from the room above and coming through our ceiling!In the morning when I went downstairs to discuss this horrible experience and to organise the refund that I had been promised the night before - I was informed by the new day staff that due to the fact that another room was provided to us they had decided to not provide us with our promised refund for the first night stay!I asked to speak to the manager however he told me that the manager did not have time to speak to me!Unfortunately we had no where else to go and as stated I had already paid in full for the 3nights. So I really had no options and they played on that. I cannot believe that in 2007 a consumer does not have any rights and that this inefficiently run establishment believed they could set their own rules in London and they did! They did not care that I stated I would take this further and that I had taken photos of the TICs / BED BUGS as well as have witnesses. Actually he laughed at me and invited me to take it further - he was incredibly disrespectful.After the 3rd day of requesting to speak to the manager - and receiving the same response that the manager was too busy to speak to me - he informed me that he could provide me with a pathetic 25pound refund and that would be it!Needless to say we stayed outside of the hotel for the remaining time and only went there to sleep for a minimal 6hrs and we ensured that we laid down towels on the bed first to sleep on.The worst experience of my life - but more so from a point of view of being robbed of your consumer rights and realising that you had no power to do anything because THEY had set their own rules - and you were insignificant because they had already received your money!I have never been one to read reviews as I never really understood their purpose - but now I do! Also for the fact of paying an extra 10pounds a night in another hotel it really is worth it! Please do consider this review strongly as it is not worth taking the risk - as I’m assuming the room with TICs/BED BUGS was rented out the next night - as I cant imagine a new mattress/pillows being bought!!	
Jan 14 2007 	I suppose you get what you pay for.....	Booked this hotel through laterooms, purely for price and location. Being just a 2 minute walk from Clapham South tube station and under £50 for a twin/double room with continental breakfast, it sounded perfect.However, the rooms are very small, and the decor is poorly maintained. On arriving I had to step over piles of towels/bedlinen to get to the stairs, which are very steep and narrow (I would not recommend this hotel to anyone with reduced mobility or a young family as there are no elevators).The room itself was a twin, but the beds were so close together that you could not walk between them. The bathroom was so unbelievably tiny that i actually had to leave the door open when using the toilet to avoid becoming claustrophobic. It was literally a cupboard!There was a trouser press in the room, but no socket near enough to plug it in to (bizarre), and a kettle (again nowhere to plug it in). Only one cup was provided in a twin room booked for 2 adults, although the staff did offer to make us a cup of tea/coffee should we want one.The continental breakfast consisted of Cornflakes (not Kelloggs, and no other choice of cereal), 2 slices of white toast and a small orange juice and coffee. Needless to say, we didn't bother with breakfast the second day. On requesting an extension to enable us to use the trouser press and kettle, we were informed that the hotel did not possess one. The final straw was when a member of staff came banging on the door of our room 15 minutes before we were due to check out!!The only positives of our stay were that rooms were serviced daily, and extra pillows did appear on our beds when we requested them. Oh, and there's a fantastic chinese takeout just over the road by the tube station ;-)	
Jan 2 2007 	A cheap option... but don't expect luxury!	The hotel is located in Clapham, South London, about 20 minutes from Trafalgar Square by underground on the northern line. The neighborhood is ok, some nice pubs and a great Pakistani restaurant.The rooms are... well...barely good. BAthroom was ok (nothing special of course), bed was ok... that's it. Everything else - from windows' finitures to ceiling - is very tired and in deep need of a total reshape but - said this - the place is a good option for budget and young travellers. We got a deal on www.booking.com, only 40 GBP per room per night at New Year's Eve time!Staff was very friendly and helpful.Do not expect anything from breakfast. It's a small continental one, served only 'til 9:00 am during weekdays. But - again - I wouldn't discourage young people who don't need any special comfort from chosing this hotel.	
Dec 23 2006 	Hell	Absolutely disgusting. First of all, the bathroom was NOT cleaned after the previous guest. There was old, used soap on the shower floor. There was a build up of scum, mildew and mold on the tiles. Horrible customer service: On two separate occasions we never received a wake up call, which we had requested. We also requested that no one enter our room (since we knew it wouldn't be cleaned anyway), but there was evidence of their presence. After witnessing such filthy conditions we were afraid to eat breakfast. If you have an ounce of self-respect and dignity DO NOT, under any circumstances, stay in this hotel.	
Sep 17 2006 	Utter hole - avoid if possible	Oh where to begin?A non-smoking room that stank of cigarette smoke. The kettle that did not work. The TV that had a loop ariel, no remote, and only 2 channels. The door to the adjoining room where the lockhole was &quot;filled&quot; with toilet roll. The broken shower head. The shower seal that allowed water to run through into the rest of the bathroom. The hair dryer that was falling off the wall (not electrically safe). The bed where you could feel every individual spring. The paper thin walls that allow you to hear *EVERYTHING* in the hotel (lovely to hear people yelling at 3am). The beautiful &quot;cracked wall&quot; design. The literally ice-cold coke machine (nothing quite like a can of coke with lumps of ice in it). The &quot;interesting&quot; wiring to some of the electrical sockets. And forget anybody ever coming to clean/tidy/freshen the room.Continental breakfast is included in the price. I'm not sure which continent serves either burnt toast or raw bread, luke warm water in a cup with a bag floating in the top, and nice *warm* sour orange juice. Yummy.Overall, a complete and utter hole. The word &quot;hovel&quot; is probably more accurate.I would advise that people actually sleep on the common instead - you would get a better nights sleep and you would save money.Seriously - *avoid* this place. Or if you really feel you must stay, ask to see your proposed room before you part with any money.	
Sep 4 2006	Very poor	I booked in my mum to this hotel because it was close to my house near Clapham Sth. When we arrived to check in they couldn't find the booking - luckily there were other rooms available. The rooms are quite poor, service is average, light bulbs not working etc. I would avoid in place of an alternative.	
May 23 2006	maybe we just got lucky	looking at the reviews before i left, i thought we were gonna be staying in a real tip. but upon checking in, the reception guy apologized and told us we werent gettin the triple en- suite after all. which was fine with us. so my husband and i got a double and our friend had a twin room. i have to say, that the room did smell terribly of cigarette smoke. but fine, we got over it. the only problem i have to say is that we were able to get a room with a balcony that faced the large park in front of the hotel. but it was locked. upon asking the front desk about opening it, he only pointed at a pile of, literally, 300 keys and said, well, if i can find it. hmmmmm. thankfully we were having typically crappy, wet, english weather, so we didnt mind too much about opening a window. we just wanted to experience sitting on the balcony. even if it was 2 mins.the double room is actually great size, small bathroom, though. but didnt bother us.the twin is quite small. they could probably do away with the other bed and keep it as a single twin for business or single travellers.the location was great tho. so close to the tube and its worth the money if youre not planning to stay in the room much. we were out and about right after checking in, went to a concert and bed in the early hours. i thought the bed was super comfortable.	
Mar 11 2006	Nightmare	Not worth the name 'hotel'. There are even rooms where beggars would refuse to stay. You don't expect any luxury in a budget hotel but here you get nothing for the money you pay. And that breakfast: cornflakes, fruitjuice, 2 toasted slices, butter and a mini jam, a coffee or a tea, that's it! Don't choose this place! Outside there's even hanging a banner: £ 65 for a double room! Going there is throwing away your money!	
Mar 5 2006 	What a joke	On arrival you are greeted by glum faces. In the lobby area there was a short man who appeared to be the owner abusing his staff. It was like a bad version of Fawlty Towers, the rooms are cold and damp, the decor in poor condition and the staff seemed to be clueless as to what rooms contained what. Breakfast was called 'Continental' but this meant a handful of cornflakes, 1 piece of cold toast and weak tea. Of a night time the lobby area had a distinct aroma of body odour and the girl on reception was rude. All in all regardless of this being called a budget hotel this was possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. In fact there are several cheaper hotels in the area and at least in them you get what you pay for and there are no delusions of grandure.	
Feb 10 2006	Value for money	i can say in one word &quot; value for money &quot; . the hotel is so close to the city and yet afordable. i really enjoyed my 3 day stay. the room was fantastic in size, and i had my own cooking facilities, which saved me lots, everyday the room was cleaned and everything was in perfect working order, the staff were excelent, alwayz willing to help. as the reception is open 24 hrs, i didn't worry comming in late after a few drinks. there is a supermarket just a minute walk from the hotel as well as a tube station. the park in the front of the hotel gives a relaxing feeling all time. i think they need to improve on their breakfast menu as i would have prefered an english breakfast as comming to england ;-). they said they will introduce it very soon as lots of refurbishing and changes is going on. overall i would say that my costs has met the desired output and i am willing to return next year	
Jan 30 2006	Never Book a Room from Here	Absolutely the worst place I`ve ever have been.When I arrived a man wanted me to pay also if I had already paid before. When I saw my room I was shocked: I couldn`t believe to have paid not for a room but for a grave. The bed was the only thing inside, no wardrobe, no table, chairs. When I asked for another room witht the kitchen I had paid for, the Indian man at the reception gave me a key for another room (after having asked:really? is there no kitchen in your room?). There was the kitchen but the radiator didn`t work so they gave me an electric one that was working, but too noisy to let me sleep. In this new room I had also a beautiful terrace... what a pity I couldn`t even make a step inside for the --- of the pigeons. So if you wouldn`t consider the cold in the night this place could be considered the Hell...make your choice now	
Dec 9 2005	Avoid this disgusting place	This is without a doubt the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at. When we checked in, the toilet contained excrement that had not been flushed - yuck!! The room was filthy and extremely noisy. We will never stay here again.	
Nov 3 2005	Not up to the mark	Despite the great location and unbeatable price of the offer we found for a double (35 euro per person per night), this hotel wasn't up to the mark. The Euro Hotel Clapham has two buildings in the same street, separated by 30 mts. The first building is a refurbished (was it really?) hotel, formerly named Hotel Belvedere. The second building, which is a few meters down the same street, is seemingly in better condition. The member of staff at the desk of the first building (ex Belvedere) was not friendly at all when we arrived. As we got there on the first train from Belgium, our arrival was rather early (around 10 AM). He said it wasn't possible to book in till noon. Although we returned at 12.15, he made us wait another 15 minutes, because, apparently, they hadn't yet finished cleaning up the room. We're budget travellers, so we waited paitiently in the lounge and said to ourselves 'bear and grin it.'The worst was to come though. The squeaky double bed had an unbearable mattress. The springs were absolutely worn, so they poked in our ribs every time we turned around at night. To be honest, it was very hard to have a good rest on that bed.Although the room was connected to a good kitchen, and had a boiler, a good fridge and a small table, it was impossible to open the window's room more than two inches: there was a wall blocking the window's opening. As a result, it was really hard to freshen up the room's air in the morning.There was a hanging rack for the small TV, but the electrical cord couldn't reach the socket from the rack... We managed to put the TV on a chair and a bed cover. The toilet top was broken, and the shower's drain had a blockage. Finally, the continental breakfast was served in the other building, so we had to ask the 'friendly' member of staff a voucher every morning. Walking down the street bearing the morning cold air wasn't very pleasant either.It's a pity, this hotel could be great, especially considering its great location and good prices. It's easily accessible by tube and bus (it's 15-20 minutes to Charing Cross by tube). The neighbourhood also has several supermarkets and take away shops. Nevertheless, for the room we got, we ought to have payed half of the price. Good luck if you book a room in this hotel. Also, bear in mind that the webpage which advertises offers for the hotel charges the whole amount to your credit card in advance!!	
Nov 3 2005	Mauvaise blague!!!		
Oct 30 2009 	Spartanskt värre men bra läge		
Sep 16 2009 	Muy agradable y tranquilo.		
Aug 22 2009 	Non così male		
Aug 11 2009 	che dire fa proprio pena i topi sono di casa li.		
May 3 2009 	pensavo peggio		
Apr 29 2009 	Pratique		
Feb 5 2009 	Raisonnable		
Oct 8 2008 	Hay alojamientos para indigentes de mejor calidad. Informe completo		
Sep 30 2008 	W le unghie		
Apr 20 2008 	Peccato!!		
Aug 22 2007	Literie vétuste : punaises de lit en grand nombre		
Aug 6 2007 	Hôtel douteux		
Jul 23 2007	Nie wieder!!!		
