Nov 22 2009 	convenient	The location is excellent convenient for business and shopping, in an elegant part of the center. The hotel is old, but the rooms are quite large with splendid view over the skyline of the city. Although the wear of time is obvious, it is clean, decent and with good management.	
Sep 27 2009 	Clean but very disappointed with the shower.	My girlfriend and i stayed in this hotel for two nights. After looking at the reviews on Tripadvisor we thought we could give it a go, since it was in an excellent location. The hotel is based just off Oxford Street, and is very close to Oxford Circus station. After a two minute walk we found the hotel with ease. We were kindly greeted by the hotel staff and given our room, which was based on the nineth floor. Our first impression of the room was that it was very spacious and clean. The decor was very modern since we decided to have an executive double room. As we were about to leave the hotel to go shopping in Oxford Street, we noticed that both lifts were out of order. In order to get down we had to walk up to the 15th floor which contained the restaurant and showed marvelous views of London. The reason why we could not walk down the stairs was that the building was occupied by the BBC, from the eighth floor down, and if you walked down the stairs an alarm would sound. After a busy day my girlfriend decided to have a shower which was very cold. We turned the dial as much as we could but this did not have any effect. Whilst we laid in bed we could hear the water running through the pipes when other people had a shower. The sound was quite loud and eventually stopped when people decided to go to bed. The following morning the water was still cold, and after asking the receptionist he explained that it was the water system, and that it was the heighest temperature the water could go to. He also explained that the lifts we very old and that they are being replaced next year. We were advised to use the service lift which only went from the ground to the 15th floor. One night we decided to order room service. It came very quickly, and was presented nicely. However, there wasn't much to choose from. Overall we enjoyed our stay but was left very disappointed with the shower. If the problem was fixed we would stay here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfection	A friend and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend break at the begining of the month. I was worried about finding a nice enough hotel with a reasonable price in the centre of everything. The location is fantastic. Oxford Circus is 2 minutes away... Oxford Street, Regent Street etc. it's all literally on the doorstep. Also just a stones throw away from Theatre Land.The hotel is nice enough... rooms clean and spacious with AMAZING views of London. Reception staff are really helpful and informative and let you leave your bags in a safe area if on your check in or check out day you don't want to haul your luggage around London.Would go back... In fact... I am - In December!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Location but quite noisy	Very centrally located and convenient for theatres/attractions.Room was well decorated, spacious and clean, but the building itself looked a bit like a concrete block. From the 12th floor, we had a great view over the roof tops of London. The public areas looked a bit 'tired'. Restaurant was less welcoming than expected, so we did not eat there. All in all it was 'OK', but would not choose to stay there again	
Aug 29 2009 	Saint George is a saint !	I stayed at the Saint Georges for 2 nights at the beginning of August. I got a good deal for high season in Central London. (booked on the hotels own web page). Superb location, Oxford Circus tube station 2 mins away. Room was spacious, clean &amp; tidy. Can recommend this hotel to anyone wishing good accomodation and easy movement around central London.	
Aug 19 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of July, after reading the reviews I was a bit concerned as what to find but it was fine. I have been in nicer 4* hotels but I think you are paying for the location. The staff were helpful and let us have our room as soon as we arrived about 10.45 as we were having afternoon tea at the Ritz and needed to shower etc after a 3 hr train journey.The breakfast was good with plenty of choice of fruit, cerials etc. Our room was kept clean and the tea/coffee and toiletries replaced. It was walking distance to a lot of places but we bought a rail card which saved us a fortune on the underground. The Ritz experience was wonderful and Jersey Boys was a fantastic show. Will use this hotel again when we come in December again to see the Jersey Boys and get some retail therapy !	
Aug 17 2009 	Very disappointing for the price.	Very tired hotel in need of refurbishment. Only one lift working, concierge stood and watched me waiting for it for five minutes before another guest told me it wasn't working! WiFi was nonexistent. Only recommendation is it's location.	
Aug 3 2009 	excellent hotel in central London	Couldn't fault our 2 night stay 31/7 and 1/8/09. Reception staff efficient check in. Room was on 12th floor which was large and clean with all you would need. Tea/Coffee, internet, TV, mini bar, desk and private facilities which was clean. Super view over London and an excellent location just a few minutes from Oxford Circus and theatre land.Plenty of eating houses/coffee bars nearby plus a Boots shop. Breakfast was also excellent with everything available from Full English to continental, fresh fuit, cererals dried fruit, jams. The resturante was on the 15th Floor with great views over London. Staff were attentive to our needs. Overall great value for money in a great location. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Central Location Good stay	After reading some of the reveiws I was a little concerned that although the hotel is central this was not going to be enough to win the day? I took a chance and found the executive room I stayed in comfortable clean and although I was not in the hotel for that long the staff I spoke to were very helpful. I would stay again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Horrible horrible!!	I just returned from a business trip to London and had the misfortune of being booked into the St. Geroges, Regent Street. The hotel is dirty, staff insullent, rooms disgusting and overall experience beyond bad! I was in a post-communist hotel in Bulgaria a few months ago, and must say it was far better! Also, the price/value quotion is off the charts...the Langham just across the square is magnificent and rooms were basically the same price. Don't stay here - under any circumstances!	
Mar 12 2009 	just say no!	OMG - where to start. The reception staff were rude, the hotel was dirty, the room was noisy and there was hair in the bath. Tiles broken in the bathroom, ceiling tiles missing so you could see right up to the wiring and worst of all - there was a pair of pants behind the curtains! And when I filled in the comments card...... I was rewarded by a rude letter from the manager suggesting I book somewhere else in future! I had planned to!	
Feb 27 2009 	straight forward business hotel	I have been here before and I decided to return because of the very convenient location, next to Oxford Street, and the reasonable price. I was not disappointed. Compared to other London hotels in the same area you get more value for money. Wireless free internet access in the room. Rooms are moderately sized, desk. The light could be better if you have to work.From the breakfast and bar area you have a nice overview over London (about 16th floor).	
Dec 30 2008 	Great location and excellent value	Having previously stayed there I was a little concerned about recent poor reviews but decided to ignore these as people' opinions is very much about how their expectations were met / not met. I am glad I did, as we again had a great stay - perfect location, walking distance to many major sites, lots of good restaurants nearby (esp around St Christophers Place), and brilliant views over London. The hotel occupies the top floors of a BBC office building, at BBC radio's headquarters and only a couple of minutes from Oxford Circus. The room was nice, clean, spacious, with sofa, desk, table etc and everything else you expect to find in a 4 star hotel inc bathrobes. The bathroom needed partially upgrading (sink and tub need replacing) but it was spacious, clean and had a powerful shower. Service at reception, cleaning and in restaurant was efficient and friendly. We had continental breakfast, which was good (rolls, toast, pastries; cheese / ham; fresh and stewed fruit; yoghurt; cereal; juice), made better for the great views. We also had drinks at the bar before dinner - it was quiet (guess busier outwith holiday periods when office workers would use it) and the drinks were pricey compared to a pub but equivalent to other hotel bars. Given the very competitive rates, we thought the hotel was excellent value and would definitely return.	
Dec 3 2008 	An average to below par experience	location is excellent with major central london attractions in vicinityThe rooms are terrible. Ceiling is so low, one almost feels claustrophaubic (excuse the spelling). Bathroom floor tiles were almost broken with the joint fillings out already. You have to run the tap for 10 minutes b4 you get hot water and there is a sticker on the wall which also suggests that. Water pressure is very poor. In times of water preservation worldwide this hotel makes us waste it	
Nov 6 2008	Cant be enthusiast	We stayed same time last year. No doubt hotel has great views and our upgraded room was well appointed well away from the intrusively loud lifts. Maid service first class as we were never inconvenienced. The lifts are slow and frustrating and seem to have a mind of their own.This apparently was the coldest Nov for 60 years and the heating in our room not working. We were given an adequate heater for the duration of 4 nights.The breakfast is rather peculiar and expensive if not included in the rate. The order comes immediately you have drunk the processed orange juice and cereal. It seems the cooked breakfast uses a 1980 style mixture of herbed sausages etc with baked beans. Anyone who likes brown bread will be disappointed as none available.. As with most hotels the coffee is dire. Some hotels in Spain use a quality idiot proof coffee machine that dispenses fresh coffee that one can adjust to ones taste.The dining room is on 15th floor again with great views but The Heights as it is called is a large souless room. If one wishes to read a newspaper it is quite a trek-depending on the lifts.Location is excellent with an easy walk to west end Oxford St.etc.Nearby the Cock is a great olde pub with best bitter @£1.80's per pint and in Market Place good bistros etc.Next time in London as the central hotels are grossly priced we will stay out of this area moving a couple of miles and by using the excellent bus/tube network save a lot of money.	
Oct 2 2008 	great location for oxford street	I travelled to london for 1night to see a west end show and stayed at the st georges hotel. The location is excellent - 5mins walk from oxford street and oxford street station and easy walking distance from the west end. The rooms were a good size and perfect for what we wanted - a clean , central hotel where we could walk to the shops and theatre. I didnt get breakfast there as i felt it was a bit overpriced so we ate in garfunkels which is a 2min walk away and found the food lovely and reasonably priced. All in all a good stay and i would recommend	
Sep 7 2008	Good value for the money have stayed 3X	The St. Georges is a good place to stay across from the langham (that I have also stayede at) costing three times more. It is not a luxury hotel but is clean and the rooms have a fantastic view of London. Very centrally located, if you are wanting to stay in SOHO this might be the place for you if you are on a budget and a view is important to you and you want to be centrally located. Save your money and stay here. Again, not luxury but for the money a good value in London that I can recommend. With a little renovation this hotel could be fantastic.	
Jul 26 2008 	I wouldn't bother	Stayed here for two nights in July and am a frequent visitor to hotels in London and elsewhere. Location is quite good, but hotel is old and cramped. We stayed on floor 10 and paid extra for the executive room which had half decent furnishings - though this did not make up for the fact that the room was tiny and the bathroom was tired. Big chip in bath, handle on toilet held in by a little bit of concrete and about to come off. Air conditioning leaked in three places from the ceiling behind the unit. Double bed very small and managed only 4 hours sleep all night. Television in a sort of wardrobe, which hardly opened and for the first time in London we found the reception dreadful. Lift unreliable and slow, when we pressed the button on floor 10 for the lift - it ALWAYS opened on floor 9 - stupid but annoying. Made the mistake of going to the 15th floor to eat breakfast - was charged £24 for one stale danish pastry and a small portion of scrambled egg - food was dreadful and although the room service breakfast menu offered pancakes, my daughter was told these were not available in the dining room. Did not even have a menu in there. Had arranged a late check out instead of a second night and then found on my return from being out that they had locked my room (did not tell me this when I walked into the hotel - I only discovered it when my key would not work and I had to go back down 10 floors with shopping bags to ask). As my original booking had been for two nights, they could not explain why they had done this.... Whilst I was there a lady was asking to change rooms as her tap did not work. Somehow this did not surprise me.... I would not stay there again and I would advise you to find somewhere else to stay in London.	
Jun 20 2008 	value for money	Excellent situation just off Oxford Street opposite the Langham which costs three times as much!stayed 2 weeks (on business) First week instandard room that had been redecorated ,recarpeted and retiled bathroom on 14th floor with excellent views and quiet apart from being near to noisy lift.Second week had executive double which had robes toiletries and leather furniture but was on 10th floor with not as good a view and noisier,also cost £30 per night more.Not really worth the expense.staff were much better than in the past when it was French run.victoria in the bar even remembered what we drank each evening (we only had one drink per night) which must be unique for a London hotel.Excellent value for money and position. Pizza Express next door for good cheap meals and the Heights bar for great view and reasonable prices. Will definitely stay there again	
Jun 19 2008 	DO NOT GO	DONT GOReally dirty, bathroom disgusting. Lifts very dangerous.Manager Mr Strange and his staff RUDE !!!We also got charged for another rooms dinner, reception staff didnt have a clue. Would rather have stayed in a Travel Lodge.	
Jun 17 2008 	Never Again Not Recommended At All	I would not recommend this hotel. Not one member of staff had a smile or made you feel welcome. We had an executive room, but we couldn't see how. Toiletries that were supposed to be in the room were not. Having complained twice we then received a note shoved under the door saying that they'd run out. When we went to the bar after a show for a drink, we were told it closed at 12am. At 11.35pm they turned the music off, there were only about 4 of us in there. No atmosphere at all and we felt like a nuisance for ordering drinks. They told us we didn't have credit card details held at reception when we did. The fire alarm went off in our room for no reason whatsoever, luckily it was only for about a minute. It says that the hotel has been refurbished, but we were trying to find anything that even looked refurbished. The executive room had grubby wallpaper, a split in the ottoman at the end of the bed, so you could see the foam underneath. One bedside light had no light bulb in it and the light by the door didn't work. They boasted flat screen TV's in most rooms, ours being an executive one didn't have one! Sky channels on the TV, not in our room!We only stayed one night luckily, after seeing the bar/restaurant we decided not to have breakfast there for around £15 each and got it a lot cheaper in a cafe nearby. The outside of the building looks like an office block, the corridors of the hotel are drab and in need of decorating and modernising, a light shade was hanging off one wall light. Not a 4 star hotel at all, it's more like a 2-3 star. When we checked out, she took our card payment, gave us the bill and immediately got on the phone, no good-bye, thanks for staying, absolutely nothing at all. Never again would we stay there and we would definitely not recommend this to anyone.	
Apr 7 2008 	good location good value for money	Stayed for 1 night in April 2008, had a good time whilst their, decent bed room with nice bathroom, and good value for £107 for the room.The location is fantastic, only a couple minutes walk to oxford circus tube station, and the palladium theatre (where we saw the sound of music) close to londons west end, picaddily circus and not to mention the shops on regent street, oxford street, picadilly etc, would definatly stay their againwould avoid the hotel bar though, price as usual for hotel bars, but i thought over £7 for a vodka lemonade was ott as was them adding a &quot;service charge&quot; of 12.5% just for making a standard cocktail (afterall it is the job of the barman to do this) on top of the cocktails price, but other than thaht would recommend ithelpful, friendly staff, and we were even able to check into our room at 10.30 despite the check in time officially being 2pm	
Feb 18 2008 	Fab 	Had the pleasure of staying at the ST GEORGES Hotel in London. Absolutely fab place to stay, superb location, so easy to find (2 minutes walk from Oxford Circus Underground).Our room was very clean and contemporary - no complaints/issues whatsoever. Staff were very friendly and obliging.Overall the hotel represents excellent value for money, especially in 'London terms'Would I recommend this hotel to:Strangers/fellow travellers - yes most definetely; Friends/family - Of courseWould I stay here again - DEFINETELY	
Feb 16 2008 	Go for the location	Hotels in London are expensive and Saint Georges Hotel is no exception. For business reasons I have to be in this area of London and over the years I tried several hotels in this area and category.Saint Georges Hotel was renovated a couple of years ago and since then nothing happened, so now it starts to be a bit worn out. The reception is at the ground floor and the hotel starts at about the 9th floor. Unfortunately the escalators are extremely slow. The pub on the 15th floor gives you a nice view over London.Rooms are small as everywhere in London, but quite comfortable and internet access is wireless and free. The breakfast is too expensive but there are several coffee shops nearby that open early in the morning for breakfast.All in all I would choose this hotel again because of the central location (five minutes away from Oxford Circus tube station) and the reasonable price for central London.	
Jan 19 2008 	Still undecided about the Saint Georges	I have stayed here off and on for a couple of years without ever really being able to make up my mind about the place. The location is great - five minutes from Oxford Circus and I rarely pay more than than GBP120-130. The staff are very helpful, although they occasionally struggle with the English language - but then it is rare to find a native speaker on any hotel front desk in London. As an earlier review mentioned, the lifts have a mind of their own and the bathrooms are equally temperamental. There are obviously some very long pipe runs and it can take forever to get hot water. The free internet in the rooms is a real plus for us business travellers, but often means shifting a sofa to find the network point and this trip I couldn't unplug my cable and had to swap with the hotel for a replacement while they tried to solve the problem - but they were quite obliging as if this happened all the time and my cable would just end up with another customer. The rooms vary quite a bit but do seem to have been undergoing some modernization. However, on this trip I had the bedroom from Hell. On no account stay in 1010 - it is next to the machine room for the lifts and the sound insulation is inadequate. The plant goes whir-clunk until late into the night and starts up again the very small hours when the breakfast staff arrive. The room is particularly stuffy as well and I got very little sleep. Again, this is clearly a familiar problem - the front desk were very obliging when I complained the next morning, gave me another room and moved almost all my possssions while I was out at meetings - I lost a couple of toothbrushes but what's that between friends and they replaced those quite cheerfully. At the price I usually pay, this is decent value but you do need to very alert when checking in and if the room isn't right, pick it up immediately.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great location by far too expensive......	As I was looking for a hotel close to BBC I decided to choose the Saint Georges. It really is a great location, you're right in the middle of Westminster, but it needed to be refurbished. I don't need to have a brandnew TV, but I really like to have a good mattress.The room looked shabby, door doensn't close proberly, I wouldn't be seen for more than 20 minutes in a nearly empty bar ( so I went off to a nice local Pub). To ask for 11.95GBP for a &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; that quality by already taking nearly 200GBP for such a room, is a bit too much.So I might stay next time again somewhere at the outskirts and better invest the saved money into a minicab.	
Nov 26 2007 	Good Choice might stay again but London has soo much choice	I read the many reviews before me just like you and decided to go with it. The cons were not all that bad, mostly from people who had too high expectations.I didnt have high expectations but I have standards and this hotel easily met them.Let me start by saying: The halls do not stink. We even took special note of the fact the 12th floor smelt of lavender.The lifts do have a mind of their own. The doors close very quickly and unless you press the open door button your partner or fellow guest is locked out. Putting your foot in the door, I learned, does not stop the door. The lift sometimes decides which floor it would like you to stop at. I figured this was because somebody on the floor it stopped at pressed the call button and got on another lift or stairs but no, its just felt like stopping there or bypassing your floor and stopping further up.Do you know what? They were the only complaints. The bathroom door would not lock but we always knew when the other person was having a &quot;private moment&quot; to not open the door. The main door was a bit broken whereby the lock was slightly askew from the deadbolt. It still worked after a bit of jiggling.The room was a good size, big bed, 28&quot; LCD tv with around 80 channels. Im aware you dont go to London to simply watch TV but with my Fiancee's bad back, sometimes we need to stay in.The bar and restaurant on the 15th Floor have amazing views and the continental breakfast is satisfactory. It does exactly what it says on the tin. I think £15.95 for a hot breakfast is a lot to pay anyway. We never had dinner but the prices seem reasonable with £10.95 a main course + a glass of wine or dessert.The staff are friendly and helfpul and even took the time to answer my strange query on where the 13th floor went. Reason, the hotel reception is on the ground floor but the hotel starts from the 9th floor and up. 13 does not exist and all the way to 15. The BBC occupy the first lot of floors with a canteen on the ground floor next to reception.They have parking out front for 4 cars!! LOL but have a reduced rate in a multistorey around the corner.The hotel does need a facelift but from the inside it makes no difference. It you want a fancy hotel, stay across the road in the 5&quot; star place. Its looked nice but with 3 doormen it looked expensive. Its an old 70's type building.Location: Thumbs up. We walked from the hotel down to the start of the shopping streets in less than 5 minutes. Oxford Circus is the nearest tube on the shopping street 5 minutes. This circle line goes Everywhere(nearly).I have attached loads of photos, well as many as Im allowed to.Would I stay again? Maybe. Its great and all that but there is soo much choice, I might save money and stay out by Bayswater/Queensway again.Questions. Quirke.alan@gmail.com	
Oct 30 2007 	very nice hotel	we stayed for one night at saint georges hotel, we decided to use this hotel because it was near to the london palladium.. Also I&quot;d spent a few hours on the internet reading reviews about other hotels and most of these were NOT good at all, so when I came across saint georges I decided to book because it sounded like a nice hotel.I booked online, which was useful and not timely, however I was disapointed with information given post booking ie I thought the hotel management would have sent us some information out explaining where the hotel was, although I was able to obtain this information online it would have been nice to recieve some advice and a letter confirming our booking. Having not been to london for such a long time, I decided to send away for a booklet from the hotel, when it arrived a map was enclosed which we thought would be very helpful, however after spending time looking for the hotel - do to the map being poor we decided to jump into a taxi.we arrived at the hotel, all worn out from a busy afternoon, we cheeked in and experienced no problems at all.When we got to our rooms we were delighted with the set out and the quality. However we did feel that the place could have done with a lick of paint, but nothing too major.The beds were all comfortable and the bathroom was lovely.After reading the booklets in the room we found out that breakfast was not included in the price and that this would cost 16.00 per person extra, so we decided that we would not be staying for breakfast the next day, as there were plenty of places we could go to out of the hotel.After going to the concert and coming back to the hotel we decided that we would book a meal from a near by take away, as every where seemed to be shut in london &quot;where we were staying&quot; after 11.00pm, also the bar was clsed at the hotel.The staff were very helpful at reception and gave us a couple of numbers we could contat for food.The next day on check out we found out that the rooms had not been paid for on booking, although we&quot;d sent our card numbers, apparently this was just too confirm the rooms, which we thought was bad really, not a problem for us - but could have been a problem had we not had enough money to pay for the rooms.OVERALL we enjoyed our stay and would go to this hotel again as it was clean and apart from a couple of hick-ups it was worth the stay, HOPE THIS REVIEW IS HELPFUL	
Sep 22 2007 	good location not much else	I stay here quite a lot because of work and it's gone steadily down hill in the last year.Check in is pretty much always a combination of 'sorry how do you spell your name madam' ' oh it's not here' / 'oh yes it is'. One chap is VERY good the rest are pretty dismal and not very friendly.Rooms on the 10th-12th floor are good the 14th is right under the bar and can be really noisy late into the night and early morning breakfast, staff are not quiet!. Go for the back of the building as the front can be pretty noisy. Having said this the last two nights there in room 1214 the recycling was being done in the courtyard below from 04:30 am! not a very nice wake up call I must say.TV flat screens are nice but not all rooms have all channels. Rooms a fair size but too much furniture makes them seem a bit small. Great views over London especially from the 15th floor dining room.Room service is not good, food is below average and very expensive for what it is. Plus the chef is pretty inflexible about changing options around and wanted to charge me for 2 main courses (£40+) when I wanted fish from one and salad from another combined as one meal!Better to pop out to the hundreds of restaurants close by.Very convenient for town, which is why I have put up with poor service and slightly run down rooms..... sadly the inconsiderate noise level (see above) has got so bad I can't balance up the cons anymore. Would recommend only if you need to be in town for one night.	
Aug 29 2007 	Many minor annoyances.	We stayed at Saint Georges for 2 nights and encountered a few problems that detracted from what should have been a nice relaxing stay. Firstly the good points:-We were given a room on the 12th floor, which had a great view of the London skyline.-The location couldn't be much better; 2 mins walk from Oxford Circus, from where you can go anywhere via bus or underground.-The room was of ample size, the bed was pretty big, the bathroom nice, and we had a lovely flatscreen tv with some half decent channels.Now the bad:-The exterior looked dirty, run down and dated. An overhaul is needed!-On checking-in, the guy on reception tried to pre-authorise our room rate plus 40 pounds per night extra for use of the mini bar. I would have minded less if this was explained to us, however, I was simply asked to type in my pin for an amount 80 pounds above the price I was quoted. I don't know if this is general practice, but I've stayed in a few hotels and never experienced that before. After insisting that we wouldn't be using the minibar, this extra amount was reduced to 25 pounds.-The corridor leading up to our room was a little musty and dingy, and seemed to become more unpleasant every time we walked down it.-We had a fair bit of difficulty actually getting into our room! It took 10 minutes to get in the first time as the locking system was tempermental to say the least. On returning to our room that evening, our swipe card had packed in entirely. We had to trudge back down to reception and request another card to be activated for our room.-Although not incredibly early, some renovation work began on our floor at about 8.30am on our final day. Lets just say, if we were after a lie in, we wouldn't have stood a chance.-Basic toiletries are provided, although I had hoped for a little more than the very limited supply of shampoo (best compared in size to that of a drink bottle cap).Overall, this hotel was ok, but with a little more effort and attention to detail, it could be so much better. It has so much potential especially when you consider its location, I just sensed it needs someone with a bit of enthusiasm to come and bring it up to date.	
Jun 29 2007 	No dragons at The Saint George	Booked through the hotel's site - it had the best price the avarage price came to 100 pounds a night. The location is outstanding on Upper Regent Street only 5 min from Oxford Circus underground station.Single room was magnificent, huge with every possible facility including Wi-Fi. Many restaurants &amp; cafes around. Staff was very helpful.	
Feb 26 2007	A good London base convenient and friendly!	After reading the comments on this site in January I was a little dubious about this hotel, but after staying there I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. For a four star hotel, I got a very reasonable rate and was impressed particularly with the check-in staff, the room, and the food in the restaurant. Both dinner and breakfast were excellent, and there are spectacular views from the restaurant. If you don't want to eat in the restaurant then there is a Pizza Express right outside and many other eateries within easy reach.If you are looking for architecture and splendour, go elsewhere. This is a functional hotel in an office-style building (the hotel is on the ninth floor upwards), but it is very well-located, with updated modern rooms and excellent amenities. My mum and I were seeing a show at the Palladium and it was literally a five minute walk, and even less walking time to Regent Street and shopping.Additionally, it was very quiet due to the fact that the rooms are not at street level, and if you like ventilation you can open the windows and not be deafened by street noise. The elevators were a little noisy at times, but not enough to keep us awake. As a hotellier's daughter, I can honestly say that compared to the many hotels I've stayed in, including many in London in this range, this was one of our most enjoyable stays. If you want to stay in London but are perhaps less concerned with aesthetics and more concerned with a nice room and comfy bed with great views and location, then this is worth a try. I would definitely stay at the Saint Georges again.	
Aug 2 2006	Go Elsewhere	In a city like London with a huge variety of accomodation it is hard to see who this hotel is aimed at. It has a good central location and it offers free internet connections in all rooms but that's where the positives end. It is in fairly shabby condition, the lifts don't work properly (they randomly choose where you will go - what you choose has nothing to do with it) and it is let down by poor service.I had an unfortunate run in with the very unprofessional duty manager who came to my room and refused to let me eat the room service that had been delivered until I came down to reception and paid for it. Basically they had not taken my credit card details at check in which was causing the problem but the way it was handled was appalling.Obviously a bad experience has tainted my view of the hotel but the service industry should be about the 'service' and considering that this isn't a cheap hotel I wouldn't recommend it to tourists or business. You could do much better for half the price.	
Jul 29 2006 	Good location but hotel not value for money	We chose this hotel as it was close to theatre district. Location turned out to be excellent, very close to Oxford Street and Regent Street and an enjoyable 15 minute walk to theatre district and Piccadilly. We were however disappointed with the room on arrival considering rates being charged such as mouldy bath and bath mat, TV not tuned in, lamp not working, bedding not as clean as we would have liked however once we reluctantly highlighted these issues to hotel reception (not something I enjoy having to do on holiday) they were all resolved on our return in the evening. Quiet hotel as on an elevated position with excellent views and breakfast was very pleasant in the rooftop restaurant. Drinks are however expensive in the bar, would suggest calling at one of the many bars/restaurants close to the hotel.To summarise, would recommend hotel for anyone looking for a central London location but not if you are looking for something special in your accommodation.	
Jul 20 2006 	our hotel in London	Very nice hotel. Definitely OUR hotel each time we go to London.	
Jun 15 2006 	Average hotel for the price	Quite a shabby hotel, I stayed here on business and although the hotel was clean, I was generally disappointed considering the price and what other options are available in the same price bracket. One advantage was it was quiet.	
May 14 2006	It's OK	This was my second stay at Saint Georges Hotel. I have to admit that after my first stay in august 2004 I was quite determent that I would not return. However on my second stay I found the hotel more appealing. If you book in advance you get a complimentary continental breakfast. Prices are reasonable for London. The hotel is located close to Oxford circus and Soho. The hallways are a bit gloomy. The rooms are a bit worn but quite acceptable they have large windows that can open, and many offers a nice view. The bathrooms are spacious, well kept and clean, excellent water pressure! Air condition is well function. Free internet connection witch is really fast. In the room I had at this stay there even where a safe	
Dec 1 2005	The worst Hotel experience of my life	We arrived at 5pm on a Saturday afternoon hoping to relax and have a bath after a busy day's shopping and before goin to the theatre. Upon arrival we were greeted by the manager who informed us that our room had been given to a regular guest who had extended their stay. We were then ferried away to a dump in Bloomsbury where they tried to force us to accept 2 single rooms. Obviously we balked at this and were taken back to the St Georges for &quot;a complimentary soft drink&quot; whilst they arranged something else.Upon complaining to the manager I was told,in a quite aggressive tone, &quot;it's not my problem...take it up with lastminute&quot;. By this point I was absoutely fuming.In the end we arrived at the theatre late and hungry with nowhere to stay. We then got a call saying that they had found somewhere, a B&amp;B attached to a pub in Clapham. For this they paid £80, I had paid £150 for the room.Be careful before stayinmg with this unprofessional hotel. I can reccomend much better hotels in London at half the price.	
Nov 12 2005 	Loved the St. Georges	I agree with the other review re the lobby being small and the hallways rather dull. -- However, my room was very comfortable and it had an amazing view of the city. I usually ate breakfast and dinner at the hotel and the food was much better than I had expected it to be. When I chose to eat in my room, room service was very fast and efficient. -- I loved the restaurant. I would often go up in the evening just to look out on the skyline. -- The only drawback for me is that I am allergic to smoke and would leave when there were a lot of smokers present. -- I found the hotel staff and the restaurant staff helpful and pleasant. -- I would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2005	Terrible hotel -- noisy rude overpriced	Don't be fooled by the &quot;four stars&quot; with the St. Georges. The rooms are quite stale and lackluster for the hundeds of dollars you'll pay. Worse, a thunderous elevator rattles through the walls of several suites (the shaft is next to rooms on every floor). When we asked for a change of rooms due to this infernal noise, the staff was dismissive and utterly unhelpful. For the price we were paying, it seems a crime to have such poor accommodations and service. To make matters worse, the hotel fails to inform guests that they *charge* for their continental breakfast -- a whopping 11 pounds ($20) per person, surprising you on your checkout bill. Not even the lowest class hotels we patronised charged their guests for continental breakfast. The least they could do is put a little sign up or inform guests of their unorthodox policy.I could go on, but why beat a dead horse?We will never stay at the St. Georges again. Ever. One gets the sense that this hotel survives simply because it's right next door to the BBC headquarters, and they can charge ridiculously high rates for BBC guests. Or something.Why anyone would ever come to this hotel is a mystery to me. My advice: for your money, try the Barkston Gardens in Earls Court. Same hotel chain, but a lot friendlier, quieter, and far less money. And complimentary breakfast, of course.	
Oct 13 2005	It was actually great	I booked this hotel and found this review side only later, and must admit, I got scared. But... suprise, suprise, I really liked the Saint Georges Hotel. For a London Hotel, it was excellent, London hotels are usually lousy, no matter how many stars they have, but this was a nice change from that. Clean room, impeccable bathroom, friendly staff. From arriving to leaving, everything went smooth. The breakfast was good, with a great view over London from the 15th floor. I stayed in other Hotels in London before, and this was by far the best. I recommend it to everyone who made bad experiences with other London hotels.	
Aug 14 2005 	Truly awful - avoid at all costs	Where do I begin? Let's start with the staff - rude, unhelpful, unfriendly and everything is too much trouble for them. I took advantage of the &quot;Happy Hour&quot; in the restaurant. Admittedly there are great views (which you can enjoy without staying in this dump) but I had the misfortune to arrive at 6:57pm - a full three minutes before the cocktail offers were due to expire. I was promptly told by the sneering bar staff that they had &quot;changed the bar pricing on the tills&quot; and therefore couldn't give me the offer. The rooms are like a sauna with the air conditioning non-existent. You can forget basic tea and coffee facilities. No biscuits for you my friend! If you are unlucky enough to be booked in here, avoid the breakfast. It's a rip-off. There are some great places within walking distance - save your money. Surely the four-star rating is a joke? There are much better value hotels to be found in London, such as the Holiday Inn around the corner at Regents Park. Please, don't give them any more business - don't stay here!	
Jan 24 2005	WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN IN LONDON	I have just sent three nights at this hotel and the only good thing about it is the location. Perhaps I was just unfortunate but my visit was a catalogue of disasters. My room was unbearably hot and very dim (no lamps at all). I was moved to another room when the staff realised the heating was broken. The security lock in the second room did not work (essential for peace of mind when you are a woman travelling alone) so I went down to reception and was given a third room. The key would not open the door and it took three visits to reception before this was resolved. This room was in a poor and potentially dangerous state - the lamp behind my bed had come loose from its moorings and the socket by the dressing table was hanging off the wall. The heated towel rail was not wired in, with the bare wires left exposed. The hotel map showing location of fire exits was also missing. On the third day of my stay the key again didn't work and more trips up and down to reception were required. The door bracket at the top of my door had fallen off and kept jamming when I tried to close the door, as well as showering me with filth. I ordered from room service twice - the first time I asked for white bread and was given brown, the second time I ordered ham, tomato and lettuce sandwich with mustard - it arrived with no tomato, no lettuce, no mustard! Service in the bar was inattentive and my guest and I gave up waiting for dinner and went elsewhere. I travel a great deal and can honestly say that this is the worst London hotel I have stayed in - it bears no resemblance to the information given in its website.	
Sep 23 2004	4.5* Location. 2* Service.	I chose this hotel mainly due to location, apparent quality, and views. As for all my previous hotel bookings, I found no better price than octopustravel. Their site is easy to use and contains photos along with an abundance of information. So upon arrival, my girlfriend and I passed over the details of our booking to the concierge. After repeating the details numerous times, they couldn't find our reservation, but after 10 minutes we finally got the room key (what with the concierge simultaneously dealing with other guest's queries)...Once we got access to our room, we walked in to find a bed un-made, the tv on, and the bathroom with towels on the floor....I guess we were lucky that the current occupants of that room were out !!!! Needless to say, we returned back to reception and explained our situation, where the concierge apologised and gave us another room. This time, we were given a key for a twin room, despite booking a double room!! Yes, we returned back downstairs, and explained the 'new' situation. After a total of 35 minutes to check-in, we were now in a rush to be somewhere, and therefore asked if we could leave our bags behind the desk, and sort it out when we returned. We were told that we could go back up to the twin room and leave our bags there instead (Thanks!!). After explaining that we've had enough of the lift for one day, they decided to keep our bags behind reception. When we returned later in the evening, our key was ready, and our bags were in our new room. Thankfully, all was in order this time!!! This was my first experience of a 4* hotel room, and apart from the additional coffee-making facilities and immaculate bathroom, I found no real difference from a 3*. After finally settling in our room, we decided to go to the bar upstairs. Despite the somewhat hostile bar-staff and £4 charge for a bottle of beer, the bar area had great views of the skyline!! The next morning, we ordered room service breakfast, and despite some omissions from our order (such as toast), it was ok. However, from 9:30 to 10:45, we were disturbed by impetuous cleaners, wanting to clean our room. Ok, maybe we should've hung the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, but after 6 times (later on with feeble excuses such as ''I wondered if you had enough coat hangers?''), we began to feel we were outstaying our welcome (despite the 12pm check out time!).I hope I'm not sounding too fastidious, but after spending a large chunk of my wages on the room itself, I personally expected to feel slightly more welcome....I don't know, maybe it's our age (we're both in our early 20’s)....or perhaps because we were staying there on leisure and not business??!?If it weren't for the location or views, I probably wouldn't stay at St.George's again. Though I would definitely browse elsewhere beforehand. Maybe the Bonnington? Hope this review is helpful. 3* room 4* bathroom 5* view 2* service 4* location	
Jul 25 2004	A Bit tired but Excellent for London	We Stayed in The st Georges Oxford Circus in July 2004. We were happy with the hotel, the decor in places was a little tired...but thats London for you. Some of the refurbishments were evident so we were overall happy with the hotel. The breakfast was boring after a ten day stay and a little expensive. We recieved clean linen and towels everyday and the room itself was kept very clean. The best features that will bring me back time and time again, are the views ( Spectacular) and the location. I would stay here again happily and recommend it as good value for money to friends and family. I must add however that the rooms are NOTHING like the internet pictures so dont set you heart on it!	
Jul 4 2004	not a 4 star!	My husband and I went to this hotel late June for 4 nights. We were shocked when we were brought to our first room. We were warned that London has a different standard for 4 star than North America but we were not prepared for this. There website said air conditioning , bathrobes, irons. Well this wasn't the case. The room was a sauna and when I called reception they advised me that it was central air. The knob fell off the radiator when I tried to adjust it, so they gave us a fan. The room was tiny, the carpet was stained , mirror was cracked, wood was warped and the furniture was getting threadbare. The washroom was a good size though. They moved us the next night to better room. And we found out that they are in the middle of remodelling some floors so depending on where your room is you could be disappointed .Our new room still had no Ironing board or safe. They only have a few safes and even though I asked every day for one they were always with other guests. They also do not supply wash cloths and I asked for 2 days, left notes for the maid. I was told repeatedly they would send some up but it wasn't until I went down to the front desk that I was informed that they discontinued that service. I have to say I was really amazed at how unfriendly the staff was and only one or 2 understood what good customer service was, the rest were rude and unpleasant. We weren't the only ones upset . I was present to hear a few people complain as they checked out regarding shower heads or the restaurant service. The location is great though and maybe if I had received one of the remodelled rooms I would have been happier but again service is everything and if you aren't made to feel welcome it isn't worth staying at.	
Feb 24 2004	Comfortable	The previous reviewer seems to be mentioning a different hotel, because as far as i am aware, this Saint Georges has nothing to do with Guernsey. I would like to correct the record--the Saint Georges nr Oxford Circus is a nice hotel.I'm American but living in Kent, and wanted a place to stay overnight in London on New Year's Eve (31 Dec 2003). My fiance found a reasonable rate (around 50 GBP or so) for a double--we got upgraded to an executive double. We had not tried the hotel before or even seen it, but it was a pleasant surprise.This hotel has an excellent location--about 3 blocks from Oxford Circus, but up Regent Street where it is quieter -- much less trafficked. Another positive aspect was the decor--our room was modern, spacious, with a view of rooftops. Nice furnishings/linens.The hotel restaurant is also excellent. It's on the 15th floor, very contemporary, and has nice views. We did not have breakfast following our stay, but have eaten there on another occasion, and the food was delicious. Service was also good.The drawbacks are that the lobby is small and there is not a lot of fancy furnishings there--a simple check-in desk (staffed with 1-2 people) and couch. However, this was fully satisfactory to our needs. I also found that the hallways seemed a bit stuffy/smoky and not refurbished as recently as the rooms. Finally, the hotel seems to be part office building as well, so the outside of the hotel is somewhat industrial-looking.I only mention these drawbacks because you usually cannot have everything perfect if you are looking for a reasonable price. However, the &quot;drawbacks&quot; were not problems for us at all and the quality of the rooms was very good value. Compared to the other reviews I have read of other London Hotels, this hotel rates highly to me.I have also been looking at scores of other local hotels as my relatives are coming in town but the Saint Georges rates (for when they are coming) are a little too high for their budget (esp with the US$ exchange rate!) and like many people they are trying to get as low a rate as possible, and willing to sacrifice some of the nicer amenities. OTherwise I would have them stay at the Saint Georges which is much nicer than some of the ones I have seen out there!	
Feb 2 2009 	très bon hotel		
Oct 25 2007 	Me gustó pero cuidado con la reserva		
