Nov 11 2009 	Avoid it like the plague	Adding bars to the windows would make it an idea prison cell. I slept on top of the bed, I opened up the bedspread and quickly closed it again. God only knows what horrors lie beneath. The room was filthy and needed an all over clean. wallpaper was coming away from the wall. people above walking aroind sounded like a herd of elephants, and I am sure I did, too, to the room below. Next morning in the breakfast hall, which was also filthy, one of the staff merrily went about their work with their mobile phone stuck to their ear. Coffe was lukewarm and no choice of bread, thin while toast. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to stay there! What a poor example of British hospitality (no Brits working there anyway - im sure!) to foreign visitors.	
Aug 7 2009 	Basic hotel with a good location	I stayed at the Rose Court in July this year for 2 nights with my two best friends. The hotel itself is basic but clean, although it could do with a spruce up, new furniture and fixtures/painting etc, but the hotel is good value for money and you only get what you pay for. The continental breakfast was average. The hotel has free wifi in all the rooms which is great, just nip down to reception and ask for the password. The location is excellent, you are a two min walk from Marble Arch tube station on Oxford street and really close to the shops! I would recommend this for friends after a cheap place to stay in London, don't come here if you plan to spend any time in your room, this was just a base for sightseeing and shopping for us!	
Jul 16 2009 	DON'T STAY HERE	The BESTandONLY thing about this hotel is the location.The rooms were awful( in the basement or as they like to say the lower ground floor.) They were very smelly. with stale tobacco smoke and damp being the worse smells. My friend was woken in the night with water dripping on her feet and it turned out to be a badly maintained flat roof above the room that was leaking. We were lucky in that we were able to find alterative accommodation and moved the next day. My advice to fellow travellers is give this one a miss and look for something else in the area. There are a lot of hotels nearby and even if you have to pay a few pounds extra its worth it.	
Apr 19 2009 	Value for money	I have experiencied a nice time during my trip to London, this hotel offered me a nice stay with a clean and very organized rooms. The location is fantastic and easy to get around in the city. The people in the hotel is very friendly and always keen to help us regarding information and other info about the city.This hotel is in my list not only for me but also for my colleagues next time in London.	
Apr 18 2009 	very nice place to stay	This hotel was good for a three night stay. Staf were helpful and friendly. The hotel is minutes from Marble Arch tube station on Oxford St and it makes easy to get around for shopping and sightseein plus custo is reasonable.I willl recommend this to my friends and family.	
Apr 7 2009 	I love this place	2 weeks ago, I was in London for a business trip with my girlfriend who spent most of her time sightseeing. We stayed in Rose Court hotel marble arch for 4 nights. My friend from moscow recommended me this hotel because it has a perfect location in the very center of the city with a reasonable price. after my business meetings we easily could access to restaurants and shopping center on oxford street. hotel provided free wi-fi, which is not common for me because in most of european countries all hotels charge for this service. both my girlfriend and i were happy with the rooms, cleaniness and the smiling service. i will stay there when i go back to london. Sergey Chernikov . Moscow	
Mar 30 2009 	Clean and friendly	The location is great. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are ok and clean. I think it is a nice place to stay if you want to be in the center of the city and don't want to pay much.	
Mar 30 2009 	lousy hotel with a very bad lady receptionist (with long hair)	please do not stay in this hotel,the lady receptionist(slim lady with her long hair tied to her back)is very very impolite talking without a smile,very very bad attitude i hope the boss if this hotel will fire her(or i should say should have fire her centuries ago),she is very unkind to foreigners/guest and make me feel even more dislike this old old hotel with cracking noise while we walked in the room or bathroom,the water got smell and the bed is 1 side higher ,but thats alright because i understand the low price of this hotel cant produce good rooms (90pound oer night)but at least the lady receptionist must not treat us as if we are begging for free stay,ok?she even refused to just help me to make a silple local call to comfirm my transort from the hotel to airport,just a local call she refused to help which her 2 male colleagues help us kindly to call for transport and show us the map of where to go,where to get to our destination.compare to london,i like paris more the french are much much more friendly,kind hearted and helpful .	
Feb 27 2009 	value for money	I recently stayed in the hotel through the recommendation of a friend. And I was not let down. It is good value for the money. Location is central and walking distance from Oxford Street. Reception staff are friendly &amp; helpful. Room &amp; bathroom were clean with the usual menities.Overall I would recommend the hotel to my friends.	
Jan 25 2009 	Save Yourself!	Left about midnight after killing the 11th bedbug and stayed on the cold Paddington Station streets for a few hours until I found a ride to Heathrow. The trains don't run until 5:30am. Thought about just staying in the room with the light on and exectuing the little buggers when they came out, but I noticed one crawling on my luggage and the idea I'd be taking them home decided it for me. The photos of blood on the sheets are I believe the residue of other executions. That's the way my sheets looked (but fresher blood, hopefully mine) when I left.	
Dec 1 2008 	Beware of the Room	A friend booked this hotel for me. Initially there was a mix up with my booking which finally got sorted(long story which is for another day). Here I just want comment on the room. As I approached it via the 2 person lift , the narrow hallways and stairs, alarm bells in my head were already ringing. It had grubby and unkept appearance. As I opened the room door I was prepared for the worst and so it was. The room was an unusual shape, longish and narrow. The wallpaper was dull and ancient. My attention was then immediately drawn to the bed. The blanket was very old and dirty looking, as was the headboard. There was an old wardrobe at the foot of the bed which looked like it was ready to fall over at any moment. The room had a real dark and depressing feel to it. I had a quick glimpse into the bathroom which was bigger than the room itself before I decided to go back and investigate the sheets on the bed. As I pulled back the old top blanket the sheets underneath surprisingly looked cleaned but then the lights went out and I was in the dark. Maybe that was the best way to view the room. After ten minutes I had enough so I picked up my back, walked down to reception, returned my key and left. Stayed in a much nicer and cheaper hotel about 15 minutes walk from there. It is amazing what hotels like the Rose Court ,Great Cumberland Place can get away with.	
Nov 13 2008 	Stay Away	I booked this at the last minute through the recomendation of Travel Republic. Never again!After arriving around 6pm ( it was cold and dark) I was looking forward to staying overnight in London.Being a solo traveller I just didn't feel confident enough to look for alternative accomodation at that time of night.The room was faded splendour indeed. Torn wallpaper chipped paintwork and what looked like blood splatter up 2 of the walls!Blankets were filthy but the sheets did look clean.The headboard was also filthy and of the old padded buttonback variety!The shower over the bath was 'protected' by a glass screen which made it impossible to turn on the taps unless you were actually standing in the bath underneath it! The taps were caked in lime scale and hadn't been cleaned since installed.Breakfast room was like a small works canteen. I don't know what the brown stuff that they called coffee actually was.I was charge £125 for 1 night here and will never set foot in the place again.	
Oct 30 2008 	WOW...NOT a nice hotel bad condition	Let me start by saying the hotel staff seemed to be helpful, genuinely nice, and friendly. Our stay didn't start very well at all. We checked in and were led down a maze of steps and small dark hallways. As we found our room, located in the basement, we couldn't help but notice the strong smell, the torn and stained carpet, peeling wallpaper, and for added touch, the flickering, uncovered bare flourescent lightbulb flickering at the end of the hallway. we were let into our room, the door without a doorknob, just a deadbolt, and couldn't help but to laugh. as we mentioned the torn and stained carpet, it was even worse in this small and dingey room. the comforter was ancient looking and was badly stained. the inside of the bathroom door had mysterious brown drip marks of something we didn't even want to think about. did i mention the awful smell? we aren't high maintenance nor are we used to staying at swanky places, i mean my favorite hotel is holiday inn express and embassy suites. we immediately refused to stay in this room. the staff was helpful in getting us moved to an upstairs room. but let me say, it wasn't much better. at least there was no smell. there was actually 3 to 4 feet of duct tape in the bathroom holding the linoleum down. there was also, literally, an electrical wire, bare and exposed sticking out of the wall behind our cabinet armoire thing!! the carpet throughout the hotel is in such horrible stained and torn condition. the wallpaper everywhere is peeling and the walls all have minor damage. we knew the hotel was old, but this hotel was old and in crappy condition, but hey, at least there was hi speed wireless in the room!!! it's a shame because it really could be a beautiful hotel. the staircase, for instance, is a really cool spiral stairway. in our opinion, if they spent some money and updated and upgraded it would be a nice hotel because of it's good location.	
Mar 6 2008 	Cheap not cheerful	I booked this from a last minute hotel booking website for me, my partner and a work colleague. We got two rooms in the hotel after our work Xmas party. We just wanted somewhere clean and cheap, and are generally not fussy when we stay in London, which we do often on a budget. The room my partner and I stayed in was surprisingly large with high ceilings and a big window, and so has the potential to be really lovely. Unfortunately though the decor and general state of repair let it down. I'm not sure of the room number, but our room had a large mirror right opposite the bed, which was really disconcerting and gave you the feeling of being watched which wasn't pleasant. There was a double bed in the room and an extra single, the bedlinen was clean but looked old and the bed was incredibly uncomfortable and creaked every time you moved, making it near impossible to sleep. I tried sleeping in the single and it was the same. The en suite was very small, but I expect that for the price and it was no problem for us. It was quite grubby though and the whole place could do with a refresh. The final test of a good hotel is always the tea and coffee making facilities, but they provided whitening instead of milk and the kettle wasn't clean, so we didn't go there!We didn't want to stay for breakfast and when we met up with my colleague in the morning, she was equally unimpressed and had left her room at 6.30am because she didn't feel comfortable there. It did the job for one night, but I wouldn't stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Cheap Yes Great No	We were looking for a cheap hotel in a good location in London, not something easy to find. Next time I will pay more and stay somewhere Nicer. Don't get me wrong the location was great, just off Oxford St near Marble Arch, the staff were friendly. The room however was on the top floor up some very creaky stairs, you can hear what time people go to bed! The room was clean but very small. wallpaper was starting to come away from the wall and the curtains could have benefited from a wash. The breakfast was toast and cereal, hot breakfast extra - fair enough for the price paid, but please just put the nets at the dining room window through the washing machine. This could be such a quaint homely hotel should it have some money spent on bringing it up to date, but for one night was ok.	
Feb 7 2008 	Don't go there	Having travelled from Portugal for a relaxing weekend this Hotel was a tremendous dissapointment. In London for the shops, see a show and take in the atmosphere.The location of the Hotel was good but the remainder was not good. The entrance was dirty, the reception was dark and dated, the lift was &quot;minute&quot; (and felt somewhat unstable), the room was so small that my wife and I could not enter one after the other without closing and re opening the door, the decor was dirty, the bathroom was dated, very small and in need of a good clean and upgrade. The bedding was dated and the bed was not very comfortable.We were in London for 3 nights, we stayed in this very dissapointing venue for 30 minutes - just long enough to book a replacement over the phone and get a cab. There are lots of Hotels in London dont make the same mistake we did - simply do not go there!	
Feb 5 2008	Got the Job Done	This was a good deal. Through Expedia I booked w/ my fiance a round trip ticket to London along with 6 night stay in this hotel. Total: $995 a person. Just what I could afford. And I got exactly what I paid for. I'm happy.I was nervous going here because I read the reviews about it being dirty, mice, bed bugs etc. I didn't experience any of this. It was a bit shabby, and definitely cramped quarters, but we were literally using the place to hold our stuff, shower and sleep. And it did well for all those things.The beds are hard, I agree, although I've heard that hard beds are better for your back. I still like softer beds. After walking around all day and sight-seeing i could have been sleeping on the floor and still slept soundly. There is no AC,but it was so nice and cool out we just opened the window and got a wonderful breeze.The bathroom was so tiny. Smaller then my NYC apartment bathroom. The shower was a little grimy but i'm young and don't complain. I showered. The sink made me laugh every time i saw it, because it was so tiny. Also the door lock was fun because the hole would be green or red (depending on if someone was in there or not) The tv had 5 stations. BBC all the way.The breakfast was fine. England coffee sucks...good luck finding good coffee anywhere in that country. The toast was really good, as was the jam. Cereal was good. Wasn't a fan of the eggs and beans but I know that is their culture to eat that kind of food so I will not complain, but be happy I could try something that wasn't american. Since the breakfast was free we saved probably 20$ a day on breakfast. London is so expensive, so finding a deal like this allowed me to shop more (which is my priority) :) So all in all, I am very glad I found this deal.	
Dec 4 2007 	Horrid !!!	The beds were comfortable, but covered with old blankets, that looked like they never get washed. It was very noisy due too traffic and squeaky floors. The carpets and wallpaper were old and patchy. We couldn´t use the shower because the water was either too hot or too cold. The breakfast was terrible: 1 peace of toast plus jam and butter each ! And the staff was friendly but understood hardly any English. Its fairly cheap and near too Oxford street and Hyde Park, but I don´t know what the 2 stars are for.	
Oct 26 2007 	Friendly but shabby	We were a family party of two adults and two children staying for a short break on a fairly tight budget. The Rose Court reception staff were helpful and friendly and showed a genuine interest in whether we were enjoying our stay. The room was too hot, at the top of 4 flights of stairs (or a trip in a very precarious looking lift!) and was very shabby. That said, the sheets and towels were clean and the breakfast was basic but edible. Do not stay in this hotel if you intend the accomodation to contribute much to your impression of London. Do stay in this hotel if you are a student backpacker or needing a cheap bed for the night in a central location and you are not fussy about the age of the furniture/decor. We have stayed in better youth hostels.	
Jul 12 2007 	Good value for little money good location	We wanted a family room for 4 persons, and this was the cheapest we could find on the net in central London. The hotel and the room looked run down - old furniture, old TV, trashy curtains and carpets, only the bathroom was up to date. Beds were OK.However service was fine, the staff very friendly, the room was cleaned properly every day, breakfast OK and included in the price. And location was great, 2 minutes walk to Oxford street, Underground (Marble Arch), Hyde Park, close to many busses and restaurants (Tip: Italian restaurant “Caffe Uno”, 11 Edgware Road was the best deal of the 8 restaurants we visited in London). Noise level from street etc. was low. If you are looking for a cheap room in a good location, saving your money for entertainment or shopping, this is a good deal.	
Jul 4 2007 	hurry up breakfast	Date 28 June 2007Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. As a 2 star hotel, the location was great:-10 mins walk from tube (Central Line) and buses.Room, as expected form other reviews, was small and bathroom tiny . Also dark . Glad it wasn't hot weather as might be stifling. Had requested a larger room but this was hardly that!!!Main complaint was about breakfast. Scheduled for 7-9am, went down at 8.50 to find only allowed 1 cup of coffee , toast that had barely winked at the toaster and to be told to 'please eat quickly' as the servers were finishing at 9 ! When I queried this, i was informed that the servers ' were only paid until 9 and had other work to do.' Needless to say, did not bother the other mornings.If you want a cheap convenient hotel, this is OK but certainly no frills and not particularly hospitable staff	
Jun 20 2007 	Disturbing	I can't find any other word that fits how I felt staying in the Rose Court.I was led to a basement room with my four friends by a receptionist who was very confused about our booking. The room's windows looked onto a grimy alley 6 foot below the pavement, so at night there were footsteps and traffic noises coming through our window which wouldn't fully close. There was a picture of a sinister-looking man holding a child above my bed that I took down as soon as I got in the room. The beds were stained with something that seemed to be blood, but I didn't want to think too much about that. When we turned on the propeller fan, one of the beds got a fresh coat of dust thrown onto it. There were wardrobes and presses which wouldn't open no matter how much we tried. Luckily, we only stayed for one night and I wouldn't recommend any longer.	
Jun 20 2007 	This hotel needs to be knocked down seriously!!!	the hotel from the outside looked fairly nice! even the reception looked fairly okay seeing as it is a low budget hotel! we got our key and the old woman led us down to our room! that was the problem we went down into this creepy dungeon with squeaky floors!!! there's like 51rooms in the hotel and we were room 700??? don't ask! we went into the room and it was okay until that night! there was traffic, we were in a sewer! we could have sworn people were walking by our windows-like hobo's! and the windows wouldn't close! they were held open by string! The fan on the roof nearly fell off when we turned it on and dust start flying everywhere! there was also these creepy pictures in the drawer! the floor was the squeakiest thing i've ever heard! and the bathroom surprisingly was nice!that night though we noticed there was blood stains on one of the matresses which was disgusting. we stayed up all night scared and disgusted all sitting on the one bed because the rest had stains!but the one bed was comfy! i would never reccomend this hotel to anyone! great location but never go near it! and i'm sure from other reviews you will notice a pattern! the service isn't even good! we were too afraid to even go to breakfeast that morning! we asked for an iron and it stains the clothes! so overall, i don't think you should go to this hotel unless you really want to slum it!	
Mar 5 2007 	great stay	Myself and five freinds recently stayed in the Rose Court during a recent trip to London (feb 28 - march 3 2007). I can honestley say that the hotel was far better thn any of us expected it to be. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff couldn't have done any more to be helpful towards us. The hotel is situated very close to marble arch tube station and from there it is a short journey to anywhere in the city, alternativley it's great location allows you to walk almost anywhere you might want to visit.	
Dec 5 2006 	Good location but very basic	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while visiting london. Overall it was ok. Had a few problems on arrival and the nightman/receptionist had not 1 clue about checking somebody in. He could not speak english but we got our room in the end. The lift was shocking, i would recommend taking the stairs because it is on the virge of breaking down. The rooms are small but they are fine for the price.. We had a twin room for the first night and a triple for the second night and the triple was definately alot better. It was a clean hotel and the bathroom in the triple room was very spacious but tiny in the twin room. Location of the hotel was brilliant. It is just around the corner from Oxford street with great shopping and you can walk to Picadilly circus and Leicester square where all the night life is. If you are on a budget and dont mind where you stay then it is fine but if you can get something in the same area with similar price then take that instead. Would I stay here again? Yes if I was badely stuck	
Oct 2 2006 	Basic Hotel	The previous reviews remain broadly appropriate. Also, I found there was a lot of noise from the traffic during the night.	
Mar 24 2006	dingy rose court	i cannot tell you how disappointed we were with the rose court hotel. The place is realy dirty and drab, our room net curtains were full of holes and frayed the paintwork is chipped and dirty and the carpet should be totally refurbished. The tv system which only get 4 channels were hooked to a roof antenna which was not postioned properly and none of the staions came in clear. On the positive side the staff were nice and friendly and somewhat embarassed by the amenities offered by the hotel.	
Jan 26 2005	Absolutely Disgusting...	This hotel was absolutely disgusting. I have never been in a hotel filthier than this one. I think the sidewalk in front of the hotel was cleaner than the inside. The curtains and carpeting were black with filth. When we went to put a mattress on the floor so that our 1 year old twins would not fall off of the bed during the night, we discovered in horror blood and urine stains all over the mattress and box springs. It was the same on the other bed in the room. As we had rented 2 rooms in the hotel, we immediately went into the other room and checked the mattresses in there. All four of them had urine stains and 2 of the 4 had blood stains as well. After going downstairs feeling so sick to my stomach and feeling so gutted that anyone would allow another human being to stay in such filth, we told them we could not stay in their hotel. By this time I was in tears and the owner was reached. He made arrangements for us to stay in a hotel just around the corner. We looked at all of the mattresses before agreeing to stay there. My New Years was completely ruined due to their filthy conditions. I took pictures of the mattresses before leaving and the health department for that area has been contacted and a complaint filed. No one should have to undergo what we went through that night. DO NOT stay at this hotel. It could end up being the worst experience of your life.	
Jan 5 2005	Excellent budget hotel!	I was very pleased with the Rose Court Hotel, given several bad experiences with similarly priced hotels in London.The receptionist was very helpful providing us with information on the local area which, by the way, is very convenient to the tube and shopping on Oxford St.The room (a triple with ensuite) was large, clean, quiet and well equipped with tea and coffee facilities, soft towels, soap and body gel/shampoo in the bathroom. The bathroom was clean and the shower had plenty of hot water. The TV worked!A little bit tatty around the edges but no more, and probably less, than you should expect for a 2 star. Just the occasional chip in the paintwork.Breakfast was good compared to many others. Scrambled eggs, baked mushrooms and baked beans in the way of hot food. A big glass of orange juice and fresh coffee. Cereal, milk, toast and condiments as well. I've had runny, cold &quot;boiled&quot; eggs before so this was luxury!All in all highly recommended.	
Sep 27 2004	Rose Court Hotel London - Excellent experience!	I arrived in London without a hotel and the British Tourism Agency suggested theRose Court Hotel. I could not have asked for a better hotel! Not only was itvery inexpensive, it was 6 minutes walking away from Buckingham Palace, 2minutes away from the shops leading up to the Oxford Circus and no more than 15minutes away from any of the great attractions! It was also a few short steps away from the Marble Arch and a great park to go jogging. I did not even take theunderground once because everything was so close! The hotel was very clean andthe staff was incredibly helpful with directions and really made sure the guestswere taken care of. I was so happy with this hotel that I would strongelyrecommend it for students or couples looking for a great hotel with a greatlocation and inexpensive. 5 stars in my opinion!	
Sep 10 2004 	strange	what a strange hotel. The receptionist could hardly speak english, the elevator was more like a dumb waiter, the lock on the door was flimsy, the bathroom was smaller than my wardrobe at home, the net curtain was grey!, there wasn't any tea/coffee facilities, if you try and phone down to reception it just rings and rings...... and i have never heard so many screams from one hotel in the middle of the night! A good nights sleep- not a chance as all you can hear all night long is the traffic. The only good things about the hotel were the clean sheets and the location. Would i stay here again... NO stay on the outskirts of london and use the tube.	
Jul 15 2004	Not impressive but not horrible	Location was great -- right near Marble Arch. Lots of restaurants, internet, tube stop, tour buses nearby. Staff was barely polite, elevator was tiny and temperamental, lock on the door seemed flimsy. The room was small and tolerably clean, but the whole floor reeked of garlic the first night. Breakfast was 2 pieces of toast and mediocre coffee or decent tea, with optional cereal and milk. We did have a problem at checkout where the rate arranged by our travel agent was not honored, but the new rate was still reasonable for London. We would probably look for something else in the area next time.	
Jun 10 2004	My Future Home Away From Home In London	Taking two college students with me on their first trip to London and I was looking for something a bit modest in price since needed multiple rooms. What I found was an extremely clean, well maintained hotel. Staff very friendly. Continental breakfast included with cooked brealfast available at extra cost. It's a converted townhouse with those limitations, but very convenient. Goodby my 4-star hotel. For price this can't be beat. In future this will be my home away from home in London.	
Mar 26 2004	Good especially for the price	Overall this was a good hotel for the money. It's 2 blocks away from the Marble Arch station on the Central Line of the tube. It's also close to Hyde Park. The staff was nice and friendly, and the complimentary breakfast was fine. The room was sufficiently clean, but the towels were a bit smelly and the pillowcases were sometimes less than ideally clean. The lift was broken for a day.	
Oct 5 2003	Great place to stay!	 This year while visiting England I once again stayed at this B&amp;B. They had done some more painting of the inside and are still working to get it up to par. But it is the friendlist place that I had stayed in london. Fair prices and very,very nice people. They all treat you like a friend and were so pleased that I had returned. Even gave me a bigger room for less money.The owner is there much of the time and a very caring person. The desk clerk,Sondra is wonderful and always willing to help with what you need. Stay again next time,Oh yes.Four stars for the Rose Court 35 Great cumberland Place, London 	
Sep 4 2003	Aweful place to stay	This hotel has got to be the worst hotel, I have stayed in. Give them one thing, there was clean sheets and hot water, although everything else was discusting.The &quot;so called&quot; full english breakfast doesn't exist, instead we got a plate of scrambled eggs, swimming in fat. Just outside the room also smelt of fat, it wasn't very nice at all. The corridors are a tight squeeze, and the lift is very small (god help anyone that is abit on the large size!!!)	
Jul 7 2003	Solid value	 I've stayed here twice. The staff is friendly and quite multilingual, 24 hr. desk. The location is excellent - less than five minute walk from Marble Arch and airbus to Heathrow, neighborhood good. Clean. I believe all rooms are en suite (= bathrooms in your guest room for my fellow Americans.) 	
Aug 14 2009 	???????WiFi???		
Dec 27 2008 	Parfait emplacement hôtel dans la moyenne des hotels londoniens		
Dec 9 2007 	N'allons pas voir "Le Rose"...		
Feb 22 2007 	sejour tres reussi		
