Nov 3 2009 	It's cheap.	Was £45 a night a few streets away from Paddington, which isn't bad for value. I would get the cheapest room possible and spend any time you aren't sleeping elsewhere.My room had a shower in it... and when I say it had a shower *in* the room. I mean that at the foot of my bed, was a fitted shower. I could hear water trickling through the walls all night from pipes above presumably, but it was louder than the rain outside.Although the room itself had bad furniture and fittings, it was actually well kept and was very clean.What made my jaw drop was the breakfast. The hotel reckons that for any non-guests, the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast is worth £5. However, it was literally a pile of toast and bitter coffee. The toast wasn't even supplied in a toast rack and was just a pile on a butter dish. This meant that the majority of the toast was soggy. Breakfast clearly hadn't been thought out well and considering I was forced to pay £5 in my room price for it, I felt completely ripped off.However, the hotel was clean and the staff were friendly and happy people... maybe because they had just charged me £5 for soggy toast.	
Nov 3 2009 	Location is about the only good thing	Aside from that the location is close to two tube stations that get you about anywhere in London is really about the only good thing here. The beds were so hard sleeping on the floor was better. Toilet and shower where shoved in a tiny little closet with a sad excuse for a door. Everytime someone flushed on the floor awefull stench came out of our 'bathroom'. Even more horrible is that the window was broken and therefore refused to stay open. Walls were so thin sleeping was pretty much impossible if neighbours decided to watch telly at night. Breakfast was horrid, if one wants a proper one, do eat outside of the hotel. Best part of it all was when we came in the second night, the person behind the register was more then happy to charge us a second time for our stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	Don't Bother	Where do I start, creaky bed, creaky wardrobe, creaky floor, creaky shower door and Mouldy ceiling's. No coffee and tea facilities in the room but you could order at a cost of £3.50 for 2 cups. No iron or hairdryer in room but could be hired from reception. Continental Breakfast was orange juice, coffee or tea and cheap bread partially toasted. Room was cold, small and poorly decorated and I really wish I had not stayed there at all. There was door slamming all night, well pretty much the whole time we were there.	
Nov 18 2008 	value for central london	i found it clean and tidy. I had room No 1, so I didn't have far to go!A single room suited me. Not very expensive. Good value considering it was in the heart of London. Staff were polite but a little &quot;distant.&quot; Would go there again. Aidan Heffernan	
Oct 7 2008 	You can do much better !	I spent a long time looking for accomodation and did not have a lot of money to spend. I picked Paddington because it was central and I could catch the Heathrow express straight there. Firstly, I would not stay in paddington at all !! It is way too full of tourists and not a nice area. I stayed at this hotel for a week while I looked for somewhere to live. We were underground which was terrible !!! It was dark and awful. If you stay here make sure you dont get a room underground. The room was tiny, the bathroom so so small and the tv did not work. I thought it was way too much for what it was. You can definitely do much much better.	
May 22 2008 	Not the worst but not great	I actually booked the Kingsway Park hotel, not this one. But when I arrived at the Kingsway Park, I was escorted to the Lancaster Court by a very pleasant young man on the staff. There were obviously renovations being done at the KP, so he explained the LC would be more comfortable. Fine, I said.The positives: the location is great, a block from Paddington Station, with lots of restaurants, pubs, and newsstands around. I was put in a double (I'd asked for a single), and for London doubles it was pretty good sized. It was basically clean. I wanted to watch the Champions League final, and the TV worked.The negatives: Not enough hot water for a shower. The reservation I got from Orbitz said that &quot;breakfast&quot; was included. The breakfast on offer was one cup of coffee and three pieces of toast. No coffee/tea tray in the room. The decor was pitiful. And before the pleasant young man showed up to take me from one hotel to the other I had an extremely unpleasant interaction with a clerk who demanded to see my printed reservation, looked at it and said &quot;Where is your name on this? I need to see your name.&quot; I offered to tell her my name and show her my passport, but she seemed to have decided that I had, for some reason, faked the reservation!I booked this place because I wanted a (reasonably) cheap place for one night before leaving London. Next time I'll just go to a Travelodge near Heathrow and get better value for money.	
Apr 10 2008	Quite allright given the price and location	I just spend 4 days in this hotel. From the reviews I had read I knew I was going to stay at a budget hotel, so I went there with low expectations.Given the low price (for London standards anyway), I found the hotel to be quite allright; my room was clean and I slept well there. The hotel is also at a good location (near Paddington Station and Hyde Park) and I found staff to be friendly.Some minor negative points: there was no phone connection in the room (but staff do connect incoming calls to a phone in the hallway and alert you of the call) and this must be one of the few hotels in the UK that doesn't offer in-room coffee/tea makers.	
Nov 8 2007 	Interesting Aroma	Ended up here due to double booking in our hotel. The first thing that hits you is the smell, musty, mouldy damp smell. After climbing five flights of stairs to the attic, we discover our key opens other rooms, secure your door with a chair as twice during the night someone tried to enter. What they call an 'En Suite' is a wardrobe converted, it is so small, the sink is at the end of your bed. Location is bad, furniture is worse. Bed is awful with cigarette holes in the blankets. This place certainly does not represent the beautiful city in which it's located&quot;.	
Oct 9 2007 	You get what you pay for which is very little	My wife &amp; i stayed here early december 2004 and were very disappointed with this hotel but again we didn`t pay much at all , we still expected a little bit more.The location of the hotel is not ideal but still pretty well situated , 10mins walk from Hyde Park &amp; subway station &quot;lancaster gate&quot;. Anyway London is such a big city with so many attractions &amp; things to see sprayed everywhere that you really need to use the subway all the time.The hotel had no lifts and our room was terrible, we immediately ask at the desk if we could change and when we saw the new one it was even worst then the first so we settle for what we first got.The room was not very clean &amp; furniture was simple so was the tv , the bed wasn`t too comfy but the worst part was the bathroom which was in a separate area next to the street window.It was freezing cold as the heating couldn`t keep up with the cold coming through the single glazing window.It felt like this use to be a verenda which they later transformed :) , i know this sounds crazy but believe me it was weird , when my wife &amp; i first saw this we couldn`t stop laughing.Breakfast was terrible , the bread was smelly &amp; there wasn`t much to put on it , the eggs looked like plastic &amp; the orange juice , ahah..well let`s just call it water with an orange colour.My wife went to breakfast every day because she didn`t want to waste what she had payed for but i prefered to stay in my room.Staff were not friendly but neither were they rude , i would have liked a smile once in a while but i suppose this comes with the cheap package.All in all this was a very bad hotel but very cheap too , so how do you rate this? , considering the price some would give 2 but i`ll give 1 anyway :). I know that hotels don`t come cheap in London but i would advice anyone to go for at least a *** hotel , this is a minimum.So don`t bother &amp; look elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2007 	Shockingly terrible	Ended up here on a business trip as Expedia screwed up my booking with a hotel that was already full, and was sent here by this hotel. I paid 290 GBP 2 nights for the other hotel and ended up here where you can pick up a room for less than 30 quid!The rooms smell, the beds are knackered, showers are mouldy (although hot water at least) and no ventilation to cool down at night. Unless you want cheap and rubbish stay clear.	
Mar 1 2007 	Pleasant experience	Last year we stayed five days at the Lancaster Court Hotel. Our room was at the topfloor. If we wanted to go there, we had to climb over 100 staircases (they didn't have an elevator). When we finally arrived, we were very pleased with our rooms. My parent had room 56 and my brother and I had room 57. And yes the bathroom is indeed very small, but for these prices you can't expect anything better than that!! The shower worked really well, we had hot water, the toilet flushed well, the sink was clean. What elso do you wish of a bathroom?Then the rest of the room...My brother and I had two seperated beds. We had a closet/wardrobe which was big enough to put our stuff in. We had a nice view, the storey was very quiet, the TV was working and they had very clear emergency exits, which you could really need when an emergency happens and your on the topfloor!! In short the room was perfect for the price we paid for it!!Then the Service.... the staff was very nice. They didn't mind we arrived at the hotel at 2.00 am. They told us how we could get to our room, when breakfast was served, what we had to do when we had complaints, how we could get a hair dryer. The next day they explained where the nearest tube station was and how we could get there. They recommended a couple attractions which were worth seeing. And the last day the called RyanAir to inform how late our plane was about to depart. Because we had a late flight and we had to check out earlier, we could store our lugagge in the well-secured luggage room. So the service was excellent. Breakfast.... The breakfast was served in some kind of basement. Friendly staff took the orders and toast, marmelade and tea were served. Against payment you could get a typically British breakfast. All in all...the room was perfect, the staff was friendly, the services were excellent and the location was marvellous.I added some pictures of our room which give you a good example of how the rooms in this hotel look like.	
Dec 4 2006 	Dreadful dreadful dreadful	We were sent to Lancaster Court from a cocked up double booking fiasco at The Brunel Hotel up the road. It was probably the crummiest dump I have ever stayed in. The en-suite was comprised of a wobbly sani-flo munching loo, and a DIY job shower cubicle with exposed rusty pipes and loose electric cables. The stains on the bed covers just added to it. The TV came out of the ark, and the complimentary breakfast was grey tea and mother's pride toast. If you plan on staying there, don't bother.	
Aug 19 2006	Lancaster Court is not the same thing as Lancaster Hall!	I found the Lancaster Court Hotel thinking it was the Lancaster Hall Hotel, a place my parents stayed at and found to be a great deal.Anyways, Lancaster Court is a decent hotel, but the staff are superbly rude. They do not allow you to bring visitors, even if you need their help moving your luggage. Three of the four staff members I encountered were rude to me.The first night I paid 45 pounds to stay on the third floor in a room that had a shower in it. The shower was like a piece of furniture installed into the corner of the room. Sinks are standard in all rooms. I had to use the toilet in the hallway of course.The second night I asked for a room with no shower, and for 32 pounds I was put up on the fifth floor in a shoe box without a television. (Sorry, no picture)There are lots of other hotels in Sussex Gardens. Find something else, but book ahead.	
Feb 3 2005	good but...	I went there with my girlfriend in january 2005, we wanted to spend 3 days (2 nights) visiting London. Our impressions are the same: the hotel is good for the price we paid: we wanted to use our money in shopping instead of sleeping. But be that as it may, there are some bad points to discuss: we asked for a room with bath or shower: we get it: the bathroom is really small (2.5 sq-meter or so), only the place for WC and a (really) small shower. About the breakfeast room: we were surprised to assist to a 15 min &quot;oral fight&quot; between a customer and an employee of the hotel while we were eating...hope it doesn't occur often!! So as a conlusion let's say that if you're not too rich (student for example), lancaster court is a good alternative, not far from underground, Hyde park (less than 300m), paddington station, marylebone etc... but don't hope to find the so nice place described in trip magazines, official advertisings etc...	
Oct 18 2004	If you like odors	If you like the odor of mold &amp; decay, dingy bleak rooms, scorched walls, views of a wall with a kitchen exhaust pipe, no basic creature comforts, a Continental Breakfast in a spartan room consisting only of white toast and orange juice, and an unfair refund policy then the Lancaster Court Hotel is for you. If not look elsewhere for suitable lodging. It was truly terrible. we left as soon as we could make other arrangements. We also wrote the Tourist board and lodged a complaint.	
Jun 26 2004	Cheap and cheap	Was in London from June 17-20 to meet friends who were staying in Paddington and I opted for the Lancaster Court Hotel as it was in the area (about three blocks way from Paddington Station) and, specifically, because it was so inexpensive. As I quickly discovered, you get what you pay for. I had paid a 40% supplement for a shower in my room, which I got. It was, literally, a shower stall inside the bedroom (about 1 foot away from the bed) along with a basin, but there was no toilet. That was outside in the hallway bathroom. I was also given a room on the fifth floor and the hotel does not have an elevator. Breakfast, which is included, consists of toast, orange juice, and coffee or tea. The entrance to the hotel is perfectly fine and I appreciated the security (entrance always locked, reception always manned). Also, the staff was lovely. However, I have stayed in nicer places in Paddington for about the same so do your research.	
Oct 21 2009 	no volvería ni gratis		
Apr 21 2009 	Accettabile senza pretese		
Jun 24 2008 	superbe acceuil		
Nov 17 2007	Merveilleux souvenir à Londre		
