Nov 22 2009 	Great positition lovely staff...	Travelling alone, I found the staff to be very helpful. I was given a downstairs room which was quite large, furnished very nicely and a lovely bathroom...Breakfast was simple but enjoyable. I stayed for 6 nights and enjoyed every moment of my time.	
Nov 18 2009 	What a fabulous little gem of a hotel!	My husband and I were very pleasantly suprised by the New Linden hotel, it is only a 5 minute walk from bayswater underground, in a pleasant area. The hotel is beautifully furnished, the staff are very polite and the breakfast area is light &amp; airy with a very nice continental selection for breakfast. The room we stayed in (only a standard double) was a decent size with lovely decor, the ensuite was tiny but perfectly adequate, my husband loved the power shower,( however,the only negative point for me was, from a female point of view, the fixed shower head is not ideal unless you are able to do handstands!!)The hotel has a locked luggage room which saved us having to lug our suitcases around on the last day. All in all we loved the place and will definitely return.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good start to our holiday	Our first night in London, was a friendly, well situated place, our room was a bit small, but good, and the weather was hotter than expected, so was good to be able to open the window. Great location, close to lots of good pubs, and the tube.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very Nice .. has a good family room	After weighing up reviews v price we settled on the New linden as it was reasonably priced ( not cheap ) for its reviews . First impressions created by the bright marble foyer were v good and the hotel lived up to this , Service was friendly , particularly the dining room staff , Our room which was a split level family room was nice , well appointed and well decorated. The only negative and a small one was the distance from the tube for us a family with 3 young kids , the 10 min. walk to Bayswater ,after long days in London we could have done without but all in all a lovely hotel and yes I'ld go back .....	
Oct 25 2009 	Fabulous.	Stayed here with friends and we were delighted with all aspects of the hotel. We were upgraded to a suite on arrival which was fab-plenty of space, clean and modern. The hotel staff were incredibly helpful and went above and beyond the call of duty-one chap even stood by our car whilst we took our bags up to the room to avoid a parking ticket. They did offer to get our bags from the car and carry them in - what a wonderful gesture.Bathroom was spotlessly clean, loads of hot water and choice of shower or bath. We could not fault the hotel and are certain we will stay again on our next visit.	
Sep 27 2009 	Oasis in perfect location.	We could not believe our luck with this hotel. It is superbly located, only a brief walk to Bayswater Station, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park and Notting Hill. The shops and restaurants at the end of the street in Westbourne Grove are fantastic. The hotel staff were helpful and accomodating. The area is very pretty and safe. The value was very good and the comprehensive breakfast set us up for a day of sightseeing. We will be back!	
Sep 4 2009 	Lovely break!	Lovely modern hotel, in great location. Staff couldn't do enough for us.	
Aug 11 2009 	great hotel	spent long weekend in the linden its a very chic and modern with a lot of work gone into the detail our double was quite small particularly for wardrobe space but for what time we spent there it was fine.cool bathroom and great shower...its really peaceful but only a short walk to the busy queensway area with good bars and restaurants with a great buzz into the early hours(bars close usual time though)....loved the persian cafes ...two mins to tube and hyde park......reception very friendly and helpful...	
Jul 8 2009	Rooms are very small	I stayed with my sister at this hotel for 5 nights. The first twin room they gave us was on the third floor. What a shock we got when we entered the room. They had sqeezed two twin beds into what we would say was cupboard size. There was not even one drawer to put your clothes into. There was one stupid single wardrope with only three coathangers. The bathroom was very small and when you took a shower the floor got soaked as there was no curtain on it. There was no way that wwe could have stayed in that room, by the way it was room no. 307 please do not accept this. There was another floor above us and the rooms were even smaller.As we paid £100 per night there was no way that we would accept this. We went and complained and they said that they couldn't give us another room until the next morning. The room they offered us was in the basement and the window looked onto a brick wall. It was slightly larger, but at least it had a wardrope for our clothes. We didn't feel completely safe as you had to keep the window open because of the heat in the room as there is no air condition, but the window had to be closed at night. We will not go back to this hotel as we asked to see their largest twin rooms and they were also too small. The doubles were also far too small. some with the beds right at the windows next to outside stairs. Not very safe.	
Jul 7 2009 	tiny rooms!	We booked this hotel through a last minute type website and did get a very good rate. The hotel was clean and well presented, but our room was absolutely tiny. I have never stayed in such a small room, it was ridiculous. I think it was a single room that they had added another twin bed to (we had booked a twin room). The beds were pushed together and you had to climb over one bed to get to the other. The bathroom was lovely, but no bath, and very small. Having no air con in such a small room made an okay but small room turn into hell! Breakfast was ok, but very basic.	
Jun 28 2009 	nice budget hotel	I stayed for 1 night in this hotel and I really like it because the room itself is clean,have a nice toilet and shower the water is abundant,the bed allocated to me is double bed with large mirror on the wall,have a flat television and complete with kettle/sugar/coffee/milk.The breakfast is also delicious and there was various selection of food. The location is very quite,it takes 10 minutes walk to the nearest tube station of bayswater nearby is the tube station of queensway. The receptionists are very approachable/courteous.Its highly recommendable to other tourists.	
Jun 26 2009 	Clean and newly refurbished throughout	The experience was very plesant from start to finish. The staff at desk were very friendly and also the restaurant staff. The room was a twin and had ample space was newly refurbished and clean. The shower room decorated in black and white tiles had a great power shower with 6 extra side jets with plenty of power. The only complaint would be that the extractor fan didn't work so became steamy. The Bayswater area has loads of restaurants for different tastes. Tube station was 5 minute walk away and Kensington gardens only 10 min walk away.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great friendly service.	This is a really nice hotel, in a good location. It is in easy walking distance to many tube stations. Being a residential area it is more quiet. Our room was small (typical London) and well appointed, with a great bathroom. Our room (304) although next to the lift, was still quiet. The staff here are excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Only points off for breakfast being rather ordinary.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great value and location	Ideal location near lots of restaurants in Queensway and Bayswater. Particularly like the 4 Seasons Chinese near Bayswater tube station.Staff very friendly and when I phoned reception for an iron and ironing board at 6.15 am. One was delivered within 5 minutes.Although my room ws very good value it was hard to sleep as it was in the basement adjacent to the lift shaft and ws very noisy, some acoustic boarding is defintely required between the party wall and the base of the lift shaft.Breakfast was adequate but embarrassingly they had a bowl entitled fruit compot which was straight from a tin of Fruit Salad or Fruit Cocktail. Given there were three woman on duty in the breakfast area and the availability of fresh fruit in London I fail to see how a quick bowl of freshly prepared diced fruit, soaked in fresh fruit juice could not be provided.In spite of the above I'd definitely return, I just hope they have sorted out the breakfast.	
Feb 23 2009 	Simply Stunning	Stayed at the New Linden in January 2009, I tried to book at 20 Nevern Square but they were fully booked, the kind receptionist recommended the New Linden.The hotel has had a extensive refurbishment and is beautifully designed. The reception area in Black marble is simply class. The aroma of fresh flowers as you enter is soothing and calm. The receptionist was very friendly and the check-in was professional. The room was decorated to a high standard with a flat screen TV, free wireless, tea/coffee facilities in the room. I missed 20 Nevern as all hot beverages are on request (me being lazy).The Breakfast was good but needs improvement, more fresh fruit, fresh juices. I spoke the Manager on my departure as I was very impressed with my experience and would not hesitate staying here again if Nevern Square is full. He has assured me that the breakfast will be changed in the coming months and will be on par with Nevern Square.	
Feb 14 2009 	good hotel positive experience	I stayed with a friend for a long week end in London and we're very glad we had chosen this New Linden Hotel. First, location: it's very good, close to both Bayswater and Notting Hill Gate tube stations in a nice and tranquil area of the town.Then, staff: all guys at reception were very helpful, smiling and professionals. Also staff at the breakfast was good and willing to serve all their guest.Hotel: reception is nice and well designed, with a mix of modern and oriental furnitures and a comfortable reading room with alsointernet access (to pay). Our twin room was not that large (but it seems to be an usual problem of most of London hotels), but recently refurbished to a very good standard with wooden floor, flat screen tv, coffee/tea maker, in room safe and a good bathroom. The only problems were sometimes in regulating the temperatures (often too hot) and some noises from rooms above us due probably to a &quot;light&quot; floor insulation. But not much to complain...So, it was a very good hotel experience (in part. compared to other previous stays in London...).	
Dec 24 2008 	enjoyed my stay	This is a newly refurbished hotel, which was a pleasant surprise for me. I didn't expect to get a room here but was sent there because of a mix up at its sister hotel Twenty Nevern Square in Earls Court.The staff at both hotels were extremely helpful and courteous and for my troubles I got upgraded to a suite on the ground floor.This was an excellent room, really nice four poster bed, wooden flooring and a bathroom which was newly done up and had two sinks! Good flat screen TV too.The hotel is about 8 minutes walk from Bayswater Tube and it's large number of shops and restaurants. You have to try Khan's - one of the best Indian Restaurants in London.Loses one star for breakfast which is only just bearable. But that's not the most important thing...	
Jul 28 2008 	expensive for what you get.	this is a quaint little hotel in a nice location.However, my feelings are biased by 30c heat with no a/c and no fridge. Maybe they wish to save on electricity and call themselves a green hotel. Who knows.Of course, the staff in the main lobby are all enjoying cool air from their a/c. This may possibly explain why they didn't really care about giving us any fans when asked. I will not stay here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Good Value	The reviews on this hotel are quite mixed, and we are among the people for whom the experience was positive. We stayed at the New Linden for a couple of nights (we booked at the last minute on laterooms.com and paid 94 GBP per night for 2 adults, inclusive of tax and breakfast). The hotel is advertised as a 4-star hotel on websites, but realistically it is a 3-star. With that in mind, it turned out to be overall good value (especially compared to other hotels in the same neighbourhood where doubles cost 150-200 GBP a night). The location is great; it's within easy walking distance from Bayswater station and very close to Westbourne Grove's shops, cafes and restaurants, and a stroll to Portobello Road. We had a double room on the top floor (reachable via the slowest lift in the world): it was quite small, but very clean and quiet with a very nice view and a modern, pleasant bathroom.	
Jul 8 2008	Nice small hotel	We have just returned from a 3-day stay at the New Linden Hotel. It was a mostly positive experience. Check-in was only after 2pm but I was able to leave my bags in the luggage room in the basement when I arrived at 1pm. Our twin room (401) was on the 4th (top) floor, easily accessible by lift (although sometimes we had to wait rather a long time for the lift to appear!). The room was pleasant and nicely decorated, not particularly large but we were not in London to stay in our room all day! The main problem I encountered was the positioning of the mirror in relation to the plug socket, which made using a hairdryer very difficult. I would suggest that the mirror be placed on the wall rather than inside the (very small) cupboard/wardrobe space. The breakfast room (in the basement) was also very nicely decorated. Not a huge choice of breakfast but sufficient (nice coffee!). The staff were pleasant but perhaps not entirely on the ball as regards billing. I settled my bill the day before departure, but the following day they could find no trace in their system of the payment I had made. Luckily I had kept my credit card receipt as proof of payment. The hotel is very close (5-10 mins walk) to Bayswater tube station (Circle line), a little further to Queensway tube station. Buses leave from Queensway to Oxford Street. In short, in an ideal position to reach all parts of London. To summarize, I would stay in this hotel again and recommend it to other visitors to London.	
Jul 3 2008 	awful stay no privacy!	From Southport UK30/06/2008We have just come back from a nights stay in this hotel, we booked a luxury suite as it was are anniversary, The checking in was fine nice reception staff, however when we got to are room although it was a good size, we went to the window and pulled the blind up to reveal that are window opened out to the decking terrace for hotel guests! As you can imagine no privacy as the bed was right next to the window, it was such a hot day no a/c in the room we coudnt have the window open and the blind had to be kept down at all times. There were guests out there from early morning till very late at night because of the smoking ban, this room should not be used anymore. Also little details like no remote for the plasma tv, the washing room must have been directly below us as we floor was vibrating, the pillows were on the bed were awful, the breakfast was miss match! If you go and you get room 12 ask to change straight away because thats what you will get unless you like strangers staring at you in bed! £ 150 For a night not worth it, we tried to get our money back and the hotel manager was so rude and said she would only refund £ 15 what a joke!! we would never stay in this holel again.	
May 16 2008 	Very good surprise	Having read the afwul reviews below, I arrived at the hotel with some fear. Well, the surprise was very, very positive and I want to share it. The building works are obviously finished (10 may) and the hotel looks new, fresh and above all spotless clean. We got a small room in the basement - very common in those old houses - but were very pleased with it. It had obviously been refurbished recently. The breakfast room was large enough and very clean, and the food rather good for that quality of hotel. Very good service in general, except from the rude person at the reception. This area of London is lovely, I would surely recommand this hotel, which is of course not a palace but is more than satisfying for its category. The location near the Bayswater tube station and many restaurants made our stay easy and enjoyable. Only negative aspect: the website does NOT correspond at all to how the hotel looks like. Just be aware of it ;-)	
May 10 2008 	The New Linden with Kids	My wife and three children - 11 and under - stayed at the New Linden and were very pleased. We stayed in the only two-room suite that they offer and it was charming. The hotel staff was gracious and accommodating and we felt welcome. We were able to go into our room early on arrival. In addition, they have a secure room to store luggage temporarily, should you need a place to store it before your room is ready and/or after check-out.	
Apr 12 2008 	Good Hotel although a little cosy on room sizes	We stayed at this Hotel with some trepidation, having read the previous reviews. We were pleasantly surprised, as it is very clean &amp; fresh with a very contemporary feel. We stayed in a &quot;Large&quot; room, which was tiny, god help those who stay in anything smaller.The room we had must've been recently refurbished, as it was like new. The &quot;bath&quot; was interesting...it was more like a plunge pool, very compact. Excellent fixtures &amp; fittings &amp; clean &amp; warmThis Hotel is excellent for light travellers who stay for a couple of days at most, I think longer stays may be a little claustrophobic, otherwise I can recommend this place.	
Apr 10 2008 	Prepare to be somewhat dissapointed...	The building work at this hotel is now almost finished, it is only the lounge that is still being worked on (I stayed there 8-9th March). However, the work on the lounge is creating a lot of dust in the reception area!I got a good deal on this hotel through laterooms.com. I stayed two nights in room 102, this was a very small double room (I was lucky i had it to myself!) but was very quiet, just a little street noise from buses, and in the summer it could be quite a pleasant room as it has a large balcony (though without any furniture to enjoy it!). My friend came to stay at the hotel for the second night and stayed in room 12 - this was a much much bigger room and much more stylish, BUT this room has a vibrating bed due to the boiler system for the hotel being right underneath, BEWARE! She couldnt sleep and as there were no other rooms she moved to the futon at the other end of her room and it was ok.. Not ideal of course! I thought the hotel was really quite ok for a short stay, but i felt it was misleading in some of its descriptions, and indeed it downright lies in the photos on its website - that picture of the breakfast room is NOT the breakfast room! The breakfast room is in fact a very dull basement which reminded me of my sixth form canteen. We experienced the rooms to be of really variable quality. My room seemed to have been a very half hearted attempt at refurbishment, fittings were done very badly, and there was a massive mark next to the bed where replastering had been done over the paintwork, very ugly!! Some of the furniture in the room was very cheap and old and just dragged it down to shabby b&amp;b style. Overall, if you can accept that the hotel will not be quite what it seems, it really isnt a bad bet!	
Feb 1 2008 	Extreme Building Works Going On....Be Careful	I fail to understand any remote connection between this hotels website and the actual reality of the hotel...AT ALL. Also, In the reviews on here last October '07, now almost into Feb '08 - there are STILL major building works going on. Not being pre-warned takes away a decision that you can make - put up with it - or dont book - without knowledge of any building works its a bit of a shock. We could NOT get down the corridor to our room as it was full of eastern european builders, wires and dust sheets - to take a quick hours rest before going out was impossible as DIRECTLY outside of our door there is drilling and shouting - toe nail clippings on the bathroom floor w ERE also a disgusting welcome.All round a VERY, VERY Shite experience with rude, foreign staff and ...and...well just small, dissapointing and dirty, a building site. Breakfast was terrible....chicory style cheap coffee in silver self pumps, dry croissants, cereals or salami...take it or leave it.One of the worst hotels I have experienced in a long long time.TAKE CARE WHEN BOOKING - THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A FREE LUNCH..........	
Jan 15 2008 	Don't take the cat	We often check trip advisor before booking a hotel, and tend to take the comments about small rooms with a pinch of salt this being London and all. We booked the New Linden Hotel as an overnight stop off in London as we were on our way to Scotland for the week and just needed somewhere to sleep. The hotel website promises newly refurbished rooms, which should re being refurbished. During the works the main entrance is through the fire escape to the side of the hotel and i had to dodge painters to get to my room which was in the basement. This really was a small room, so small that we had to put the suitcase in front of the door, otherwise we couldn't get in the bathroom. Open plan shower which looks nice but no practical with the slippery tiles. Simply decorated and clean, but one would imagine very dull even in summer as no natural light (or air) The main problem with the refurbishment is that they have decided to lay tiles throughout (even in the bedroom) which may look nice but makes the whole place echo and very noisy what with people clip clopping across the floor. Being situated next to the staircase didn't help as it banged closed every time someone went through it. Breakfast was adequate, don't drink the tea which was brown water.	
Nov 22 2007	Good value for money	The rooms are a little small BUT don't let this put you off. The place is spotless clean and the people friendly. Our room was (as expected small) however the furnishings, bathroom, TV etc. etc. were all top notch. Only a few stops from the theatres and Bayswater has some lovely restaurants. Great value for money hotel. LP	
Oct 21 2007 	Work needs to be done on this place	Our travel agent booked us into the New Linden Hotel for 5 nights and from what we saw on their website we were very impressed - how we were so wrong!! Upon arrival the lady on Reception took us down to our room in the basment. This area is being renovated totally and to get to your room you have to work through a construction site - great safety!! Our room had dirty coffee cups laying around and the room was so small you could barely put your bags inside the door (this is no exageration, the room was tiny!) Next door there was a noisy generator running. After we complained about the room size the lady put us into a family suite for the night saying that we be charged extra until something can be sorted out with the Manager the following morning. I tried to call our travel agent that night but alas all the phones were not working and upon asking Reception to use their phone, we were told that this was not allowed and that we would need to use a pay phone in the lobby. This phone turned out to be faulty! The night staff man was helpful in at least getting us a better room above ground level for the remaining 4 nights and we were not charged extra thankfully.The breakfast arrangements were nothing short of disasterous with Reception failing to tell us that you need to book a table each night for the following morning! There was a long line of people waiting to be seated and none of the seemed to be happy at all about this arrangement, we instead of choosing to wait went out to breakfast where there is an excellent choice of cafe's that serve full English breakfasts at a great price. New Linden Hotel's breakfast looked terrible and the breakfast room was so small and was totally unorganised.On 2 seperate nights the fire alarm went off in the middle night and on night it went off on no less than 12 seperate occasions. Reception said that it was a faulty smoke detector!The lift was like something from the middle ages, it took forever to move and you waited an eternity for it to arrive. The call buttons did not light up on several floors.The hotel has no air conditioning at all so you need to have the windows open all the times. The window locks were broken and one window pane was cracked.We found a lot of the day staff to be very adrupt and rude and found English difficult to understand and when asked for the simplest requests like to borrow an ironing board and iron, they became exasperated and tried to make excuses for not assisting you. The toilet frequently blocked and it required a half dozen flushes for it to clear properly.Please do not be fooled by their fancy website, it is misleading and is not good value for money. For the money we paid we expected far better service and facilities. The website it presents is nothing like the real experience we had and we found that other people were checking out earlier than planned because of the poor service and facilities. Often when passing through the lobby we overheard guests complaining about various things. We would have checked out the first night but there was nothing else available at that time.Hopefully this review will prevent others from having the same experience as us because in order to to get half decent service in this Hotel you need to jump up and down and complain to get anywhere.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great value for money	Nice and tidy rooms, just renovated. Everything worked well, really great value for money! On the down side the way from the tube to the hotel is rather long.	
Sep 23 2007	Stuffy and overpriced	We stayed in this hotel three nights. Although this hotel is new and being refurbished it still has a long way to go. We initially were given a twin room instead of the double as requested when booked. Our room had two single beds pushed together and not enough room to walk around them and barely enough room for the cases on the floor without tripping over them. We complained and got sent to a double room even smaller and with the bed jammed up against the wall. We complained again and were told that the hotel was full and so we therefore went back to the first room. Later we were told we could move the next day to another room which was in the basement, but were told renovations were being done, so we decided not to take this option as noise commenced early in the morning. We also pointed out that the rooms were incredibly stuffy (it was only a mild 20 outside) and asked about air con - only to be told no hotel in the area had any air com. They also tried to put us in our place by saying that we had been given a good deal as we had only paid 75 pound, so we should more or less be grateful. In the morning we waited for the lift for 5-10 minutes before it finally reached the lst floor. In the end we should have either stayed in the room or gone outside for breakfast. Breakfast was terrible. Although we had only paid for a continental breakfast it was way below standard. It consisted of stale french bread and croissants, cold boiled eggs, salami, cheese, tin fruit, yoghurt and stewed coffee and tea or reconstituted juice. I asked to have my gluten free bread toasted and the reply I got was - no toaster - obviously the extent of the english spoken by staff. Staff were stacking dishes into plastic containers in the fire lobby with no sink or other facilities in sight. To complicate their job and our comfort, guests had grown tired of waiting for the lift and were coming down the fire escape and through the already cramped breakfast room, squeezing between other guests with their luggage. Great fire safety and health regulations in place!! Although the furnishings were new and the rooms cleaned daily, they definately should review the layout. Apart from most of the rooms being tiny the bathrooms are a really bad design. With the shower turned on the entire bathroom becomes drenched. The walls were thin and people were easily heard next door - not great in the early hours of the morning when you had just got to sleep in your stuffy room. The window couldn't be left open as it opened from the bottom and you could go onto a balcony shared by about four other rooms so was unsafe to leave open. Guests are warned not to eat in the rooms as the furnishings are expensive and they wouldl charge for any damage. Fair enough but we felt it treated us like small children and anyway we felt it rather pointless as who doesn't eat in their room at some stage. Our phone also wasn't working, neither the safety box. We had to wait for it to be fixed before going out for the day. Overall I think this hotel probably is getting customers because of their flash web site. Unfortunately we didn't strike it lucky and get one of those rooms shown - who ever does? They also need to get their act together and splurge on some english speaking staff rather than spending their money on the expensive furnishings. Although the staff worked very hard we felt quite sorry for them as they more than likely are paid a pittance.	
Sep 13 2007	avoid this hotel!	I made a reservation through the internet 3 weeks before departure for a single room for 1 night at New Linden Hotel. At my arrival, the receptionist informed me that she had no room available for me as there were overbookings. Needless to say this is inacceptable especially because the hotel had all the time to send me an email so I could arrange another reservation. The hotel send me to another place called Vancouver studios, where they offered me a room for a higher price and without breakfast (which was of course included in my reservation of the New Linden Hotel). After lots of discussions, they finally agreed to give me the same price for the room, breakfast included....(4 yoghurts and a croissant that I had to take with me the night before in my room). I am astonished to see this kind of behaviour and I strongly recommend everyone to avoid bookings at the New Linden Hotel!	
Sep 3 2007 	Good Location	The Hotel is small but it is in a fantastic location. Cant fault that. On arrivial I got sent to 4 different rooms till the receptionsit got me into mine. All rooms had ocupants in them. A little bit annoying for all of us!! I was in the basement, the room for the price was fine. In london its all about LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!	
Jul 24 2007 	Mixed feelings	Great location, excellent value, spotlessly clean but we were messed around with our booking. We requested a double and a single room for myself my husband and my daughter but after having confirmed this, the hotel proceeded to put us in a triple room which we did not want. There was alot of to-ing and fro-ing and in the end we were given what we had asked for however the double room was tiny and very hot. we asked for another room which the staff dutifully found for us and this was perfect- in the basement but newly renovated and spacious.All in all we were very happy with our choice and it was excellent value for money but the early negotiations were most annoying. The staff at all times were helpful and friendly and I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 20 2007 	A suprisingly nice hotel	I and my husband stayed in New Linden Hotel for a week in July, and were positively suprised of the hotel after reading peoples critics. It's a nice hotel for such a reasonable price we had by online booking. The location was excellent, near shops and restaurants, but still in a quiet neighbourhood. We even managed to find our way back to the hotel every day (a comment to an earlier review here), but you may need a map to find your way in London anyway. The room was very nicely decorated and clean, the bathroom had a good shower and even a mixing water tap (you know, warm and cold water comes from the same tap, somehow not a matter of course in Britain). The breakfast room was a bit crowded at times, but the breakfast was descent. The hotel staff was friendly.The only thing we found negative, was the lack of proper ventilation in the room, and we had to keep the window open to get some fresh air in. Also the sound isolation was not the best, but I have never seen a hotel where you don't hear any noises of other people gabbling in the hallways. So, we would gladly stay there again.	
Jul 8 2007	Nice hotel but don't expect a working phone in your room!	This hotel was nice--room (ours was a triple--three twin beds) was clean and well-equipped. The bathroom was newly renovated with slate tile floor and counter with plenty of counter space. My main complaint was that our room phone didn't work. I asked at the front desk and the shy clerk said they were having trouble with the switchboard, but I could tell by her response that they were in no hurry to rectify the problem. Tough luck. I had to walk about a block to a pay phone to make calls, until I finally took them up on their offer to use the office phone in a small room near the front desk, but I sacrificed my privacy. Also, the design of the shower in the room was faulty--there is no curtain, just a partial wall that does not prevent water from spraying out onto the floor. Also, I thought the location was very confusing. We got lost finding our way back to the hotel one night and even people we asked along the way didn't know where it was. I would not stay there again--mainly because of its location and its indifferent staff.	
Jul 6 2007	Surprisingly Awful...	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in May for a romantic weekend getaway. We picked the hotel because of the pleasant location and good price. Online reviews looked decent and we were certain we booked at a nice place. We were wrong...Despite receiving several reassurances that if a room were vacant the night before, they would accommodate our early check-in, we arrived only to find that although a room was free, we were not allowed to check in until the manager arrived to give her okay. We waited for three hours and half an hour after the manager was due to arrive, we asked the receptionist for an update. Apparently, the manager could take up to another hour to get there. Considering the size of the small reception area where we sat waiting, it shocked us that she did not have the courtesy to tell us that info. My boyfriend and I sat there waiting as we watched her offer other early arrivers breakfast. Not only were we not offered breakfast, but we would have gladly left to grab breakfast if we had known the wait would be so long. We finally decided to go out and get something to eat because not only were we hungry and tired, we were disgusted by the unprofessional way staff carried on conversation. FOR YOUR INFORMATION, when the staff finds anything you leave behind, despite what the receptionist tells you over the phone about how hard they are trying to recover your belonging, they actually trash everything they find. Useful information such as this surfaced as we sat there listening to staff members yelling at each other about how unreasonable hotel guests can be. When we returned later at check-in time, the manager was still nowhere in sight but at least our room was ready. The bathroom is incredibly small and due to new regulations of hygiene, the showers have no door so everything got wet, including the toilet. The towel we put on the ground took all day to dry. The room, being newly renovated, had a nice bed. But it stops there. The TV was broken and the window hinge was broken. We called the reception with the room phone but could not get through. After two more tries, we walked downstairs only to find out that we were supposed to magically know to dial a different number for the front desk, which is separate from the number provided for reception. If that were the case, not only did they not provide that number we needed to call in our room, but nobody picks up the phone at &quot;reception.&quot; They decided that they could try to find someone to come fix the cable in our room. The first guy came in and tried, but did not succeed. The second guy then came in and claimed it was fixed. He fixed the channel he was using as a sample but the other channels still did not work. Finally, we gave up.The nap would have been decent if we were not able to hear everything in the room next to us. We could hear the TV, we could hear the guest speak, we could hear the guest drink, we could hear the guest walk around... The next morning, we went down to breakfast. The breakfast staff was nice but the food was not fresh. The egg yolk was graying in the hard boiled eggs and the bread was getting extremely chewy...All in all, the experience would not have been so bad if the hotel staff were just a little more polite or professional. We are rational and reasonable people but found the actions and tone by the front desk staff really surprising. They were snobby towards us because we booked through the internet and had lower rates. They did not try to cater to our needs. They complained in front of guests about other guests and hotel staff. They were hesitant to offer information or alternative advice...If you need a good reason to avoid future vacations, take your loved one to New Linden just once and your problem is solved!!!	
Jun 12 2007 	Good Location	We have stayed at New Linden Hotel in November 2006 and June 2007.The best thing about the hotel is its location. Hotel is in about 2 minutes walking distance to Bayswater and Queensway Stations. There are lots of restaurants and local shops nearby. The rooms are clean and well furnished, but the walls are very thin and the rooms (like number 7-8-9-10 etc.) at basement are tiny and a bit claustrophobic. Breakfast is satisfactory. Price is reasonable. Staff is friendly. Tuba _ Dincer, Istanbul,Turkey	
May 18 2007 	Nice clean friendly small	This hotel is a nice find. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are newly renovated and clean. We had a twin room with two twin beds and a small bath with shower. The breakfast was also a nice plus as it came with the price of the room.The location is good because it's in a quiet residential neighborhood while still being just a couple of blocks off Bayswater Street which has shops and restaurants. We were able to walk to a larger nearby hotel and catch the &quot;Big Bus&quot; tour.I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again on another trip to London.	
May 16 2007 	Location is the only plus	The only positive thing that I can say about the New Linden Hotel is its location in the Bayswater area of London. It is on the doorstep of a vast array of really nice restaurants and bars etc. However, with regard to the hotel itself.....I stayed in the New Linden Hotel in April 2007 with work colleagues - I was attending a training conference in a nearby hotel. Unfortunately we were unable to obtain accommodation in that hotel so we settled on the New Linden because of its location. When we arrived on Sunday evening, there was no record of our booking details. We had booked three single superior rooms and initially we were told that the three of us would have to share a double room?! I get on very well with my work colleagues but I thought that this was a bit familiar! Eventually we were given three rooms - two doubles and a triple room - certainly not what we ordered. Another aspect that was worrying was that it was insisted that we pay for the duration of our stay upfront - something I always find peculiar.The following morning, just before I was about to leave for my conference, I was told that it would be necessary for me to vacate the room that I was in immediately. I explained that I was about to leave for a conference but it seemed to fall on deaf ears. I literally threw all my clothes back in my suitcase and left it in my colleague's room. I was informed that my new room would be available that evening. As a direct result of this delay I was late for my conference.At 5.15pm I arrived at the hotel and asked to speak to the manager. A young woman at reception, no more than 25, announced that she was the manager. I took her word for it as none of the staff at the New Linden display name badges showing the titles within the hotel. I outlined the circumstances of what had happened and after fumbling with papers, making a telephone call and leaving a message on the staff member's mobile phone who was on reception that morning, she went to check a room and arrived back five minutes later to announce that my room was ready.At this stage I was understandably frustrated. I said to her that I hoped that I would be compensated for all this inconvenience. She said quite breezily &quot;No, there will be no compensation. Anyway, what do you want compensation for? Waiting for two minutes?&quot; At this stage I literally exploded. I launched into a tirade about the incompetence of the staff and the very evident problem of a lack of communication and the fact that I was late for my conference. She nodded throughout my talk and said that she would investigate the matter and revert to me the following day. Needless to say, she did not. In fact, after that day, I never saw the manager on the premises again.On examination of my new room, the best way to describe it was a patterned cell. It was on the fourth floor in an attic room (this was while the lift was out of order for the entire duration of my stay). This was allegedly a single superior, simply because it had been renovated recently. The room was tiny and the bathroom was definitely not for the claustrophobic. I queried the definition of a single superior with the aforementioned manager and she clarified that this was indeed a single superior. I would not have liked to have seen a regular single. I was offered the opportunity to change to a twin room the following day if I willing to repack my suitcase again. I declined this offer as I didn't intend on relocating to another room yet again.The breakfast was very non-descript and I can safely say that the staff who worked in the breakfast room were among the saddest I have ever seen. Never once did I see anyone smile who worked there. Then again, if I had to endure working in that premises I would probably feel the same.This review may seem excessively long but I feel that it is necessary to highlight all these facts to fellow travellers.For stg £69 a night, please find somewhere else to stay.	
Apr 26 2007 	Clean updated but small	A reasonable priced hotel, west of the busy part of London and near the tube, It had very narrow hallways and staircases, and our room was quite small. My daughters room was larger and had only a shower but a nice size bathroom. It was 9&amp;10. The staff were great and the breakfast were the same and average. It was safe, very clean, and near shopping.	
Apr 11 2007 	Very satisfied good facilities safe area	We stayed in beginning of April 07 in a double room on the first floor. Although the room had an adjoining door with the next one, our nights were rather quiet (however, if the people on the next door were loud, then it might have been a problem). The hotel is situated on a very nice area, lovely buildings, quiet streets and absolutely safe. Getting the tube is pretty convenient, the nearest tube is Bayswater and Queensway, about 6-7 min walk, the Notting Hill gate is a bit further, say 10 min. There are many shops in the area, such as Boots, Tesco, fast-food, cafes and shopping-centres, so if you need to buy anything, all are near without however being next to the hotel which keeps it in a quiet spot. We had to pay the full amount upon arrival, although i would prefer to do this on the check out; thank God, we had a good stay and eventually we do not regret paying them upon our arrival.The room was small but adequate enough, i think this is standard for many hotels in London. The room was cleaned and towels were changed on a daily basis, which was great. We enjoyed our sleep on the double bed and the toilet and shower were very nice - hot water throughout the day - shower gel, 2in1 shampoo and soaps.Breakfast was adequate - continental which included milk, cereals, yogurt, fruit, cheese, marmelades, honey, cheese, ham, nice selection of croissants and bread, coffee and tea; enought to get you through the day - however, it would be great if they could have a more variety of cheese and ham. Breakfast is served below the ground floor, but the room is nicely decorated and has natural light.Staff were very friendly - on the first day the remote control of our TV was not working and they quickly replaced it with another one, sth that shows that they care about their guests. They also booked us a taxi upon our departure although it was very early in the morning. It is a 24hr reception - unlike other hotels or b&amp;b in the UK - which is great, you don't have to worry about what time you'll arrive or depart from the hotel, there's always someone available. There is also a lift, which is convenient.I might be able to also put up on the website some of my candid photos. All in all, we had a good stay and were satisfied with the services and the hotel. I had done a quite exhausting search of hotels via the trip advisor and could not believe the things i was reading for other hotels or b&amp;b... So, we were relieved to stay with this hotel (or lucky because of the room we had). I recommend this hotel for your stays.	
Apr 3 2007 	Mind the gap...	We stayed at the New Linden for a short break to London at the end of March 2007. We requested a room on a high-floor (best for reduction of noise) and were allocated room 405 (top floor). We didn't spend much time in the hotel, as this was a site-seeing break, but overall, we had a great stay and this hotel was more than adequate. We stayed for 2 nights B&amp;B.Don't let the website pictures fool you, it seems only a handful of the rooms are decorated to this standard, but the hotel is undergoing major refurbishment (no work going on whilst we were there) so it must be taking some time to get through all the rooms. The room was on the small side but not as much as some seen in pictures, and this is expected in London. Our bathroom had been refurbished and was excellent but the rest of the room had only been “tarted” up, presumably in readiness for a major overhaul. They liked their heating on at the hotel (!) but we were able to turn off the radiators in our room, keeping it cool and of course, opening the window on the top floor was fine as there was no noise. The room was cleaned on each day and replacement towels issued, which was above-average service I thought.The rates are very reasonable for London and considering it is in a high-class area. We booked via an online discount hotels website and paid only £85 per night for a double room, this included a continental breakfast. The breakfast was a small selection of cereals, tinned fruit, ham/cheese, yoghurt, etc, and was disappointing (I like my toast &amp; fry-ups whilst on holiday!) but explainable by the fact they did not seem to have a kitchen with any cooking facilities.The location of the hotel is superb. About 10-15 mins walk from either Bayswater or Notting Hill Gate tube stations and in a lovely, quiet area. Notting Hill is a stone’s throw away and we enjoyed a walk down Portobello Road on one night, then back towards the centre of Notting Hill for a meal. We went to Leicester Square for our other evening meal. We also walked from the hotel to Hyde Park, being only about 20 mins away. We used the tube for everything else – makes it a doddle to get from place to place.The staff were not native English-speaking (neither were most of the other guests!), but friendly enough and we were able to get by without any problems. We had to pay in full on check-in and check-out by 10am on our day of departure. As our train home was not until late evening, we simply left the bags in the luggage room (a small hut in the basement), then returned to collect them later in the day.We weren’t looking for anywhere other than a crash-pad for this trip so if you’re looking for somewhere reasonably priced but still in a good area for your site-seeing trip to London, this hotel is ideal. We had a great short break to London and a comfortable stay at the New Linden.	
Mar 28 2007	Share your room with a stranger!	I stayed in room 108 of the New Linden Hotel. The hotel itself was clean and the room was nice, if a little small. There was however one huge problem.... the room was joined to room 110 by a door that might as well have been a sheet of paper. I could hear every word said next door, I could hear the kettle boil and I could even hear someone opening toothpaste or something similar (and I dont have especially good hearing!)The following day of my trip was ruined when the people in room 110 stayed up until 3am... having had very little sleep that night - despite plugging in my ipod to block out the noise. It was truly one of the worst nights sleep I can remember and I would therefore not recommend staying in this hotel (unless you take very good earplugs with you!)	
Feb 27 2007 	Fantastic stay	Very nice small cosy hotel. Just a little bit old fashioned but in line with other historical buildings around in the district. Room is okay and staff was friendly (not english native), breakfast was fine also (good start for a tourist sightseeing tour every day). Location is absolutely great, close to Kensington park gardens and Notting Hill district .. closest underground station cca. 10min walk (Bayswater,Queensway)..its located in quiet street and within walking distance are located shops and fastfoods.	
Feb 13 2007	A Nice Little Hotel	We spent four nights in the New Linden. After searching the web and looking at so many bad hotels in London, I was relieved to find this one. We stayed in a Triple Room which was very comfortable and well furnished. There were two large wardrobes, a trouser press and also a personal safe. The en-suite was also of a very high quality, tiled throughout. Members of staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast was included. It could have been a bit better, the choice was a bit limited. The Hotel itself is ideally situated(Bayswater/Notting Hill Gate) for central London. The nearest tube station is Bayswater, 10 mins walk. Overall, we were very impressed with the New Linden and would stay there again on a return trip.	
Jan 31 2007	Exremely warm!!!!!!!!!!	I booked this Hotel via the internet(I got a very good deal) for my daughter and I for one night only as we wanted somewhere close to the center for shopping the next day. On arrival the first thing we noticed was the immence heat inside of the building! Our room was small, clean but WOW! was it ever hot! The hallways seemed overly hot too! (bless their heating bill!) the TV was old and didnt work properly. Breakfast was Continental and not very varied. Overall the hotel was clean, in a good situation and the staff very friendly.Not sure I would be willing to pay the full price though.	
Oct 31 2006 	Good location average hotel	The location of this hotel was great. Close to Bayswater and Notting Hill. Typical of a London hotel the rooms were very small. Our first room was so small that there was only a 2 foot path down one side of the bed. The bed was pushed up against the other wall. Bathrooms were all brand new (no shower curtain). The second room we moved to was on the top floor and much larger. The pictures on the[----]website weren't really true to what we saw. Staff was nice and breakfast decent. Based on the number of hotels in the area we would try somewhere else next time.	
Oct 21 2006 	Perfect place for our stay	I found the New Linden Hotel through a website search and called the hotel to get further information. I was intrigued by the good room rates considering it was London and the location, which is an excellent area of the city. I was given friendly and efficient service over the phone so booked for a 10 day stay. We were given room 106 which is a bit bigger than the other rooms (107 is nice too). Looking into other rooms I saw some can be quite small so be prepared. Small rooms are normal for London. The room price included a continental b'fast and was VAT inclusive. The service was always friendly and helpful, the girls at the desk had a ready smile, our room was cleaned every day and the sheets and towels were of good quality. The area of London allowed for interesting shops, great restaurants (fabulous Greek restaurant down the street on the left), corner coffee house, easy transport and a short walk to the tube. Hyde Park is nearby and makes an easy walk to Kensington Palace etc. I was very impressed and compared to some of the other smaller hotels nearby, the New Linden is leagues above them. I would most definitely return again and ask for the same room! Its not fancy and modern, but it is clean and friendly with a good location and cost effective......very important points when on a budget in London!	
Oct 3 2006 	Really cute!! Really Loud!!	The hotel is in the process of renovation, and I think it's going to be really cute once it's done. But, they should have spent some money on soundproofing. I could have easily joined in my next door neighbors conversation. I just kept the TV on and used earplugs - but it was still a bit disconcerting. I thought that breakfast was great - eggs, bread, yogurt, cereals and plenty of everything. Everyone at the front desk was very pleasant and helpful. And it's a 3 minute walk to the tube and lots of ethnic resturants. Again - I think it's cute - but there is the sound issue.	
Sep 24 2006 	Absolutely fantastic	We stayed in this hotel to celebrate my wife's birthday. We had a fantastic time during our stay.The hotel is a lovely little building, situated vey close from Kensington Palace and Hyde Park.It is a short walk from three underground stations and several bus stops. We didn't have any problems getting around during our stay.The staff were lovely They were always trying to help us and were happy to give advice on things to see and how to get around. They made our time at the hotel very pleasant.Our room was very clean and had obviously been refurbished recently.All in all, a very nice place to stay.	
Sep 15 2006 	Average - Don't expect too much	We booked the Honeymoon Suite (room 104) as this was our only holiday this year so we thought we would go for something a little special. The room was clean and tidy although not very big by standard hotels. We had a problem with our room in that the main feature of the Honemoon Suite, the jacuzzi didn't work. The maintenance man came and looked and did nothing at all, so it seemed to me that the problem was known about and still hadn't been fixed. We spoke to the reception staff and they were reluctant to contact the manager to negotiate a reduction in the room price. It should be noted at this point that you pay for your stay at the hotel when you check-in therefore, we wanted to sort out the room issue immediately and not wait until the following day when the manager would be present.The breakfast was not special - nothing to write home about. The bread was slightly stale and the breakfast room and kitchen were open, either that or they didn't want to shut the kitchen double doors too the restuarant. Another thing to note is that rooms 001 to 010 (I think) are in the basement and don't look appealing for any kind of stay.In summary. The hotel seems generally clean and tidy with reasonable prices although don't expect much and it is small. The hotel website makes it seem more luxurious then it is i.e. intelligent lighting? I could only find normal light switches unless they mean dimmer switches. I wouldn't want to stay at this hotel for any length of time i.e. more then a couple of nights.	
Jul 15 2006	Very friendly hotel	We booked this hotel after reading the reviews based mainly on the price and were slightly worried about room size and noise. We were however delighted with our room which was newly refurbished (refurbishment is still ongoing), plenty big enough and very peaceful. What made the hotel for us was the lovely staff, all very friendly and helpful, including the lovely ladies at reception, the cleaning ladies who kept our rooms and all the area's we used extremly clean and the friendly people who served the breakfasts. The continental breakfasy was filling and plentiful. We will definately use this hotel again and the only small changes I would suggest is to have a blind at the window of the ground floor bathrooms and to have a luggage room that is not accessible from the street (although luckily we used it twice without incident) this would then warrant an excellent from me. Many thanks to everyone who helped make our two nights in London so enjoyable at this well above average hotel.	
Jun 15 2006	Lovely hotel great location	My husband and I I had specifically requested for a room with a double bed but on arrival the guests in that room (they only have a handful of doubles) had to delay their check out and we were given a room with twin beds (Rm 317). It was very small but clean. The room was newly refurbished and the toilets were very clean although there being no shower curtain, we were flooding the tiny toilet when we had a shower.The next day when the receptionist saw us, she asked whether we wld like to upgrade to the honeymoon suite at an additional cost (they did not charge us the full amount since we did not get the room we had booked for on the 1st night, which was very nice of them). We went up to take a look and took the room straight away. It is 3 times the size of the standard double, large bathroom with jacuzzi (which is heavenly after a full day of walking), nicely decorated, ceiling fan and flat sceen tv. And more importantly, we could not hear other people's noises!The location itself is excellent as its close to Westbourne Grove with nice restaurants and cafes (esp Ottolenghi and Melt). Its also within walking distance of the tube station (Nottinghill) and bus stops (a short bus ride to High Street Kensington, Marble Arch), a 10min leisurely walk to Hyde Park, laundromats nearby.We found the reception to be very friendly and helpful although we were also extremely independent and found out what we needed mostly from our guidebooks. So if you dont mind spending more for the suite (to be honest, it was the largest and cheapest room we had stayed in on our trip which included Rome and Paris!), and I think even at GBP110 its great value for what you get, I wld highly recommend this place.	
Mar 31 2006 	Average very thin walls but good service	Pretty cheap but had problems the minute I got there. Booked online and therefore got worst room in the place (17). It was the only one not re-decorated and looked like it hadn't been cleaned either. Very old grubby carpet and matress. Got moved into newer room on my second night (had to spend a night in the horrible room) and it looked lovely. Well decorated, nice bathroom, comfy, new beds. Only catch was, the room had an adjoining door (which was locked) and you could hear EVERYTHING next door. Young couple at it like rabbits - normally wouldn't have minded but was on business and needed sleep! Staff very nice and helpful though. Breakfast basic but does the trick.	
Mar 27 2006	Good value for the price	Overall I would give the New LInden a good review. You really can't beat it for the price in London, where it is almost impossible to get a good hotel at a decent rate. The rates at New Linden are very good. Overall the place is nice - very clean, small rooms (but that's the case anywhere in London) with really nice bathrooms. The breakfast was good and we enjoyed staying here.There are only a few drawbacks:1) The walls are paper thin. We could hear EVERYTHING the people next door were doing - their conversations, even brushing their teeth! They had a small child who liked to get up and start talking loud and playing video games at 6 am. So be prepared for the fact that it's not very soundproof between rooms.2) It isn't in the most convenient location, although the area is very nice. We enjoyed its Notting Hill location. There are many really nice restaurants within walking distance, and the bus and underground are walking distance. But to go into the city center to do things, it does take a while because Notting Hill is not that close to the main areas of London.3) I would heavily recommend that the staff be trained with more information. The staff did not seem to know anything that would help us with our trip. They were friendly, but they didn't even have an idea of how to get to the airport! They kept telling us to call a car or book a shuttle, when I found out on my own there's a Heathrow Express train that leaves every 20 minutes from Paddington Station, only minutes away. They didn't know much about sights, restaurants, getting aroudn etc. and hotel staff really should know these things.Overall, the rooms are nice and the place is nice. For the money, it's a great deal in London. We enjoyed it except for hearing the people clearly in the next room.	
Nov 18 2005	OK for the price	10 min. walk from Bayswater tube station. Good, quiet neighborhood. Room was tiny but very clean. We must have got one of the newer (recently refurbished) room. It looked new. Our double bed was very comfortable and clean. Bathroom was very small, Large people (over 6'2 and 250 lbs) may not be able to fit in the shower stall!). Wasn't a problem for us.Breakfast was average, nothing to complain about.Luggage storage &quot;room&quot; is something else! It's like an old garden shed just outside of the hotel's basement. From outside the hotel, from the street, you can walk down some stairs to access this &quot;room&quot;. It's weird. We did not feel comfortable leaving our luggage there eventhough they do lock the door of the &quot;room&quot;. It's tiny and dirty. This is a fairly minor point though.	
Nov 17 2005 	Great Value - Friendly Staff		
Oct 29 2005	Nightmare experience		
Oct 28 2005	A very nice (but small) place to stay		
Jun 28 2005	Great Hotel!! I'll be back...		
Mar 11 2005	Nice clean and friendly		
Dec 17 2004	Exceeded my expectations		
Dec 8 2004	too tiny		
Jun 9 2004	Tiny rooms		
May 5 2004	Good for the price		
Apr 10 2004	Transferred		
Apr 10 2004	Aiuto!		
Nov 22 2009	tristemente decepcionante		
Nov 16 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio		
Nov 13 2009 	Klein und Dunkel		
Oct 16 2009 	???????		
Oct 13 2009 	No me inspiran confianza.Me dierón una habitación de categoria inferior a la que correspondía con mi reserva		
Sep 3 2009 	décue		
Aug 14 2009 	Molto scarso non fatevi ingannare		
Jul 12 2009 	Schönes Hotel an Spitzenlage		
Apr 3 2009 	?????		
Mar 12 2009 	??3???2??????????????		
Mar 6 2009 	Ottimo Hotel per coppie giovani!!		
Jan 19 2009 	?????????		
Jan 11 2009 	no lo recomiendo		
Nov 27 2008 	Hôtel que je déconseille fortement		
Nov 24 2008 	Un piccolo gioiellino nel cuore di Londra		
Jan 14 2008 	New Linden Hotel.. un piccolo albergo ma bello e pulito		
Jul 15 2007	arnaque		
Jun 28 2007 	il mio primo viaggio		
Jun 1 2007 	Graves fallos		
