Nov 2 2009	just what we wanted and where we wanted	Somewhere clean, quiet and convenient for Covent Garden. The Fielding is all these and we felt, it to be good value for money[ though travellers need to be aware that V.A.T. is extra]. However in 48 hours we managed a ballet , the Moctezuma exhibition at the British Museum, a good browse in Foyles with coffee to sustain us, the east wing of the National gallery, a meal and concert rehearsal in St Martin-in-the-Fields, Lenny Henry's Othello, the british Library and a matinee at the National Theatre.Apart from the latter all were within walking distance of the Fielding Hotel and the lamplit court was nice to come back to. One of the party ,being vegetarian, we enjoyed breakfast at Le Pain Quotidien for its coffee[in bowls] pastries and fresh fruit. Other reviews have rightly commented on the small sized rooms, narrow stairs and creaky floorboards but it is an old building . There are plenty of modern tower block hotels to choose from but the Fielding is unique. We'll certainly use it again.	
Apr 13 2009 	You're paying for the location.	Okay, the basics: it's safe, it's pretty clean, and it had the bare-bones amenities. The real bonus about this hotel is the location. Tucked away on a relatively quiet little street, it is still somehow right in the middle of the action. Mere minutes walk away from Covent Garden, the Thames, the British Museum etc., you just can't knock it's proximity to many London attractions. On the flip side, from an American perspective, you get a very spartan hotel experience for a not-so-spartan price. The room was very small and the bathroom was so tiny that you could literally almost turn the shower on whilst seated on the toilet (not that I tried, it just didn't make sense). The bed was hard as a rock and the TV was about the size of a small lunch pale. However, again, the location was so central and convenient that we hardly spent any time in the room at all, so it wasn't that much of an issue. On the whole, I would stay here again, though a more modern hotel with bigger rooms could certainly steal my business away.	
Jan 4 2009 	Excellent Location	Stayed at the Fielding Hotel over New Year's to break in 2009 for a holiday with a significant other. Chose the hotel based on location, which it lived up to perfectly in this respect. Agree with most other reviews regarding general hotel charm, creaking floorboards, no lift, small/cozy rooms, etc. Contacted the hotel directly by e-mail, got a rate of 115£ per night. Paid a deposit of one night's rent to book the room. Felt a little uncomfortable e-mailing my credit card information (would have been nice to be able to use PayPal or equivalent) but so far so good. Again, location is excellent, only a few short blocks from the Covent Garden tube station and within very reasonable walking distance of Leicester Square and Holborn stations as well. Easy to get to the hotel from Heathrow, just took the Picadilly Line straight to Covent Garden. Also very easy to walk to the Thames River and sights.	
Jan 1 2009 	Treated with complete direspect	I stayed at The Fielding with my parents twice during the 90's and found it to be a poky but charming hotel in a superb location and with very friendly, helpful staff. We had such fond memories of our stays at The Fielding that upon my parents latest visit to the UK we decided that we would pay the hotel a short visit around lunchtime on 22 December 2008 to see how it may have changed or developed through the years. Sadly our fond memories of the place were shattered by the disgraceful rudeness of the elderly &quot;gentleman&quot; behind the counter at reception. When my mother politely enquired about their rates the man rudely responded &quot;they are outside&quot; and then barked out an instruction to a nearby staff member to &quot;show this woman where outside is&quot;. We were all insulted and upset by this remarkable display of rudeness and if this is the attitude displayed by what we assumed was the manager then we'd hate to see the influence this has on the rest of the staff. Maybe The Fielding should rename themselves to Fawlty Towers...	
Oct 13 2008 	good place	Great location on a quiet pedestrian street in a very busy district (Covent Garden) which is why we stayed there. Room small but adequately furnished with two club chairs. Very clean. Fresh sheets every day! Bathroom adequate. No breakfast. Staff helpful. No lift, narrow stair, if you travel heavy or need help with your bags this may not be the place for you. But we would stay there again any time. Great value considering the times.	
Sep 27 2008 	Small 	Just stayed 1 night at the Fielding, on the recommendation of a friend.It is in a great location &amp; quite comfortable.The building is very old &amp; although it is tastefully decorated the creaking floorboards &amp; doors can be very disturbing.Breakfast is not available but there is a very good cafe/sandwich bar in Drury Lane just a short walk away.We paid £105 for a room but I think this has just gone up to £115.Would use it again if I could get a room on the top floor, which hopefully would be quieter.	
Feb 26 2008 	small but great location at great price	This is a very small hotel but right in an exciting part of London, Covent GArdens. The Covent Garden Market area has all sorts of street performers, food and shops. The hotel is just blocks from the market, the opera and the theatre (we saw the Lord of the Rings).There is no elevator so bags are a little difficult to handle.My daughter and I stayed 2 nights and there was actually a seperate &quot;downstairs&quot; bathroom and dressing area in our 2 twin bed room.The facility is definately dated but functional. Heated towel racks and Nescafe coffee packets with water heater and with biscuits were in the room daily.The room was very quiet but one problem I noted is that the floor of the room above us made a &quot;creaking&quot; sounds when the person got up and about which was somewhat disturbing.Otherwise, this place is clean and convenient to all, including Leichester Square which is a better underground to use than the Coven Garden location and is only a short walk further.	
Oct 5 2007 	Not the best Hotel Great location	If you can afford better in this area I would recommend you stay somewhere else.  A few good things.The staff was nice,the room was clean,the location couldn't be better,There is a wonderful Central Market down the rode,Many theaters,close to the Big Bus pick up,and close to many cafes and shops. A few Bad things. The floors are wood with carpet over them so they creek alot, there is no lift to carry your suitcases up,the rooms are old and small, and there was a sketchy mirror in the bathroom.	
Oct 4 2007 	Quiet Central Location; No Lift!	This hotel is a quick 5 minute walk from the Covent Garden tube station, quiet, very inexpensive for central London, and surrounded by many great sights and restaurants. The rooms are clean, but very small and basic. Our complaint was solely the narrow metal spiral staircase; hauling luggage up was a genuine hassle, requiring a 2-person balancing act and a lot of balance and energy. However, the Fielding is a great value for the money in expensive downtown London.	
Oct 3 2007 	Good Location - Bad Hotel	Very small, very cramped and dirty rooms. Narrow stairways and no elevator made it very difficult to carry all of our bags to a 4th floor room. (no help was offered with our bags)Front desk people were not helpfull with questions about dining options in the area or help with directions.Despite the location I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great location! Basic hotel	The location of the Fielding can't be beat! It's a short walk from the Covent Garden station - easy to handle with luggage. Covent Garden is about a 45 minute underground ride from Heathrow. Right now Covent Garden is an exit only tube station (you have to enter the system from either Leicester or Holborn) supposedly it will be exit only for a few months (currently September 07).My room was on the first floor so luggage &amp; stairs was no problem. Larger room than expected. I booked a single and had a room with two twin beds with a desk/vanity, closet and good lighting. There's a sink in the room with separate w/c for toilet &amp; shower. Very small bathroom! No problems with toilet &amp; great water pressure in the shower (tiny shower but good!)Hotel provided plenty of towels, but no handtowels or washcloths - bring your own if you would like. Also provided were plenty of little soaps &amp; shampoo packets. I purchased conditioner from a convenience store. Tea/coffee &amp; electric kettle are provided &amp; a definite nice touch. No clocks or alarm - so bring your own. And don't forget your adaptors for your plugs (the outlets often have a switch to turn them on).I found the lack of ac to be no problem and while the fans had been removed (apparently summer was over) they provided one after the first night (got a little stuffy).I didn't think it was loud outside - however the hotel is very creaky so bring earplugs to help get a good night sleep. Walking distance to many of the sights. This is a good location if you want to be able to wander right out your front door, mingle with the crowd, grab a pint and enjoy historical London. Lots of Italian restaurants in the neighborhood too (Zizzi on the corner is great) and a very good Indian restaurant around the corner. Overall I was pleased with my stay and found the staff to be very helpfull and friendly.	
Jul 18 2007 	A very individual hotel...	The Fielding is in a wonderful location in Covent Garden. We booked a superior room and this turned out to be on two levels with the bedroom above and the bathroom and a small sitting area downstairs. The room, though basic, was comfortable and the people on the front desk very friendly. We thought it good value and preferred its rather individual style to the anonymity you get from so many of the chain hotels in London. There is no lift, so you need to be able to manage the rather narrow stairs.	
Jun 24 2007 	What a great location!	I stopped at the fielding on 23rd june for one night. Me and a friend had a twin room which wasnt massive, but bigger than I had expected reading other peoples reviews. We were on the 3rd (top) floor which was a little bit of a mission up the stairs (espescially after a bottle of wine!). We went to london to see the blue man group which is a the new london thatre, the hotel was literally 2 mins from the theatre, so the location was perfect. It was quiet in the hotel and also the area except the view of the brick wall out the window isnt much to write home about! The staff were friendly and helpful and answered any questions we had. The hotel was also close to the tube stations and lots of fair priced pubs and shops.The whole room was hot all day and all night even with both windows open constantly, there was no air conditioning, but there was a fan in the room, the shower room was tiny (i could just about get dressed in there, but kept hitting my elbow!), the shower room was also very hot. I would definitly reccomend the fielding because the price was fair, the room was a good size, it was clean and the staff were nice. The only thing that put me off was how hot it was, so maybe not in the summer!	
Feb 2 2007	great location....	We just returned from a four night stay in London at the Fielding Hotel.First let me say that if you are looking for a marriott or hilton kind of hotel in the center of london for less than 400 usd a night your out of luck.That being said ,I would recommend this hotel to anybody that wants a reasonably priced hotel in a Great,Great,Great location.The covent garden tube station is just a short walk away and you can take the tube from Heathrow airport right there without changing trains and avoid the 100 dollar taxi ride.All the sights and restaurants and pubs are all close by.The hotel has 24 clean decent size (by european standards ) rooms with little or no amenities except a coffe maker.There are no bell hops to carry your luggage and no room service or ice/vending machines in the halls but there are several very good cafes within a very short distance to get breakfast in the morning.After saying all that I would stay there again in a heartbeat.Remember its all about LOCATION,LOCATION,LOCATION.	
Nov 27 2006 	Really enjoyed the hotel	I stayed at the Fielding on 23 November - 26 November. It is close to the Holborn tube on the central line so arriving by HEX was easy. I arrived early and my room was ready. I was ont he top floor in a single. The room was small, but I was expecting that. The bathroom was actually slightly bigger than i expected (it was still small). My room overlooked another building, but it was very quiet. I even heard the church bells in the morning. The staff was friendly. I had no problems coming home late. You leave you key when you leave the building and then just press the buzzer if it is late night.The location is perfect. I was within walking distance to everything and only took the tube a few times.There is no lift and the stairs are steep - so if you can't do stairs - this hotel isn't for you. Also, there is no A/C - so I'm not sure I would stay there in the summer time. There are no alarm clocks - so bring your own.Overall, i would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again.	
Nov 3 2006 	Fielding Hotel was fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the Fielding Hotel for 3 nights in mid-October, 2006. We booked it based on the the excellent review of it in the Rough Guide to London, and on its location.The area can't be beat: 1/2 block to the Royal Opera House, in the heart of Covent Garden, on a pedestrian court. The hotel itself was very modestly decorated (carpets were a bit tired, simple room furnishings), but everything was very clean, and all amenities worked properly. The rooms we had (1 night in a standard double, 2 nights in a standard twin), were both 2 level. Bed, tv, wardrobe, etc on the main level, bathroom and small vestibule with desk, coffee/tea making facilities downstairs, and windows on both levels in all rooms. It felt like a mini-apartment, and we were very comfortable.The hotel is definitely not for those who insist on 4 star fittings &amp; service, or for those who have mobility difficulties or tonnes of luggage (no elevator, lots of different levels, narrow front entrance and stairs). The floors are a bit creaky, and you can hear the upstairs guests walking around a bit, but we didn't find it a problem. However, we found the staff extremely helpful and friendly, and the strictly non-smoking policy throughout the hotel was a real bonus. The price (100 pounds per night) was fair for London, considering the location, size and cleanliness and comfort of the rooms.Also, contrary to what another reviewer said about being locked in at night, this isn't true at all; if you go out, you must leave your room key with the front desk, but when you come back, you just buzz the doorbell, and the 24 hr front desk clerk will let you in. They just ask that you not stomp up the stairs or around your room late at night, so as not to disturb other guests, which is fair.All in all, an excellent stay, and if we are ever in London again, we will definitely be staying at the Fielding.	
Oct 30 2006	Charming clean nice staff fun.	I hesitate to write a review because I have stayed here four times, and am already booked for a year from now. The Fielding has charm and is so well located.....True, it has a small staff, but it has such charm. It is basis, but because the staff is small, they know who you are and I found everyone friendly.	
Oct 9 2006 	Small cramped extremely rude staff. A frustrating bust.	The hotel locks you in at night and leaves no one at the front desk. You literally cannot leave, and I got yelled at by the night manager, whom I had apparently awoken, when I tried to go out for a walk to alieviate some heavy jet lag.The staff was rude and extremely dismissive of tourists (a fairly enormous irony given the business they've chosen to be in).The rooms are cramped and disgusting. Mine had a broken toilet and I was given the coldest of shoulders when I asked them to fix it. My room faced a wall. The only plus was location. However, this was easily the most unpleasant stay I've ever had at a hotel anywhere. Next time I will spend a little more and stay somewhere a lot better.	
Jul 5 2006	Convenient location bit $$$ but its London	Great location, one block away from Covent Garden Market. Day staff is very friendly and helpfull. Night staff a bit strange. We paid 100pounds for a room with a double bed, full bathroom(shower), tv, desk. For London this is considered normal price. They let us leave our bags after checkout on the last days until our train arrived.	
May 30 2006	Excellent Location	Me and my husband stayed here for 4 nights in May. The location was primo. The hotel is located on a quiet street which is a rare find given the central location. The room was clean but plain. The bed was comfortable. In terms of service - none. If you are looking for service, look elsewhere. If you are looking for a central quiet location with an adequate room and good value - look no further.	
May 9 2006	Unsafe hotel and lousy service.	We stayed in this hotel during April 2006. I agree with other reviewers that this hotel is in a premium location but after our experience I would steer clear regardless of how great the location seems.My wife arrived first and had an injured ankle but the sub-par staff didn't see fit to help a lady with her luggage up three flights of stairs. Thus began the very bad experience. While I do agree the hotel rooms were kept clean be aware that they only provide the bare minimum. We expected this so it was not a surprise. Just don't go expecting designer soap in the bathroom or a comfortable bed. As another reviewer mentioned the hotel uses old keys that look somewhat like old skeleton keys. You also had to turn in your key to the front desk when you left for the day and could pick it up again when you returned. This was very unusual to me and did not leave me with a good feeling that my things would be safe. But that was the least of my worries at this hotel. You could not lock the hotel room door with this key either. The only security we had on our door was a very small chain that had an usual mechanism to secure the door. There was a very small bolt closure at the middle of the door but it DID NOT WORK. This leads to the major problem we had.The second night we were there my wife and I were in bed and we heard a loud thud and then the sound of a chain banging against a doorframe at 5am. OUR DOOR WAS PULLED OPEN IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT BY A COMPLETE STRANGER! That's right someone was able to just pull open our door and pop the chain off it's lock easily. We were in such a deep sleep we thought we were dreaming. When we woke up the next morning we found the door open. Needless to say my wife and I were scared half to death. When we went down to speak with the guy at the front desk he said some guys staying there got drunk and started to fight so they had to call the police. He just didn't even care that our room had been broken into by one of them. I told him that we only had a chain lock and he needed something else and he mentioned the sliding lock. I told him it didn't work and asked if someone could go and fix it. He said the maintenance guy was off until Monday. I was just in total shock at his lack of caring about the situation.In short. We will NEVER stay here again and i will not recommend this hotel to anyone. Stay at your own risk.	
Mar 23 2006	Fantastic Location Good Service	Rooms are small, but rate is right. The service is friendly. And oh, the location! Right in the center of London, with theater, museums, everything close at hand.	
Nov 9 2005 	There's no such thing as bad publicity	It was the review that said &quot;Lousiest Hotel I ever stayed&quot; penned by the misguided Tourist from California that suggested that the Fielding might be just the place for us. That, and its Rough Guide entry. And so it really was!We were not &quot;attending&quot; anything - just going to the theatre, eating out, meeting family - simply having a good time. And for us, with 50+ years of assorted hotel disasters behind us, the Fielding was a truly delightful place to stay. It was just as it said on the label: simple, hugely friendly, quirky, unusual, and right in the middle of everything! And as for elevators, room service, fawning flunkeys, and air-con - not to mention high security keys - of course there was none of this, but only the truly and indelibly ignorant might have expected it.It's a fun place at which to stay. Not cheap (In truth, really very much not cheap at all - but who cares?) but just welcoming and convenient. From where else can you stroll down to the National Gallery, get pleasantly tired, stroll back for a leisurely lunch and then take a quiet nap before walking to an evening of Opera or Theatre?Go for it! But not too many please, so the two of us can get in next time.	
Nov 2 2005	The rudest people I have ever met!	I selected this hotel for its fantastic location, price and good reviews - not for myself, but for some business colleagues visiting London from abroad. On their first evening I called at the hotel to check that they were all right and also to ask the staff whether they would be able to re-credit my card for the deposit which I had paid on my colleagues' behalf. To my complete amazement the staff immediately became surly and offensive, culminating in one of them trying to stare me down and actually making a silly grimace in imitation of the conciliatory smile with which I was attempting to cool the situation. I had been quiet and polite in my approach (I am after all a 63-year-old professional woman well used to dealing with people in all sorts of situations, and would have been perfectly happy with a polite refusal). I didn't even dare remonstrate with these people, as my colleagues were still in the hotel and I did not want them to suffer similarly insulting behaviour.I will never use this hotel again, and would recommend anyone else to stay well clear. I am completely shocked and dismayed that a central London hotel could countenance such behaviour by its staff.	
Jul 15 2005	the fielding hotel is great	the fielding hotel on bow street is and has been our fave place to stay since the 70'snice to see some place that does not change drasticallyclose to covent garden pubs opera house resataurants you name it it is there food and people galorefolks at the fielding most pleasant and helpfulltoo bad the parrot is no longer therewho cares about star ratingwe are the stars and there are lotsthe showers tinyso if you have a few too many inches around you be aware to feel cramped in the showertake a face cloth (flannel) with youso just enjoy london and the fielding price is right alsolee carlson toronto	
Jul 4 2005	Brilliant Stay!	Location, location, location. Pefect! This clean, simple hotel is in a (somehow) quiet corner of Covent Garden. We loved staying here, within walking distance of Soho, the City, Trafalgar Square, etc. The hotel was a great value overall!	
Feb 20 2005	A Place To Sleep	I read the review in Frommer's London 2002, which lead my wife and I to spend three nights at the Fielding in June 2002. I would describe it as spartan, clean and a place to sleep; nothing more and nothing less. The location is great, but if you are looking for old world charm, a quaint atmosphere or ammenities, look elsewhere.	
Aug 25 2004	Pleasant Hotelperfect location.	We stayed at the Fielding overnight after a visit to the Opera House. OK its small and you do have to carry your bags up a narrow staircase. We had a double with sitting room, quiet, clean, nicely decorated and a comfortable bed. We will be staying again for sure,but it is probably best to book one of the better rooms.	
May 27 2004	perfectly situated	Perfectly situated in the real center of London we spent our best London holiday but not our first, everything within walking reach,rooms simple and small, but clean, surrounding quiet, we could even sleep with windows open and heard birds in the morning,would go there again	
Apr 30 2004	Lousiest hotel I ever stayed	I stayed at the Fielding because I was there to attend Royal opera house which is just cross the street. This hotel has no elevator nor air condition.There was no help to carry up my luggage 3 stories high. The key was primitive old one that I didn't feel safe. Corridors were narrow and dirty. There was only one clerk at all time and no help. I got depressed by this hotel. Price was much too high for lousy accomodation. I look for elsewhere next time.	
Jan 23 2004	Best Safe Place to stay in Central London	I stayed in the fielding hotel for good 7 nights in 1st week of Dec. Comapre to Indian standards the rooms are small but you can not have a better safer and such a cost effective place in area like covent garden. where covent garden market is less than a min walk, royal opera house is right in front, cafes are all over and though its very quiet. You can not get better than that, I am sure :-)	
Dec 7 2003	Fielding Fan	I have stayed at the Fielding no less than 3 times in two years! What's the best? Location,location,location. I can walk to the theatres and the staff are soooo helpful. Won't stay anywhere else. Brenda van der Walt.	
Oct 13 2003	Mixed feelings	Although I agree that the Fielding is very centrally located, right in the theatre district, that isn't really a deciding factor when you realize how easy the Tubes are to use. I suppose that if you wanted to see a show and then walk leisurely to your hotel, this would be a good location, however it is a fairly basic hotel, and I believe that it should be possible to find something at least similar for less money (we paid 100 GBP per night for a twin). We had room 14 and found that the bathroom was way too small. I was sharing the room with a friend, and getting ready in the morning was very difficult to do with any privacy, so one of us had to leave the room each morning while the other got ready. If your plan is to tour London and not just the theatres, I suggest that you keep looking. That said, it was clean, and the room itself was not too small. If you have to be in the area, it is okay.	
Jul 21 2003	perfectly situated	Okay, so the Fielding isn't 5* or 4*; I don't suppose even 3*. But it's my favourite. The location can't be beat, so close to everything yet set apart on a lovely pedestrian mall. The furnishings are basic, 'though not sparse, and the unusual, multi-level building has a charm all it's own. In fact, I can't imagine a visit to London w/o at least one night spent at the Fielding -- helpful staff, wonderful central location, and best of all, those gas lit cobbled streets outside. To me, staying at the Fielding is like going home again.	
Mar 4 2003	Very charming	Very well located in Covent Garden, a real nice place to stay. Old-fashioned hotel, but with much charm and very helpful stuff. Pretty quiet and a 2 minutes walk to the tube.	
Sep 22 2002	Fielding London	Barely clean, fairly depressing.well located, but for the same price one can find clean modern accomodation elsewhere in london	
Nov 10 2009 	pas mal		
Jul 6 2007 	Charmantes Hotel in bester Lage		
