Sep 14 2009 	Hot box	Stayed in the coverted council flat (aka apartment). Needed a &quot;ladder&quot; to get in and out of bath tub. No soap. Pixellated 12&quot; TV. No air conditioning. Would be OK in winter with the heat coming through neighbours wall and through water storage heater in hall requiring windows to be kept open all night and door during day. Curtains falling off. Kitchen drawers with no handles. Access to other part of unit locked off - why??In general lack of detail however staff in the &quot;hotel&quot; in the main street friendly and nice. Unit cleaned and serviced daily ! Close to amenities and can easily walk to town! Pub meals in area very good.	
Aug 28 2009 	noisy but otherwize perfect	Stayed there for 2 nights. Nice and clean rooms, friendly staff. Close to the station. We will go back on our next trip.	
Jul 3 2009 	Excellent value	I stayed here when I was in London for business and I was very happy with it. Itmight not look so great outside but inside it's well appointed, I had an ensuite, tv and radio and it's clean as a whistle. As I had a room at the back, it was quiet too. If you ook breafast it's served ithe little Italian cafe below, which is good value and has pleasant and efficient service. Soutwark is a great part of London to stay ith a good city vibe, Borough Maeket and the Cathedral near by, good range of restaurants and about 15 minutes to the Tate, Millenium Bridge etc. Previously I've stayed in big, anonymous London hotels but in future, I'll stay here.	
May 21 2009 	Noisy but good!	Hotel room has lots of space, beds and bathroom are nice. Very good for the price you pay. I can only complain of the noisy outside. Either ask for a room in the back of the hotel or walk a lot around London to fell asleep as a brick ... :)	
Apr 29 2009 	Very clean and well maintained	The room was a single without a bathroom, so very small, but the place was spotlessly clean, and the communal shower room was also spotless. I don't think you will find better for the money.	
Feb 6 2009 	Fantastic Little Hotel	Stayed to cover a late night and early start in the office - fantastic little place recently decorated, very nicely fitted out with the biggest towels I've seen in any hotel let alone a budget one! Hotel is good quality, excellent price and great location - definitely worth staying if you're on a budget. Also - although they don't have internet, if you have a room at the front, you can pick up the signal from Starbucks across the road!	
Oct 28 2008 	spotlessly clean	stayed here on a business trip, primarily because it was right next to the tube and i was arriving late in the evening. staff were friendly and room/en suite was spotlessly clean. room was comfortable and would stay again.could have done with a plug socket nearer to the bathroom so it would have been easier for straightening my hair in a mirror but the extension lead reached just about.	
Sep 5 2008	Great hotel	Stayed here for one night as part of a two day trip 2 London. Was so easy to get to and had no trouble finding it at all. We were impressed with the room, (a double) which was clean and looked newly done out. Nice bathroom with a big shower and very clean!! Also provided tea and coffee facilities which was good. Didnt see many staff but when i did they were very friendly and helpful. Overall a good hotel, quite central and easy to get 2 most major tourist attractions. Would definitely reccomend!	
Feb 21 2008 	Clean convenient 	Booked a twin room for one night as we were on a business trip in this area of London. The location was ideal - right next door to the entrance of the Borough Underground station. The price was reasonable but I was a bit concerned that it might be a bit ropey - having stayed in lots of budget London hotels before!!Very pleasantly surprised!! The lady that greeted us was very friendly and the room was very clean and looked newly refurbished. It was also much bigger than I expected. The bathroom looked newly fitted too and was much bigger than in most smaller hotels. The best bit was the extra big shower cubicle - I can't stand those tiny, claustrophobic ones you normally get. This was at least twice the size of a normal cubicle. We were at the back of the building so there was no road noise at all. Only minus I would mention is that there was no mirror in the bedroom which was a bit inconvenient.There's no restaurant within the hotel, but it's directly above a nice little cafe that has an extensive, reasonably priced breakfast menu. Also there are several restaurants within a couple of minutes walk for your evening meal. We went to a Greek called Tas and it was divine! In summary - clean &amp; convenient. Ideal budget hotel.	
Jul 3 2007 	Nice little hotel	Just returned from London and stayed in this hotel. It is a small hotel located in a business district within walking distance of London and Tower bridges. It is also right next to a subway stop so traveling around is very convenient. The hotel is reasonably priced and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The staff was very helpful. There is no phone in the room so you'll have to use a cell or the payphones across the street. There is coffee and tea in the room and a nice little cafe downstairs for breakfast. My boyfriend and I were referred by friends who live in Greenwich and we were very happy with the hotel. We plan to stay there again on our next trip to London.	
Jun 7 2007 	Small Clean Convenient	Stayed at this small but pleasant hotel in March 2007 in a twin room with my son.Outside of hotel is not impressive, being located in an old building above a coffee shop, and the hotel itself is on the first floor (no lift).Once inside however, the place is immaculately clean and newly decorated as advertised, with welcome in-room tea-making facilities (there is no breakfast room, and no breakfast is offered).The staff we met were helpful and polite, and the room was pleasant and quiet, with en-suite facilities.Bathroom contained a large shower, and the facilities are all new looking and spotless.Borough underground station is right next door, which is undoubtedly handy for getting in and out of central tourist areas, but this station is hardly manned (ticket office shut on sunday also) and there is lift access to the platforms. Since Borough High Street is not a tourist area at all really, and quite deserted in the evenings, we found it a bit unnerving to be the only people getting off at the 'Borough' stop at 10pm and ascending up from a deserted platform, and had I known it would be that quiet I would have taken a taxi back to the hotel...This is not relative to the hotel itself, which was absolutely fine inside, but I think is useful information for anyone planning a stay there (especially women travelling alone?).	
Aug 7 2009 	Pratique		
