	the worst hotel in the world	Don't stay there, everything is terrible including rooms and servis. Filipino women is so rude and her partner as well. The price is too hight. Is more like a hostel not hotel. We didin't even tride the food. Just clining servis is nice. Don't stay there if you wona have nice holidays.	
Oct 21 2009 	Suitable for backpackers only if price is cut to half.	Backpacker hotel advertised as 3 star hotel. BEWARE. I will never book with Expedia again.? Hotel description and reality did not match.The room was so small it was not possible to open the suitcase and the closet at the same time. The closet smelled like ded rats. It was not possible to lock the hotel room door from the inside and the security chain was broken. The private bath was across the corridor and had the same room no as our room. Very embarrasig to go to the toilet at night in your nighties. There was mould in the shower one very small bar of soap for two persons 3 nights and only two towels for two persons, that is no towel for hands and face. The hotel description said Hair dryer, was no hair dryer. The hotel description said free bottled water in the room, was no bottles of free water. it was a bit intimidating to go to breakfast with dripping hair every morning.In October the heating was on, could not turn it off which meant that we were grilled like tandoori chickens during the night. The bed was very close to the window so there was a tornado draft when we tried to get a more endurable temperature in the room.The staff was incredibly slow, had to wait for 10 minutes before they answered the doorbell when we arrived in the afternoon. Breakfast was advertised as very good by the hotel manager: a few slices of toast, marmelade, cheese and ham. Orange juice was served in 3cl glasses known as small schnapps glasses at home. Tea or some sort of brew, brownish, tasted less then the tea.(coffee?) Milk and cornflakes. Eggs either very hard boiled like rubber or hardly boiled at all. The only good thing was the location.  So in all; I think the hotel description at the Expedia site was very overstated and far from reality and the hotel should be taken away from the Expedia site or rating lowered to two stars. Could possibly be OK for backpackers at a much lower rate.	
Oct 2 2009 	Dump!	Well where do we start?!Strange method of checking in...noone in the reception, ha to go down to cellar to check in.Room decor, like something out of a 1970's sitcom. Bathroom dirty and basic..just a shower and toilet. Bed very firm with rough sheets.Breakfast, my god..why bother?! Toast...tub of boiled eggs. cheap ham and cheap cheese...and cereal that looked like it was older than me!!Only credit goes to the poor breakfast lady who was polite and helpful.The manageress (oriental) was more interested in playing solitaire on her pc than working.Also the key didnt work and we spent 20 minutes banging on front door to finally get access.Worst hotel ever i have stayed in.....	
Sep 3 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel	Booked a room at this hotel online as the pictures of the family room looked so nice to visit london, the room was so bad that i was not willing for the family to stay there for one minuet longer so booked elsewhere but when i complained to the manager about the room being so bad he said that they had a 48 hour cancellation and would not be returning my £122 The room was dark and gloomy, it had a light socket falling of the wall above one of the childrens bed which was the start of a crack that went up the wall and over most of the ceiling we didn't go in the bath room as it was so bad and when we tried to entertain the kids while waiting for new hotel the television didn't even workWe booked into the Hilton metropole which cost £174+Vat but included dinner, breakfast and we used the pool please do not stay at Georgian they are just ripping people off that dont see these reveiws	
Sep 2 2009 	Would never come back again	The original hotel that we have reserved turned out to be fully booked (the man at reception explained it is a mistake that we have received a reservation confirmation)and could not accomodate us, so the man at reception helped us in finding any space in the nearby area. The room at Georgian hotel was very dark and gloomy. It was a very hot night so we had to keep the windows open (they faced the road). The bath tub was either dirty or damaged (it had grey marks all over) and the water from the tap kelpt leaking all night long. There was no hairdryer.  It was impossible to get to sleep because of the road noise. The breakfast was included in the price of £105.00, however we never had a chance to eat there as we left at 7AM and the food was only served after 8AM.I absolutely hated staying at this hotel as neither of us had decent sleep, it costed a fortune and we found it very difficult to stay awake next day.	
Aug 22 2009 	No way!	Do not stay at this hotel! Filipinos receptionist is rude, they charge you too much for what they offer, breakfast is terrible and plastick. I saw menager and his wife playing cards in the office or guy was sleeping when I came. Breakfast girl and cleaner are fine but rest...do not think do not stay at this hotel!	
Jul 30 2009 	The worst hotel I have visitet in the last 10 years...	First of all, the reseption/desk is &quot;closed&quot; so you have to go downstairs to the &quot;new&quot; reseptionroom to get your welcome and key, dark and dirty as the rest of the hotel... The lift NEVER works... The room size is smal, rooms and the bathroom are so old and dirty. When you sleep you hear people over, under, and beside you + drops falling in the bath... The first thing I saw was some red dots beside one of beds, I dont know what that was, but it cold be old blood drops....... However &quot;The Georgian Hotel&quot; should not be named as a Hotel, and how did the hotel get 3 stars? One star is too much for this.... So think again before reserving a room, and do not the same fault as me...Because stay in hotels like thisone will DESTROY your holiday, special if you are with your family....	
Jun 22 2009 	do not stay at this hotel	this hotel is awful.the manager and staff are rude and made us feel very unwelcome.staying here ruined our weekend we were having to celebrate.the breakfast was disgusting.we ended up eating macdonalds breakfast.its a total waste of money.you are not allowed to dirty their white towels.appalling hotel.cancel your booking now.you have been WARNED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1	
Jun 2 2009 	Fawlty Towers is The Ritz in comparison	Without choking this review up with expletives, substandard, grotty and not worth the 90 quid a night (booked for 7 nights)My Fiancee and I had arrived from Australia via Ireland and York as part of a 3-week holiday, so we had large, heavy luggage of course. We Booked over the net without checking tripadvisor (not making that mistake again), for 7 nights, going to a wedding in London on the 2nd last day, so space and cleanliness was needed in our room.Checked in at reception, whose first comment was &quot;the room is too small for you&quot; (it was), &quot;we can't do anything until tomorrow as we are fully booked out&quot; (FA Cup Final). The room only had a room for a bed (double, not queen), a table, 1 power point and a shelf with a jug and some tea and coffee.The bathroom was a disgrace, mould in the showers, a small shaving cabinet, no iron or hair dryer in the room - told no iron because of 'fire risk&quot;, the hair dryer was available after 10:30 in the morning and my fiancee had to go down into the basement to iron the clothes.Fortunately only 1 night was paid for, we spent 2.5 hours looking that night for other accomodation, told reception we would not be staying the following 6 nights and caught a cab to The Shaftesbury Metyropolitan near Paddington railway station. It cost us another GBP 200+, but leaving The Georgian saved our holiday and early honeymoon.DO NOT STAY AT THE GEORGIAN!!!!!!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Chicken Coup!!	DONT BELIEVE WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PICTURES!!This place is a dump! On arrival we were asked to be payed up front! the cheek! Our first impressions were that there were alot of mirrors! You would want to be a vain personLuckily our room had a bathroom in it. Ther breakfast was terrible, there was tiny glasses of orange juice, 2 selectons of cereal, coffee that was sitting there since 6am!, cheap plastic ham and cheese, a basket of boiled eggs(!),and lots of toast! Breakfast ended at 9.30 so you had to be up early to get food.They didnt have a restaurant either. Our room had a lovely view of a chicken coup! (The roof that looked like a pen for chickens) The floors in our bedroom were squeaky also!Each room was given a key. This key opened both the front door and our room door. does this key open every room in the hotel??The managers wife was not very pleasant at all!!The only good thing about this strange hotel was the location and it was cheap!! handy for what we wanted	
Jan 20 2009 	Had to sleep on the floor	It is well known that one should expect all kinds of accomodation in London is at least one star below the rating. The Georgian Hotel at Gloucester Place was said to have a three star rating, so we did not expect more than something equal to a two star hotel anywhere else in the world.The location is great. A short walk from Baker Street station, and also within walking distance of Hyde Park and Oxford Street. But that is just about the only positive things worth to mention.First of all: Our bathroom was located across the hallway. Terribly intimidating, because we had to get dressed just to take a pee. There was no soap, and the shower only had cold water.And as I was going to London with a mate, I ordered a twin bed room. But when I arrived late at night due to a delayed flight, it turned out to be one single bed. And as the staff only were present until 10 PM, there were nothing to do about this before the next morning. So I could do nothing but sleep on the floor!When I confronted the unfriendly (Indian) hotel manager the next morning with this, he only said that they by no means needed to pay attention my room preference. So to get a bed to sleep in, we had to pay 60 pounds more to upgrade to a triple room!This is a definite no-go! Stay away!	
Nov 11 2008 	Small and "private" bathroom across the hall	We arrived before check-in time, and had to leave our bags to go out on business. When we returned close to midnight we found our bags in an unlocked room close to the reception with no-one there. It would have been easy to steal... Then we went to our room, and we couldnt find the bathroom, after a closer look we found another door across the hall with our roomnumber, and voila, we found our bathroom! Low standard on everything, and the room was boiling hot in January, impossible to sleep without opening the window, and then the traffic-noise kept us awake. Breakfast not so good either, just some slices of toast, and we almost had to beg to get ham and cheese. Staff seemed like they didn't care much. Would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Oct 16 2008 	Crooked way to run business	Ridiculous runaround! Beware this is not the Georgia House Hotel (much nicer place and less expensive). We booked this several months in advance thinking it was the above mentioned- it's not! Then when we called the Wed to cancel the Fri we were told we could not despite it being 48 hours before - we had to contact the online agent that we had been routed to from their own website! Tick, tock goes the clock. Finding them online, finding,their number and now- their office was closed so tick, tock- by Thurs morn we were well past the 48hours only to be told by the online agent the hotel would have to process the cancel and refund! What? That was what they said about you. Upon calling the hotel again- &quot;NO CAN DO! you are past the 48 hours&quot; #$%^&amp;*! Absolutely crooked- sorry your hotel has bad ratings and you feel you should steal peoples money to survive.	
Sep 29 2008 	Couldn't have stayed here!	I was attracted by the location and the picture of the outside of the hotel, not to mention the great description on Lastminute.com. The reception area was very shabby, however, and the welcome unfriendly. I was shocked to discover my room's bathroom was across the corridor, and contained no toiletries at all, not even soap. It was dingy, not very clean, and the towel didn't look as though it had been properly washed. On returning to the room, I realised that this wasn't very clean either - the bedspread was awful, and the sheets were stained. The lock on the door was loose and insecure. When I asked if there were another room, I was told they were fully booked - the receptionist's attitude was very aggressive and unhelpful. When I told them I would be transferring to another hotel, they said there would be no refund. To cap it all, they failed to call the taxi I'd requested! I ended up staying at the Euston Square nearby, for about the same cost and it was fabulous! (And I eventually got a full refund from Lastminute, so there's a happy ending!)	
Sep 7 2008 	Location is the only good point	Definitely, this is a substandard accommodation.I know how expensive hotels in London can be, but for sure this is one of those that do not make you feel like you got what you paid for at all.Staff was quite unfriendly, at least to us. The room was small and rundown, the locks to lock yourself from inside did not work, so there was a funny situation every morning when the cleaner was about to come in and we were still in bed!The remote control for the TV didn't work, and the floor was annoyingly squeaky. Be aware that what they call a &quot;private bathroom&quot; is a bathroom only you can use, but it's across the corridor, and you have to use the key to open both doors, which makes the whole experience of going to the bathroom at night a nightmare, including the noisy doors and floorboards.The breakfast was also substandard, and you have to beg for more toasts. The glasses for the orange juice were the size of a shot!!	
Jan 18 2008 	good location and thats all	The Hotel is run down and in need of a face lift. the elevator broke down and was not fixed while we were there. The taps in the bathroom driped all day and night. They said there was Wi Fi access available throughout the hotel but it didn't work on my computer or pda . They both worked down the street at the coffee shop.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great Location	We stayed here for 3 nights on a recent trip to London. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Baker St tube station and is close to local shops.The hotel was reasonably clean and the reception was OK. There was no-one manning the reception desk when we arrived but they soon came to greet us.The room was basic but clean. We stayed in room 12 which was on the 3rd floor. It had a double bed, wardrobe, TV and tea/coffee facilities.The thing we found odd was the en suite bathroom that was actually across the landing. It was a private bathroom but not the most convenient when you need the loo at 3 in the morning.The breakfast was basic but again passable. Consisted of unlimited supply of tea/coffee and juice, toast, cereak and eggs, cheese, ham etc. Was OK but some good cooked food would be welcome.All in all, a basic hotel but as we were in London for the sights and shopping etc, the hotel served more as a base to return each night.Staff were friendly and I would stay again for a budget hotel next time I am in London	
Jul 9 2007 	Should have read the reviews before I booked	Unfortunately i wasn't clever enough to read the reviews of this hotel before me and my friend booked it some time ago. As we were going to a gig in Wembley we wanted somewhere quite central but also not too far from Wembley, and seeing as most of the hotels had been already booked this seemed the perfect choice. From what we could see from the pictures and write up, it seemed reasonable for the price.Like previous reviews of the hotel the entrance way is the best feature of the hotel, because as soon as you step inside its another story. There was no one on the front desk so we had to look for the proprietor. The owner was helpful enough and allowed us into the room some hours before the check-in time because we wouldnt be back till after midnight that night. The room was small and even though we expected a twin room we settled for a double bed...which was not a double bed, it was only slightly bigger than a single. There was no ensuite as stated in the booking, the bathroom was out of the door and a couple of steps across the landing. The shower was not appealing, some of the tiles had come off the wall and not been replaced. Also, we had to walk past the next room to get to the bathroom which was very inconvienient but also an annoyance for the couple next door as we had to unlock two doors to get into the bathroom and the floor boards creaked!On return after the gig our room key allowed us to get into the front door, middle door and our bedroom door...this made me wonder if our key, and everybody elses in the hotel, opened every door! This maybe why our bedroom door had a security chain...which wasn't particularly secure! The noise from the back of the hotel went on until the early hours, not traffic as stated in other reviews but some kind of pub or nightclub?Next morning we expected something decent for breakfast but was given some toast, cereal and a boiled egg in dated and quite frankly grubbly looking crockery! To be fair the waiting staff there were pleasant!The icing on the cake is when around 9.30am we had a call from, who i assume to be , the owners wife. She asked us when we would be leaving. We said when it was time to check out cos we were killing time before we caught the train home. She was extremely rude to my friend and even accused us of not paying for the room...which we had done when we checked it. So she said she was going to check. about 30 mins later the cleaner was knocking on the door asking when we were due to leave!To be honest, the sooner we left the better because about a hour after we left I came up in bites over my legs and arm! I am prone to bites anyway but it wasnt much of a shock to me it wasnt the most cleanest of the hotels.In summary, for location it is fantastic, theres a few nice pubs around and its close to the tube. Some of the staff were also helpful. However, even though it was cheap and I didnt expect the Hilton for my money, everything about the hotel was way below average!!!	
Jun 13 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in early June. The hotel manager was very helpful. We were charged to have a hair dryer in our room even though the ad states one is supplied. We asked to be moved from a very noisy room to the back of the hotel and were charged a nominal fee for a bigger room at the back. Carpets need to be cleaned - updates need to be made. We stayed our third night at the Clarion Hotel - which was much cleaner, much more modern, better service and less money.	
Apr 2 2007 	Georgian Hotel review	We stayed in this older London hotel for 3 nights in late March. I was a little fearful since there were so many negative views of this hotel, but we were pleasantly surprised. It was located an easy walk from the Victoria Station.Yes, the rooms were small, but not the smallest I have stayed in when visiting London. There were four of us in our room and for the amount of time we stayed in the room, it was quite adequate. The staff was pleasant and helpful, both a full English breakfast and a continental breakfast was available. There was a computer in the front lobby which could be used for a small fee. If you are willing to take a chance, there are many bed and breakfasts around Victoria Station, but I don't know how their price compared to this hotel.	
Oct 25 2006 	As stated before stay away	My London trip was October 10-15, 2006 and I booked at the above hotel in May. Well thanks to the reviews here I decided not to go there. However for me when I made my reservation (by e-mail on my own) they took a deposit from my credit card. To make a long story short I have returned from my trip and I still can't get them to give me my money back. Credit card company is no help because according to them they need a cancellation notice from the hotel and I have spent a small fortune calling them (Georgian) and all I get is the run around. Seems things can get a bit stickey oversees (I have not idea what thay means but thats that I was told from the credit card co).Bad way to do business so I can be chalk this up to experience and be happy I found a better class London hotel to spend my time and money at.	
Mar 25 2006	Avoid at all costs!!!	The hotel looks very nice in pictures on the [--------]website. DO NOT be deceived! Other than the entryway leading up to the front door, it is shabby and extremely unappealing. But the biggest problem is the proprietess who treated us extremely rudely. When she assigned us a room with a &quot;private bathroom&quot; across the hall, we explained that we had been assured there would be a bathroom in the room. She didn't care. She also didn't care that the lift wasn't working (we're thinking they will never spend the money to repair it) and my 88 year old mother had to walk four flights of stairs when there were rooms available on lower floors. The traffic noise made it impossible to sleep, the beds were not comfortable and I'm fairly certain that I contracted some kind of bug sleeping in them! Do NOT stay at the Georgian Hotel!	
Feb 23 2006 	Depressing	I wish I had read other visitor's opinions before I booked this hotel. Although the general location is good it is on a noisy street. The room and general apperance of the place was depressing. The shower in the bathroom functioned poorly. Breakfast adequate but abysmal coffee. Basic things like a bar of soap and glass absent. Poor value for money even by budget standards. All I can say in its favour is that the staff were pleasant.	
Feb 1 2006	Horrendous	3*? I'd love to know who rated this hotel 3*!The lights above the bed were fastened to the wall with cellotape, the bed was uncomfortable, the bath was stained and filthy. We got absolutely no sleep as it was so noisy outside and the breakfast consisted of boiled eggs and toast with the most rancid coffee I have ever tasted. Staying in a budget hotel, I don't expect to get the complimentary toiletries and the usual hotel luxuries but this hotel was probably the worst I have ever stayed in. What made the situation worse was knowing we could have stayed in the Selfridge hotel for a few pounds extra. Never again.	
Aug 4 2005	Bait 	In May 2005 my husband and I set off on my dream vacation to England. We had a spectacular time for ten days, until we received word that both my daughter and elderly father had been hospitalized and were to have emergency surgery. I called the Georgian Hotel in London approximately 36 hours prior to our intended arrival time to inform them that we would be leaving England early due to a medical emergency back home and was informed that we would still be charged for one night's stay, as we had missed the 48 hour deadline for cancellations. The gentleman I spoke to said if I submitted a doctor's note on hospital letterhead explaining the situation they would refund my money. This I did, along with other hospital documents detailing the emergency. I received an email a week later from the hotel saying that they could not refund my money because of the 48 hour cancellation notice. If they had told me that they had no intention of making a refund I would not have gone to the trouble of getting a doctor's note and the other documentation. I'm disputing the charge with my credit card company and expect the dispute to be decided in my favor.	
Jul 13 2004	Great Location	This hotel is an average quality establishment. The low cost, excellent location and friendly service redeemed its lack of updated quality. The room was quite old and small – no modernization. The bathroom was small and lacked counter space on which to place toiletries. There was a small medicine cabinet to place small personal items. The tub had a hand-held shower nozzle, which made it a little tricky to bathe. The beds were a little bumpy, but reasonably comfortable once settled in. Since personal irons were prohibited, guests were required to use the hotel iron located in the office/basement area. The iron and ironing board were ancient and outdated. The iron only worked properly if the main power switch on the wall was turned off and on every 30 seconds or so; this made ironing an extensive task. The continental buffet-style breakfast consists of dry cereal, sliced meat, hard-boiled eggs, white or wheat toast, orange juice, and hot tea. The quality of service was good. The elevator was very convenient between the hours of 7:30 A.M. to 10:00 P.M.. Because it only operated during specific times, if guests left early in the morning or returned from a late night engagement, they were required to travel up/down several flights of steep stairs. Above all, if you can overlook many minor inconveniences and the quality of the facility, you’ll enjoy the convenience of the excellent location. The hotel is only a 5-8 minute walk to the Baker Street tube station and is close to Oxford Street stores and attractions. If you keep a positive attitude, you’ll enjoy your stay.	
Jan 31 2003	Eye Opener	The hotel is conveniently located (by European Standards) to the metro. Because of their location they were fairly expensive. When we checked in the rooms were awful...single lightbulbs hanging down. bathroom was so small only 1 person at a time. tight tight tight. Windows were terrible - the old woodwn double-hung with paint splintering off. (Musty moldy mildewy) It's just such an old building there's only so much cleaning and sprucing up you can do without having a major overhaul. the one (and only one) redeeming quality was the breakfast. It was very good and plentiful. We spent around $200 for 2 adults and 2 kids in a cramped room of approximately 80-100 square feet.	
Nov 24 2009 	Bof...		
Nov 14 2009 	Oublier cet hotel		
Nov 7 2009 	Parfait pour une famille		
Nov 6 2009 	A éviter		
Oct 19 2009 	Loin d'être un 3*		
Sep 2 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Mar 24 2009 	meglio di quanto mi potevo aspettare		
Feb 25 2009 	très bien situé basique mais idéal pour un court séjour		
Feb 11 2009 	mauvaise expérience		
Oct 22 2008 	Perfecta ubicación		
Sep 4 2008	i had stayed 10 days in these hotel		
