Nov 23 2009 	Way below basic!	I wouldnt call this place a hotel, more like a dodgy B &amp; B. The staff-one woman who was so unfriendly that I felt like I was intruding! Was very disappointed with the room. The bathroom was so small the toilet was basically on top of the shower! No blinds or mirror in the room. The decor was something out of the 50s! Can get a nicer room for the same price, recommend to shop around.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fair value for money	I spent 6 nights in Romanos. I was on a business trip, very busy all the day and with social events every evening. So I only spent the nights in Romanos and I have to admit that it offers fair value for money. The room and the bathroom were small but still acceptable, the hotel was clean and the environment quit and safe. The breakfast is always the same and not the best and very modest. It is located in a nice building in Belgravia, the bus stop is just round the corner, Victoria station is about 10 minutes walk. It is good choice for business trips.	
Apr 10 2009 	It gets the job done	We booked this place for 60GBP through one of those &quot;50% off hotels!&quot; stands at Victoria station. 60 GBP was a rip off for this place, but it was a place to stay at least. It is close to a number of different popular tourist sights, so I'll give it that. It is thin walled so if it's noisy that could be problematic. Luckily it wasn't noisy for our stay. It was definitely small and not nicely kept-up. But I don't think it was too dirty. I would only really recommend this place if 1: you can get it for less than 45GBP a night or 2: you're in desperate need of a place to stay.	
Sep 26 2008	If you like staying in cheap nasty caravans...this is the hotel for you!!	This hotel was offically the worst hotel i have ever stayed in, ok i know that i booked basic, and believe me i was not expecting much!! We paid £47.50 through travelstay.com for one night for a twin room with a private bathroom. We called the hotel in advance to let them know we would not be arriving at the hotel till about 10pm at night...and considering this was a hotel with a 24hour reception we assumed this would not be a problem, however all i got on the phone was a huge sigh and a &quot;well i suppose i will have to let the night porter know..&quot;.When we arrived we at leat expected a smile but all we got was a surly woman advising us that &quot;we needed to pay the rest of the bill and breakfast is 730-9am&quot;She then gave us a key card and we had to ask her which number room!!!When we got into the room it looked fairly clean and comfortable, on closer inspection it looked as if the carpet had not been hoovered for months and there were squashed bugs on the wall, the curtains did not shut properly and the bathroom was in a cupboard...smaller than what you would get in a caravan!! The mattresses were hard and uncomfortable and the beds not at all stable and the pillowcases were completlt flat and really hard...my mum asked at reception if she could have an extra pillow and all we got was a short..&quot;no&quot;,The breakfast was stale cereal and cold hard boiled eggs...we were glad to leave.It is so much better for you to spend an extra £5 and stay at the easy hotel round the corner...it is much more comfortable even though its extremley basic!!!	
Sep 1 2008 	Very Basic  Staff RUDE!!!!	Basic but okish for money!Our room slept 4 of us which was ok but you could have a shower while sat on the toilet while brushing your teeth over the sink, yes it was that small!Breakfast was horrible all we got was a warmish boiled egg and some toast even the tea tasted nasty.The young guy that worked there looked scared, he didnt say a word, but then the woman that worked there was VERY RUDE from the moment we got there to the moment we left, she had no manners at all.I won be staying there again!!!!!!!!	
Aug 3 2008 	Disappointed	Very small roomTiny &amp; unclean bathroomHorrible breakfastStaff unfriendly	
Jun 2 2008 	Go there never	I went to stay in this hotel hoping that B &amp; B s would be comparitively cheaper. It cost me 60 pounds per night and four days of absolute trauma. The rooms are shabby, bed r not immune from bugs and the reception staff are excellant at slagging you off. My towels were changed only on request but then I got used to it after the second day. The breakfast is probably the only service to expect there which was okay(at least something). But I advice think twice before halting at the reception. The people are extremely rude as if we are still not civilized. All in all a paid nightmare.	
May 5 2008 	A place to lay your head	We were setting for a week-long trip to explore London and needed a basic place to stay, so we decided to risk (seeing the mood of the previous reviews) staying at Romanos.The hotel's location is its main advantage - it really lies within walking distance of many of the city's tourist attractions, particularly the Buckingham Palace, Tate Britain, London Eye and Imperial War Museum. We even made a trip to the Tower Bridge and back, visiting Tate Modern and other stuff on the way. It's also a few minutes' walk from the Victoria rail and coach station (direct buses to/from Luton, Gatwick, Stansted), and Pimlico tube.The hotel was very clean in general - only the bed covers look a bit worn up. Most of the rooms are accessible only through a steep and narrow stairway - you just have to consider it if you're going to book there.Accomodation is no frills - toilet in the room is the size of a wardrobe - tiny sink, toilet and shower all packed into a box about 1 per 2 meters. The sink is old British style - meaning two taps, cold and hot water separately. The problem was that it missed a plug - in fact, all sinks in the hotel missed them. The lady at the check-in desk promised to provide us with this useful device, but at the end we wouldn't get it - even though we stayed there for more than a week!There isn't much of space in the room to place your belongings - a set of coat hangers, a shelf and a &quot;desk&quot; (that's what they call it in the promo materials) which is, in fact, another shelf. So we kept most of our stuff in the suitcase.The electric kettle was OK, so was the TV, and there was a hairdryer available at the reception desk. The breakfasts were really OK - &quot;continental&quot;, as they call it, which means a set of tosts, cereal, an egg, tea or coffee and assorted jams. A good way of starting a day, and really useful since you don't have to start your trips hungry and looking for food. The dining room is of course very small, like everything at Romanos, so it was good that not many of the guests got up early enough to bother themselves with the breakfast (which was served from 7-something to 9 on weekdays, 8 to 9 or ten on weekends). There is also a small courtyard you may use for breakfast if the weather is good enough - which it wasn't.Okay, to sum it all up. If you plan on touring the city all day long, and just need a place to sleep and wash yourself up, then Hotel Romanos is OK. If you'd like to spend some more time in the hotel room or requre more than basic accomodations - you'd better search for another place. However, you possibly won't find it at this price - Holiday Inn Express on Belgrave costs about twice as much as the Romanos.	
Apr 10 2008 	just right for sight seeing	this place was just what we were looking for.Stayed 4 nights and couldnt have asked for more at such a price.Clean enough,breakfast more than fair and really close to the tube stations.I,d be more than likely to stay again.No complaints.	
Mar 31 2008 	basic of basic!!!!!	stayed at this hotel for 2 nights.upon arrival we had to pay CASH upfront,which we have never had to do(makes you think the owner doesn`t trust his guests). Room was extremely basic and had recently been painted,but not just the walls: pictures,bedspread,carpet,tv and the mirror!!!!.If you are over 6foot 3 you may have trouble getting into the bathroom/toilet (looks like a cupboard!!)not what we call a ensuiteOn the plus side excellent location for visitors with 2 tube stations within 5 minutes of each other(wouold recommend Victoria-more of a major line).Back to the hotel : staff could be more considerate to their guests - we were woken at 5 am on our last day by them having a big arguement - can`t tell you about what because it was in foriegnese!!.	
Jan 1 2008 	Value for money	My family and I stayed for two nights at this hotel. The location is reasonable, not at the city center but the price is reasonable for a quad room. The breakfast is mediocre and the TV does not work. Overall we just need a place to sleep and shower. It was quite hot in the summer and there is no fan. The cleanliness of the room could be better. Note that there is additional charges if you pay by card. Cash is the preferred option and you have to pay upfront when you check in unlike any other hotels I have been.	
Jul 16 2007	Room small but clean Staff Awful	My mother arrived at the Romanos first with the booking details. She had been delayed on her flight and was very tired. She walked in to reception and the receptionist told her she was not allowed in the room until she had paid the total outstanding amount (even though a deposit had been paid). My mother asked if she could pay by debit card and was told that she would be charged a £10 handling fee. She said she would get cash and pay later but the receptionist would not let her in the room until she had paid so she had to go out and find the nearest cash-point (about 20 minutes walk away) before she was allowed in the room.The room was small but clean. Booking en-suite is not worth it. It literally is a cupboard with toilet, shower and sink in. We ended up using the communal shower as it was bigger and had more space.The breakfast room is a small room crammed with camping tables and chairs. Breakfast was okay: toast, two types of cereal and a hard-boiled egg, but again the staff were awful and made you feel like a burden for being there.If you want a cheap room for the night, take cash to pay for the room upfront. If you are looking for a bit of hospitality, don't bother staying at this hotel - they do not know what the word means!	
Apr 8 2007 	a horrible place	I stayed in the hotel for one night after spending some days in cornwall and it was really horrible. Our room was very small and without most of the in room facilities they add in their web page. We didn't have electronic keycard, any tv, Ironing Facilities. All the rooms are suposed to have writing desk and seating area but ours didn't have any space even for a chair. We didn't see any alarm clock. What we had was the walls full of stains, and the blanket that was suposed to be white was grey and dirty. All the rooms had card keys access except our so we guessed that our room woud had been a storage room a box room or a junk room before being a bedroom. If you stay in Romanos avoid room 2. And the FRIENDLY woman at the reception (i'm ironic) wanted to charge us 5 pounds to leave our luggage so we told her we'd rather leave it in the station lock up. I'll never stay in this hotel again	
Feb 18 2007	Stay clear of this hotel!!!!!	This hotel is auwful!!!!!!!!!! The man who owns it is a crafty man - always highering prices and contradicting himself. To change rooms after seeing the state of the cramped little 'dungeon hole' as we called it that he put us in, we demanded another room. Well at first we could have it for two nites - it then turned out that we couldnt have it the second night. We wernt daft though - we knew what he was up too. He didnt want to loose out money wise, when its our rite to demand a better room. After much argument - we stayed one nite save loosing the money. The bathroom was bastically a cupboard with a toilet, shower and sink all cramed in. I nearly tripped twice in there. The room was worse than basic. The description stated it was 'modern' in style - well that a very large lie as it was hideous. I have stayed in budget 2 stars before - and this is the worse by far. we ended up changing hotels - there are lots in the same area for as good value. Good ones i would reccomend are Comfort Inn, The Grange Rochester and The Belgrave. DO NOT BELIEVE THE PICTURES - the grand looking entrace is nothing like the actual place.	
Oct 29 2008 	Romanos London = Dreckig eklig unfreundlich - eine absolute Frechheit!!		
Aug 3 2008 	Romanos Hotel sehr schmutzig und absolut unfreundlich		
Oct 29 2007 	Regresaré al Romanos la próxima visita a Londres		
Oct 22 2007 	Sicuramente meglio che per strada coperti da fogli di giornale.		
Oct 22 2007	Hotel romanos: l' hotel felicità dei muppets		
May 2 2007 	No está mal		
Dec 10 2006 	No merece 2 estrellas		
