Nov 9 2009 	Second worst place I've ever stayed	This &quot;hotel&quot; being rated at 3 stars is a joke. The place is awful. We stayed 2 nights here last month and had a terrible stay. Starting from the booking being incorrect (we were given a double room rather than a twin, there was no offer to make amends, the manager blamed us! He then proceeded to insist on charging us £10 more than the agreed price. The room was up about 7/8 flights of stairs, there is no lift. (3 stars?) The shower in the room did not work on complaining I was first told that it was because the water pressure was poor on Sundays??! (3 stars?) and then I was asked for another £7 which apparently we were undercharged! I asked to move rooms and was offered a single room with no bathroom for an extra £60! (3 stars?) At no point did the staff make any effort to improve our stay and repeatedly walked into the rooms during the day. The towels in the room were like something out of a prison movie. (3 stars?)I would advise anyone to stay as far away from this place as possible.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice Central location it took me only 4 minutes to get to oxford street	the room was clean and tidy, the breakfast was fine, my room was on the 3rd floor and they dont have an elevator, but the staff were nice and helped me with my luggage and with directions around london.Overall a pleasent stay.	
Sep 4 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	no more needs to be said about this hotel/youth hostel. Inside its tired and dilapidated with a distinct smell of mould. We were greeted (or rather ignored) by the hotel manager on arrival and he took it upon himself to remain on the phone for over ten minutes before welcoming us. The room was situated in the basement and was the polar opposite of that shown in the image provided by late rooms. It was so unhygienic that we opted to cut our losses and stay in The Westbury.	
Aug 11 2009 	Thank you for a most enjoyable stay	We booked at this hotel with trepidation after reading the reviews from 2006, but much has changed since it was taken over by new management, approx 2 months ago. After a 6-day stay, it felt like home! It is so central, but we requested a quiet room at the onset. My husband and I could not believe that we were getting such quality for our money.The management and staff were friendly, polite and eager to help in any possible way. It is true that the breakfast room is small but the food and service compensated for that. Our spacious room and facilities were cleaned each morning. We hope to return, and will certainly recommend The Gloucester Place Hotel to our friends.	
Jul 6 2009 	Return? I think Not	Location Good, Hotel Not Good. No Lift, Bedroom Cramped family room. No sign of the sofa or coffee table as shown in the photos. Bathroom in need of refurbishment. Shower needed DIY on it to make it work. Showerhead holding clip missing. Vanity unit door almost hanging off. Plug for sink hidden in cupboard. if you fit it you need to feel behind sink to operate lever to let water out. Breakfast offered - what would you like? I said Bacon - sorry don't do bacon was reply. Dining /breakfst room had plastic table cloths, like a youth hostel. £110 per night for family room is extortionate. Avoid - go to a Travel Lodge!!	
May 10 2009 	Pleasent stay and Very Good Location	I stayed at this bed and breakfast by booking using their last minute special offers on their website. I paid only £55 for a Double including breakfast, not bad for Marble Arch area. Room was nice and clean and the bed was comfortable. Its a pity they dont have a lift though. The location is very good for sightseeing. The guy at the reception was very freindly and helpful, he carried my wifes suitcase to our room and later gave us good advice on our sightseeing around london. Would be happy to stay there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Ein netter Aufenthalt ohne irgendwelche Probleme		
Jul 25 2009 	Gloucester Place Hotel: molto alla buona.		
