Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel I'll be back again and again	I loved this hotel, there was so much that was great about it and I'll definitely be back with my husband (I stayed as I was meeting a friend for dinner). Great things:- Fab decor in the hotel and rooms- It's lovely to be shown around when they know it's your first visit, more hotels should do this, it's both welcoming and useful- I had a great large room with a fabulously comfortable bed and sofa and a large walk in wardrobe / dressing area - My friend and I had dinner in the restaurant and had charming service (and good food) from sexy waiters - a bonus, we felt- There were nice touches like chocolates in the room, a handwritten welcome note, flowers on the breakfast tray- The room was beautifully quiet despite the fantastic central location - All the service felt heartfelt and charmingI honesly can't fault this hotel - it's comfortable, sexy, glamorous and welcoming and I'll definitely be back.	
Oct 26 2009 	The most fantastic place to stay	when the words that greet you at reception are &quot;you've been upgraded to a suite&quot; you know your stay is going to be great. Our room was perfect in every detail.Ten minutes later a box of chocolates appears...plus the use of DVD library...plus TV in the bath...plus friendly staff this hotel makes you feel at home from the moment you arrive...it really was the most perfect place I have ever stayed in...thank you	
Oct 21 2009 	Amazing	Wow. What a great hotel. Love the design. Love the rooms. Great staff. Best Firmdale Hotel in London.	
Oct 10 2009 	Its all true!	This hotel really delivers! Expensive yes but still good value for money. Staff were amazing...very professional but still friendly and you got the feeling that they wanted to be there. Room was spacious, light and airy and the bed was so comfortable. Bathroom was great and the breakfast.....words can’t describe! Main bar had a great atmosphere, only one small gripe was that it closed at 11,could have spent another hour or two in there. Overall I would highly recommend to anyone looking to stay in a top central London hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	"Simply The Best"	I was fortunate enough to visit the Haymarket Hotel again last month and have to say its probably become my favourite London Hotel. Forget all the pomp of the big 5 star names in London, this hotel offers individuality, style and is totally chic but in the most relaxed way possible. Every detail has been studied to the enth degree and you can't fail to be impressed with what this chain of exclusive hotels has done. If you're on business, stopping over or want a special occasion to be memorable, look no further. I can't praise or recommend these guys enough. Well done Lisa Brooklyn and all the staff of the Haymarket, you're the smoothest operation in town and in my opinion &quot;Simply The Best&quot;.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wow.	I am deeply impressed. First of all the hotel is located in the theater district of London. 5 minutes from Piccadilly Circle and Trafalgar Square. The hotel is nice, stylish and modern. The rooms are nicely sized (for New York standards). I love that you can watch TV while soaking in the tub. What impressed me most was the staff. So helpful, no attitude and willing to go the extra mile for a request. We came home at 4 AM and were greeted by name (!) and asked whether we wanted a wake up call with breakfast tea/coffee. When they realized that we had to leave early the next morning he suggested to prepare it to go, so we could sip our tea/coffee in our cab on the way to the airport. FAB.Also loved the pool. Comes with a high price tag, but is worth every penny.	
Oct 4 2009 	Magnificent	Top class hotel with amazing service &amp; fantastic staff.......quality from start to finish.	
Oct 1 2009 	Simply sublime...as if in a fairytale the entire stay was magical.	It has been 7 months since my family left London after a week-long spring break vacation and our 4 children (ages 6, 8, 8 and 12) still rhapsodize about our enchanting stay at the Haymarket Hotel. At first, I was apprehensive about booking this hotel since all of the reviews I had read labeled it a hipster hotel but I was interested in the fact that it was the only hotel I knew in London with an indoor pool and I knew that could come in handy with my children if the weather turned too grey. I was concerned that the Haymarket would not be &quot;family friendly&quot; and, while my children are very well-behaved they are, well, children, and I was not in the mood to be ignored by a stuffy staff. My concerns were immediately put to rest when we were greeted by the warm and welcoming front desk staff. They not only treated my children as attentively as they did the size 0 models and slickly dressed businessmen who populated the hotel, but they immediately upgraded us to a luxurious 2-bedroom suite upon check-in. To say that the hotel is beautiful would be an understatement. It is sumptuously appointed (and this comes from a person who cannot remember the last time she used the word sumptuous) and the attention to detail was amazing. I am not sure, but I would bet that a woman designed the hotel. The color pallate was gorgeous and everything was so tasteful and artistic that it made this mom of 4 embrace her inner hipster. My children loved sitting in the drawing room, enjoying an afternoon tea that surpassed any I have ever had in England. After days of sightseeing, my children took a dip in the luxurious infinity pool every evening and once, when a British fashion magazine was having a photo shoot in the pool, the concierge came down and personally told the photographer that he had to accomodate my children as they were hotel guests and wanted to use the pool. Complimentary milk and cookies were sent up to our room and the staff knew us by name after the first day. I often travel for work and have stayed at Claridges and properties owned by the Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, Ritz Carlton and Peninsula and I can tell you that I have never had a more lovely stay at a hotel. Unfortunately, I did not get the name of the concierge and have never properly thanked them. To add insult to injury, I am just now getting around to write a review (the first I have ever written online). There is no way to thank them for the memories they gave to my family or for how touched I was that they made my children feel so special. I would urge anyone to treat themselves to this wonderful hotel and to tell the smiling lady at the front desk that the American woman with the 4 kids told them to go!	
Sep 22 2009 	what a splendid idea for a celebration	We wanted to stay in London for a family celebration including dinner. Asia de Cuba was the venue for the dinner - and the food, ambience and service were fantastic. However, the St Martin's hotel were less than helpful with a reservation for three rooms. In fact their special offer for rooms with dinner would have worked out more expensive than had we booked them separately. So - we swapped to the Haymarket Hotel around the corner and it proved to be completely fantastic. Yes, more expensive, but the rooms are glorious. Huge bathrooms, comfortable beds and lovely staff. And for a difference in London a spectacular pool complete with bar. Lunch and breakfast together extended the stay and meant that a one night stay felt like an entire weekend break. We have always loved the Covent Garden Hotel which is in the same group, but for something special, stay here	
Sep 21 2009	Best hotel I have ever stayed in	This hotel is jaw droppingly beautiful. The combination of modern furniture and quirky antiques, which go together seamlessly, is just astounding. The room I stayed in was beautifully fitted out with a large dressing room, sofas and a stunning bathroom. The pool area is also a must see, with gold sofas, huge lamps, tables and a bar area in the corner. Describing the fixtures and fittings in this hotel really doesn't do it justice-It has to be seens to be believed, but in my humble opinion the designer is a genius! As well as staying at the hotel, I also had a pampering hen party in one of the rooms off the pool area and I have to say the hotel staff could not have done more to make this a memorable occasion for me and my guests. The hotel's restaurant is also fabulous and has a very reasonable set menu. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone who likes pure luxury and something a little bit different.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great location great hotel (if you can afford it)	I stayed at The Haymarket on business and it provided an excellent and relaxed setting. It's brilliantly placed for nights out in central London	
Aug 25 2009 	3rd stay - keeps getting better	I love the Haymarket. I travel to London quite frequently on business and it has become my favorite place. I like the location as it is feels a bit private, even though it is two blocks from Piccailly. They have beautiful large rooms. The staff is great, as is the service. They also have a number of rooms off the lobby where you can do business meetings over drinks or tea. I have stayed at most of the Firmdale hotels and they are all very well run - the Haymarket is my new favorite.	
Aug 17 2009 	Fabulous!!	I LOVE the Firmdale Hotel Group. A couple of years ago we stayed at The Knightsbridge and had a wonderful time, the staff there were very friendly and the room beautiful. This time we stayed at The Haymarket since we would only be in town for one night and wanted to be in the middle of the action. The hotel was just perfect. We walked from one end of the city to the other. After visiting the Abbey Road zebra crossing (teenage girls) we took a bus back and were thrilled to discover that it stopped right outside the hotel. We walked to Covent Garden for shopping and we walked to our theatre that evening to see a show (Avenue Q - it's hilarious). We were unexpectedly thrilled with the hotel restaurant, we had dinner there and while we were rushed because it was pre-theatre the food was delicious. Breakfast was wonderful - order the High Breakfast, outstanding, little tasty nibbles of just about everything on the menu. This is definitely our &quot;staying in London&quot; hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	amazing hotel friendly staff and a welcoming not stuffy atmosphere!	stayed here with my husband and 2 year old daughter, the hotel itself is very conceled with just a smallish doorway but once you enter it really is ggorgeous, decor is very light bright and quite modern and it certainly does have the wow factor. I have stayed at the soho hotel and love it this hotel is definetly on the same level of comparison it feels more like a boutique hotel and the staff are very friendly indeed just cant do enough for you.We ate at brummus and the food was lovely staff were exceptional here in the restaurant and in the bar, the pool is something quite special and adds something unique to the hotel.Our room was a junior suite and it was really lovely, spotless and we had some lovely little touches left in the room like a pillow spray for us to use and a robe also for our daughter she just loved it here too.I think to sum it up : location excellent , hotel is special and rooms gorgeous but the main element in this hotel is its fantastic staff who went one step further for us at all times when we stayed here. THANKYOU!!I really loved this hotel and would definetly stay again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Heavenly Haymarket	Why stay anywhere else? The Haymarket has it all, and we enjoyed every moment of our six night stay.The location is prime, within a few minutes walk you can be at any number of theaters, museums and shops of every description. Piccadilly, Charing Cross and Leicester Square tube stations are all just a few minutes away. Our room faced a blissfully quiet dead-end side street, so nice to come home to for a quick nap mid-day.The decor throughout is amazingly charming. There are rustic touches here and there, like rough wood stools and slightly edgy contemporary art set against a rather girly palette of pattern and color. There are several public spaces in which you can cozy up with a book and enjoy a cup of tea or an innovative cocktail.Guestrooms are individually decorated, ours had a very calm feel to it. Decorated in soft blue and cream, we found it superbly comfortable. An incredible king bed sat opposite a fireplace and plasma TV. There was a second TV built into the granite wall above the generously sized tub. All the bells and whistles are here, including very thoughtful touches such as a waterproof remote for the bathroom telly, and a sensor which turns off the tub taps so as to not overflow. There was an enormous shower stall as well, and double basins with great lighting. We had a separate dressing area next to the very well-stocked minibar as well. The room had a desk area with a built-in DVD player, and 2 comfy chairs and a small table where we enjoyed our included Full English Breakfasts. Our room was located on the main floor, but we felt very secure as the windows have locks and there is a wrought iron railing between the sidewalk and the building.Food was fine but nothing mind-boggling. Brumus Restaurant has an Italian-ish menu with very reasonable prices for such a swank place. You can enjoy a full proper Afternoon Tea here as well (or have it in one of the many lovely areas around the Lobby). Service is lovely, polite but informal. Concierge services are fine, though we were sent on a long walk to a recommended restaurant only to find it closed, so make sure they call ahead. Desk staff are courteous, and the doormen and wait staff a delight.A few minor negative comments: one night, very late, we were awoken by someone having a phone conversation. It was so loud we momentarily thought someone was in the room, but this only occurred once and obviously came from an adjacent room. Also I found the scent of the Miller Harris bath products a bit powdery, but many guests rave about them.Downstairs there is an amazing swimming pool and a richly decorated Bar area. There is also a terrace area upstairs where you can enjoy a cool drink on a warm day.I would stay here again without hesitation- in fact I can hardly wait to go back. Haymarket is a very special place indeed. The large, comfortable rooms and wonderful service also make it a very good value.	
Jun 11 2009 	beautiful hotel but some minor niggles	I stayed her with my wife and daughter from the 17th to 20th April 2009. The hotel is immaculate and decorated in a trendy 'chintz-chic' style. The staff cannot be faulted and the large indoor pool is a major selling point. One great touch was added when following our failure to operate the DVD, a staff member came promptly to show us and because of the delay brought our 6 year old daughter a bowl of popcorn to accompany her viewing. The breakfasts were also excellent. Two small gripes. They charge for wi-fi and actually overcharged my usage on the bill. WHY do hotels charge for this? Second the location of the hotel means that outside rooms are very noisy late at night when the neighbourhood nightclubs close. I recommend the Haymarket, but one of their sister hotels, the Soho, is even better - and much quieter.	
Jun 11 2009 	Enjoyed my stay and will try it again	Staying at the Haymarket Hotel was really wonderful. As other reviewers mention, the staff is super nice and helpful (although sometimes, not the best informed). I really like the room decor - tasteful and interesting. It was a good size as well. Despite being on a busy, noisy street, the room is super quiet as the windows are well insulated (except the bathroom - but you can shutting the door solves the issue). Breakfast was tasty. Next time - I look forward to checking out some of the other features that hotel offers.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved this hotel I didn't want to go home!	We had a fantastic stay at this hotel. It has the whole package! Beautifully decorated, clean &amp; comfortable rooms, very friendly &amp; helpful staff, great lively bar and a wonderful library and conservatory area for a quiet drink. I definitely look forward to my next stay - we wouldn't stay any where else in London now. All this and we unexpectedly had our rooms upgraded! What more could you ask for?	
Jun 7 2009 	Just Fab!	I stayed here with my partner the weekend of the London marathon 2009. It was ideal for him due to its proximity to the finish line of the marathon. The room was gorgeous, the breakfast was lovely and the little nuances really made it a memorable experience. I cannot speaker higher of the standard of service in this hotel. It's such a breath of fresh air to see hotel employees taking such an interest in its guests! Well done!	
May 20 2009 	Spectacular 5* Hotel in a great location	Just returned from a brief stay at the Haymarket and I couldn't have been happier. Was traveling with 2 little kids (3 and 5) and my wife. First - location. It is around the corner from the National Gallery and Leicester Square and a short walk to Picadilly circus and a ton of shops, restaurants, etc. Great location.Service - top notch. Front desk was very helpful with reservations, directions, bags, etc. All were very, very friendly. We were upgraded to a suite too.Room - modern with a unique, retro touch. Bed was large and comfy. Hi speed 'net. Great minibar although it was too expensive to eat from. Bathrooms were spacious with top amenities, waterproof TV by tub, great shower, 2 sinks, etc. Lobby serves snacks, cupcakes, tea sandwiches complimentary. What really blew us away was the pool. The hotel has an amazing underground pool with ceiling lights that look like little stars, an enormous colorful light design at one end of the room, full bar, beautiful wood tables and chairs, changing rooms, and full food service. I've never seen anything like this in a hotel. Not your average hotel or pool.The hotel was really comfortable and the staff made us feel welcome. They were also very nice to our little kids and everyone greeted them with smiles and hellos.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London for business or leisure. Only drawback is the high price but then again, hotels in London aren't cheap, and the amenities helped make up for it. Only comment is that for the prices charged, complimentary wi-fi would have been nice.	
May 19 2009 	Very good - but doesn't quite live up to some reviews	This hotel is perfectly located (steps from Trafalgar Square and very central for business), lovely, elegant, and has excellent rooms. Service is mixed - great, if you get the right person - dismissive otherwise. One of the warmest and most gracious welcomes I've ever received when I first arrived, but after my first night, I stopped at the desk on the way out to ask that they check on the shower (almost no hot water pressure at all) and the portable phone (handset didn't work properly). When I returned that evening (I was gone for a good 10 hours), neither had been addressed at all. I asked again on my way out to dinner, and both were fixed (though the phone was replaced with another that didn't work either) by the time I returned later that night.The only negative about the room other than the things that didn't work is that the in-room safe isn't large enough to accomodate a full-size laptop ... but they were gracious about checking it for me at the front desk.It's very likely that this will be the hotel I use in London for the foreseeable future. But, there are a few rough edges.	
May 10 2009 	Luxury with a smile	Having stayed at many of the 5 star business hotels in London, I tried the Firmdale Group for the first time over Easter weekend, and they rose to the occasion!When you step into the Haymarket's lovely foyer you realise that they intend to do things differently. Their service is efficient but also very friendly, and sets a tone that I have not seen at any other hotel group (including Four Seasons, St Regis, Mandarin Oriental - where the service is more professiona and distant).I asked the concierge to book tickets for the Picasso show, and these were brought to my room without asking.I was also upgraded to a larger room, and everything in the room was of the best quality - from the Loewe TV to the bedding. (Although housekeeping somehow left me without a TV remote.)The breakfast was excellent (everything of the best quality - without trying to show off), and the service was again friendly yet efficient.The Haymarket is very well located for London, slap bang near Travalgar Square and within walking distance to most of the major sites.This was truly a very special experience, for the type of traveller who has seen everything else and just wants to be welcomed into a comfortable and funky hotel that feels like home. True luxury indeed.	
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastic but pricey	I stayed here for two nights with my wife and 2 year old daughter and it was an absolute joy. Service was impeccable, the bed fantastic and the room was very large for London standards.This is not your average sterile 5-star hotel. It is flamboyant in its own way, with gutsy colourful design. Only downside is the price. We stayed here out of curiosity, because we wanted to try something new and different and we weren't let down. But still, £325 for a deluxe double room is simply too much....	
Apr 6 2009 	Elegant attentive and BEAUTIFUL!	I am young and single and I stayed at the Haymarket in March of 2009 for 3 nights and it was Amazing. Its very Trendy and yet traditional. Great Bar area, which is open to the public, so you get the Happy Hour crowd, which are upscale thirtysomethings.....Staff was AMAZING, so accomodating, so Attentive.....Its a 5 minute walk into Theatreland and Picadilly Circus, its the perfect location for everything and anything.The rooms were awesome. We faced the Street with two Tiny Balconies. The beds and the sheets were plush. The bathroom had a shower, seperate Jacuzzi tub with a TV and a towel heater, as well as his and her sinks. The only problem was there was no fan, so if your showering, it gets crazy hot and steamy... they provide you with an IPOD Stereo adaptor upon request...The staff is completly at your beck and call......	
Jan 16 2009 	Thought it will be hip and trendy its not.	Haymarket hotel is really an excellent hotel. It is very beautiful and our luxury junior suite was very pretty, spacious and had great bed and bathroom. Breakfast was included in our rate and was excellent, served in a very pretty room and was accompanied with a team of class act waiters. Everything is just as cozy and friendly as expected.The only thing I was disappointed with was the fact that it really isn't &quot;happening&quot;. On our 2 nights stay, the lobby, restaurant and public areas where simply dead. I would defiantly recommend Haymarket hotel for travelers who like great design and service. Personally I would rather stay next time at a place that actually has a pulse. If you don't care about a night scene – you will love it a lot.	
Dec 14 2008 	Style with Substance	The Haymarket is an intimate, boutique hotel in the heart of London that manages to blend style with substance. If you’re accustomed to either style or substance and you wonder why it’s not possible to have both, this is the hotel for you. Housed in the former American Express offices just off Haymarket and near Leicester Square, the Haymarket Hotel is a business-focused hotel in the heart of tourist London. We stayed at the Haymarket for three nights in November. We had a deluxe King room on the third floor on the front of the building. We loved the design and functionality of the hotel’s public spaces and our guest room. Owner/designer Kit Kemp clearly knows what she’s doing in terms of creating a beautiful, stylish, comfortable space that you instantly feel at home in. Unfortunately, she neglected to include double-pane windows in the guest rooms: we were awakened at 3am on our second night by rowdy Londoners hanging out by their cars on the small street in front of the hotel. The hotel boasts a modern, very red, and very pretty restaurant and bar on the main level and a fantastic pool and bar on the basement level. Breakfast is served in the restaurant and the selection of fresh options is healthy as well as delicious. Service throughout the hotel is good and we felt well cared for during our entire stay. It doesn’t have the formal efficiency of a Four Seasons (it’s a bit too relaxed for that), but it is good. This is a hotel that is driven by its design, and that’s not a bad thing (as it might be in other, lesser hotels). All of the public spaces are unique and memorable: we particularly enjoyed the library (with honor bar - a fun touch) and the complimentary afternoon canapes in the solarium (with driftwood chandeliers and dramatic wallpaper). The rooms are high-style and comfortable and feature high-tech touches such as flat screen televisions and numerous lighting options (not to mention gorgeous bathrooms with granite and porcelain). We really enjoyed our visit (other than the windows) and would definitely consider staying here again.	
Nov 25 2008	Superbly run with lots of character	The Haymarket is in a terrific location south of Picadilly, and furnished in a quirky but warm style (somewhere between traditonal and contempory) with lots of unique, interesting accessories in the rooms and public spaces. There's a large pool in the basement that's long enough to swim laps in. My room was the larger junior suite, which was a single enormous room with a very large bathroom.The management and staff here are exceptional, among the very best I've ever experienced in the world. They're solicitous without being too formal, friendly without being obsequious, smart enough to figure out what you want quickly and get it done. The small size of the Haymarket (about 50 rooms) is probably one reason. I'd be curious to see if the staffs at Firmdale's other London hotels are as good.I thought the buffet breakfast was terrific.You pay for all this, dearly. But I would gladly return.	
Nov 7 2008 	Best hotel experience ever	We stayed at the Haymarket Hotel for 4 nights from Oct 17th and i have to say it was my best hotel experience to date. We have stayed in many five star hotels around the world including one and only resorts , four seasons etc which are great but you are just a number. At the Haymarket you feel at home , staff are exceptionally well trained , front desk check in friendly and very attentive to needs.As we were staying for the four nights we inquired about an upgrade which we got on the second night for the remaining three nights as the hotel was fully booked on check in. Both our original and delux room were carefully designed and finished to a very high standard. Attention to detail is a major facet of this hotel and i could not find fault with any aspect of our stay.Breakfast is very good , great selection and staff very helpful and professional. We had dinner via room service on one of the nights and just enjoyed dining in our wonderful room.Concierge very helpful and knowlegable on restaurants and secured bookings for us on short notice, could`nt be more helpful.Hotel location is great in the heart of the west end and within walking distance to most desirable locations, including covent garden and regent/ oxford street.The hotel is a little on the pricey side given the offers that are currently out there, but on a value for money basis it is worth every penny. I could not recommentd highly enough this Hotel and will be returning in early 2009.The only area that i thought could be improved is the speed at which you are intially waited on in the bar area, it was a liitle slow but once you had ordered service was fine from then on. Looking foward to our next visit and thank you to the management and staff	
Nov 2 2008 	Wonderful Little Boutique!	Haymarket Hotel is exactly what I would expect for a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. Upon arrival, we were greeted by very friendly staff, who went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we wanted and needed for our stay. We were walked around the hotel to be shown the bar, restaurant, library, indoor pool...wow! We paid the B&amp;B rate, and had the option of having our breakfast delivered to our room at no extra cost to us.Although it is a bit pricey, we felt it was well worth the indulgence...with the flat screen TV over the tub, turn down service, and EXCELLENT and friendly staff! What a treat!	
Sep 22 2008 	GREAT	The Haymarket Hotel was a wonderful stay. It's expensive but worth the money. I was somewhat concerned from the pictures that the style was just a little too feminine for my taste - but once you are there, not at all. The beds and pillows might be the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The bathrooms were great. The service expectional. I stayed in a suite and there was plenty of space. The service was top-notch. Common areas very nice. Everything is maintained at the highest level. The design of the pool area was quite amazing. The pool area is definitely more of a hang-out than 'let's take a swim', but that worked for me. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 16 2008 	Best Hotel in London - No Question	I am an international business traveller and have stayed at many of the best luxury hotels in the world. In London I have normally stayed at the Halkin which I considered to be very good for London but not world class. After switching to the haymarket I have been very impressed by both the property and in particular the staff. Let me count the ways:1) Beautiful décor attention to detail. The furnishings, wall coverings, fabrics, and colors are really well chosen. The resulting atmosphere is happy, bright, calming, and homely. I would hire their interior designer in a second is how pleasant it is.2) Great beds and bathrooms. The bed was very comfy and clearly a notch above the standard king bed used in most London four star mattresses. The bathroom was large and very well designed and aesthetic with granite, white porcelain, oak and metal finishes. 3) The most hospitable staff. The staff here are very friendly. They remember you. You really get a sense they care and they are looking after you. They are also very friendly and always helpful.4) Great artwork. The hotel has really nice artwork throughout the property which create an uplifting environment5) Lounge, library and pool. All of these are terrific.6) Good room service. The food was very good. 7) Everything works. London hotels are notorious for bad plumbing, badly designed shower doors, lack of well placed power sockets, etc. At the haymarket everything works perfectly and is designed for convenience. Eg deskmounted power sockets so you can easily plug in your laptop, walk-in closet with automatic lights, dressing area with well placed mirror. The design is well thought.	
Aug 7 2008 	Lovely but silly charges	We had a lovely stay at the Haymarket. Our junior suite was extremely spacious, with a wonderful bathroom, comfortable bed and a great location. Quibbles, of course, there is never any reason to charge the exorbitant rates for internet access. Never, it is ridiculous. We found service to be quite pleasant thought our stay and the concierge was wonderful. Another quibble, the day we had to check out our flight did not leave until midnight. I had told this to the concierge in advance and had asked him to make reservations for us for dinner and then arrange for a car to to take us to Gatwick. It turned out that check out was at 11 am, that is silly. We were allowed to keep the room until 1 pm. That was nice, what wasn;t nice was that when we came back to the hotel just to hang out, and the public areas are magnificent, nobody thought of offering us complimentary tea or drinks. It seemed that everybody else who was seating there was waiting for their room to be ready and they were showered with tea, cakes and pastries, but we, who had already spent a lot of money for a junior suite were already out of their minds. I did not appreciate that.All in all, I will return to the Haymarket, the summer before that we stayed at the Soho and I loved it just as much, my husband prefers the location of the Haymarket. Really beautifull decor too.	
Aug 3 2008	Beautiful sanctuary	My husband and I stayed here for a birthday treat and it was fabulous. Our room was huge, beautifully decorated with lovely finishes. Everything was spotless and all looked brand new. The lounge areas are comfortable and, again, stunningly decorated. The pool is fab. I can't fault it, actually.	
Aug 1 2008 	2nd time around	I had the good fortune to get back here within a month of my first stay. The second visit is always a little different especially if you had a great time the first go. It felt like coming home as I knew all the staff and again my room was ready even at 7.30am. I had a different room this time, a little smaller and on the first floor, which meant i was at eye level of the top deck of the buses that stopped just outside but no drama there. once again the service was fantastic with the staff always willing to go out of their way to meet your needs. the location is great and I had quite a few meetings there and often came back during the day to rest up. the previous reviewer raised some issues about the swimming pool being closed for functions. this happened whilst i was there also and i was a bit put out at not being able to hit the pool after a long hot day out. i did take it up with the GM, Lisa, who took it on board and made up for it with a drink and an extended check out on my last day to 6pm which was very helpful. It's worth checking with the hotel when you book as to whether the pool will be in use if that's important to you. they do offer free visit to a local fitness centre or there's always 1 Aldwych down the road. I'd still stay there next time and make sure i swim in the morning.As to the cost, yes its not cheap but when you are there on business for 4/5 days the experience and convenience more than makes up for the extra expense. I'll be back...again!	
Jul 26 2008 	A fine place built largely on greed	We spent a full week here in this beautifully designed hotel. The location is perfect and the rooms are whimsically designed, but not intrusively so. However the hotel is not content to merely charge outlandish rates, but is always hitting you up for more, which is annoying and verges on insulting. Internet access is $40/day, phone calls are unconscionably expensive, and the restaurant/bar are extremely over-priced for the indifferent food &amp; service that they offer. Most annoyingly, the hotel's true design gem is a pool bar (pictures are ubiquitous online). But all but ONE of the six nights that we were here it was strictly off limits to paying guests because they were renting it out for private events. It just isn't right that they market their hotel partly on the basis of a truly delightful feature that they are going to greedily resell to others virtually every night of the year. Also some bizarre oversights - no outlets in the bathroom for hair dryers, and nothing but flood lighting in the bathroom which is either on or off, so forget about a peaceful or romantic bath in the lovely tub. Odd that such obvious things were not thought through.	
Jul 25 2008	Great Location	I stayed there on business, loved the location even thought It was hard to find (no apparent signage outside). The staff where friendly and very welcoming, I had an upgrade to a very nice room. The only downside is that the Windows are not double glazed and I could hear the staff (guess the entrance was below my window) the whole night. The rooms are fabulous and the bathrooms are something to write home about, had a TV in front of my bathtub.	
May 27 2008	beautiful haven in london!	this hotel is really individual and breaks the mould of upmarket hotels ,a little hard to find ,but opposite the fantom of the opera !had afternoon tea there they showed me all the room types ,the yare beautiful look forward to staying there on my next visit to london	
May 26 2008 	Simply Wonderful	We stayed here for 1 night to celebrate a special birthday. We had booked a &quot;deluxe double&quot; but were upgraded to a junior suite. The room was beautiful and spotlessly clean. The staff were really friendly and extremely helpful. We were even given a tour of the hotel on arrival. A letter was also waiting for us at reception inviting us to a free glass of champagne each in the hotel bar. The reception rooms were equally stylish and the attention to detail in the interior design is super. We especially enjoyed afternoon tea in the conservertory which is a delightful room. The only slight thing to mention is our suite did not have a tv in the bathroom as expected but this didn't bother us but may be worth checking if this important to you! Our room rate included full English breakfast in Brumus the following morning which was good. We also had after theatre snacks in the bar which were good too. My husband swam in the pool which he said was rather cold but ok once you got used to it. Overall an amazing hotel with good friendly and very efficient staff who couldn't do enough for you.	
Apr 27 2008	Absolutely Fab!!!	Just returned from a one night stay at the Haymarket Hotel in London. What a find!! It was absolutely fantastic. From the moment we checked in - all the staff were friendly and helpful, arranging for us to have our room early - to the free glasses of champagne because it was my birthday!The room was beautiful, huge bathroom with large shower, two sinks, telly on the wall to watch whilst in the bath, and lovely complimentary toiletries and big fluffy bathrobes. The bed was enormous and sooooooooo comfortable - easily the best I have ever slept in in a hotel anywhere! We had a small dressing room, with safe and well stocked mini bar. Those drinks were pricey - but aren't they always in hotel mini bars? Best to bring your own! When they turn down the beds in the evening they leave complimentary water, and also small box of chocs - but maybe that was because it was my Bday?All the public rooms are spotlessly clean, funky and colourful - the library even has an honesty bar where you are able to help yourself and just jot it down and they add it to your bill later.Downstairs is the pool room - which is unbelievable. Again, really funky with retro gold sofas and a starry sky above - and this huge pool all beautifully lit and very inviting! There's also a small gym down there and treatment rooms for massage and beauty treatments.We had breakfast included in the room price - which was £270.00. That included full english, tea/coffee, juice and toast. We were charged extra when we got the bill for extra juice which we hadn't realised would be extra - but no great shakes.The nearest car park is Whitcomb Street just round the corner - about £40 for 24 hours. The staff at the hotel will valet park for you if you want them to.Without exception, all the staff were smiley - and all spoke english - which seems to be a rarity in hotels these days - even in England!!We have no complaints whatsoever - only one little point - no tea/coffee facilities in the room - but you could bring a travel kettle if desperate! Everything was spot on - so book it without any worrys!!!	
Mar 31 2008 	Best so far	Highly recommended - we have stayed in sister hotel the Soho - but this is far superior - lovely pool area - sufficient gym - room was gorgeous - as was decor throughout - and spotlessly clean in both room and public areas. Attentive staff - delicious food - and what a location - central and convenient.	
Feb 9 2008 	First trip	I was recently in London, and chose to change things up a bit.I have been staying at Brown's in Mayfair and thought I needed a change of scenery. After reading many reveiws of the Haymarket and visiting their website I decided to give it a go.The hotel is well located in Leicester Square - close enough to be within easy walk of Soho, Covent Garden and many of London's more touristy sites. But far enough off Leicester Square to avoid all the &quot;tourists&quot;. The hotel itself is very pretty - check in was prompt, proffessional and friendly. As I checked in a bit late in the day, they offered to arrange for a light dinner in the hotel and also offered to arrange reservations at nearby restaurants. Although I turned this down, I appreciated the thought very much. I stayed in a suite, and as you probably have seen from the pics, that they are spacious, plush and well appointed. While I am not a big fan of the style of the decoration, it is very well done, interesting to live in and above all very comfortable. All the rooms have great natural sunlight, and are open and spacious feeling because of the high ceilings. I have stayed in most of the Firmdale hotels, and I cannot say enough about the beds, they are the most comfortable ones I have ever slept in. I wish I could learn the secret. The rooms have wi-fi access and places in the bedroom to plug in our Ipod.Room service was very prompt and the food very good, albeit a bit pricey.I used the small gym in the basement, which was fine, the doorman also suggestted a number of places for a good 5k run as well. The downstaris pool is really cool, provided you dont mind sharing the area with a cocktail lounge. But that's whaat makes it cool, I think.All in all, a very nice stay, very much up to the standards set by its sister hotels - Covent Garden, Charlotte Street, Soho etc.Highly recommend and I will return.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great - will certainly return	I chose this Hotel for a 2 night break with my partner, based on its proximity to Her Majesty's Theatre where I had booked tickets for Phantom of the Opera. It couldn't have been closer, the theatre is 100 yards away... fabulous central location.Helpful and attentive staff, awesome decor throughout. Wish we could have used the pool, but didn't have time. My only complaint was no kettle/tea and coffee making facilities in our room - they prefer you to order your tea via room service at a ridiculous price -however, when I mentioned this during check out I was told I should have asked for a kettle and they would have provided it. Breakfast - expensive, but worth the dosh. This is a classy Hotel with memorable extras. Gift in room on first night, lavender pillow spray included with the &quot;turn down&quot; service, large marble bathroom with twin basins and a shower you could hold a party in. I'd have liked a bath, but the shower almost made up for it. The bed was huge and comfortable - I had to order a taxi to get to the other side of it. Expensive, but you get what you pay for. I was sorry to leave, and will certainly return. Next time I'll ask for a kettle.	
Jan 17 2008	Superb hotel.	Stayed at the Haymarket on Saturday 12th January. The hotel was great (spotlessly clean), the reception staff very efficient, rooms was massive, with lovely bathroom and a huge walk-in wardrobe. Large flat screen TV and a huge bed. Had a nice lunch in Brumms bar within the hotel and also had some drinks in the bar later on in the evening. nice atmosphere.Breakfast was very good and the waiting staff attentive.Yes it is noisy all the time, but hey this is Central London!I'd recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to treat somebody to a bit of glam for the weekend.	
Jan 1 2008	A hotel that exceeds high expectations	I have stayed in London for years at a very wide variety of hotels. I can safely say that this is the first one which has made me think at the end 'that was something special'. I stayed here with work for a week in October and have been there for probably another dozen nights since. The rooms are uniformly good - although the Junior Suite is noticeably worth it. Large room, separate seating areas and chocolates on arrival! Furnishings are fantastic - exude quality and class without being overly fussy or ornate. The beds are fantastic - high and mighty! The bathroom is a great size with TV in the bath in the junior suite.Service is fantastic. I phoned late in the evening for an iron and they told me to leave a shirt and they would iron it for me. I needed it at 6am the next morning and they assured me it would be there at the appointed time - and would I like a cup of tea bought with that?One evening I was working with some colleagues in one of the many nooks in the public area and the manager came over and asked very nicely if we would like a glass of wine and some cheese to tide us over - nice touch.The public areas are really nice - canapes around and a great honesty bar as well. Plenty of areas to have discrete conversations etc.There is a great pool downstairs and the private meeting rooms are very versatile.I ate in the restaurant a couple of times and the service was impeccable and food fine.All in all this is one of those rarest of beasts - a hotel which actually surpasses expectations and delivers in every way.	
Dec 27 2007 	Amazing Comfort 	I highly recommend this theater district hotel. The rooms are big and plush. The service was prompt and friendly. We ate all our meals at the hotel in our room &amp; found the food delicious. The Tivoli radio in the room is a nice touch. The bathroom is gorgeous with a flat screen TV above the tub, great for unwinding after a cold London day. Nice soft towels &amp; robes. The beds are very comfortable with fine soft linens. With turndown service you get yummy chocolate and Hildon spring water. The only downside I found is that the pool water was very cold and there is no sauna in the changing room. I will defiantly stay at the Haymarket again along with trying their other hotels in Soho, Covent Garden &amp; Knightsbridge.	
Dec 18 2007 	a very good new Firmdale property	After staying a few years ago at The Soho, i've started to be a Firmdale lover and it was a priority in my busy planning to come to London for trying the experience at Haymarket Hotel.Located in the Theatre land, you can't expect a better location for everything you want to do in this fabulous city.Next to one of the main theatre, the building is superb and when you see the Firmdale flag in the front of the door, you feel immediatly good.As usual, Kit Kemp has been really good for designing this new hotel of 50 rooms. The Firmdale touch is everywhere from the amazing lobby with a surprising and ultra original scheme of colours to the bedrooms, very large, clean and comfortable where you'll feel so good after a busy day at shopping and sightseeing.Our room 300 was really lovely with a nice view on the roof tops of London and the granit bathroom with large bathtub and a flat screen TV perfect for a relaxing time.Moreover, the cleanliness is remarquable even in the corridors so lovely and it's an other good point at Haymarket.There is also a fabulous swimming pool with a funny lighting system and it's an opportunity to deep in water in an hotel in London.What else to say... A delicious breakfast (maybe the most delicious i've had in my life), a large library still ultra original for a great afternoon tea and a good value for one of the most expensive city.Now, just to inform some customers there are some rooms and suites located on the ground floor and it's not so good for privacy because everybody can see you easily if you don't close the blind and light in the room because the distance between the buildings is not that big...In conclusion, a very good hotel very different but i still prefer The Soho for some personnal reasons.	
Dec 10 2007 	botique hotel in a convenient location	I stayed at the hotel while on a business trip. The location of the hotel is excellent right next to the Haymarket theatre and opposite the Her Majesty's Theatre which is running Phantom of the Opera. The entrance to the hotel is discreet. Its newly renovated with all the newest amenities. Being a botique hotel, it uses contemporary design. Rooms are spacious with a huge bathroom. In room wireless internet access is very expensive.The hotel has a very large swimming pool. It also has a rather small fitness centre in a 10 feet x 20 feet room. They have a restaurant at the front of the hotel which serves brunch and dinner and a bar that stays open till midnight. The staff is very friendly. I arrived before check-in time and wanted to freshen up after a long journey for my business meeting. The front desk checked in my luggage and showed me a shower I could use. By the time, I was ready, they also had a room key for me. I got one of the deluxe rooms 114 which was away from the rest of the crowd - nice but isolated. There are plenty of restaurants close by with all types of cuisine. The hotel is right between Picadelly Circus and Trafalgar square. If you want to get tickets to the theatre, the front desk will give you suggestions and also help you with tickets. About a block away you can go to the UK tourism centre to get all information you need as a tourist. Overall, a very nice and modern hotel right in the heart of London but bit expensive.	
Jul 30 2007 	Fantastic. Beyond Compare.	I travel on a frequent basis and admit to being a fussy hotel stayer. Past stays have included a range from George V through to Le Tousserok so I expect high standards.This was my second stay at The Haymarket and as per usual they exceeded all expectations.The hotel is beautifully designed, and those who comment an Art Gallery obviously fail to appreciate their ethos of bringing good design into a hospitality space. The mix of the historical facade and the furnishings throughout are a complete success.The hotel has a vibe of a small boutique hotel, staff on reception desk and concierge are efficient, friendly and make you feel at home the second you step in the door. No turned up noses in this establishment.The rooms, first stay I was on Sutton Place, second overlooking Haymarket are spacious, comfortable and a cosy feel. One thing I really loved is the fact the rooms are not sterile like so many contemporary hotels. Mixtures of fabrics and probably the most comfortable bed I have ever experienced combine to make the space more like a retreat than a bedroom.I had excellent service throughout, including room service. It's rare I would take time to write a review, but I was so impressed with my stay I felt obliged to.Highly recommended and this has swiftly become the only hotel I would consider in London.	
Jul 17 2007 	Lovely rooms pity about the street	We love the Firmdale hotels in London - Soho, Charlotte St, Covent Garden, Knightsbridge - but Haymarket is not a hotel, it's an art museum. Great to look around and oooh and ahh about the design, but not great to stay in. Kit Kemp has gone one hotel too far.Bar and restaurant are totally overlooked by spotty, pasty faced tourists and autograph hunters who loiter around waiting for celebs to exit Her Majesty's Theatre. Please!Weird public areas designed for conventions rather than me.I didn't feel cared for here, not like Firmdale's other hotels, which feel like they give you a hug when you walk in.Horrid location, despite proximity to theatreland. Hey, how far is it from Covent Garden?!	
Jul 16 2007 	a lovely hotel	My husband and I have just returned from a very enjoyable stay at the Haymarket Hotel.We had a deluxe double room facing Suffolk Place so it was very quiet. The room was beautifully furnished and large, it was also very bright and airy, the bathroom had a plasma T.V. inset into the wall over the bath, if you like that sort of thing. My husband ordered flowers as it was our anniversary and the manager was kind enough to send us complimentary champagne which we enjoyed before going to dinner. The only quibble I would have, is with the service at breakfast which was not to the standard of a hotel of this caliber also the tea at breakfast was awful so we went out for breakfast the following two mornings. This is an expensive hotel but wonderful if you want to treat yourself ,also the location is very good for theaters and shopping. The reception and door staff were very pleasant and friendly. I would stay here again and we also visited their sister hotels in Soho and Covent Garden which are very different. The Soho is very buzzy but I did not like the area but I intend to try Covent Garden.	
Jun 28 2007 	Loved the look of the hotel but service needs improving	We needed a hotel near Leicester Square as we were invited to the Pre-screenig of the New Harry Potter on 24th June at 9.00am. We booked 2 rooms, and the reservations desk was very helpful.We all agreed the hotel is beautiful, the decor lovely and the rooms spacious and well-designed. The pool area is stunning to look at and everyone seemed very friendly. These are the good points.Now the bad...The service was poor especially in the restaurant. We booked a table for 8 for 8 o'clock. I explained we had our 6 year old with us and we wanted to eat in the hotel so she could eat with us and then go up to bed when she was tired..(.we have a monitor and often do this when we go to stay in small hotels)\Having had a pleasant lunch in the restaurant we had high hope for dinner. After sitting at our table for 15 mins we finally got a waiter to take a drinks order...more waiting 15 mins at least before we accosted another waiter to ask for our drinks...finally hey arrived but the champagne bought to us was not the right sort. We asked for bread and were told- (rudely) that we could only have bread once we'd ordered our food.....noooo we are the customer and if we want bread, please get us bread!! Sitting at the table for more than half an hour with no drinks or food is very annoying. especially when you have a tired child with you. We waited so long for water my husband went to fetch some from the honesty bar in another part of the hotel.Eventually the food did come but by this time our daughter was much too tired to eat her rissotto, so left most of it, and I had to take her to bed. All the veal was very poor, tough and dry. the fish and side dishes were good but not amazing.We were left feeling very fed-up.We did let the hotel know about this at checkout and by email and they reasponded with an offer to refund the cost of the veal ,and the service charge and an up-grade iplus a free meal if we return, so I feel they understood that they did not provide a good service and they have taken responsibility.Hopefully yhey can get these glitches sorted out as the hotel is exceptionally lovely and very central.One other sore point, the pool looked gorgeous, but was freezing! Both my husband and daughter went in but got out again in a flash. The whole point of a pool is for it to be swum in, so if it can't be heated until it is pleasant then don't waste the space by having one. I think the hotel uses the space in other ways and probably doesn't want the atmosphere in the pool area to be too hot and steamy, but cold and uninviting isn't condusive to swimming.Again the management have accepted this point and told us the pool was well below temp on our visit. but it was dissappointing as we chose the hotel because it has a pool...we often stay at One Aldwych for a similar reason.In summary we will return, as we feel the hotel has to be given a chance to redeem itself. But if it dissappoints again.......As a complete contrast, we had lunch the next day at Galvin at Windows on the Park overlooking Hyde park, the meal there was exceptional. Very professional, ( mostly French) waiters who were attentive, friendly and funny. the food was perfect, and the whole meal left us all in very high spirits. It was actually less expensive than the meal at Brumus, but the food was in a whole differnt league! 5 stars!)	
Jun 16 2007 	Best hotel in London	Up to date and stylish room. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. Great fixtures. Excellent location.	
Jun 16 2007 	Exquisite	It is always a gamble staying at a new hotel but this one paid off. The hotel is in the heart of the West End and yet was perfectly quiet.The rooms are a good size with a great bathroom albeit without a bath! A large powerful shower was fine.The bedding was crisp and as good as anything i have ever encountered.The staff were attentive and a last minute request for a rollaway was met without fuss. A proferred tip was refused-they were just doing their job i was told.Highly recommended.	
May 11 2007 	Expensive Luxury	The Haymarket Hotel is really the 'greatest hits' of the Firmdale group, owned by Kit Kemp. This place has all their design trademarks: lots of pattern, art, wallpaper, quirky furniture and decent materials. It opened 10 days ago, though clearly there is more work to do. We checked in and were disappointed to be told that the fabulous swimming pool was not open. Our room was upgraded from superior to luxury which seemed a nice gesture...though the room was on the 3rd floor with funny slot windows. There was no double glazing so you really hear the life of the street outside. We enjoyed the Library bar and Conservatory and ate well enough in the restaurant (which is a bit overpowering on the wallpaper front)...My main issue would be the cost. I had not realised their room rate did not include VAT and our bill for dinner with one bottle of wine, 2 glasses of Champagne the room and no breakfast was over £450. That is a lot of money - even for London. I might suggest to get the Firmdale experience you might be better of staying at one of their other properties which are cheaper.	
May 11 2007 	loved it!	Had a great dinner in 'Brumus' the hotel's restaurant which faces directly opposite Her Majesty's Theatre...my bedroom was fabulous and the bathroom enormous...on the day I stayed Posh and Becks were also in house....what more can one say! The pool is spectacular and if you can take a peek at the Shooting Gallery..it's stunning! The hotel's a winner in my book!	
May 10 2007 	Hmm needs work	I am a huge fan of the Firmdale hotels and love the Covent Garden Hotel in particular. Unfortunately the CG was fully booked and so I was directed to the Haymarket which is the newest member of the group and had been open a mere 48 hours. First, the positives - there is no doubt it has been beautifully and elegantly designed and furnished. The location is also fantastic.However, there are some serious problems. The many staff who greeted us every time we were in a public space were universally ineffectual. Worse still they were often intrusive - questions such as 'why are you here' and the manager not taking the hint that we really didn't want to go down to the basement to admire the pool were irritating in the extreme.The staff proved hopeless whenever we needed anything. Several requests were needed before we could (expensively) access the internet. Repeated calls requesting our car be waiting for us on check out were ignored resulting in a 20 minute wait we could ill-afford. And the check out itself was interminable. 7 separate members of staff asked about our experience, but no one seemed able to produce a bill. If I were in a hurry, it would have been infuriating.And to the bill - all hotels in Central London, especially expensively equipped ones are expensive, but this was extraordinary - internet access was twice as much as any other hotel, parking was over £40, breakfast (nice but not that nice) was £36 and some weird 'handling' fee of £10 appeared. An exorbitant amount for a very nice room but with decidedly amateur service which really left me very disappointed. Maybe these are early day teething problems, but I won't be rushing back I am afraid, even if the Covent Garden Hotel is full.	
Nov 2 2009 	Design Emplacement Calme et Service		
Jan 30 2009	???????????		
