Nov 25 2009 	Really nice week end break in beautifull hotel	A nice and friendly hotel in very convenient location. We really enjoyed our stay and will come back. The room was very good size with decent amenities and staff made us feel very welcome.Would recomment this hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very Good Hotel	Good Location, in a nice quiet cul de sac, with the hustle and bustle only minutes away. Hyde Park not too far as well. Had after noon tea with the in-laws which was nice. We had a superior room which was very nicely decorated and comfortable. The guys and girls who worked there were also very friendly, offering us champagne when we arrived early and the room wasnt ready. Although this is probably not standard practice :-)Expensive hotel - but about average price for a london 5 star.	
Oct 15 2009 	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful!	I stayed at the Knightsbridge hotel for 3 nights with my mom and sister. The triple room was spacious and extremely clean. The bathroom was HUGE and had a towel warmer. The service was impeccable and ambience was comfortable, yet stylish. The location could not be beat....very close to Harrod's but on a very quiet street. Also close to the Knightsbridge tube stop. The hotel is so quaintly and stylishly decorated, pictures are very close to reality. I would high recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting London.	
Aug 12 2009 	Immaculate Property	My friend and I stayed here for a week, each in our own single room, and it was a great experience. The staff was very accomodating and eager to help in any way possible to make our stay enjoyable. the room was small, but that was expected, the bathroom was very nice and the room and bath were kept SPOTLESS by the housekeeping staff.Great location for shopping and museums.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great service wonderful hospitable people neat as a pin superb location insulting and expensive Internet policy	We have stayed here before and this time was another example of what a boutique hotel can be like. We stayed here 6 nights between May and June, 2009. We enjoyed Immaculate, colorful floral arrangements, with a gracious polite staff which is always there to help, lovely room decor, excellent concierge service. And, as is often commented upon, beautiful bathrooms, not that you live in them, but they are luxurious and kept spotlessly clean as in your own home. Obviously, the location is wonderufl and we always stay in Knoghtsbridge. The hotel and the bar services are a little pricey, but you expect that in this neighborhood. What you don't expect is a 20 pound daily charge for Intenet services, ,even though it is contracted out to a provider. Since Internet is provided free at many pubs and lesser hotels, this outragious charge is an insult. For an establishment like this,internet should be considered part of the service, like hot water. It's a utility, not a profit center. And burying a 20 pound daily charge in the room rate is not a soluton. At most, I would put a value of 5 pounds a day on the service and include that rate in the room charge -- but not 20!!! This was a major irritation that was with us every day. The rest of the hotel's attributes more than balanced this out, but I give management a thumbs down on this issue to mar an otherwise lovely experience.	
Jul 24 2009 	An Exceptional Gem	We discovered this beautifully designed boutique Hotel when we visited London to attend Wimbledon. We stayed at many extraordinary hotels on this trip but Knightsbridge is by far one of my favorite hotels of all time. I will go back for another visit when I am ready to drive in London again. Great restaurants nearby and of course Harrods is a bonus but the design of this hotel is what made it such an extraordianary experience and the Staff was wonderful!	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent	We stayed here at the tail end of a long trip to Europe - and it was exactly what we needed. Like (as someone else mentioned) a home away from home. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. The rooms are well thought out and adorable. The location is great for shopping - Harrods, etc. I will stay there again next time I am in London. As one minor negative, the check out time of 11 needs to be changed to 12.	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent 5* boutique hotel near Harrods with a homely feel	I spend 2 nights in the Knightsbridge hotel in March 2009 and really enjoyed my stay. The hotel location is great as it is off Brompton Road (with Harrods and other shops just 2 minutes away), in a very quiet dead-end street. The street is really nice as there are trees and all buildings are white with this charming typical English architecture.The hotel has a unique homely feel and has been decorated with elegance, style and originality. Each room has a different decor, which makes you want to come back and try a different room every time. The quality of service is excellent and the staff are all professional and helpful.The only down point in this hotel is that there is no restaurant. There is a 24 hour room service (with good quality food) however; and if you don't feel like eating your meal in your room or want to meet some friends, you can go down to the lovely Library room or the Drawing room. The clientele was quite diverse: families, couples, business men, etc., which is always a good sign for a hotel (I beleive).I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
May 6 2009	Home away from home	An excellent hotel, providing first class service from the moment you walk through the door. The rooms are extravagant, and 'homely', with the food tasty and simple.The staff - fantastic, knowing exactly the kind of service you're after. Located near all the major shops in Knightsbridge, ideal for the shop-til-you-drop weekends, but also in a quiet road, for those relaxing breaks. A hidden gem in the world of hotels and I would highly recommend it.	
Apr 28 2009 	Worth the Money	Well positioned yet quiet and convenient. Comfortable rooms which offer a restful night after a busy day in London. The reception team are pleasant and courteous.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great experience	My husband and I stayed 8 nights at the Knightsbridge Hotel around the Easter weekend. We told them that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary and found champagne, chocolate coated strawberries and a bouquet of flowers in our room - a lovely surprise. we stayed in room 502, on the top floor, which is decorated in tones of green, pink and lilac. The romm had a huge, very comfortable bed, and a very large sitting area (it is actually one of teh larget room in the hotel). The bathroom is all marble, with a great shower/tub combo. The room faced the street that the hotel entrance is on, and I was surprised at how quiet it was, considering you are only a few hundre meters from Harrod's! Service was excellent; even if everyone working there is foreigner, they were very competetnt about directions and gave good recommendation for places to eat. We took every breakfast in the room, and even with a fully booked hotel, service was always thorough and on time. We actually dined in the room once, and the food was once again excellent. I loved the honesty bar system, very well stocked. The common area include the lobby, a sitting room and library (basically another, slightly smaller sitting room); all are very tastefully decorated, and we never found them crowded (howevr, we did not get back until 11pm or later most nights). Overall, a lovely stay, and a place I woudl recommend to friends and family.	
Feb 17 2009 	Loved the Location!	I recently stayed at the Knightsbridge hotel for 5 days in Jan for Business. What can I say, the location is the best! If you are looking for something close to shopping, cafe's, etc without staying in a crowded tourist run location, This is it. The rooms are on the small side, I highly encourage you to get the upgrade to suite. decor is fabulous and the Honor Bar systems is fabulous! staff is friendly and helpful! We will return!	
Feb 6 2009 	wonderfull stay a gem	i will start by saying that on jully i am going back and i will stay there again. first of all the hotel is in super location near harrords and bictoria line that is the most convinient. the rooms are wonderfull, beatifully decorated with marvelous bathroom. the hotel is colorfull and vivid and the front desk is superhelpfull. the area is quiet despite being in the center and both the hotel and the area are clean.	
Dec 25 2008 	Excellent Service	I stayed through a reccomendation of a friend who had previously stayed here. The hotel is in a calm area of knightsbridge. I stayed in a deluxe room which was very delightful and had ample enough of working space. All the staff were genuienly nice and helpful. Definetely looking forward to my next stay.	
Dec 17 2008 	Looking forward to the next visit!	I stayed at the Knightsbridge over a weekend, and can highly recommend the Hotel. It is very central for shopping and easy access to central London for Business. The Hotel had a great relaxed atmosphere and the room was very well presented and comfortable. It is highly recommended for the discerning guest. All the Staff were friendly and helpful, which makes for a more easy stay as an international traveller and I look forward to my next visit.	
Dec 7 2008 	Fab Boutique Hotel	This was our fourth stay and feels like &quot;home away from home&quot;. Can't say enough about this hotel, especially decor, staff and location right in the heart of Knightsbridge. Nothing has changed over the 3 years we have stayed here.Although the hotel may be busy, it is always seems to be a calm haven. At this time of the year it is wonderful to come in and sit in front of the fire in the lounge. We often met friends here and felt very comfortable sitting in either the lounge or library and being able help yourself to a drink from the honesty bar. Room service is a little pricey !	
Oct 20 2008 	Fantastic	Really loved this boutique hotel. Right in the centrer of Knightsbridge, close to Harrods, but quiet. Very friendly and helpful staff in every area. Nothing too much trouble. Will stay there again next time.	
Jul 5 2008 	A Gem!!	The Knightsbridge is an amazing boutique hotel. My husband and I stayed here celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary - it is an ideal romantic hotel! The hotel and rooms are warm and inviting and decorated well. The staff was very accomodating and we received water and chocolate every night when we returned home. The location cannot be beat, just minutes from Harrods and excellent restaurants. It's a bit pricey but worth it if you want a memorable stay!!	
Jun 29 2008	Fantastic hotel	We stayed in the Knightsbridge Hotel, Beaufort Gardens, for only one night in June. Everything was superb from the brilliantly friendly and helpful staff to the beautifully designed and furnished bedroom and guest rooms. It is a fabulous hotel in a great location with great staff.	
Jun 27 2008 	More to do	Great location and staff. Room a little crammed but clean and well maintained. Two nice lounges and an honesty bar well stocked. Breakfast disappointing and not up to other hotel standards. The price structure of breakfast is misleading. Nice stay hotel can improve.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Stay	My husband and I recently spent a weekend in the Knightsbridge Hotel and we were very impressed. From the moment we arrived we really felt that the hotel was a peaceful, relaxing haven in the middle of London. Our room (luxury double) was very comfortable and had lots of extra little touches that really made our stay enjoyable and memorable. The breakfast menu was extensive and although not exactly cheap, we thought it was well worth it. We also had a few drinks on one evening from the well stocked honesty bar, and spend a very peaceful hour in the drawing room.The staff were helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. They were only too happy to help when we asked for directions and we found them courteous and pleasant in all of our dealings with them. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Knightsbridge Hotel, we'll certainly return.	
Jun 8 2008 	Very High end	What a great hotel. We booked the Knightsbridge as the final two nights of a two week vacation. It was definitely the nicest place we stayed (and all were great places). Our room was a little small but was overall a great room. It was expensive but I blame that on the exchange rate and W.	
May 19 2008 	Convenient and Cool	An eclectic, nouveau hip well-located boutique hotel in Knightsbridge, steps from Harrod's, a few minutes from Kensington Gardens, etc. My only complaint is the ridiculously over-priced wireless (20 pounds an hour??).	
May 6 2008 	Nice hotel watch the breakfast costs	We stayed last weekend and were very disappointed with the lack of communication about the actual costs of breakfast.We found this at best confusing and at worse deceptive.On the booking confirmation it indicated that breakfast was included.On the breakfast request card there were no prices.The only prices were in the room service pack which we had not read.There was no kettle in the room enabling us to make a hot drink. On ordering tea the cost was not £4.00 as stated but actually £4.43 why not list it as this on the price list.The hotel itself was attractive but the breakfast fiasco spoilt it for us.	
Apr 1 2008 	FANTASTIC location 	We were a party of 5 celebrating a birthday and thoroughly enjoyed our Easter stay. From the fresh water and chocolates every night, to the complimentary champagne for my birthday, to the bottle of wine to apologise for a small accident in the bathroom... you couldn't fault their service. Excellent rooms with attention to detail, quality fittings and much needed complimentary umbrellas! Food was very good too and the honesty bar was fab. Would definitely recommend and be back when in London!!!	
Mar 11 2008	Wonderful experience	Our four night stay at the Knightsbridge made our holiday in London all the more memorable. The hotel has a real warmth which you notice as soon as you walk in the door. Our room was fabulous. All of the staff were superb, always friendly and nothing was a problem. Special mention must go to Per, the head concierge, who went out of his way to help us with anything we needed. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking to have a fantastic London experience!Brett and Amanda, Gold Coast, Australia	
Jan 21 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Perfect location for shopping and although the hotel has no restaurant room service and food is excellent! Could not fault the staff who were so friendly and helpful including a lady on reception who helped us out when my husband was ill. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 4 2008	Loved this hotel	The property and staff were lovely. I felt chic as soon as I walked in. The three lobby spaces are beautifully decorated-modern but not minimalist. Each evening I had a drink in the library and felt like I was staying in a modern english country house. Most importantly for me, the hotel felt very new and very clean. My room, a superior single, was small but beautiful-exactly what I expected from the website. The closet was large, there was a good place to put my suitcase, the bathroom was big and beautiful, though there was no tub, just a shower-be sure to request a tub. The location was perfect-walk to Harrods, Harvey Nichols, the V and A, the natural history museum. Close to underground. Really a perfect place to stay. My only recommendations are to request a room on the front-I chose a back facing room thinking it would be quieter, but the from street is very quiet and a nicer view. Also ask for a tub if you want one. The staff is young, friendly, and tech savvy. One guy checked my fight home for me online so I didn't have to hold on the phone.I would go again tomorrow if I could.	
Jan 2 2008 	Cute and convenient	This is a cute hotel in a very convenient location in Knightsbridge. It is a quick walk to Harrods and the museums. The hotel itself is intimate and boutique style with an interesting &quot;honesty bar,&quot; which is a well stocked pantry in the lobby that you take what you want and just sign on a sign out sheet. The hotel is decorated very tastefully with interesting art and the room is both attractive and comfortable. I would classify it as casual luxury. One warning; I got the superior double and it was tiny! I would definately stay here again.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Experience!	The Knightsbridge Hotel was recommended to us by a friend, the location is superb, the rooms and accommodation first class. The staff were warm, attentive and very professional. The rooms have an english charm and it is the little details that makes it like no ordinary hotel. We have stayed on two seperate occasions and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that appreciates comfort in a stylish setting.	
Oct 18 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Knightsbridge for 4 nights Oct 4-8. The hotel is very well located on a quiet street right near Harrod's, etc.. We walked everywhere. Our friend lives in Chelsea and it was only a 20 minute walk. The hotel also booked a private car for us to tour around a bit.The room was spacious and very affordable (for London standards, still $650/night). The bathroom was big and we got a newspaper every morning. The hotel lobby has a very nice sitting area with fireplace. Very comfortableI would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Quiet Gem overlooking Harrods	Travelers from San Francisco AreaWe arrived at the Knightsbridge Hotel very early on a Sunday morning expecting to drop off our luggage and drag ourselves around London until our room was available and we could nap.Much to our surprise we were immediately shown to our room, a bit on the small side but big on charm. Everything in the room, from the lamps to the bath sachets translated to cool! We had a wall of windows overlooking the Harrods' dome which is lighted at night! One would expect such an area to be noisy and crowded but the Knightsbridge is halfway down a cul-de-sac, which insures quiet right in the heart of Knightsbridge!Breakfast was included and served in our room at the appointed time. Although a simple breakfast it was some of the best food we had in London. The bath was large with lovely bath products including a delightful box of bath sachets.I just wish our dollar were stronger so we could return more quickly to the Knightsbridge.	
Sep 24 2007 	Highly Recommend	Myself and my husband stayed in this hotel last week. We stayed two nights. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough, the room was gorgeous, the staff really helpful, it's really near the tube, harrods, harvey nichols etc. I will definitely be staying in this hotel again.	
Aug 29 2007 	Concierge sucks...	The rooms are very nice (except that our a/c was loud), the location is great BUT the concierge sucks!!! when my husband and I travel we like to stay in nice hotels not only for the rooms ect but for the concierge and hotel services. We tried to book tikets for a movie one night and it was such a to do they could not do it.. I can't imagine if I tried to book show tickets through them. Overall its a nice hotel but I probably won't stay here again. Eat at amaya its a fabulous indian restaurant...	
Aug 21 2007 	Another great Firmdale Hotel	This is our 3rd stay in a Firmdale Hotel and I'm starting to sound like a paid sales rep. We have already tried Soho and Covent Garden and now Knightsbridge. Once again this hotel hits all the marks. You have two choices for parking, next door at the Harrods car park or directly outside where the concierge will feed the meter until 6pm whereafter its free. They take care of the congestion charge as well - all makes for a hassle free stay. The rooms and interior decor are just beautiful. There is no dining room as such but you can take breakfast in one of the ground floor rooms. We chose breakfast in bed which was a real treat. The staff are wonderful, extremely helpful and very courteous - I think Firmdale must be cloning them somewhere. The location for shopping is brilliant being tucked away in a quiet close but immediately between Sloane Square/Kings Road and Harrods. There are numerous great restaurants around. If you are fed up with the ubiquitous Hilton/Marriott/Shearton blah blah then these hotels are just perfect. Same price but in a different league.	
Aug 6 2007 	Well looked after	We stayed with friends at this hotel just a few weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Normally we stay in the large chains such as Hilton but for a change we decided to taste the boutique experience. We are glad we did, the Knightbridge had a home from home feel about it and although has no formal dining rooms has lovely comfy lounges perfect for that pre-show/post shopping glass of champagne. The honesty bar is well stocked with everything from champers to cocktail making kits. Breakfast is served in this room too however we chose to take it in our room which was far more self indulgent. The staff were polite and attentive. Dino the concierge was very helpful and nothing seemed too much trouble. Even though this hotel is just off the main road it feels very secluded.The down part -Our friends room although beautiful and spotless were small, however this was made up for by the frette linen and miller and harris products. Our room was fine so its pretty much luck of the draw. I will def be staying here again.	
Jul 16 2007	Excellent boutique hotel Excellent Location	Stayed at this hotel for two nights. Had a great experience. I would highly recommend this hotel to tourists to London.Hotel is small but extremely well designed across a couple of large traditional London townhouses situated in a quiet square just off Knightsbridge in central london. Its a fantastic location for leisure travellers: easy access to harvey nicks, restaurants, museums, cabs, tube.Rooms are well designed clean bright. Bathrooms were large and well equipped. Staff were helpful, enthusiastic and polite. Concierge was excellent. Communal areas chic and clean. As a boutique hotel they didnt have a formal bar but the communal honesty bar was extremely well stocked - hagen daz, snacks and any and every drink you could think of. (I didnt use room service so couldnt comment on it)Previously stays in London have been at the Berkley, Claridges, Dorchester, The Parkes hotel and the Met.This hotel as a boutique hotel i'd rate very favourably against any of them. I would highly recommend it. For London its extremely good value for money.	
Apr 8 2007 	Excellent stay	Recently stayed here for two nights. Great hotel with excellent service and location. We ate breakfasts in the common rooms which were stylish. Although no gym, it's close to Hyde Park for those who like to jog. Only minus was the small size of the room which was small even for London. The room, however, was very nicely appointed and spotless. Other minus was the wireless internet which was very slow.	
Feb 18 2007 	Great Times	I would recommend this hotel to anyone - great location, very quiet &amp; peaceful, beautifully decorated, great attention to detail, pleasant &amp; helpful staff, good food...	
Jan 17 2007 	What a wonderful hotel!	My husband and I stayed at The Knightsbridge recently for three nights. The hotel was absolutely lovely; our room was beautiful,and the granite bathroom was well appointed. The lobby and drawing rooms were charming and cozy, with the fireplaces lit and comfortable sofas and chairs.I have never stayed at any hotel where the staff were as warm, friendly and courteous as this one.They were extraordinarily helpful and gracious, and wonderful with recommendations and reservations.It is located on a lovely, peaceful street, perfectly located near Harrods, and certainly within walking distance to many attractions.There is not a restaurant, so you must take your breakfast either in your room or one of the drawing rooms, but that was not a problem for us at all.It was a wonderful stay, and I look forward to returning! I highly recommend this lovely hotel.	
Jan 7 2007 	One of the best hotel experiences ever	We stayed here over Christmas and it was one of the best hotel experiences ever. The staff was extremely helpful and attentive. They even left us gifts on Christmas! The sitting rooms were warm and inviting with fireplaces, mulled wine and library.	
Jan 4 2007 	Brilliant Design Hotel In Knightsbridge	The Knightsbridge Hotel is beautifully appointed design hotel only a block from Harrods and a short stroll to Sloane Street shopping. Very nice lounges with adjoining honesty bar. Smart decor. We stayed over New Years for three nights in a junior suite at about $700.00 US. Nicer accommodation than most New York hotels. Gorgeous, though small granite bath. Large room with all the bells and whistles, great design, flat screen tv with dvd, comfortable seating and good lighting. Great food and service. Breakfast included in the rate--either set offerings or a la carte--not a typical English breakfast with many different offerings from eggs benedict to Canadian pancakes. Excellent service and very friendly, cordial staff. Would highly recommend. The only tip is to carefully review your bill upon departure as sometimes the honesty bar charges are totaled for the day and added as a single line item or entered indvidually. Breakfast is included up to GBP of 16.50 per person; again, charges can appear individually. All over charges were handled discretely and politely.	
Dec 18 2006 	A pleasant stay	We stayed two nights in December, and paid 200 GBP per night for a standard double. The hotel lobby was pleasant but we didn't spend any time there as it was always too fully occupied to get a seat on the plush sofas. Perhaps this is to be expected during the weekend before Christmas.We arrived on Friday at 2pm, the stated check in time, as did a number of other guests. The staff seemed unable to cope with the rush, and asked us to sit in the lobby, where we waited for 10 or 15 minutes to be checked in. However, the staff were always pleasant, and helpful. I liked the free DVD rental from the front desk, and the DVD players in every room.Our room was small but very comfortable, and spotlessly clean, overlooking a quiet street at the back of the hotel. The bathroom was a delight, with bathrobes and lots of fluffy towels. The only odd thing was that since the hotel has no restaurant or breakfast room, you are obliged to have breakfast in your room. Ok, no problem, except our room was so small, it had no table or chairs, meaning we had to eat sitting on the bed. This wasn't a problem, in fact it was quite nice to have breakfast in bed with the (complementary) Sunday papers.Overall, it was a very enjoyable stay. It was always a pleasure to turn off the busy Brompton Road into the quiet tree lined cul-de-sac, and return 'home' for a rest.	
Nov 24 2006 	Loved the Knightsbridge	I took my mother for a surprise birthday present to London and we stayed at the Knightsbridge after reviewing several hotels using Trip Advisor. The Hotel itself is in an excellent location, very close to the major shops and close to the tube but it is in a very quiet road. Inside it is simple but beautiful. The staff were very friendly and helpful and made us feel very welcome. Our room although not huge was wonderful, the decor was beautiful and just like what they show on their website. The bathroom again was not big but it was immaculate, there were plenty of big bath towels and the shower was lovely and powerful. It was the little touches as well that made our stay so special. They came and turned down the bed and put slippers out for us, complimentary bottles of water and a newspaper in the morning, a hairdryer that was not connected to the wall, an umbrella in the cupboard for us to use during our stay, also, my favourite, hangars that come out of the wardrobe so you can hang your clothes properly without having to struggle. All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and my mother has already decided that she would like to go back with my father and some of their friends.	
Oct 25 2006 	Loved this hotel!	This hotel is wonderful and I’ve recommended it to many people. It is a warm and charming hotel with a great location; close to the bustle of city life but a block away so it is a quiet location. We arrived at 10am after a 9-hour flight from Dallas and were offered early check-in so we were able to get into our room upon arrival. The room itself was very comfortable (nothing generic about it – decor is charmingly distinctive) and the bathroom was spacious and modern. The room comes with a mini-bar, hairdryer and even an umbrella for inclement weather (we hadn’t packed one). We ordered room service for dinner and breakfast and it was always wonderful – it was as good as what we’d get at a restaurant. Because we’d had such a long flight we went to bed early our first night there (about 7pm) and our room was so well insulated that we didn’t hear one peep from another room around us. The staff was superb and extremely helpful with reservations and suggestions. One thing we didn’t like is that it that smoking is allowed in the lobby and common areas, as is the case in most European cities (we’ve learned to live with it). We will be back to London and will definitely stay at this hotel again!!	
Oct 24 2006 	Cozy bright boutique hotel in Knightsbridge	Beautiful upscale boutique hotel with terrific, friendly service, tasteful and amusing decor and nice location, very close to Harrods, Hyde Park. Pricey, but that's London. Can't think of a single thing to complain about, it's that nice. Room service wasn't bad at all, the beds are really comfortable. Beautiful street, quiet and relaxing. Apparently all the hotels in the Firmdale group are excellent.	
Sep 9 2006 	Lovely Stay	This is a great hotel on a quiet side street two blocks from Harrods. I stayed in a single room, which while small, was really nice and comfortable. The Miller Harris toiletries were great. The turndown service was lovely, with nice linen sprays and aromatic oils.I have also stayed at their sister hotel Number Sixteen, which I liked but had such thin walls as to be absurd (I could hear my neighbors whispering). This was a much more pleasant experience and I can't wait to stay here again.	
Sep 5 2006 	An Oasis in Busy Knightsbridge	I had the pleasure of staying 6 nights at the Knightsbridge while on business in London. The Beaufort Gardens location is peaceful yet just a half block from the bustling shops and restaurants of Brompton Road. The Piccadilly Line was easily accessible via the Knightsbridge Tube Station by Harrod's.Although small by U.S. standards, my room was comfortable and the bathroom was large with a wonderful bathtub. The hotel staff was friendly and solicitous. Upon arriving early for check-in, I was served a lovely tea in the drawing room while they prepared my room. A nice touch and welcome after the long flight.I will look forward to staying at the Knightsbridge again for business travel but must confess it would be too expensive for a family trip.	
Aug 27 2006	Wonderful Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Knightsbridge Hotel earlier this month. Our room was beautifully decorated, quiet and had a nice view of Beaufort Gardens. The location is excellent. While expensive, it was reasonable by London standards. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 5 2006	Don't think we'd go back to the Knightsbridge	This hotel's location on a quiet tree lined street is one of it's best assets. The rooms are smartly decorated, although small, and the staff are quite attentive. However, some of the extras that we were charged for were a bit over the top. Five Pounds for a bucket of ice in our room? It's small details like this that will prevent us from recommending the Knightsbridge to friends.	
Jul 4 2006	Still Exceptional	The most amazing part of staying at this hotel is how you can step off busy Brompton Road and find yourself in a quiet, sedate street that seems miles away from the traffic and commerce. The owners continue to find young, friendly staff and the hotel standards are as exceptional today as they were when we were among the first guests a few years ago.	
Jun 28 2006	Once again a wonderful Firmdale hotel!	My wife and I spent a night at the Knightsbridge last week on our stop through London to meet friends. We had spent nine nights at Firmdale’s Soho Hotel last year and loved it. Due to our limited time in London this year, we decided one located closer to where we needed to be made more sense. Even though the Knightsbridge is in a row of converted townhouses, it still maintained the gently edgy feel we liked so much at the Soho. It would placate the “chintz crowd” better than the Soho might, but still in a quiet, subtle way. As we expected, we arrived from the airport ahead of the posted check in time and were politely told our room was indeed not yet ready. When we offered to leave our bags and return later, the staff made a call to housekeeping to put us first on their list and had tea, coffee and biscuits arranged for us in the lounge (these refreshments never appeared on our bill). The room was much like those at the Soho, bright, clean and large by London standards. We did miss the full wall of glass the Soho offers, but the same high quality of the room was there. Check out was just as smooth with a taxi arranged at check out and we found it out front, our luggage loaded precisely on time. We are looking forward to trying out the next Firmdale opening in the fall on our next visit.	
Jun 12 2006	Fantastic	I just returned from a couple of days at the Knightsbridge. We stayed there on the recommendation of a friend. As always staying at a new hotel, I was nervous about what to expect. The hotel was truly fantastic. I have been lucky enough to stay at some amazing hotels around the world, including many boutique hotels, and this ones holds it own against any of them. We checked in and were put in a room in the lower level. It was a beautiful, huge room but I was concerned about the noise. I asked to change and the staff could not have been more helpful. They moved us to a room on the fifth floor overlooking the street that was incredibly light filled and beautiful. It was slightly smaller but still a large size for a city hotel. The appointments were very well done with a large comfortable bed and sitting area.The public rooms are simply beautiful. Modern and well done yet very inviting. The honesty bar is a nice addition and it was great to grab a drink and hang out in the salon. Friends were staying across the street at the Parkes hotel and spent most of their time with us in the salon talking and having a great time. It is like staying with a very fashionable, incredibly gracious friend who is hosting you in their house. Finally, the staff. They are young, energetic and could not have been nicer or more helpful. They helped us out on a number of things ranging from some business issues to recommending places to eat. I strongly recommend this hotel and will staying at this or another Firmdale hotel on my next trip to London.	
Jun 2 2006	Wonderful hotel great location	My family and I stayed here for seven nights and really enjoyed this hotel. Our rooms were spotless and large, and the decor was lovely. We liked the dressmaker's mannequins (small and large) in every room (useful also for draping raincoats over!). The hotel is on a lovely quiet residential street but right off busy Brompton Road for easy access to cabs, bus, tube and stores/shops/restaurants.We booked the only adjoining rooms so my husband and I could be next to our fourteen-year-old daughter. This was her first &quot;solo&quot; room and she loved it. If you have girls, they will love Room 1 (which can be adjoined via an small indoor passage to Room 5 - each room has a glass door to the hallway so my daughter could stay up late watching MTV UK and we never heard the TV, but she still felt connected to our room). Number 1 is a lovely deep pink room with a gorgeous wild-poppy floral pattern on the bed, draperies, etc. My two big sons shared a luxury double with two twin beds (joined like a king which freaked them out at first) but made up separately for their individual use. The only downside to our room, (#5) was that the windows were at street level and cars going into an apartment complex were often driving around right outside --or loading in passengers -- felt less than private with draperies open! Our room , like the others, had, in addition to the bed, a sofa with coffeetable and an armchair. Televisions had cable access and a DVD player in each room was welcome, especially because the hotel had a large DVD library from which you could borrow for free! Another nice touch -- bottled water by the bed after turn-down service.The bathrooms - - magnificent. Spotless, huge, marble, with bidet and toilet, heated towel racks, large tubs, terry robes, slippers, Miller Harris amenities. The location cannot be beat -- steps from Harrods, just a few steps more to Harvey Nichols, and in tony Knightsbridge with fabulous shopping. Tube stop (Knightsbridge) just by Harrods, so convenient (though check your schedules...the Brompton Road exit from the Knightsbridge station -- the one closest to the hotel -- closes late at night and parts of the weekend. You just have to walk a little father from the Sloane Street exit.).Close casual dining options (good for kids) are Wagamama and a Chinese place (the Good Earth?) and Pizza express. A McDonalds on the corner if you must... Also apparently a very good Thai nearby though we never went. Several little french/gelato places steps away. Went to a great (expensive) fancy Japanese restaurant on the recommendation of the hotel...The honesty bar and (small) public rooms were lovely and a welcome touch. Though the hotel has no restaurant, the room service was delicious and prompt. My kids loved the pancakes and bacon...bacon in London is different from the US and particularly wonderful!Coffee was divine with double cream -- if pricey at 4.00GBP (about $8.00!)Only small downside -- the staff, while VERY nice and accomodating, didn't seem to know a lot of things you'd expect front desk/ concierge staff to know. (Notwithstanding the one good dinner reservation above). Often the front desk staff was overwhelmed with guests, and the &quot;concierge&quot; might not be available. The &quot;concierge&quot; didn't know Harrod's hours, didn't know some well-known restaurants, couldn't help us with some day trip issues, but at least they TRIED. (They were mostly very young and good-natured, and many of them were non-natives and seemed to know little of London.)This hotel was quite spendy -- especially with the terrible exchange rate. But it was a wonderful place. We would definitely stay there again.	
May 12 2006	Charming quiet boutique hotel	The Knightsbridge Hotel is an oasis of calm in the large and sometimes overwhelming city of London. Set on a quiet street near the famous Harrod's department store, it's the perfect place to get a sound night's sleep or recharge your batteries after a long day of sightseeing or shopping. The lobby, drawing room and reading room are all very intimate and stylishly designed. The honesty bar is stocked with a wide range of spirits, wines, champagnes and snacks. The rooms are a bit smaller than I expected, especially considering I paid 200 pounds a night for a &quot;luxury&quot; room. But they are very beautifully designed. The staff is mostly very attentive and helpful, even packing breakfast for us to take on a day trip outside of London one Sunday morning. But due to the small size of the hotel, the staff can easily become overwhelmed at the front desk. If the phone is ringing and more than one guest is at the desk seeking assistance, it can take several minutes for your needs to be attended to. The concierge made some excellent restaurant and tour company recommendations, but in person, the concierges sometimes seemed a bit uninformed. We are a younger couple in our late twenties, so we might have appreciated a hotel with a more active lobby and social scene, but it really was a nice place to be for three nights. I would recommend it to any discerning couple or tourist seeking a quiet, stylish place to stay.	
Jan 6 2006	Simply-Lifetime Best Hotel	Although it has been many years, the experince of this Hotel stays in my mind. In a word, Perfection. Everything a proper hotel should be - quite, small, exquisitely and originally decorated with a staff you only wish would marry into your family. This is a tastfully, understated slice of heaven.	
Dec 7 2005	a truly lovely hotel	we stayed at the Knighstbridge for three nights and we were sad to leave. The rooms are beautiful and bathrooms well-appointed. I'm a very picky hotel person and I loved everything about this place. The location is superb. The public rooms are perfect for meeting friends, or reading the newspaper. They will even deliver your breakfast to you there and you can sit by the fire and enjoy your tea. But more importantly, the service is excellent. This is what separates good from great, in my mind. We asked to switch rooms after our first night...the bathroom was a bit chilly and the weather in London had become quite cold the week we were there. The front desk staff was very kind and immediately changed our room, upgrading us to a larger double. Throughout our stay, everyone at the Knighstbridge was gracious and helpful. Absolutely a delightful hotel.	
Nov 28 2005	A little Gem!	What can I say about the Knightsbridge Hotel, other than &quot;Near Perfection&quot;. We stayed here on the occasion of our 25th Wedding Anniversary, and could not have wished for a more pleasant place to start a memorable trip.The Location is great if you love to shop. It's just around the corner from Harrods, and multitudes of chic boutiques. Unfortunately, it's that proximity to fantastic shopping venues in the area, that takes this wonderful hotel from Perfection to &quot;Near Perfection&quot;, as it can be difficult to get to if you are driving your own vehicle. The welcome we received was outstanding. We arrived early, our room was not ready, but instead of letting us fend for ourselves, we were treated to tea and cookies in the lounge. Nothing beats a cup of tea, in a comfy chair, beside a crackling fire. The Concierge's were about the best we've seen. Small or large requests were handled with &quot;My pleasure&quot;. A big one for us... They arranged to have our car parked when they noted that we were a bit &quot;frazzled&quot; from our drive in from Heathrow. They also sent up some small gifts to welcome us, and wish us a Happy Anniversary! Very thoughtful. Our room - 108, was beautiful. The decor richly simple and elegant. The bathroom can only be described as a woman's fantasy... Bright lights, makeup mirror, and a tub so big I could float. The complimentary toiletries were of top quality, and small touches such as cotton swabs and makeup removal pads were just icing on the cake.Breakfast was superb. &quot;Seasonal Berries&quot; garnered me a huge bowl of fresh strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries. My husband had the Full English Breakfast, and didn't need to eat until Dinner. We definately recommend this hotel! It's wonderful!	
Nov 25 2005	Perfect in every way	We only stayed one night, but everything was so perfect and even better than portrayed on their web pages. Food brilliant (we had a lunch in the Library and a lovely breakfast). Our rooms were artistic and spotlessly clean with everything we could possibly want. All the staff were so helpful, courteous and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble and we would definately stay here again.	
Nov 25 2005	wonderful time at the Knightsbridge in London	We spent six nights at the Knightsbridge Hotel (part of the Firmdale Hotels) which is located one block from Harrods, on a quiet side street. It is a lovely hotel, just the right size for us, about 40 rooms. Although they do not have any type of food on site, that was no problem, as there are so many wonderful places to have a meal or grab a cup of coffee. We stayed in a double deluxe room, which was rather small, but I don't think that is unusual for London. It had a wonderful down duvet, queen size bed, flat screen tv, desk and couch in the room. The bathroom was completely granite with a large tub/shower. The closet was rather small but served us well, there was a great mini-bar (expensive, as they all are) and in-room safe. We were delivered a paper every morning and they did a beautiful turn-down in the evening. They are great about details including a hand written welcome note from the manager. We were quite pleased with everything and don't have one bad thing to say, we would stay at ANY Firmdale Hotel after our experience!	
Nov 23 2005 	stayed many times always great!	Over the past 3 years I've stayed here atleast 8 times for business &amp; pleasure for anything upto a week at a time. Staff are always friendly and helpful &amp; room service always delivered on time. Location is great for shopping - Harrods etc down the road &amp; also more interesting shops on Beauchamp Place &amp; Brompton Cross. Rooms are great - comfortable &amp; cozy. Standard double is too small for a couple staying more than a couple of nights though. Great hotel - highly recommended &amp; I'm fussy!!	
Oct 18 2005 	Perfect Haven	Finest boutique hotel I found in London. A perfect off-beat location. Extremely attentive staff. Nice comfortable rooms. A place to come back to	
Oct 11 2005 	Some credit	The hotel is nice and in a hip location as wellUnfortunately, due to miscalculations I was without accomodation for one night in London. I tried to check in using my debit card but...The hotel wouldn't accept it as a guarantee (I can understand that) and could only get aproval by calling the bank (which is not enough for a debit card).I had to rush to a Barclays in Brompton Rd to get the money in order to finaly check in to the hotel. Have I mentioned it was pouring?The ways of payment should really be more up-to-date	
Jun 14 2005	Fantastic	The Hotel is tucked away on a quiet, residential street in Knightsbridge. Harrods and other high end shopping stores are only a few blocks away. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and courteous. The rooms are nice, clean, bright but small. The Hotel offers two sitting rooms with fireplaces and an honesty bar for late night cocktails. The Hotel attracts locals as well as out of towners. I highly recommend the Knightsbridge!	
May 6 2005 	Lovely	Really nice boutique hotel on a quiet side street near Harrods. Our room was really nice, wonderful bathroom. The service was superb (almost scary how well they anticipated our needs). The downstairs lobby/sitting areas were very cozy. The location was very good. A short walk to Hyde Park and to Tube stops. Good restaurants, but not a huge number. Luckily we were on a business trip. I don't think we could afford it on our usual budget, though.	
May 5 2005 	Excellant Location and atmosphere	This hotel is in a fantastic location very close to Harrods, but it's off the main busy road, so traffic noise isn't a problem. The staff are very friendly and after a long journey the little things like arranging for tea and coffee to be delivered to the room was a nice touch. The breakfast &quot;to-go&quot; is a great idea as I had an early start the following morning and my tea, orange juice and danish were all packed ready for me when I left.Highly recommend this hotel	
Dec 26 2004	Beautiful hotel; great location		
Oct 15 2004	Great Stay!		
Aug 21 2004 	Location beauty elegance 		
Jul 28 2004	Beautiful room but a little loud (visited 10/02)		
Apr 30 2004	Fewer amenities than the price implies		
Dec 31 2003	Just short of excellent...		
Nov 3 2003	Comfort and Joy at the Knightsbridge Hotel		
Oct 7 2003	Perfect small elegant hotel		
Jun 13 2003	Excellent Oasis in the Heart of Knightsbridge		
Jan 9 2003	Overrated		
Jan 9 2003	Tres Chic !		
Nov 5 2009 	Desagradable trato		
