Nov 15 2009 	Very good hotel great service but careworn	I had booked via active hotels but they didn't bother letting Ramada jarvis know about the booking - not to worry firstly they asked me to take a seat in the lounge and they would sort it out which they did. when I arrived it was difficult to get seen because there are only receptionists but they work hard, smile welcomingly and deal with everyone quickly. I decided to go into the bar, picked up a freely available newspaper and checked out the menu. When I had decided an assistant came to ask me if I had decided yet, I put in my order a ham sandwich (tasted like cheap spam) and a mocha, I explained I hadn't checked in yet but wanted to put it on my room, she said no problem and asked me when I would like my drink with the sandwich or now, The room was cold when I got in but soon warmed up, the hotel and the staff were great, good choice of food, the Sunday breakfast from 8-12 was brilliant, my spouse and friends sat for over one hour without being hassled and given more coffee, tea, toast as we wanted. The lift broke down but was quickly fixed, I have never know this to happen before. We had a great stay, the only problem previously mentioned is that the wallpaper is faded and curling, the bath has the metal bits showing.I would definately recommend this hotel. We paid £80.00 which was a bargain, plenty of parking at the hotel, good staff. We went for a friend's engagement party, well worth it.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great value and clean but a little worn	Booked a great deal at this hotel including a 3 course meal and breakfast. Couldn't fault the friendliness of the hotel staff. Check in was quick and easy and the room was clean with usual amenities. It feels a little dated and is in need of refurbishment, but for the price i couldn't complain.The inclusive evening meal was great even thought the set menu is limited, but you are free to choose any items from the menu and top up anything costing more than £22 per person (amazing considering the total cost of the stay!) Drinks are reasonably priced and service was good.There is plenty of parking onsite for £6 per night, although staying on a weekend we managed to park on the road directly outside the hotel for free - can't moan at that for the outskirts of london!Ealing Common station is literally a 2 minute walk away, taking you directly into central london in about 20 minutes.	
Aug 24 2009 	Very Poor. Would not stay again.	Very disappointed with this hotel. I expected more from a Ramada especially at this price. Rooms were very small as was bath/shower room. Room was clean but very tired. Breakfast was very poor compared to other hotels in this price. Staff seemed to be trying to saved money all the time. Plugs in rooms were so close to worktop that it was not possible to plug mobile phone chargers or lap top etc. Sky TV did not work.Too far from central London to travel easily.On arrival we were offered a free drink at the bar which seemed nice but when we went into bar it was only an awful house red wine.On a plus it was close to a tube station and the car parking was cheap at £6 per night.	
Jul 24 2009 	Ok stay - nothing special	If you want to stay in a box room in a souless hotel this is the place for you . It is very clean but there is no room to move either side of the bed and the bathroom was tiny with a bath only fit for a child . Room service was ok but vastly overpriced and l had to forego breakfast as it was stated that it started at seven but was never ready for then .Great location though right opposite the common and 5 mins from the broadway.	
Jun 30 2009 	A dying hotel	We had stayed at this hotel about 6 months back so returned to find that it definately got a few problems. On requesting a room with a bath no one at reception had any idea which rooms had baths so the manager was called and proceeded to check, returning 15mins later. Having travelled from Cornwall all we wanted to do was get to our room and freshen up. The restaurant was fairly busy and we requested a quiet table as we had business to discuss, this seemed to cause confusion and we waited a further 20 mins while it was decided where we could sit although there we plenty of tables available. The meal was not very nice at all and the veg was over microwaved, black and limp when we asked the waiter if he would eat it he replied no he would'nt. Unfortunately for us we were near the kitchen door and heard the expletives from the chef. We did leave without eating our meal and went to the chip shop down the road, what more can I say!	
Jun 6 2009 	Ordinary hotel with very small rooms.	Staying at Ramada Ealing was not a great experience. The rooms were really small, and unimpressive. The room needed maintenance. The bathroom doors were faulty and would not lock. The common areas , lobby etc were pretty OK. The hotel's location is quite convenient, a short walk from the nearest tube station, Ealing Common on the Picadilly line. Stay only if you have a good competitive deal, else it is not value for money.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent Value exactly what we where looking for!!!	Stayed in this Hotel in April 09. Paid eur75 per night, money well spent for what we got. We where only 2min walk from Subway station (Ealing Common) and perfect for couples. We arrived at 11am after the 25 min journey from Heathrow. After being told our room wasn't ready yet we where unpacked and raring to go after only 30 mins. Checkin staff where very professional and welcoming. Rooms where small in size but spacious at the same time. Bed was extremely comfortable and bathroom was a good size. The entire hotel including rooms where spotlessly clean. The exterior of the hotel was slightly dated, as with most hotels in London suburbs. Inside has been ronovated to a very high and modern standard. Only problem was engineering work on the Tubes easter weekend prolonged the journey to central London because half the lines where shut, not the hotels fault and couldn't offer enough advice and suggestions to us. Breakfast well worth what we paid, (after a terrible experience in Knightsbridge Cafe) as we stayed on a room only basis. 9pounds for all you can eat breakfast buffet which was tastey and fresh and well stocked up even when we arrived close to finishing time. Would definately recomend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit the major London attractions but who want to be able to escape the hustle of the city when it gets too much. We where only 20Mins from Picadilly Circus on the Picadilly line from Ealing Common, even with the engineering work. Couldn't say enough about his hotel. As for going back..... well I'm on aerlingus.com right now!!	
Apr 12 2009 	I can't wait to go back	Spent couple of nights in this hotel ,staff was excellent and room was beautifully comfortable, with plasma TV and plenty of amenities , good location close to Ealing Common and Ealing Broadway tube station, short distance from Westfield ----- FANTASTIC----- i can't wait to go back.	
Mar 18 2009 	Nothing to write home about	Spent 2 nights here: one on 2nd floor, and one on 5th floor.+Rooms, and hotel generally, very clean.-Rooms are compact; bathrooms very compact. They provide the basics, but nothing extra.-The heating system is a mixture of air vents and radiators, each of which is quite noisy; and, though we had rooms at the back of the hotel, away from the main road, as often happens they overlooked air conditioning and cooling units outside, so neither of the rooms was peaceful, because of this.-Breakfast buffet was of very basic quality; not very appetising, and not displayed with flair or imagination. +Staff were very polite. Having been woken at 3 am by guests above us having a very loud party, we asked to change rooms the next morning; this was done quickly and without fuss (but I would have preferred it if they had not allowed the party to happen in the first place).-The 'no smoking' law does not seem to be enforced very strictly; people were very obviously smoking in several rooms on our floor.	
Feb 27 2009 	Conveniently located hotel	This hotel seemed to me to be a bit past its best. True enough it is in quite a good location; a 10 minute walk to Ealing Broadway with a good range of shops and restaurants. Incidentally the walk back is past an open stretch of land but on a main road and I can imagine being a bit daunting for a solo traveller if late at night. However the outside of the hotel was a bit bleak and the reception more functional than decorative. The room I stopped in was of reasonable size but the lock on the door looked as though it had been forced and not fixed properly so it was a bit of a struggle to lock it and unlock it. I only used the room and none of the other facilities so can't comment on them. For me it was a place to sleep and that was all. At nearly £80 per night with no breakfast it wasn't the cheapest nor the most expensive. I was left with a mediocre feeling about the place; neither great nor poor. As a base it was functional.	
Jan 2 2009 	Look out for bargain breaks at this hotel	Booked this in conjunction with a newspaper (Daily Mail) offer. (The &quot;catch&quot; is that they obviously wanted to fill rooms during the quiet winter period). Worked out all in all at £34 per night dinner, bed and breakfast. What a bargain for a London three star hotel!!Room was big enough (neither enormous or tiny), pleasantly warm (outside temps never got above 2 Celcius all day) and fitted out with 24inch LCD TV, coffee/tea maker, desk and chair, trouser press and bathroom with both bath and shower. Had a quiet, rear facing room (OK view over car park and gardens to rear of adjoining houses) - would imagine front rooms facing the infamous North Circular Road would be pretty noisy. Decor a bit naff - but who cares!Food was pretty good. Breakfast (buffet) was good and plenty of it. Dinner was also reasonable - well cooked and substantial - with a choice from the Table d'hote menu or a budget to choose from the a la carte.Staff very pleasant and courteous throughout stay. French receptionist on arrival particularly good (had problems getting the key to open room door initially).Good location just two minutes from Ealing Common tube station, less than ten minutes walk to Ealing Broadway with all of its bars, pubs, restaurants and shoping malls. Seemed a pretty safe area. Easy to get into central London by tube - worth the hassle given how much cheaper to stay here (even if you paid regular prices). Stayed here primarily because I wanted to visit places in the Ealing area, but would definately come again anyway.	
Nov 24 2008 	Absolutely fabulous place to stay	From booking in to checking out the staff were excellent. We went with Tesco Clubcard Deals and upgraded to an Executive room but dont think was any need had a quick peep at the standard double and it looked fine. Breakfast was buffet style and superb, Saturday morning breakfast was on till 12 which gave us a lie in. Only downfall it is 30mins on the tube from centre of london but no big deal as the tube system was spot on. Parking which was chargeable at £4.50 a day was no problem plenty of parking and for London didnt think that was too much. If you go enjoy yourself.	
Nov 19 2008 	Extractor fan	Everything fine &amp; reasonable value BUT Stayed for 2 nights &amp; was kept awake by noisy extractor fan on roof outside room. When we checked out, we were told that fan should have been switched off between 11 pm &amp; 7 am -- IT WASN'T B. Willerton	
Oct 25 2008 	Great value for a London hotel	As I stay at the Ramada a couple of times a year I thought I'd have a look at what others thought and I was quite surprised by some of the comments. First of all the hotel is on a busy corner, a junction of the north circular and Uxbridge Road so it ain't going to be very quiet- but you do have the proximity of buses and tube, swings and roundabouts really. Price wise we generally pay about £40pppn for B&amp;B.- Little places in Edinburgh charge £50 during the festival, and Cotswold pubs are pretty pricey too. For London and its specific location the prices aren't bad.Some guy mentioned the noise from the pub downstairs!!! I've been a visitor or resident in Ealing for 40 years and to my knowledge the nearest pub is a five minute walk away and that's been shut for nearly a year.The Ramada is great for a short stay and its staff are always friendly and courteous. The rooms are not very big but they are clean and provide all you need for a couple of days. The food is expensive but of pretty good quality - their sandwiches, breakfasts and Sunday lunches are excellent. Alcohol is expensive and sadly they don't have any proper beer.There are good restaurants nearby and the pubs of Acton and Ealing are a short bus ride or few minutes walk away. Getting to central London couldn't be easier. There is a carpark which is now fee paying, a change over the last couple of years, but you do feel the car is safer than it would be on the road. We keep coming back so they must be doing something right.	
Aug 28 2008 	Acceptable	My wife and I recently stayed here for four nights. We have stayed here on two previous occasions. The hotel is easy to find by car and has a car park with reasonable 24-hour rates for patrons. It is also only five minutes walk from Ealing Common tube station.The hotel is quite functional and would not be described as 'plush'. The rooms and bathrooms are small but adequate and have tea/coffee facilities, LCD TV, aircon and (expensive) WiFi. The reception staff were reasonably friendly and helpful.Breakfast is the usual buffet-style and was quite good. One morning we got our times wrong and arrived down 20 minutes after breakfast end time but the waitress kindly made a table up for us and took our order. I suspect the breakfast consisted of leftovers from the buffet as it was just warm but we were glad to get anything.One thing did bug us. The room staff start cleaning the rooms at about 8.00 in the morning and knock on all doors before walking in. This is an annoyance if you aren't in a hurry to get up. However, after the first time it happened, we just started to use the 'do not disturb' hangers and that worked OK. As a basic functional tourist class hotel, this hotel is quite adequate with no major problems.	
Jul 28 2008 	Good clean hotel but expensive	Good hotel but in need of new decor in corridors. Rooms comfy and clean but rates fluctuate from day to day. Very expensive for what you get but breakfasts very good.	
Jul 14 2008 	Good for one night ... extremely small rooms	Rooms very small, staff at check in / reception not extremely friendly. Breakfast ok, bar and bar tender ok. Close to tube Ealing Common, 30 min to downtown London, GBP 4,-- each way. Approx. 30 min to London Heathrow with no traffic ... could easily be more. Wouldn't stay there for longer ...	
Jul 3 2008 	Functional	This is an uninspiring though generally functional hotel in an area of west London. Convenient to the Ealing Common Tube station (probably less than 200 yards) and the Ealing Broadway Tube station (about one mile) and which is a stop on the Heathrow Connect train service. The hotel has no numeric address but is on the corner of Uxbridge Road and Hanger Lane (on a frontage road). The building itself is a 1970’s style design of utilitarian boxiness. The staff on the front desk were generally helpful, although a number were not particularly knowledgeable about the area (like many hotels in London many of the staff appear to be Central or Eastern European immigrants). There is a fairly large parking lot, since I didn’t have a car I don’t know if there is an additional charge for the use of it.The room, by American standards, was relatively cramped (one of the smallest rooms I have used in numerous recent stays in continental Europe) with two twin beds, a modest closet and a small easy chair. In addition there was a work desk, unfortunately as I use an Apple laptop with its distinctive power adaptor all the electrical outlets were too close to the top of the desk to be useable, and there were no other useable outlets. It turned out not to be too major a limitation as the Ethernet (no WiFi in the room) access was one of the more expensive I have recently encountered; six pounds for an hour and twelve pounds for 24 hours, since I was in my room, (other than sleeping) for less than two hours it wasn’t worth the expense. Regardless, this cost is pretty extortionate. The furnishings were standard, non-descript hotel style, with a tendency towards brown plastic looking laminated wood. The bathroom was average with adequate floor space and surface space for toiletries. There was a combined tub and shower, which worked well; the only minor criticism was that the tub floor was pretty slippery (they did warn of this). The restaurant was adequate but expensive, an average quality dinner for two, comprising a soup, two entrees and two drinks each was GBP66 and the breakfast, which appeared to offer only a buffet with one price, was GBP12. The breakfast was comprehensive with fruits, cereals and full English elements such as fried eggs, bacon, sausages, mushrooms, etc.; comprehensive but not very good, save your money. The restaurant also suffered from the foreign staff syndrome, it was difficult to communicate with certain of the staff.I booked at the last minute directly with the Ramada Web site with as cost of GBP89 for Sunday night and GBP116 for Monday for two people, excluding breakfast. While the hotel was functional and clean I thought this was expensive, although I recognize hotels in London (and England in general) are unconscionably expensive.	
Jun 26 2008 	Cramped and noisy	I stayed here for 3 nights on business at the beginning of June and also had a couple of more stays booked. However, after my experience of the first stay I cancelled and looked elsewhere (I ended up staying at Holiday Inn, Hanger Lane). The room was very dated, apart from the flat screen TV, although that kept going off!. the room was very cramped. It would be ok for 1 night only. The worse though was the noise. I was at the back of the hotel, which I can only guess was overlooking the flat roof of the kitchen. The air ventilation system from the kitchen was incredibly noisy even with the window shut. Also there was very little sound insulation between the rooms and into the corridor. Every time someone open and closed their door you heard it. And seeing there were several coach parties in, they were going all the time. I'm not normally bothered by noise in hotels, but this was the worse I'd experienced. Breakfast was poor with little choice if you wanted something other than cooked. Glad I cancelled my future bookings. Holiday Inn was much better!	
Jun 16 2008 	decidedly patchy	my husband stayed there for a month on starting a new job while i organised our relocation from europe. no complaints about the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms, but the way the credit manager treated us left a lot to be desired. unsigned letters in the room informing us our credit was bad when in fact it was not made for a lot of extra stress at a very stressful time!	
May 10 2008 	OK but could be better	Stayed at the Ramada Ealing as we were attending a seminar at the hotel. Booked a package on the hotel's website for 2 nights bed &amp; breakfast with dinner on the first night. It may be a good idea to book these deals early as the price did increase nearer the arrival date. We paid a total of £185 for this package. It would be a good base if you wish to park and travel up to central London on the tube and car parking was charged at a reasonable £4.50 per day. The staff were friendly and the food was ok the real let down was the room. It was very small with an awful colour scheme of black &amp; peach which did little to make the room appear larger. The bathroom was also very small. It was quiet hard to step out of the bath and avoid the toilet.Best to get a rate which includes breakfast as I think it was quite expensive if you paid later.	
Apr 22 2008 	Eager Housekeeping?	I stayed on a Sunday night for just one night and had to be in the Ealing area. Hearing my collegues' complaints from the many assorted B&amp;Bs in the area they had chosen, I probably made the right choice. Let me say from the outset that though this is a typical chain hotel, the staff were pleasant and the room was clean. I also echo that the location suited me perfectly but being so close to Ealing Common station is would be suitable for a wider area too.My only gripes were: Heating was useless (the radiator badly needed bled), TV picture was pretty poor, I ordered a pannini to my room as the restaurant was really quiet and after a second telephone call, it arrived in 90 minutes. &quot;New chef&quot; I was told. If he can't do a pannini, thank goodness I didn't order a meal!My only real worry was that I went down for breakfast in the morning (good selection but the usual lukewarm buffet selection that is so prevalent in these hotels) and returned to prepare to check-out to find my room completely cleaned and ready for the next guest - this despite my not having checked out and all my belongings still in the room! This is a first for me!! I've heard of keen housekeepers but this one didn't contibute to my feeling very welcome.	
Mar 25 2008	Not bad for a big hotel chain.............	Large chain hotels are notorious for their bad service and facilities that sometimes just don't work but not the Ramada at Ealing.The hotel is in a super location only minutes from the underground and only 5 minutes from some great restaurants. It overlooks the common so is pleasantly located as well. The only downside to this is that the double glazing is not brilliant so road noise in the front rooms can be intrusive.Reception was quick, effective and pleasant and you can park your car for the whole stay at reasonable rates. Great if you are doing the London 'thing' and just want to use the underground and buses.Rooms are just OK. Ours smelled badly of smoke although the hotel claims it is all non smoking. The beds were not brilliant in size either with covers that were a bit small.Breakfast was absolutely superb and with the deal we got made it a very good value money stay.There are no extra facilities (gym etc.) but the hotel is worth 4 stars despite the road noise, smokey room and smallish bed. It is worth it because I guess any other room and one towards the back or inside would be fine and for a chain hotel it was very good value. And the location was perfect for our week-end in London......	
Mar 9 2008 	Recommended	This hotel is much better value and service standards than you gget in more central London locations. Short, straightforward walk from Ealing Common tube station in what seemed a very safe and pleasant are. Clean modern room and bathroom. Complementary choccies and mineral water were a nice touch. Breakfast was excellent, much better than the usual buffet offerings in chain hotels, with very efficient service - certainly worth the £5.00 extra that I paid in the Ramada website.There was some noise from Uxbridge Road, but probably much quieter than most central London hotels	
Feb 4 2008 	Great location and nice staff	Hotel right by Ealing Common tube station, 25 minutes into Central London on the District and Piccadilly lines and ideal for getting into London quickly. Good hotel, customer service was great and they even let us park our car in the car park once we'd checked out. Our room was very warm but great for a cold February day and the bathroom was spotless. To be fair, we booked this hotel for the convenience of being able to park near a tube station and get into town quickly, but this hotel exceeded our expectations. Breakfast fab, although as a northerner I was glad that we were paying the Laterooms price of £5 rather than the hotel's £11.95! Excellent, we will definitely return when next in London.	
Jan 15 2008	GOOD hotel	Good hotel in average location.Is around 30 minutes on tube to westminster.Get Piccidily line though!Rooms nice and spacious, air con, amazing showers!Flat screen tvs with lots of free channels.Only problem was the lack of room service available after 10pm.£20 for two sandwiches and pepsi's!!!!	
Dec 20 2007 	Good Hotel	I stayed at the Ramada, Ealing for one night only. However, during that stay we were made to feel very welcome. The reception staff were very polite and from arriving at the hotel to getting into our room took only minutes. The room was very clean, tea, coffee &amp; hot chocolate facilities were provided. Flat screen TV and complimentary toiletries. The buffett breakfast the following morning was excellant. The waitress sat you at a table and immediately provided tea or coffee. There was a good selection of food and all freshly cooked and work surroundings and food containers were very clean.I would say the only draw back is, although the hotel is only a two minute walk from the tube station, it does take about 35 - 40 mins to get into the centre of London.Overall a great hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	Room not bad but pub below noisy.	First Impressions were of a clean and efficient hotel, the local area looked very nice.The room itself was very nice, big comfy bed, excellent bathroom, excellent facilities.The only issue i have with this hotel is the pub and road was right below our window and there was alot of noise from the patrons, which carried on until quite late, there was also alot of noise in our corridor, with children running up and down the corridor.We paid £50 per night, as it was a special offer, if it wasnt for the noise i would have rated this hotel higher.Its about 10 mins from Ealing Common tube station which is about 20mins from central London, so not bad.	
Dec 5 2007 	Weekend in London at the Ramada	Nice hotel located on the North Circular road. 5minute walk from Ealing Common tube station and 15 minute walk from Ealing Broadway tube station.Hotel has large car parking allocation for at least 70 vehicles. Residents of the hotel are charged £4 per day for use of the car park. WOW, must be like the cheapest car park in the city.Hotel has bar and resturant facilites which looked ok if a bit expensive for my money. Room (booked a double) was nice, clean and tidy upon arrival. Complientary sparkling and still mineral waters were present along side tea and coffee. No minibar, but Im too concerned about that.	
Oct 14 2007 	No complaints at all	We stayed here for 2 nights for a weekend in London and had no complaints.As mentioned before the hotel is at Ealing about 6 miles from London centre but it is only 100 yards from a tube station . It takes about 30 minutes to get to London. The only downside to this was that if in London for the day it was a bit of a pain to go back to the hotel before going into London again for the evening . The cost of the stay was £60 per night including breakfast , if this hotel was in the centre it would cost at least double so we didnt mind staying there. Day or weekend tube tickets/Oyster cards are a very inexpensive way of getting to London and back.( we paid £12 each in tube fares over Fri/Sat/Sun , ) Car parking is available at £4 a day . There are many shops and restauraunts nearby ( makes up for lack of minibar)The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. Air con worked well and the shower was powerfull. There was a kettle but no mini bar .There was a flat screen TV with many free channels and you could even use it to surf the internet at a cost of £5 ( think this was per hour ) .Movies were expensive at £6 and 18+ adult movies were £15 . The TV also worked as a jukebox somehow, this was £2. A full TV /Internet package was available at £20 a day There was some noise from the fans outside but with the double glazed windows closed it wasn`t much of a problem.Breakfast was really nice. Full english breakfast, fruit , cereal etc , all self service. We didnt use the bar but it looked nice enough. All the staff were friendly and polite.I would stay there again . Its a nice hotel at a bargain price. Any questions just ask .	
Jul 15 2007 	average value for money.	Booked these with Tesco Vouchers looking for a reasonable couple of days in London to see the sights. Hotel very reasonable for the money compared to the rediculous prices in Central London. Basically it was value for money. Out of Centre but directly accessed by tube in 15 mins. Tube station only 100 yards from Hotel. Standard English breakfast with plenty of chioce. Good base for couple of days. Only problem ask for room not facing the North Circular Road this is very noisey at night.	
May 19 2007 	Reasonable Accommodation	The staff were friendly and helpful, but the rooms were not large, with little space on one side of the bed, and the bathroom was very compact.We moved rooms twice, as the first was noisy due to being close to the main road junction, and the 2nd, although being at the back of the hotel, was affected by constant air-conditioning noise. We never found out the source of the noise, or whether it would continue all night (Staff weren't sure if it was from the Kitchens, and so would stop eventually), but we moved to a 3rd room, which was much quieter. No problems from the staff, despite us trying three rooms!All three rooms were identical in size and layout (we experienced 2nd floor and 3rd floor, so no idea about 4th and 5th floors, but assume they are the same).Ealing Common tube was very convenient - I would say 3 minutes walk, and we waited up to 10 minutes for a tube. It took 40 minutes to reach the centre of the city, so we didn't attempt to travel back to the city for any evening entertainment. We had dinner once in the restaurant, which was excellent - good service, good food, and priced to match (£49.50 for 2 people).Breakfast was pretty good, buffet style of course. Usual hot food, a couple of types of fruit (would have preferred some more), 3 types of yoghurt. Plenty of croissants, pastries and toast. The onsite car park is controlled by a barrier, cost was £4 per day. There are 4 restaurants near to Ealing Common Tube - An Indian (which was fine), Greek, Italian and a Harvester chain. Several other take-aways. However, 5 to 10 minute walk, or 2 minute drive, leads to Ealing Broadway, with huge choice of restaurants and shops. We tried the Bellla Pasta which was OK. We parked in the Pay and Display car park at the cinema (not cheap, but convenient).The rooms were not air conditioned, but this was being installed whilst we were there (watched the huge crane lifting the kit onto the hotel roof!), so suspect it will be completed this year.	
Apr 24 2007	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location, very close to the tube station. Initially had problems with our room (in that it wasn't what we requested) however the staff were very helpful and changed rooms for us without a problem. Rooms themselves were fine. We ate in the hotel bar for lunch and the food was very nice. Staff in the bar were not always the most efficient/friendly, however, not to the point where it was a problem. Overall experience, excellent value for the £65 per room per night and I would stay here again,	
Dec 30 2006	Very good value for money	Stayed at Ramada Ealing for 2 nights after checking out from Clarion Collection Shaftesbury London Hyde Park (1 Inverness Terrace, Hyde Park, London W2 3LB).Ramada Ealing: Great location (5 mins from Ealing Common Tube) and about 40 mins to Oxford Circus. Staff is very pleasant. Nothing bad to report. Book it early if you can because room rates varies.Looking forward to staying again at Ramada Ealing.	
Oct 24 2006 	10 out of 10!!	Lovely Staff,Perfect room,Good location for tube connections,Excellent breakfast.Would definitely stay again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Nice hotel although room a bit small	I stayed on a Saturday night at the reasonable price of £69. Got a twin room which was rather small. However it was well decorated and in a nice area next to Ealing Common. Good tv system and selection of films. 5 minute walk to Ealing Common tube and 10 minute walk to the centre of Ealing and Ealing Broadway tube. 25 - 30 minutes from Central London. There is a night bus N207 that will bring you back from the centre if you miss the last tube.	
Sep 24 2004	fantastic	our stay at the ramada was fantastic nothing was too much trouble even our daughters demands for milk in the middle of the night (she is only 2) were met with a smile and no extra charge stayed 2 nights didn't want to go home	
Oct 22 2009 	????????????		
Aug 25 2009 	Ein tadelloses Zimmer in London - Preis-Leistung stimmt sauber gut angebunden		
Aug 17 2007 	guter Durchschnitt prinzipiell empfehlenswert		
