Sep 10 2009 	Worse Hotel On The Planet! You Have Been Warned Now! Rat Infested Mess!	Every single hotel in Earls court was booked out and this hotel suprisingly only had 2 guests irrespective of its size.... guests arguing with the rude staff, disgucting conditons that you wouldnt put a RAT in. The hotel website is from another world - (dont fall into the mistake thinking that its anything like the website!!!) The hotel managed by a very rude asian lady who yells at her staff and guests.The rooms are FILTHY!! Disgusting, Smelling of Urine. Bedbugs are everywhere as you will see the red spots of blood on the mattresses,,, Rat of Mouse droppings in the corner of the room! Im not kidding....................... DO NOT GO THERE EVEN IF YOU ARE HOMELESS, THERE IS A McDONALDS FOOD RESTUARANT AROUND THE CORNER WHICH HAS A MUCH CLEANER ENTRANCE THAT YOU CAN SLEEP!Whoever is writing 5 Star reviews in this (ITS OBVIOUS IT MUST BE THE HOTEL ITSELF!!!) NO NORMAL PERSON WOULD EVER GIVE THIS A REVIEW, ITS DISGUSTING!DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING!!!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Should be so much better for the money	First of all this was booked last minute.It cost £70 for a double room. Sure you could get so much more for your money though. The rooms are clean, though are in a really tatty state, the window in a room didn't even shut or lock! The doors are also shut at midnight, with no other means of acsess! So don't plan to stay out late! The staff were friendly and not rude to us as some people have reported. and we were able to check in early which was a huge bonus. No coffee or tea in the rooms though, just a horriable kitchen, with mainly McDonalds suger n milk cartons to use! All in all wouldn't stay here again, im sure you can get much better for your money. Great location, no real parking though.	
Mar 6 2009 	The worst place I've ever stayed in	I have read some positive comments on this place that come up on top on this website they are written by a connected party or someone on drugs, the lower down comments are correct, it's an absolute dive. I dont know how it can be classified as a hotel, don't be misled by the grand name.	
Jul 27 2008 	Clean and friendly...	I stay at Regency Court Hotel often when I attend conferences at the Earls Court Exhibition Court...It feels like 'home away from home'! The exhibition is one minute walk from the hotel.The staff know me well and are superb. Often I book directly or I just walk in and they always find room for me and treat me like family.There is no elevator at the hotel but that is OK. The location is excellent and their buget room rates are good. It really is a clean friendly place. Planning on bringing my family next time!	
Jul 10 2008	Worst ever	Worst hotel we ever seen. You couldn't imagine that these things exist. We decided not to stay, even though we were charged for the full four nights. Nothing we could do about it, because as far as the contract goes, you can't get a refund after a reservation. There are plenty of nice hotels in the direct neighbourhood.	
Jul 2 2008 	Awful	Absolutely awful. Dirty and hopelessly maintained. Suggest you never stay here even if it is the last room in London.	
Mar 19 2008 	Scam	We were absolutely scammed at this hotel. We were charged for a room with a bathroom (which had the toilet taped shut and no shower). My friend got sick one night and vomited. Since the there was no where else to go, she threw-up outside the window. While we were out the next day, the manager went into the room and confiscated our belongings, including our passports. He refused to return them to us until we paid 100 pounds for the damage, which was a few specks on the side of the wall that could easily be taken off with a hose. When I tried to politely negotiate he became very aggressive and a few male guests had to come to our aid. Absolutely do not stay here.	
Dec 28 2007 	The worst 'hotel' ever	Never in all my years have I experienced a stay like this one. The entire building should be condemned. There was basic filth EVERYWHERE. People were smoking cigs all over the hotel - elevator, stairs, hallway, hotel foyer. Everything smelt like smoke. The staff is basically worthless. Then just for laughes they are rude. Entering the room almost made me cry. The carpet, walls, floor, bed - everything was old , dirty and pretty much disgusting. The bathroom is shared and in the hallway. After my first night of sleep, on the rock they said was a mattress, I went to shower off the animals that had probably cuddled with me the night before and almost stepped into a large pile of vomit on the floor. All and all It was the most pitiful excuse for a 'hotel' I have been unfortunate enough to stay in. It attempted to ruin my stay in England. Next time - I would rather spend my money and sleep on the street as it is probably cleaner and more comfortable.	
Nov 29 2007 	I'd have been better off in Fawlty Towers	A horrendous experience. It was not too expensive but at £40 you are entitled to expect decent standards. My room was dirty, the tv did not work. The bed was dirty and freezing cold. The communal bathroom looked disgusting so i didn't dare to use it. I got out as quickly as i could in the morning. There is no way that this establishment deserves the title 'hotel'. Even 'hostal' would be too generous. I would use the word 'dump.'	
Nov 13 2007 	No good at all	No friendly service...and one woman seemed to be too shy. The carpet was too old and too dirty. There was a cupboard in my tiny, tiny room but it was too old, too broken and too dirty, with a drawer full of stuff which didn't belong to me! There was a tv...but no remote control. So I asked for one...and got the wrong one...and a laaaarge speech before I got the right one...There were curtains...but is was impossible to close them at night. I was freezing at night...in november and just 1 sheet! Also couldn't sleep because of the thin walls.	
Nov 4 2007 	Do not go here!!!!!	So we turn up at the hotel greeted by a very rude old lady who has no communication skills what so ever. She does not welcome us but demands money as soon as we get in, then sends me to my room, no directions given just 'up the stairs'. The room is the smallest room i have ever seen with noisey radiators, dirty carpets and the most awful decor i have seen in my life, i know i didnt pay for the ritz but please. We then go out each night, as this is why we are in London, only to be faced with the difficulty of getting back in after 12 midnight (aparently there is a curfew and you must be in by 12 as there is noone on the desk). You are then greeted by the same old woman who argues with you right up until you get into your room. The morning she offers no apology and again speaks to me as rudely as i have ever been spoken to, so i get my bags and leave. If you can tolerate rudeness, dirtyness and going to london and getting in by 12 then this is the place to stay. If u like to have a little fun and enjoy london after dark, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!	
Oct 8 2007 	Disgusting and dirty	I've stayed at some budget hotels in my time but nothing as disgusting as this place. Tiny tiny room which still cost 40 pounds a night, filthy carpets covered with patches of other filthy carpets and smelly *bloodstained* covers on the bed. The creepy guy at the front desk took some kind of liking to me because he showed up at my door 5 times in one night with offers to chat or eat expired pudding cups he had bought me from the fridge. The last time he knocked on my door it was almost 1 am and I was so paranoid staying even one night that I piled all my luggage in front of the door so that no one could get in. Do not go here! There are tons of other hotels on the same street that actually cost less and are WAY better.	
Jul 15 2007	Big rude rip off-Made me switch rooms due to their error	I truly am a very easy going traveler and have stayed in all types of places and never, ever been treated as badly or stayed in a place as bad and rude as this. The front desk man was extremely rude and basically threw a room key at me when I came in. It ends up he gave me the keys to the wrong room and so when I arrived that evening to go to bed was told I had to pack up all my things and move immediately to another room, was told I would be given a discount for my troubles and then they played dumb when I was checking out. On top of that you leave your room keys with them and when I came and went I constantly was being given wrong keys which made going up and down from reception and being looked at like I was a nuisance when it was their error every time. On top of that bathroom was dirty, the maid decided to empty a plastic bag I had in the room with my stuff in it and use it as a trash bag and leave it for me, and a window was left open by the maid so bugs were in there from the trash cans outside my window. Basically probably one of the worst experiences in a hotel ever. I like to usually expect no high level of luxury with getting a hotel so cheap in london but truly i would ward anyone thinking of this place to stay away its not worth any of your money.	
Jan 1 2005	total dump!!!	I recently stayed there myself. This place is a total scam, I cant believe anyone could post a positive review of this establishment. It was filthy, the toilet was broken and the shower didnt work. I had to pay in advance and couldnt get my money back, I left anyways.	
Nov 11 2004	A horrible experience	I saw the photos and thought it looked lovely, as I really wanted to spend less money this time. It was horrible, horrible. The toilet didn't work, the sink was stuck, there was no cold water as the hane was stuck, it was dirty everywhere, they demanded two nights pay in advance, and an additional 5 pounds for a horrible breakfast.	
Nov 3 2004	worst hotel i've ever been	after staying in this hotel from 21st to 25th of october i have to subscribe to the view of the other reviewers - a terrible hotel - NEVER AGAIN we knew that it was a budget accomodation, so we accepted lot of things: very small and dirty rooms, thin walls, toilet was working sometimes, bathroom less than 1m2, breakfast was very poorthe last night we stayed there water was coming through the roof and this was too muchwhen we complained they told us to be quiet - otherwise they will call the police!	
Nov 2 2004	badest hotel i ever had	* dirty rooms* tiny rooms * thin walls* toilet was working sometimes* the breakfast was a joke* water was coming through the roof* when we complained about the bad situation - after a lenghty discussion, where i started to take some photos, we where threatened with policeNEVER AGAIN!	
Aug 13 2004	Loved the Regency Court Hotel !!!	This hotel was clean, comfortable with bright rooms and friendly staff. We stayed at this hotel in room 4, a twin ensuite a few months ago and also in Summer 2003 in a double ensuite and loved it. We are planning another trip to London next year and will be booking in advance here. Great budget hotel with fabulous room rates!!!It has a lovely kitchenette available for guest use 24 hours and feels like home away from home...........:)	
Jun 28 2004	beware	We've just come back from the Regency Court hotel and our experience was as bad as rebel06!We had to pay upfront with a credit card on arrival before we could see the room. It was late, we had little choice - what a mistake at 80 pounds a night!The toilet handle came off in my hand. the shower door fell on my wife. The shower head had not been installed. The bed consisted of a &quot;matress&quot; with 2 springs in it and the pillows were actually used packing material in pillow cases!We had to leave after one night. When we went to check out, we requested a refund for the additional two nights we would not be staying. The response was basically &quot;no refund possible&quot; we insisted and the manager ordered us to leave the hotel. We were insisting on a refund to pay for alternate accomodation elsewhere and she accused us of causing a disturbance and threatened to call the police which we encouraged her to do. The situation was rather tense. The police eventually arrived and took stock of the situation and examined our room. They pointed out to the manager that the room was in violation of building codes and agreed that the manager should refund the balance of our bill -- she still refused claiming that it was not technically possible and that she'd offered us another room and we refused it. We had no choice but to leave this hotel without any refund. This hotel is completely innapropriate and we feel that we have been robbed by its staff. We couldnt sleep, we couldnt wash, we couldnt go to the toilet, and the staff was abusive and threatening. All for 80 pounds a night!	
Nov 3 2003	Beware of the Regency Court Hotel	Our first stay in London was to be the Regency Court Hotel in Earls Court. What a disaster! Budget accommodation is certainly the description I would give for this accommodation. Upon arrival, we were requested to pay cash for the accommodation we had booked when in fact, the funds had already been taken from the Visa card provided. The accommodation was definitely not up to standard and accordingly we left the premises immediately. We offered to pay the cancellation fee (one night), but it was refused. On continuing the holiday it was noticed that further funds had been taken out of the account - funds that are still to be recovered. Beware of staying at this accommodation place - definitely not somewhere I would recommend.	
Mar 9 2008 	trés sale et manque dhygiene		
