Nov 23 2009 	85GBP Bought Me A Closet	I stayed 2 nights in this hotel. My room was literally like a closet. There was no room to set my suitcase down!The staff were not friendly except when it came time to take my money.The room had a bedspread that had burn marks on it. Everything about it was run-down and dirty.I saw a lot of other hotels on the same street that would be worth paying a bit extra for to be comfortable.I won't return.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic value for money	Plus points: extremely friendly staff, incredibly quiet room at the rear of the hotel, excellent Full English Breakfast with premium quality bacon, great central location 3 mins walk from the Tube.Minus points: tiny single room, although perfectly adequate for me for a short stay, larger people may have difficulty moving around in the very small bathroom.Conclusion: fantastic value for money. I will stay again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Hotel--convenient location to central London	The Regency staff are marvelous--Victor the owner helped me find my work locations on his map. Food was good. Room was perfect. I'm in the entertainment field and the Hotel is walking distance to most of the main studios in Soho and W1. Good for tourists too as it's right up the street from the British museum. I highly recommend it!	
Jul 29 2009 	Okay but have found better value on same street	The Regency House Hotel is located near Goodge Street station. It is an excellent location with no doubt. The hotel happens to be on a street of B&amp;Bs. I know there are cheaper places to stay on Gower Street, we actually tried to book the Ridgemount beforehand but they were booked out (£70 a night as opposed to £95 for the Regency House). Note: The Jesmond Hotel a few doors down is a much nicer place and is £90 a night, cheaper and better. Check them out.I would suggest to look at all the hotels in Gower Street before you make your decision. You can have continental or English breakfast. If you wish they will tailor the breakfast to your needs (less/more eggs, bacon, no beans etc).Bring toiletries of course!Nice restaurants nearby: Navarro (spanish tapas), Paradiso (lovely little Italian place) Both within walking distance. Book for Navarro it tends to get booked up.There was no internet access, no common room. The decor was better than the Jesmond and the room seemed a little bigger, but I still think the Jesmond tops here easily. It's adequate if everywhere else is booked, which is what happened to us (we spent two nights at the Jesmond and one here), but keep in mind you can get somewhere just as nice or nicer for a lower price!	
Jul 4 2009 	friendly clean tidy and nothing to much trouble	when we first entered the hotel were greeted with a friendly smiling helpful young lady who went out of her way to help us. the rooms were spacious, nicely decorated , .very clean and comfortable. the location suited us perfectly - short taxi ride to covent garden. having read the three previous reports, i wonder what type of hotel these people were expecting - i have travelled extensively in europe and usa and found this on above par of anything in this band of hotel. this is central london so traffic noise can be a bit loud if. window open.	
Jun 29 2009 	You get what you pay for...	I feel bad writing this, as the owner was so nice (or I'd have given a score of only 1 for location), but what a hole. I often read reviews and think people are very harsh in what they expect but although this was cheapish (by London standards, certainly not compared to the rest of the UK) and the location was good that's about all to recommend it. The room was tiny, old-fashioned and tired (looked nothing like the advertised photos), the whole house stinks of frying oil, all day and night. And this gets worse with breakfast, where you will have to sit in the small dining room at a table with other guests you don't know. The breakfast was okay but consisted of cheap ingredients and the smell of fat actually made me heave. I am not a picky person at all but I would rather spend more more money and stay elsewhere. Unless you are a backpacker or skint student (although my student room was nicer than this many times over), don't waste your money on this place.	
Jun 15 2009 	Disgusting Noisy Horrible: Ruined the first week of our honeymoon.	This hotel is on a major one way street funneling night time deliveries, cops, and party going traffic into Leicest Square area. Even with both windows closed, we couldn't sleep with the racing traffic zooming down Gower St. After 2 sleepless nights, we resorted to sleeping pills and ear plugs.Walls were super thin....a German family next door never controlled their kids banging around until 1AM....and upstairs occupants stomped around until about 2AM.We booked a double room, but upon arrival were given a single...manager didn't tell us until we talked to them the next day...that might explain why the room was ridiculously small. Room had no air flow.Also, you wake up every moring with the smell of grease permeating your room from 3 floors down where the kitchen is frying up the &quot;English Breakfast&quot;....but no blood sausage as shown on the website.Bathroom was horrendously small and diry. Toilet didn't function properly, needed anti anxiety drugs just to get in the grimy shower to rinse off all the street dust in the room if you left the window cracked to let out the heat.Website makes this look like a gorgeous and genteel retreat...in fact it is a smelly, rundown, loud, cheap dump. Ruined the first week of our honeymoon.	
May 24 2009 	Book somewhere else	This is the only hotel I have ever walked out of. It was filthy. There was a closet in the room with a broken door and a bag of half used towels spilling out. The bathroom was tiny and dirty. The floor was disgusting. The room was hot and tiny and noisy and the lock on the door was rickety and unreliable. It had nothing to recommend it. Service was terrible. We walked out. It was your classic flea bag with the ambience of a rent by the hour flea bag.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect location super friendly staff!	I stayed here with my 2 teenage children for 10 days in April. The staff are so friendly (a lovely couple who are in charge in the mornings, and a young woman in the afternoon and evenings), we felt welcome as soon as we arrived and were given bottled water to take up to our room. I've read the other reviews, and a number of people complain about the small size of the rooms and bathrooms...yes, they are snug, and the bathrooms are tiny, but this is also typical of this type of building (a renovated 200 year old row house), as well as similar to other rooms in which I've stayed in Europe. It's not a Marriot Hotel with huge rooms, but I'd imagine to get that in London you'd have to rob a bank or stay near the airport. Re: the water pressure: as far as I could tell, the toilets simply work differently in London, we found wherever we went during the day that they just don't seem to &quot;flush,&quot; so that appears to be a London-wide issue. And really, we were in London to sightsee, not to hang out in the room. We had a double and a single bed in our room, as well as a desk and a wardrobe and three night tables, so really, all the room we needed for sleeping and watching a bit of TV later in the evening. Breakfast gets a bit crowded by 8:30 (ends at 9am) so we tried to get downstairs by 8:00-8:15. You can get the full English breakfast, which we did once, but mainly we just had an egg and toast. You can ask for whatever combination you like. Fill up on toast, and you won't need lunch til early afternoon! Cross to the other side of Gower St. and go south a block to the bus stop and you can catch the #24 to Pimlico, which will stop at many points of interest (Cambridge Circus--West End musicals, and Trafalgar Square among others.) Walk west a couple of blocks to Tottenham Court Rd. to the Goodge St. tube station (The number #24 bus north will drop you off here, as Gower St. is one way heading south.) Pizza Express saved our life, excellent, inexpensive wood-oven pizzas, there's one on Coptic St. just south of the British Museum. This hotel was a perfect central location for all of the sightseeing we wanted to do, and is within easy walking distance of the British Museum and Soho. They also supply a plug adapter and watt converter, as well as a blowdryer (found them in the desk drawer.) We had a room on the garden side, but don't imagine it was all birds chirping: this is central London, and Gower St. is a major road, and even the garden side has a road beyond it that seems to be a late night shortcut, so there was traffic noise all night, much like any big city, so if you're a light sleeper, consider earplugs. I loved the age and history of the building, but it's not a modern cement walled hotel, meaning you can hear your neighbours, so we tried to keep the TV down after 10pm. It is an old house, after all, not a new hotel, which is part of its charm. We miss this hotel and London already!	
Mar 26 2009 	Entertaining staff good value for money	We stayed in this hotel in Sept 2008 and found it a rather nice place of stay, our room ( facing Gower St on the first floor ) was spacious and comfortable,Incidently our parents were staying a few doors down in the Ridgemount and their room was tiny compared with ours. There is a great italian restauant around the corner and many other pubs and restaurants with in easy reach if you dont want to wander far.Now for the staff. They are mostly eastern european ( as you would expect ) and the young man who checked us in was lovely and very helpful.When we ventured down into the basement for breakfast we were served by a sucsession of nice young ladies who were dressed up for a night on the town instead of waitressing. They were pleasant and bought some nice cooked breakfast ( bacon too salty ) but they brightened up our morning !!!!!The owner of the establishment was a large cheerful Polish man that made us laugh.His sense of humour was a little strange at times and he was a real character. Were hoping to return to the Regency soon look forward to the quirkiness of the place.	
Nov 6 2008 	Very small	I stayed at this property for 2 nights, i made the mistake of booking a single room. The room was tiny, i could just about touch both walls, and the window was obscured by a tree therefore very dark and small. The bathroom was tiny. The cleanliness etc was very good, however the room was very small.	
Oct 11 2008 	Best B/B hotel in London	What an excellent B/B hotel. I have stayed here since my first visit to London in 1988...and have always returned here. The staff is one of the best ever...and the hotel is a really jewel: close to everything in London. Since theatre and opera are my main aspects of the trip, the hotel is ideally situated: close to the tube or walking...and with Tesco's and M&amp; S closeby, it was easy to get a snack without going out for every meal. A great deal...and HIGHY RECOMMENDED.	
Jul 27 2008 	Best Location in London	This hotel is 5 minutes walk to British Museum, next to many similar hotels. We had a large family room on the ground level, that was probably a living room once upon a time. Big enough for a couple with three kids. Despite the heavy traffic on the road we were facing, it still felt like a quiet residntial area. Easy walk to some lovely squares, and busy Russel Square where many shops are. Friendly staff. I enjoyed the stay very much.	
Apr 1 2008 	Nice hotel in a very good location	We stayed at the Regency House Hotel for three nights in March and we had a pleasant stay. The hotel is in a very good location. There are three underground stations and several buses within easy walking distance. You can easily walk to Oxford street and to many of the theatres. We walked to Covent Garden and on one day we even walked to the London Eye.The owners are friendly in an unobtrusive way. We checked in at about 12 pm and when we were leaving after checkout they offered that we could leave our bags at the hotel until we had to get to the airport in the afternoon. Our room was at the front of the building on the top floor. The only time we heared other guests was when the people in the room next door got up to leave very early in the morning on one day. There was hardly any noise from the traffic on Gower Street. The room was quite nice and clean. It was more spacious than we had expected. The bed was large and very comfortable. Breakfast was good and plenty. We paid 95 £ per night for a double room. We’ve stayed at equally nice b&amp;bs in other parts of Britain for slightly more than half that price. But considering that London is much more expensive and that we stayed in a comfortable room in a nice area in a very central location I think it’s worth the price.	
Mar 29 2008 	great	great place to stay, very friendly	
Mar 10 2008 	Basic clean tired round the edges but friendly.	We booked this hotel for an overnight stay and paid full rack rate of £95 due to the time of year (Valentines weekend). However, we chose it for the location, which was great for the West End and shopping. There was traffic noise from the road but that's hard to avoid in central London.The bed was lovely and comfy and the bathroom had been recently partially updated despite being very compact. The bedroom itself was small too but that's often the case in London.The decor was a bit shabby and the fixtures a bit worn and outdated eg old TV with missing remote, mismatched bedside lamps, unfashionable wardrobe but it was clean, comfy and warm (important in February!). I got the impression that the hotel was constantly busy and they just didn't get a chance to update the rooms and almost didn't see a need to if they are that busy which is fair enough I suppose.However, this sounds very negative and the hotel was really very friendly and helpful from when we first arrived to when we left. Breakfast was yummy too and if you opted for the continental breakfast, it looked like you actually got a really good option for once with nice yoghurts and a good selection of cheeses considering the hotel only has a few rooms. Good coffee too. The breakfast room could have been improved with tablecloths on the lovely formica tables and some newer crockery because it really was a throwback to the 70's but as I said before, I can't fault the quality, just the decor!This hotel is good for a stopover for one or maybe two nights but I probably wouldn't want to stay any longer than that as it would be a bit too small.	
Feb 1 2008	Pleasantl Suprised	found this hotel in a quieter location of central london a pleasant surprise. staff were VERY helpful. room was clean and kept tidy during our 4 day stay. We will certainly be back again and would recomend this to anyone	
Dec 2 2007 	Great Location helpful staff if you ask	I called this property in a last-minute panic and the woman who answered was helpful in arranging our weekend stay. It was a short walk from Euston Tube station, and very short walk to the British Museum, our favorite. The first day, we needed some first aid supplies, and when asked where to find a chemist, the staff was again helpful and friendly. They may not make the first move, but are very nice if you need anything. Postives include the spacious double and large, firm bed on the top floor, decent noise reduction (we faced the street but double-glazing kept noise down), satisfactory breakfast incl. that tasty marmalade. Negatives would have to be the cleanliness level, the bathroom was adequately clean but a bit grimy, the bedroom floor seems never vaccuumed, and the dust and dinginess are a little off-putting. Most important to me is to be able to sleep, and that we were, comfortable and content. I should add that I expected worse from the bathroom, given reviews here, but ours was just spacious enough.	
Jul 20 2007 	The smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in my life	Stayed for 1 night in July. Wanted to book tried and tested excellent Ridgemount Hotel nearby but it was fully booked. So I had to give Regency House a chance. The room was incredibly small. TV did not work properly. Room being on the growund floor, right at the staircase, I could hear all traffic up and down the stairs all through the night. In the morning I was awaken by the stench of bacon rashers being prepared in the kitchen below. Breakfast was frugal compared to other establishments on Gower Street (no cornflakes, like at Ridgemount Hotel, which, by the way, I think is the best budget option in the area). All in all, too expensive for the service. Woun't stay there again.	
Jun 23 2007 	so-so	I stayed in a single room. The plus points - excellent location. Goodprice. Room facing garden at back quiet. minus points - I can accept the room being small - this being central London but smallest showercubicle I have been in (I am a 6 footer) was a big let down. Shower itself a letdown, bad water pressure. Whilst there, another guest who came in for breakfast was told - &quot;we are out of toast , I'll have some for you tomorrow&quot;! I was earnestly recommended to pay for the entire stay upfront. I didn't object but this was no exactly welcoming is it? Room was clean but not spotless - there was dust anddirt in obvious places.	
May 21 2007 	Good but not excellent	We stayed here for 3 nights.Price/qualitay this hotel is OK.Altough to me its a B&amp;B and not a hotel.There is no reception.Service is good but not that friendly as many say in reviews.We had one of the noisy rooms on the street side, at 115 pound a night (triple room with one big bed and one small).Its hard to find cheaper in this part of town, but since its an old building and noisy the price is correct to me. Wouldn't give more for this kind of hotel. Bathroom very small.Breakfast excellent. Check out is very early, but so is check in so no complaints about that.Its a place i keep in mind, for a city trip you are not that much in your room, but an excellent sleep due to the noisy street is not evident at all.	
Apr 6 2007	Fantastic stay	This was a gem of a find - it was in the heart of london, only 10 minutes walk from Euston station. I got the double room at the top which had a lovely clean bathroom. The staff are very friendly and helpful and it has a lovely homey feel to it. A bargain	
Mar 26 2007 	Standard 2 star hotel very central	This little hotel is 5 minutes far from the Goodge street Station and 10 minutes far from Tottenham Court Road station. We got a triple room which was big and bright, there was a king bed and a single bed. The bathroom is incredibly small but has a good shower and in general it is clean (even if a bit worn down).The carpet and sheets were clean, there was a little dust all over the furniture, but more than acceptable. From our windows we could see the nice garden of the hotel, we suggest to ask for a room facing the back side of the Hotel (as our was) as Goodge street is a main road quite noisy. The overall feeling you have in the hotel is of a quite old B&amp;B, a little drab maybe, but which has all the comforts you can ask for in a short stay in town.(for 99 pounds per night in triple) The breakfast was super, the english breakfast was well cooked but they also had good marmalades, jams and scones. The staff was really friendly and helping. The hotel does not have a reception desk, they have a small office in the lower floor.If you need to have dinner with not a big budget at Centre Point (Tottenham Court Road) there are some fast foods. We ate a good pizza meal at Pizza Hut.	
Feb 27 2007 	A weekend away	We stayed at the hotel because we were going to see a show in London. It was a nice hotel but the only problem was that 2 of the 4 non smoking rooms booked smelt extremely badly of smoke. Apart from this the breakfast was good, staff friendly (especially trying to book us a taxi). We would definitely go back to this hotel in the future.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great Value	We decided to stop at Regency House mainly due to its location and ease of access into the Theatre area of London. Easily reached on foot from Euston station we found the triple room we had booked to be roomy and clean. We were greeted on day one by friendly staff and found that this service remained throughout our 4 day stay. Breakfast was of a home made standard and was one of the best english breakfasts we have had. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for good value for their money wishing to stop within walking distance of the theatre area.	
Dec 15 2006 	central near tube and bus clean	i reccomend this hotel for the following point:-near tube line 300 metres;-in front of the bus stop;-near British museum and a few minutes walk from the commercial Oxford Street;-clean room;-very good english or normal breakfast (included on the price of your stay).The bathroom is small in the triple room, but the shower is good.I enjoy very much to stay here.	
Dec 7 2006	Highly Recommended	We stayed for a week at the Regency House in the end of November 2006. We were travelling in three, but upon our request for a spacious room we were very kindly allowed a room on the ground floor having 1 double bed and three single beds with two windows overlooking Gower Street. We were very pleasantly surprised by the size of the room (compared to other rooms we have had in London hotels in previous visits). The bathroom was not smaller than we expected and was very clean. Plenty of clean towels were supplied daily. The smell of breakfast wafted up to the room every morning, but this only served to whet our appetites. The room was well-equipped and has a wireless internet facilitiy. The hotel is situated in a very nice area (see street photo included with this review) and the location is excellent and central.The English breakfast was lavish as promised by the photo on the hotel site. Apart from the egg, bacon, beans, tomato, mushroom &amp; sausage it also includes plenty of toast, juices, tea/coffee, jams, marmalade and a variety of cheeses.Staff were extremely helpful and went out of their way to solve a problem we had with our laptop which could not connect to their wireless internet (presumably due to some settings on our laptop because theirs was working fine), and they did not give up until the problem was solved, calling our room more than once to check that everything was fine. They were also very helpful in suggesting sites we could visit during our stay and useful tips.The reception we had was very warm and we were made to feel part of the family. We look forward to staying in this hotel again in our future visits to London!	
Nov 21 2006 	Pleasant stayexcept for the street noise	My husband and I stayed at the Regency House for one night, on Sept. 25, 2006. Although I'd made the reservation many months in advance and specified that I wanted a room on the garden side for quietness, we've been told upon arrival that there was a problem with the booked room. The lady at the front desk couldn't tell us exactly what the &quot;problem&quot; was and we had to accept a room on the street side. The weather was very hot for September and we had to keep the window open all night long, which was quite disturbing since Gower St. is a very noisy street. However, the room was comfortable and the bathroom - the smallest I've ever seen - was spotless clean. The breakfast was excellent too. At time of check out, the owner was there. He explained us why we the garden side room was unavailable. He appologised for the inconvenience and offered us a 10 Sterling Pounds reduction, to our satisfaction. Overall, a bad start turned into a good experience. We're planning to come back again, but only if garden side rooms are guaranteed available.	
Nov 19 2006 	Prime Location - Good Room	Our room was clean, comfortable &amp; well maintained. The King size bed was comfortable - breakfast was freshly prepared &amp; great. The location is prime! Around the block from the Tube &amp; the night bus ran every 10 - 15 minutes all night long! The bathroom was small but clean with PLENTY of hot water. London is brutally expensive &amp; I was not thrilled to pay $175 per night. But $175 appeared to be on the low end of the pricing scale for the neighborhood. No complaints here!	
Sep 1 2006 	Adequate comfort in a Great Location	When my husband and I arrived at the Regency House, I was pleased because the website actually does not accurately represent how pleasant the property is. The proprietor and staff were initially unfriendly, but with a little conversation and politeness from us became very warm and helpful. We were pleased with our room, which, while small of course, was more than adequate, with an enormous window overlooking the garden, a lovely original (non-working) fireplace, and very high ceilings. The impeccably clean bathroom had all the necessary amenities and good water pressure, but make no mistake, it is absolutely tiny in size. This was not a problem for us but to be honest, someone who is severely overweight might have a great deal of difficulty manoevring around the bathroom. The bed itself was not very comfortable, but other furniture provided (desk, chairs) was much nicer. The fittings and furniture are slightly outdated but are still tasteful. Breakfast was a very pleasant surprise, a full english breakfast cooked fresh, abundant toast and coffee or tea, and high quality orange juice. We were not expecting such a good breakfast from a hotel of this price range. Also a pleasant surprise was that the surly-looking staff were in fact very helpful and accommodating at all times. The location, obviously, is excellent, the hotel being situated a short walk from several tube stations, very near the British Museum and the Goodge St shops and restaurants. Easy walk to many popular destinations and short tube ride to anywhere in central London. Tottenham Court Rd is noisy both day and night but for anyone who is used to city living this will not be bothersome. My only true complaint about this hotel is that they allow smoking in the rooms, and there was a constant smell of smoke wafting about. This was not hugely problematic but I did find it unpleasant. Anyone who is allergic or severely averse to cigarette smoke MUST NOT stay here. However, on the whole, I recommend this hotel to anyone who requires a decent room in a good location in London and who does not require luxurious accomodations.	
Jul 6 2006	Great price for a great location	My wife is a graduate student who needs to travel to London regularly for meetings at the university. Sometimes she goes on her own, sometimes I accompany her. Since location, convenience, safety, cleaniness are very important to her, on my first visit to London I walked up Gower Street to vist the many B&amp;Bs there. I took notes after peeking into the rooms, checking out the bathrooms, talking to the staff, etc. Of the dozen or so B&amp;Bs there, I knew Regency House would be it. Subsequently everytime she went I would try to book Regency House for her, and she would come back with compliments. Finally last month I went to London with her and sampled it first hand. For BP85 we were put into a large room with 3 beds on the ground floor facing Gower Street. The noise level was tolerable, but given the large size of the room it was perfectly acceptable (when she went on her own, her single-ensuite faced the backyard and cost only BP50). The bathroom was small, as expected, but the overall condition was clean/decent. The breakfast was excellent. I was really hungry one morning but I still couldn't finish all the toast, jam, cheese, eggs, bacon, sausages... that were offered. Last but not least, the staff was really helpful, from booking a car for us to catch the 6.00 a.m. flight out of Heathrow, to letting us check our bags at the office, and on one occasion even allowing early check-in so we could take a nice shower/nap before a hectic day in London. Regency House is definitely a place I will recommend.	
Feb 7 2006	Needs an update but it's perfect	Stayed there for a weekend early february though we made a booking on the Cavendish (next door). As the Cavendish is carrying on major works, they kindly realocate us at the Regency House.Well, that was definitively a good idea as this hotel has an excellent price-quality rate. The staff is so kindly and the rooms are good in size, but they need an update. The bathroom was clean and was one of the smallest I've ever seen but, at least, we were no sleeping nor living in there, so it was not important for us.The breakfast is also very good. Complete and tasty.About the location of the hotel, just have to say that has a good situation, near many attractions and Goodge Street underground station (5 min. walk).Surely we'll come again.	
Feb 6 2006	Average budget hotel	We have stayed in the Regency House Hotel in January 2006. We had a double room on the first floor for 65 Pounds per night. The room was of average size (for Europeans, Americans will find it much too small). The room was clean, the bathroom small but also quite clean. The breakfast is served in the basement. You can choose from English Breakfast (ham, eggs, tomatoes, beans) or cereals. Also served is toast, juice, tea and coffee. Jam and cheese also are available. The breakfast was pretty good and always made freshly.The situation of the hotel is quite good, the British Museum is just a short walk away, Covent Garden and Soho are also within easy reach.I would recommend this hotel to all people who are looking fo a budget hotel, but whoever wants a little more comfort should search elsewhere. Also not everyone might like the area.	
Feb 4 2006	Cosy and clean	Regency House is definitely an above average hotel. The location is excellent- 5 minutes walk to the station and near to many shops and restaurants. It is within walking distance of the British museum and Oxford St. We were very content with our room as it was clean and spacious (the staff kindly gave us a triple room even though there were only two of us). Although the bathroom was small, that is to be expected in London. Our room faced onto the backyard and it was not noisy. If you are a light sleeper it would be best to request a room that is not facing Gower St as it is a main road.The breakfasts each morning were fantastic (bacon, eggs, baked beans, toast, cheese, sausages, coffee and tea) and the staff were very friendly and helpful. This is an excellent bargain in London and it was evident that this hotel is lovingly maintained by its staff.	
Dec 14 2005	Excellent B	Loved this hotel. It was our first trip to England and I had heard stories of the unimaginably small rooms in Europe. Not so here. The room was adequate size, very clean. The staff was helpful and gracious. The English breakfast every morning was essential to start out the day. Great location, but I would ask for a room at the back, not facing Gower Street, if you need complete quiet to sleep.I would reccomend this hotel without hesitation, especially for first time visitors who may be overwhelmed with the choices and want to operate within a modest budget.	
Oct 13 2005	Good place to stay	Small rooms but they do their best with the space available. Clean, which is unusual from other B&amp;Bs in the area. Friendly staff. Have stayed often and will do again.	
Jul 10 2005	Great Small Hotel	This is a well located, small hotel with fourteen bedrooms, all with en-suite bathrooms. Three short blocks from the Goodge Street underground (Northern line), three longer blocks from Euston Square (Circle, Hammersmith &amp; City, and Metropolitan lines) and also close to several bus routes. About 500 metres from the British Museum and just over twice that to the theatre district, so walking to these areas is easily manageable. The downside to the location is that you are on a fairly busy street, although I found the noise levels quite acceptable.I was allocated a single room at the rear with direct access to the courtyard garden. The room was small, which is to be expected at this price level in London. It was well kept and clean with a new carpet, firm single bed, very small wardrobe, small writing table with kettle and telephone, and a television. Since the room is on the ground floor directly off the entrance hall and next to the staircase used to go down to the breakfast room, the door has had additional padding added to help cut down on noise. I rather enjoyed the smell of breakfast coming up but my fellow traveller in the room directly above did not. The en-suite bathroom (shower, toilet, and wash basin) was one of the smallest I have ever used. Water pressure and temperature range for the shower were more than satisfactory. Once again all was well maintained and clean.The breakfast room is busy for the last half hour it is open and the food is good. I didn't try the coffee but my fellow traveller told me that it was &quot;typically British, not Continental.&quot; The tea was fine!This brings me to the hotel's service, which can make or break a guest's experience. I found it to be excellent. Everyone makes mistakes and it is how they are handled that makes the difference. I arrived late on the first evening to find that my booking for the first night had been lost in the system. The manager was telephoned, I got an immediate apology, and alternative accommodation for the first night was arranged within fifteen minutes. &quot;Taking ownership of a problem&quot; is something that is often talked about but is encountered far less often in reality. The manager and the other two staff I encountered all knew what had happened, each apologised for it over the course of my stay, and everyone made sure that the rest of it went off without a hitch. The discount I was offered on the first night when I checked out was the cherry on the top to emphasize just how seriously the problem was taken.I would stay at the Regency House Hotel again without hesitation and, indeed, my fellow traveller has just done so.	
Nov 6 2009 	Très bon hotel à Londres. A conseiller vivement !		
Aug 3 2009 	Puzza di bacon tutto il giorno!		
Jan 7 2009 	Sehr enttäuschend		
Nov 28 2008 	Hôtel agréable que je recommande typique anglais déco et personnel !		
Nov 9 2008 	très bonne adresse à londres		
Mar 15 2008 	Bien situado		
Feb 24 2007 	Ottimo Hotel per soggiorni economici a londra		
