Mar 1 2009 	Hit or Miss	A year ago we stayed in room 106 which was wonderful- especially the great cooked breakfast and freshly cooked croissants. However more recently we stayed in the hotel for a weekend and we did not enjoy the experience. Firstly we stayed in room 207 which was awful as there was a small gap between the single glazed window pane and frame meaning that noise from the busy road outside was not insulated, resulting in no sleep that night whatsoever. We asked to move rooms, but the one of the staff said she had to consult her manager first and let us know later in the day and we were made to felt like we were incoveniencing her. Also no apologies for our bad experience. We eventually got moved to room 203 which was slightly better as we were facing the street just off the main road, but it was still quite noisy. The breakfast was a bit disappointing, as we had to pay for cooked breakfast if we wanted it rather than it being included in the price. The continental was okay with cornflakes, toast, yoghurt, fruit and muffins but only croissants from a pack this time. It's a shame our first experience was so much better than our recent stay there. Despite this, it is good value (quote online price of £55) if you get a room that is not facing the main road as the hotel rooms are decorated in a modern fashion, has a comfortable bed, flatscreen TV and a nice bathroom.	
Jan 31 2009	It was good	Was a good city brake from Manchester. Family of three (no extra charge) for two nights at New Years Eve with youngest 14 to see fire work at London eye. (Raj hotel in islington, Elena hotel must be it's previous name.) Friendly staffs, clean rooms, comfortable beds, good bus service from the doorstep. Continental breakfast cereal, fruit, fruit yogurt, croissants, toast and jam, cake. Plus on New Year’s Day complimentary full English and with a glass of buxfizz, very nice. Car parking was a problem. Don’t know what I’d have done if canon bury rd. car wash-car park wasn’t there 0.8 mile away, £9 for day £14 for 24h. Other odd complaints, mangy staircase carpet, no mirror except one in bath room, no safe box in room, no clothe hooks in bath room. But, yes I’d stay there again.	
Dec 10 2008 	I like it here	I have stayed here on many occasions as it is cheap and conveniant for events in the area that I go to. Even with the renovation work underway my room was clean and comfortable (as always) and you get a good breakfast which unlike most places doesn't finish early, you also can check out later which is good if you've been clubbing at weekends! I always like staying here. Basic but good, and the beds are always really comfy! Good value all round.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great value and quirky!	Hotel is very good value for its location, although it is a bit of a walk from the tube station.It has a nice bar area and the staff are very friendly and helpful. It appears to be in the middle of refurbishment at the moment; however, as a whole it is quiryky and fun. Certainly not luxurious, but has character!	
Nov 11 2007 	Don't bother	Overnight stay to attend a conference at my own expense, so it was the cheapest I could get, and I got what I paid for. Dirty internal decor, smelt damp, mattresses needed replacing. I could feel the springs and consequently had a rotten night.Not in the best of areas. Although there were 3 of us we felt very intimidated walking in the area looking for somewhere to eat.Staff gave wrong details about how close our conference venue was and this was also wrong on the website. The Design Centre is 20 minutes by car and rather longer on foot!Breakfast not cooked properly.Single travellers take care with your security.	
Apr 15 2007	Mixed response from us	Staff friendly, but:Despite three requests, the room was unbearably hot (April!) becaues of the heating pipes running under the floor.Little sleep, despite leaving the window fully open.Cutlery and pots needed washing properly.No noise checking - talking, giggling, loud TV, slamming doors into the early hours.Room not cleaned properly, not at all one day. The piece of cellophane on the carpet (sweet paper?) we regarded as a friend - it was there when we arrived, and still there when we left.One out of two showers did not work properly. Window frames are rotten.They really need to spend some money and get some decent staff, or it will be too late.	
Mar 30 2007 	Overpriced London	In my experience, nowhere does &quot;basic&quot; like London. And this hotel is no exception, it is basic in the extreme.The hotel isn't dirty, and the location is not too out of the way, but the ambience is fairly prison cell-esque. The walls are thin, and I had a sink in my room which made a bizarre glugging noise most nights. The rooms are bare and without even token decoration, and the shared bathrooms are pretty drab.If you've never stayed in London, it is worth paying as much as you can possibly afford so that your hotel doesn't ruin your holiday. I knew what to expect, and wasn't on holiday when I stayed (I was waiting for a flat to become available), but even so it depressed me a bit staying here. If you're out all day and only intend to sleep, then it would be okay - not to suggest for a second that the beds are comfortable, however!London is pricey - if you plan to visit, bring plenty of cash. I'd even recommend shortening your stay if you can't afford somewhere nice - bad London hotels are REALLY, REALLY bad. This isn't the worst I've stayed in (I left one after five minutes once!), but it is not recommended.	
Mar 24 2007 	Good value for the money excellent breakfast	Friendly staff and excellent English breakfast included. We stayed in a double room with private facilities. Room was basic but clean. Friendly neighbourhood.If you are looking for cheap accomodation in Central London this is the place to stay.	
Jan 16 2007 	Good for the Price	To be honest, I thought for the money that the hotel was pretty good, especially given some of the utter doss houses at similar rates in London. We stayed down as a group of lads for the match at Arsenal and the staff were perfectly friendly, the breakfast was good and the room did the trick. Obviously it's not palatial, but it was clean enough and I've stayed in many a worse place in my time.	
Sep 23 2006	Don't Go!	Dirty, poorly furnished, very unfriendly and uninterested staff and extremely noisy. You must pay before you see your room and you are guaranteed no sleep between the noise from both inside and outside the hotel and the fact the beds are so narrow you will fall out if you turn over! Can't comment on the food, I didn't even risk it.	
Jan 29 2007	Sans prétention..		
