Nov 22 2009 	LOVELY STAFF AND ATMOSPHERE - BUT ROOM VERY DISAPPOINTING	Foyer and restaurant / bar beautifully designed in a minimalist style. I stay in hotels around the world a fair bit and this was really different in a great way! Staff were all charming, attentive and helpful and the breakfast was first rate. However, for all its minimalism and eye-catching design, the detail of the room (#109) was very disappointing. The view from the one tiny window was into a brick wall and another bedroom making the long bedroom very claustrophic. The lighting and plumbing were erratic and the air conditioning rattled all night. There were no coffee making facilities and the mini bar choice was very thin. The double bed was made of two singles bolted together with two single mattresses... and the jerry cans on the wardrobe.....?Each room is apparently quite different from the next. However, my associate had similar comments on the state of his room - which also needed a refit. The rooms aren't awful - they just aren't as good as they should be - and as the hotel thinks is acceptable at this price! It is trading on the minimalist design and ambience, but not offering the quality of roomit to which it aspires.Other London hotels will offer you better rooms for less.	
Nov 17 2009 	Terrible service	The Hempel looks nice but the service is very bad. We were 'upgraded' to find they had put us in an apartment across the road from the hotel on the fourth floor and the lift was broken. Got the distinct impression we were being given a rubbish room (insects all over the roof of the bathroom and room hurriedly prepared) because they wanted our suite for someone else. We left a couple of things in our room and called four time to get them to return them and they never called us back.Either they only care about regular customers or they don't care about customers at all. Either way, very poor. Very, very poor.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely stay - fabulous hotel	Stayed for my Birthday - a deluxe room was booked and on arrival they upgraded us to an apartment in the opposite building. Althought this was impressive (with a huge sunken lounge and a fully fitted kitchen complete with washing machine) - the bedroom was small with a bathroom inside the wardrobe (seriously!) so we elected to go back to a very pleasant de luxe room which had a balcony to the back of the hotel. The hotel gave me a chocolate cake and Birthday card - nice touches!We spent a pleasant evening in the bar, enjoyed a leisurely bar meal and then a wonderful night sleep in this remarkably quiet and relaxing hotel. The hotel is designer minimalist so not for those who like traditional opulence - however it is a great destination for those who like a understated luxury in peaceful surroundings.	
Oct 29 2009 	Cool Spot	Cool people, cool rooms, unique. Lovely Restaurant in Basement and cute Bar. Very central for London City.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent hotel!	The Hempel is a minimalist treat which makes for a wonderfully unique experience when compared to the predictable design and layout of most hotels. An excellent location that makes you feel that you are living in London rather than simply passing through. Service was very good and the staff helpful right through to looking after our bags once we had checked out. The rooms were very clean and comfortable with excellent facilities. Breakfast is particularly good! Tea making facilities in the room would have been preferred but it seems to be the norm nowadays! A memorable weekend!	
Sep 14 2009 	THIS WOULD BE MY PICK OF HOTEL OUT OF ALL WE STAYED IN	I would totally recommend you do yourself a favour and stay at the Hempel. Its superbly located, and a serene quiet lovely place to stay while in London. The staff are so helpful and friendly and the hotel immaculately clean, rooms very spacious with lots of space to relax. Bed was wonderful with gorgeous linen and everything of a superior standard right down to the toiletries in the bathroom - gorgeous! Our room looked out over the trees of their lovely tranquil garden, perfect place for your coffee and a book (if you get time!). Breakfast is not to be missed, fantastic food and the chef's home made muesli is a must have! Beautiful. A real oasis of quiet and calm in the City of London. A must do in our opinion and great value for money. Anne and Laurie Erskine, New Zealand	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfect in every way	This hotel is beautifully designed and perfectly located. Excellent food, drink, rooms and service. Cannot fault it at all. The rooms are like something out of a magazine. Marshmallow beds and trendy. Great drinks and lovely garden and staff. Felt really welcome and cant wait to go back.	
Sep 8 2009 	It was terrible and I think i was bitten by bed bugs whilst there	upon our arrival noone helped us to take our bags to the room. room was minimal but for hotel that rates itself a 5 star it was dirty, scratches on walls and furniture were everywhere. bath tub had fungus stains on it, we found a little bug on the towel and one in a bath and the next day when we checked out i got a rash all over my shoulders. a friend sad it looked like bed bugs and when i checked it out its exactly how it looked. this is the worst hotel i ever stayed in and it is a complete disgrace they consider themselves a 5 star hotel. its cheap and unhygenic and offers zero style and service and it now looks like i got bed bug bites from staying there as well. never ever again will i stay there even for free.	
Sep 2 2009 	Money well spent	We live in London but not centrally so every now and again we treat ourselves to a night in a hotel in town. I didn't know anything about the Hempel hotel but we got a good deal so we decided to go for it. It is hidden away in a quiet residential street so it's away from the masses. The room was lovely and a great size. Breakfast was included in the price and was excellent. There was a lot of choice, everything was well presented and the service was great. Even the newspapers were included which is rare these days! I would definitely recommend the Hempel to anyone staying in London.	
Sep 1 2009 	The Most Fantastic Hotel stay in London- Friendly staff - rooms great-	We were welcomed on arrival as we got out of the taxi with a friendly smile from the Porter,Receptionist in fact everyone, our whole experience for 4 nights was fantastic. Breakfast each morning was great with bowls of fresh fruit including strawberries, kiwi fruit, pineapple, and really a breakfast unsurpassed anywhere we have been. We had been travelling 3 months so experienced a lot of different hotels, The Hempel would be one of the top Hotels we have stayed at. Andrew and all staff are extremely professional and we had coffee and freshly made cookies in the garden - a real oasis, while formal in its layout it provided a very relaxing and tranquil area in the centre of busy London. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy a lovely spacious room in a friendly relaxing hotel, cabs are very easy to get if you don't want to use the subway.	
Aug 26 2009 	Beautiful boutique hotel	We stayed for two nights at The Hemple. It is a beautiful boutique hotel in a lovely setting. The room was spacious and modern with a lovely view over the square to the front of the hotel. Not as close to a tube station as I would have liked but easily walkable. Staff were helpful and pleasant. I would definitely return here in the future.	
Aug 24 2009 	Relaxing and Lush	We have just returned from a wonderful 2 week holiday to visit the family in the USA. So sleepy and our anniversary... that's where this lovely little hotel came in. We booked for just one special night. A meal and a Jr suite. (we were upgraded to an apartment!) The room was beautiful. Clean and bright. The bed was so comfortable! Like a marshmallow! Champagne in the room waiting for us. Rose petals on the bed when we returned from dinner. Every box ticked!The meal was super. The restaurant was not open to the public as it was only open for 6 days. We had the entire place to ourselves. Our waiter Martine, was charming. He chatted to us like old friends. He explained each course to us and gave us space to enjoy and laugh and chat but was always around to top up our glasses!It was a magic night. Thank you Hempel we will be back!	
Aug 14 2009 	Funky relaxed and very friendly	I recently stayed in the Hempel with five friends for two nights while attending some pre wedding events.We had three rooms - all different and interesting in their own way. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. The bar was a great place to have a quick drink/snack on your way out and the garden was great in the morning for a relaxing coffee.The lobby and bar areas are immaculate and whilst the rooms are getting a little worn in places they are still top notch! Robes, slippers free wifi etc all added to the experience.	
Aug 7 2009 	StylishElegant and A Great Location. A bit on the pricy side.	Recently a friend treated me and my partner to a night at The Hemple. I loved it! It is so stylish. All of the rooms are different. The atmosphere is quite zen like, as the place is a real designer number. We were really able to relax,and de stress here. It is pretty much of an Oasis in the heart of London, west London that is. Lots of Auzzies. So its real eazy to get from the hotel into town, or to wherever it is you want to go. There are buses, tubes, taxis all nearby. My boyfriend and I had a real blast here. I'd recommend this hotel for anyone looking to enjoy a few days in London. Although not a place for kids. Or the very elderly. A bit on the pricy side, but it was a gift. So we did not have to fork out for the bill.	
Aug 5 2009 	Needs a facelift but staff were very helpful and friendly.	When I got to the hotel I was struck by just how minimal minimal can be. Not good. Reception area looked tired and devoid of life - not really something you want when going on holiday. The halls too need more light and cheer, if not color. The room was disappointingly small (tiny!) and at this point I was calculating just how much the rate was! The bath was ok but dangerous with 2 steps down (imagine going for a pee in the night!) plus the step from the tub to the floor was too high. No coffee or tea in the room means neg points too. Bed was too soft but loved the duvet and pillows! Room was always tidied up and supplies were ample. The food was great! Breakfast was hearty and the dinner we had there on two nights were sumptuous and just the right portion. The dining staff were attentive and friendly. Santos and Joe (at the bar) were always up for a nice chat.Location was easy for travel and the garden is a beauty! I may try it again after it is renovated (this year as per GM's note) but I won't rush back. There are great hotels in Kensington and Hyde Park which cost less...	
Jul 30 2009 	SOOOOO DISAPPOINTING - RUDE INEXPERIENCED AND DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT THE PICTURES ARE SOOOO DECEIVING!!	My husband and I booked room 502, one of the four junior suites. We arrived at 3pm and waited for an hour to check in which is normal cuz check-in is at 4pm. But we had to wait another half an hour because apparently the drain was clogged and they had people working on it. So by the time the room was ready, there were like 5 more groups checking it and only ONE staff to take each group up so that took another 15mins. When we finally walked into our room, the room first of all looks NOTHING like it does on the pictures. It looks more like a spacious dorm room. Nothing in the room really, but a crappy couch and a coffee table, a desk and a table with a basket on it. Tons of drawers and cupboard space in the room but NOTHING in them. The mini bar is so minimal, they don't even have a hot water boiler or a simple coffee machine or a dvd player which costs like 50bucks US these days and for the price you pay, something as simple as that should be provided. Then I walked towards the bathroom and stepped in a big pile of gross water on the floor. I guess from them working on the drains. NASTY. The bathroom is nice, but that about it, but the shower still clogged and flooded on the last day.They only had one set of towels when they clearly know that there's two of us staying here. Had to ask for more toilet paper when we ran out and had to wait 10mins for it. Just really understaffed I think.Breakfast in the morning is gross, please consider going out to eat. And when we asked for tobasco and ketchup, they bring us salt and pepper and mayo and ketchup.Called the front desk to ask for something, NO ONE ANSWERS THE PHONE, like seriously, not one person to answer the phone at the reception of a hotel?! Joking right?Had our room made up in the morning, and when we got back to the room in the afternoon, we received two consecutive calls (like one after the other) asking us if we'd like our rooms made up. Which just goes to show the staff is really messy and there's no communication between them.Just a really really disappoint experience, maybe I had really high expectations cuz it the pictures are really deceiving and it's definitely not considered that cheap and they also milk you on anything they can, like local calls, or even the gym which they provide one that's &quot;close by and can use for a small fee&quot; (seriously?!). All in all, terrible hotel, would NOT come back, staff is NOT friendly, except for the maid and Joel from the bar.	
Jul 21 2009 	The Hempel Design Hotel with average service but outstanding room comfort	Got at the Hempel walking through all the budget hotels situated in the neighborhood...Could recognise something was different from the stilish but cold lobby.Style is expressed everywhere but not in the elevator that are too common.My room lacked a view on the Gardens but the wooden parquet and the marble in the bathroom together with the hidden door to the bathroom gave me the opportunity to relax.L'Occitaine amenities are agreable and the shower is lovely. The mattress, the pillows and the blankets are extremely lovable..An oasis of calm in the heart of one area filled up of cheap budget hotels..One of a Kind for its garden that is really lush but does not justify the rate is applied. Excellent for couples..But ask for Garden view in advance.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location but not a 5 star hotel!	We were lucky enough to win a 2 night stay at this hotel for 4 people, so we never had to pay for anything and for that I am eternally grateful as it is very expensive! The location is great and very easy to find. The reception is a little devoid of ambience and has a bit of a funeral parlour feel about it. The rooms are all minimalist which I didn't mind, but our bath was on the dangerous side. The drop from climbing out the bath to the floor was very high and with the polished floors really is an accident looking to happen. We had continental breakfast included in our stay and I have to say the food was delicious and very plentiful, with a great choice of cereals, meats and pastries.The staff were helpful and pleasant for our entire stay. We enjoyed our stay at the Hempel but have to say if I was paying for a break like this I think I would have been a touch disappointed. Not a 5 star hotel but you do pay 5 star prices!	
Jun 28 2009 	A real disappointment	The Hemple isn't disgusting, dangerous, or anywhere near the worst place I've stayed in London. But it definitely registers as terrible because the deflation you feel after staying there is really huge. It's built up to be a really great (5 star – who makes up these things?) place, but it just isn't.The hotel is decorated with the sort of overzealous minimalism that’s really confusing and borders on the bizarre. The meeting room I was using had a huge door that when shut, literally became seamless against the walls. Great, except when you left the meeting to go to the toilet, then could not even find the door to your own meeting room again- it was so invisible amongst the walls. The toilets in the reception area were hidden behind the same sort of invisible doors BEHIND THE RECEPTION DESK. So, anytime you wanted to go to the bathroom you not only had to walk behind the hotel staff checking someone in at the reception desk, you usually had to actually interrupt them to help you find and open the invisible and extremely heavy door. I honestly couldn't push the thing open myself - the hotel staff had to do it every time. You'd think that the staff wouldn’t want people from the meeting rooms located around the reception barging past them at the reception desk and then being unable to actually get into the bathroom on their own, but I guess not.The staff themselves were completely polar in attitude depending where you were: the staff at the front desk and the breakfast station were really friendly and pleasant. The staff from the restaurant seemed incredibly disgruntled to be serving anyone. They would completely skip over individuals in the group when we were ordering, to the point where one colleague literally hadn’t eaten anything by the time anyone else was done. When we called this to their attention, they acted like it was our fault, and then continued not to serve her for about 20 minutes. I stayed in a junior suite and while it was clean and adequate, the minimalist decoration made EVERY chip in the paint and bauble in the carpet extremely noticeable. The room wasn’t kept in a state of repair that would make the decoration look crisp as it was intended (and in a hotel room, I’m not sure that level could ever be attained). The room layout was also strange: the only window whose light reached the bedroom was across the bath in the bathroom, so the whole room was extremely dark at all times. All in all, the Hemple isn’t the worst place to stay – but for the money, it’s far from the best.	
Jun 19 2009 	Heaven! Already planning our next visit.	Three night stay in a Junior Suite. The room was spotless, huge with all the amenities - free wireless, Frette linens &amp; robe, turn down service, 60&quot; flat screen and a giant bathroom with a shower stall sized for two and an over sized egg shaped bathtub. Front desk staff were flawless -- helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. Of course the design is stark and sleek but we found the zen ambiance to be a relaxing oasis after the bustling crowds. Located in an elegant neighborhood but handy to the tube, the Hempel surpassed all expectations..	
Apr 4 2009 	souless place needs a personality transplant!	Our room was very small and univiting, the beds no better than the one at boarding school, every time I sat on it it moved!. The bath wouldn't empty. We were then moved to an apartment, which though much better, was in dire need of a paint job! The staff, although friendly, had a problem with b.o. I.If you are into minimalist, then this is the place, otherwise, don.t bother!!!!	
Feb 24 2009 	Loved it!	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Hempel for three nights which included New Years Eve 2008 and loved it. With the US Dollar strengthening against the Pound and with it obviously being difficult predict if it will stay this way, we headed to the London for their January Sales. I know of the hotel from an article I read a couple of years ago about a Hollywood Actress whose favourite Hotel in London is The Hempel. I will be honest and say I was a little bit apprehensive about staying as some of the Tripadvisor stories are not that flattering, however we are open minded and realise that what one person believes is a good or bad experience is not necessarily what another person may believe. The Hotel is in quite a quiet little pocket of London only a few minutes away from the West End in a cab and it looks out over a beautiful Garden. Unfortunately, the weather was so cold in London whilst we were there that apart from walking around the garden a couple of times taking photo’s and having a cigarette (the Hotel is entirely Smoke Free) we didn’t get to really enjoy it – it must be lovely in summer, as there is outdoor furniture scattered around it and what looks like restaurant furniture at one end  We had a lovely Deluxe Room that looked out over the Garden. Our room was spotlessly clean and every day that we returned from shopping lumbered down with bags it was lovely to arrive in a warm inviting and immaculate room. We had a nice romantic dinner in their restaurant on New Years Eve and still had plenty of time to get across to the Embankment to watch the New Years Eve fireworks.  I agree with some reviewers that the design is getting a bit tired but maybe it is more do with other Hotel’s copying The Hempel and it just looks like it has been done before. Anyway, there is a welcome note in the room from the General Manager mentioning that there will be a refurbishment this year, so with some luck with the exchange rates at the end of the year we can come back and check out what they have done, I am sure it will be fabulous. By the way, the staff were warm and friendly especially Joel in the Bar and the one morning we ate breakfast in the Hotel it was lovely – nice coffee and what looked like and tasted like top quality buffet choices.	
Jan 15 2009 	A wonderful experience	My husband booked the Hempel as part of my birthday celebrations and the hotel was fantastic. The staff were attentive and very welcoming. Specifically the attention and service we received at breakfast was excellent - we both worked in the hotel industry for many years and this really was amazing. The hotel itself is stunning and very convenient for walks in the parks and or shopping. Highliy recommended	
Dec 23 2008 	Fun and Unique Experience	We spent Thanksgiving weekend in London at the Hempel Hotel, and had a wonderful experience! The hotel staff was so warm and friendly when we arrived, and through our stay provided great recommendations for activities and dining. The H Bar lounge and bar on the main floor is so classy and elegant, and the service was great. We stayed on the first floor in a beautiful room that over-looked the gardens. The room was spacious and grand with its high ceilings and tall windows. The bathroom was absolutely fabulous! I did not want to get out of the shower in the morning! The Hempel offers the perfect room-delivered breakfast. It is just the right amount of food to start the day and it is delivered at the time you request. The croissants and latté's were delicious! The hotel is situated in walking distance of Paddington Station and Hyde Park and is set in a charming, safe neighborhood. Overall, we had a lovely experience at the Hempel. The staff was friendly and helpful, the food was delicious, and the modern design made for the perfect romantic weekend to London. We will definitely stay again, and recommend it to our friends and family!	
Nov 6 2008 	H is for horrible	no dont do it - while i like the design of this hotel the staff are without knowledge or interest, uninformed of the most basic requirements of a visitor to London we booked 2 nights last week while attending a conference - seldom has a hotel experience been so poor The room - great design but not ready at 14.00 - so we waitThe balcony door does not open, cracked tiles, renovation in process in the bathroom, front door lock wobbles.This is a management problem the staff are friendly enough but have no idea what to do.sorry it was a wash out	
Oct 3 2008 	The Horrible Hempel	Sadly, The Hempel was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had.The room was pleasing to the eye but not functional. The bathroom mirror ( Room 401) was so high that I was only able to see my forehead. Not conducive to putting make up on!The mattresses were so soft, I think they must be the orginials. The duvet folded between two sheets, instead of a duvet cover, made me squim in the night when I found the duvet itself pressed against my cheek, knowing it was not washed between guests. The polydown pillows are beyond comment.Although a double room, we had one towel to share but we did have two bathrobes. Our friends in the room next door had two towels but one bathrobe ( when they called housekeeping they were told the hotel was full and there were none left.)My continental breakfast took well over an hour to arrive, and when I questioned the wait staff, I was told that &quot;There WERE other guests!&quot;As a previous reviewer said all style and no substance.I was asked when checking out if I enjoyed my stay and got a very odd look when I asked does minimilist mean not smiling?	
Sep 29 2008 	Shocking	We have just returned from an evenings stay at the Hempel Hotel, which is described on your web site as a 5 Star Luxury boutique hotel. Based on our stay I believe that this description is far from correct, based on the level of service and the standard of our room provided by the hotel.Service On arrival on Friday 26th September we checked in to The Hempel, and as requested I handed over my debit card to guarantee our room. Reception then proceeded in charging the cost of our room plus a considerable amount to deposit against any extras straight away onto my card without informing me of this, this totalling £350. This amount was not discussed with myself and had it been discussed I would have explained that I did not require any extras therefore did not want to pay any extras, due to other arrangements had been made by ourselves for the rest of our stay in London. Upon checking out of the Hempel 27th Sept, I was issued a refund of £112.67. You must agree that this shows that the amount I had taken from my Card was considerably above the cost of the room. You should be made aware that when a payment is taken with switch it is debited instantly, however the refund will not be credited back into my account until 30th Sept, 3 days after being issued. Another issue I would like to bring to your attention is that your staff failed to show any interest in us as guests. We were not informed of any of the hotels facilities despite telling them we had not stayed there before, we were not made to feel very welcome at all.HotelOn the hotels website you are very keen to mention the luxury of all of the rooms, however I feel that the rooms were very much based on look rather than the finish. The room was very basic with what seemed like painted mdf doors on the wardrobes and cupboards. The bathroom was also poorly finished with taps that looked as though they hadn’t been wiped for a week rather than that day. Also the bath tap was facing upwards and when in use a stream of water ran out of the base of the tap and down the wall, this is not what I would consider as luxury. Within the seated area there were two doors opening onto a small balcony, these didn’t lock. There was also an electrical item that had failed a PAT test and in a luxury hotel I would expect small details to have been fixed at the time of failure.On entry to the room a large bed greets you, which upon getting into at night we were disappointed to find that this was in fact two beds pushed together, which always leads to one person sleeping in the gap all night. Considering I had booked a double room this appeared to be a twin room made to look like a double once again the look of the room was put before the comfort of the guest as one large bed would have been more comfortable and wouldn’t have detracted from the impact of the room. My disappointment was only heightened when I returned home to remember that I had made a conscious decision to book a Deluxe room. I can only begin to imagine what a Superior room would have been like. I only wish that the look of a bright and airy luxurious hotel too which was shown on the website had been carried over to what we felt was a dark and dingy overrated hotel and glad that I didn’t pay for the guaranteed garden view as during our stay we would have had a lovely view of a marquee. This also meant we were unable to enjoy the Zen garden as advertised on you website.During a recent stay in a luxury hotel, we stayed in a Malmaison, which left the Hempel looking more like a 3 star hotel, when in my opinion it should be the other way round, based that it is from a chain of hotels, I only wish that this had been the case based on a difference of £100 per night. Overall our stay at the Hempel was disappointing and we will not be recommending this hotel. However our feelings towards your hotel do not reflect the rest of the service we received from other establishments where we were made to feel very welcome. Our stay in London was for my partner’s birthday and had it not been for the wonderful service at Fifteen then my partner could have felt very disappointed with her “luxurious birthday gift”.	
Aug 27 2008 	Hampered at the Hempel	We stayed here for the holiday weekend August 08. What should have been a relaxing weekend turned out to be a bit of a trauma.Firstly, the hotel cancelled our booking when we added an extra night. This was fixed and our first impressions of the hotel was very positive - lots of neat, quirky but minimalist features with a great entrance, bar and good rooms.Upon closer inspection however, the rooms - 11 years old, now need tlc and in some instances seem dated, albeit clean - so they should be at over £200 per night. Also, the tv was not working and required a maintennance visit.The service is not reflective of the prices and as there were 2 weddings during our stay, the hotel seemed more keen to prioritise this than anything else. We had a letter in our room on Saturday virtually banning us from reception for half an hour on Sunday morning with guests being ushered out of the hotel via the basement service entrance. Seriously - we were not allowed in the lobby!At breakfast, It took 25 mins for toast, 35 mins for fresh bread, 20 mins for cold meat, cheese and butter to be replenished on the buffet due to staff working on the wedding. Also only one fruit juice out of 4 available. No offer of a cooked breakfast on either day. Not the kind of service one expects when shelling out £13.50 for a cocktail in the (very nice) bar!!!! If that weren't bad enough, our bill had been overcharged,(for cooked breakfasts not even offered) our friends too, by £50+, in addition to 4 other couples departing at the same time as us.All in all, not value for money and more style than substance. My feeling is that the hotel is sufferring success syndrome and resting on its laurels. Lastly, the overcharging seems to be contagious................ I hope it's just a &quot;bad weekend&quot;...................	
Jun 14 2008	it's ok.....	i'm not sure if it was the high hopes i had given who recommended this hotel, but i never became a fan. it was ok. very minimalist -- if you're into that (for example, a bed is just a mattress on the floor).	
May 21 2008 	Worst value for dollar hotel experience in my lifetime	Do not stay at this hotel! I was charged for items listed on the hotel's website as included in the room, the internet wifi being a prime example. The room had exposed wires, molding paint throughout where the wall met the floor, and no power outlets save from moving the bedframe and mattress away from the wall and disconnecting the lamp as the only available power source in the entire room. No sound insulation exists and as a result one is able to hear other people talking in their rooms, walking in the hallway, and television playing. This hotel claims to be a five star, but is a two star at very best. There is no value for your money at the Hempel. It is a shallow and shabby hotel fraudulently announcing itself to be chic.	
May 20 2008 	A faded star	My Partner &amp; I have always wanted to stay at the Hempel and found a great deal on Laterooms for a recent stay in London. Arriving late - no door staff - so much for 5 Star. A small problem about check in - I prefer to pay by switch not credit card - this seemed to be an issue - why so ? It isn't at alledged lesser hotels. Walls paper thin - If you were in 509 over the weekend - I hope your cough gets better. The bathroom in 508 is plain dangerous to get in and out of to take a shower. For minimal see under no fixtures at all. No where sensible to plug in phone chargers, laptops etc scrambling about on all fours to find a socket is no fun at any time. Also is it too much to expect a chest of drawers to put ones socks and so on in ? Obviously it is. Won't be returning there are far better hotels at better value in London.	
Apr 26 2008 	Mutton Dressed As Lamb	I feel a bit naïve for not having read the reviews here prior to booking, but I had the perception of the Hempel being the kind of class act you wouldn’t need to scrutinise before reserving a room. That was one mistake.My other mistake was to request a late check out. My partner and I were celebrating a special occasion and we did not want to be in a rush to check out on the Sunday morning. In my experience, some hotels will willingly assist you in this, if it is at all possible. Some will charge and some will not. I will not go into minute detail, but it was an arduous process to get the reservations desk to record merely even the request next to my room reservation. My request was allowed only after being kept waiting for 30 minutes to check in to our room, and after this I assumed that everything would be fine. But unfortunately, it wasn’t.We arrived in good time for check in – however were kept waiting in the bar until our room was ready for some 40 minutes or more. We kept having to check with the staff on reception as to whether our room was ready for us. Whilst waiting around for our room, my partner commented on how the hotel looked quite dated for an ultra modern hotel with a minimalist look and feel. Earlier before the check in saga, as we had driven to the hotel, upon arrival we asked for directions to park our car. We drove around the block to find a space which was suitable. Note to the Hempel: negotiate parking spaces with your locality, as your guests may have had to endure a long drive in the first place to the hotel – not everyone wants to spend another 40 mins or so, looking for parking!!!Our hotel room was OK – nothing special. We expected more from a Deluxe bedroom. Be aware that the walls at the Hempel are very thin. You can hear every knock on the floor and every door shutting. Not to mention the lift ‘ping’ every time the lift stops on your floor!On the Sunday afternoon at 1.30pm, after returning from a stroll, and upon ordering some tea from room service we received a call from the reception telling us that we should vacate our room because it had been noted that we had not yet left and we were reminded that we should have checked out at 12pm because all the rooms were booked. I explained to the man on the front desk that he must have his facts wrong as our late check had been agreed and confirmed with the man who had checked us in, so I told him to check his facts and call me back. He did this and called back, but instead of confirming that they had made an error he reaffirmed his request to have us vacate as soon as possible. Again, I told him to check his information and that I was definitely not lying to him even though he was not trusting what I was saying to him. Since both my partner and I were now stressed out, I went down to the reception to discuss it in person to sort out the whole matter face to face. It was only at this stage that they acknowledged there had been a mistake. They said they were sorry, but not in any meaningful way after the stress they had caused. But to add to this, my partner had had a conversation with the maid who was servicing our floor while I was downstairs sorting out our late check out at reception. The maid clearly knew what time we were to check out, and yet the front desk didn’t have a clue! And when our tea arrived shortly after this episode, without prompting, the man from room service talked about how quiet it often is on a Sunday afternoon and that they had several rooms that were vacant at that time on this day since most people checked in on the Monday. So clearly I was lied to by the man on reception who had created the impression that we were somehow preventing someone else from coming in our room by checking out later - bloody cheek!I think this kind of behaviour is totally unacceptable from an establishment which is positioning itself in the marketplace as a calming and revitalising refuge. Is the idea that you should rest before they stress you out before leaving? If this is the case then job well done!A positive point to note about the hotel, is that the room service staff and maids are attentive and friendly. On every occasion we were greeted with a friendly smile, and their helpfulness made our stay more bearable.As a closing note, the décor of the rooms may have been new and different once (they now look a little dated and cheap), but unfortunately there are now about 100 other hotels out there with similar - if not far better - clean modern interior design, the main difference overall is that they probably treat their clientele far better than the Hempel.My partner and I shall definitely not be returning to the Hempel and would recommend others considering this establishment to think again and book elsewhere!Trouble and Mischief	
Apr 21 2008	Three stars at best	Crap. Five star, my [---]. From the moment we arrived everything was shoddy. We pre booked a car that never showed at the airport, even with two emails and a phone confirmation. The service was mediocre, nice enough but not at all professional. The only reason to stay here and pay the rates (it isn't even that convenient), is the room design, which is impressive at first glance but entirely sacrifices any functionality (I couldn't even use my bedstand because some insane porcupine modern art lamp used all the space.My advice: Don't. Just don't.	
Apr 13 2008 	Sadly Disappointed	I'd read the reviews but thought maybe some people were looking for a 'normal business hotel' which was why they were disapponted with The Hempel. Sadly not. My husband chose the hotel as it was one he'd always wanted to stay in. It was to be our first night away together for over 4 years since having children. He booked it directly with the hotel &amp; we thought we were getting a garden view. The hotel is impressive from the outside, the gardens are impressive and the staff were efficient. The reception area is amazing but that's where it stops. We were so disappointed with our 'executive' room. It was at the rear of the building which meant we looked over buildings &amp; back gardens. It was a good size but worn &amp; shabby. The black painted mini bar was chipped with white showing through. The items outside the mini bar (hangover cure remedies etc) looked like they'd be on display for years. The bed looked impressive as it was huge but the sheets had holes that had been darned. It turned out our massive bed was actually two beds joined together so we ended up sleeping on our own beds! The bathroom was functional if you were 6 foot tall (I couldn't reach the mirror) &amp; the shower was fine once I worked out the taps. The toilet paper was very cheap. There was a bowl with cotton wool in &amp; when I lifted it, it was full of dust so clearly hadn't been replaced for a while. I saw no DVD player, no oxygen canisters &amp; no candles in the room. I did like the mood lighting though. The bath robe was not soft &amp; the complimentary slippers were a joke - so cheap &amp; tacky.We had a dreadful night sleep as it was so noisy. We were 3 rooms away from the lift but heard it pinging all night long. We were in an end room which had interconnecting doors with our neighbour. At 5.30am they had a wake up call &amp; so did we - could hear every word. The doors are huge &amp; our neighbours banged there's twice as they were leaving. My husband found the bed too soft.We had the continental breakfast which was fine. It was nice to see the designer features in the dining room although once again the black furniture was chipped.So to summarise the hotel is beginning to look run down &amp; for the price I believe there are better places to stay in London.	
Mar 16 2008 	A unique experience.	We are just back from a night at &quot;The Hempel&quot;. I was taken to London, by my partner, as a surprise, so that I could be taken to have dinner somewhere fabulous [which I was] and to see the &quot;Russian Exhibition&quot; at the RA. That was fabulous too.The partner, whilst unstinting in his generosity does not read &quot;trip advisor&quot;, which is a bit of a shame, but at least enables me to write this unfettered by anxieties of him reading this and realising that I didn't tell him the truth about my feelings for the Hotel.The truth is that I hated it. It was cold, hard, inefficent, and uncomfortable. Well the bed was comfortable, but nothing else was.The bathroom has no shower, other than a hand held one, with no &quot;hook&quot; to hold it above your head. There were no shelves to put anything on and the lighting was almost non existent.I like &quot;contemporary&quot; but this is minimalist to the point of being punitive. I couldn't wait to get into bed and close my eyes. Opened I felt like I was in a cell.There was no sense of luxury or comfort. I just wanted to get out and get away.Unless you really crave this kind of, alleged, style over substance, avoid at all costs.Oh which brings me to the &quot;costs&quot;. Exorbitant, in a word.Worst hotel experience I have ever had, at least since I could afford to stay somewhere decent.You have been warned.Obviously, had my other half read tripadvisor before booking, then he wouldn't have booked.	
Mar 12 2008	very disappointed	Agree entirely with previous poor reviews - rooms need a good lick of paint and are sorely overpriced for what they are, staff are supercilious and unhelpful, and with the exception of the great bar staff are not worth their 5 star tag... not recommended at all.	
Dec 7 2007 	Hempel = has been	Just very sad to see a hotel with such potential to be managed so bad !The location and the style are great, yet the rooms show signs of aging.During our stay we had to change rooms twice.first room u could here the neighbor speak on the phone and every single tone that was coming out of his TV.So we changed into a new room, also great view to the park great styling, but all wooden tables and wardrobes already show heavy signes of abrosion ,chipping colours etc.But we stayed until the evening when we had a roach running over our bed we insisted on yet another room.Staff did move us without discussions , but due to the fact that it was the 2nd change in rooms in a hotel of such standard i would have expected a little more attention and maybe a free bottle of sparkling and not just a &quot;oh sorry bout that&quot; !!!There is definetly better places to stay in London nowadays!!!!	
Oct 16 2007 	Beware!	The Hempel is lovely to look at, and we loved the location. But the attitude of the staff is unbelievable - condescending, insulting, insufferable. The hotel hosted a party the last night of our stay. There was loud noise till 2 a.m. and - the really awful part - a blaring, terrifying fire alarm went off about 6 times.In the morning, we requested a credit for our sleepless night. The manager insisted that we had been warned about the party. We had not, and told him so. He accused us of lying. He claimed we were the only people to complain, and treated us with barely contained hostility. It was an awful experience, which we want to protect others from.	
Oct 15 2007 	Terrible Customer Service at the Hempel	My parents were due to stay at the Hempel in a two bedroom suite (£500+/night) this October. They booked their rate in August and received an advance purchase discount.In the intervening period my stepmother was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumor. As she would be in treatment in October, and was generally unable to travel they had to cancel their trip.The Hempel refused to refund the full amount of the stay, refunding only 50% and insultingly offered an upgrade on a future stay. This runs against standard practice in the travel industry (read any airline T&amp;Cs)The staff are incredibly arrogant to deal with and only more so as you work up the chain.Do not stay here!	
Sep 25 2007 	Stylish night of my life!	I stayed on monday night at the Hempel hotel in London.As a bonus we've been invited for London Fashion Week Party in the Hempel.It was fantastic!!!! I can easyly call in party of my life!So many well known faces! we were drinking champagne all night. I fell sorry for houndreds people outside, which couldn't get in...well, I think it was just for VIP's.I hope I will have time to come back there as soon as it will be posible. I cant wait other suprises- maybe Michael Jackson this time???	
Sep 13 2007 	Poor Poor Poor	Stayed in the Lioness den suite. Suite was not ready at the specified check-in time. So we asked for a restaurant recomendation near by while we waited, when we arrived at the restaurant it was closed. The suite its self was nice although not very large, came with a bottle of wine, ample water and lots of fruit.The staff were no where near the expected standard for a hotel of this quality. They spoke in slang and would almost be loitering. They need some refinement. Overall I got the impression the hotel was designed very well but they are cutting costs in the day to day running which directly impacts the enjoyment of your stay.Hotel has a very small gym and no spa facilities. Location of Lancaster gate/Paddington is not the most convenient.Overall Way too much for what you get for your money. At these prices there are many better places to stay in London,	
Jul 15 2007	Hempel over-rated	This hotel is long on looks, short on comfort. Every room is apparently different so not sure if I just got a bad one or all are similarly uncomfortable. Upon check in, I was told there was no place to park my car and that I could feed the meter on the street. But then they couldn't make change for me without sending someone out to a shop. Then I was told there was a parking garage about a five minute walk away. Being a single woman and arriving back late at night, I was not enthused with that option. Eventually, I was told someone would park it in the garage. When I called the next day to ask for my car to brought round, I was told there was no one to do this (and having not parked the car, I had no way to find it myself). Finally, the person on the front desk talked to the manager and it was eventually brought round. You get the drift.The floors in the rooms are wooden so that you hear everyone walking in the room above you and I'm sure anyone below me heard me. Most annoying was the fact that there was no proper shower. It wouldn't occur to me that five star hotel would not have a shower. I was reduced to crouching in a hard stone tub and using one of those spray showers - while trying not to spray it all over the bathroom.I was staying there on a business trip and what passed for a desk was not at all functional or comfortable and there was no ethernet cord anywhere near it. To use the etherent (which was close to nothing), I had to sit in bed and stretch the cord (hidden behind the tv) to it's limit just to do that.The small bedroom had three different levels to it so to walk around a couple of hundred square feet, you have to go up and down stairs repeatedly. The bed was encased in wooden frame so that you had to nearly do gymnastics to get into and out of bed. It was not a user-friendly room in the least.The food was good and the garden lovely, but unless you're planning on sleeping in the garden, I'd take a pass - much better value of dollar in other hotels in London.	
Jun 24 2007 	Never again	I had occasion to stay at the Hempel recently while in London on a business trip. Six other colleagues also stayed there at the same time. We all HATED it. Loathed it. It was the worst hotel we’ve ever stayed at in our (extensive) world travels. Here are “highlights” from my experience:Room Disservice: On check-in, I was assured that the hotel has 24-hour room service. So imagine my surprise on hearing at 6:30am when I called to order breakfast that breakfast isn’t served until 7:00am. However I was assured that they would talk to the chef and send my order up in 10 minutes. 7:15am, still no breakfast. I called again. “We’ll send it right up, sir.” 7:45am, still no breakfast. I called and canceled my order. (I needed to get ready for the day and couldn’t wait any longer.) 7:55am, there is a knock on the door, “Room service.” By this time I was out of time to eat breakfast, so I sent them away.Business Unfriendly: Minimalist has its merits, but shouldn’t extend to no phone numbers in the hotel room. How does one call the front desk when you know not the number? Or room service, for that matter (the menu in the room says to press the room service button on the phone – but there is none)… Call the operator for everything. Where’s the Ethernet cable? The tiny desk has a sign that says there is an Ethernet cable on the desk. But there isn’t. It’s by the TV – oh and the cable is too short to reach the desk. See the uploaded picture for the wonderful solution I was forced to use. That’s my laptop on my suitcase on the coffee table with the Ethernet cable snaking over to behind the TV. (Sorry the picture isn’t high quality – cell phone cameras aren’t the best…) Need to charge something? Better unplug something else because the desk has no available outlets. (I didn’t need that lamp, did I?)Where is the toilet paper? I’m really sorry, but minimalist design shouldn’t extend to making one reach back behind the toilet to pick up the toilet paper roll and hold it in order to do the business at hand. (Yes, really – see the photo.)Shoddy, shoddy, shoddy: Something about minimalist design – it must be executed very well or it just looks bad. Well, you guessed it – this place looks bad. See the other photos for an idea. (I ran out of time to take more pictures – there were many more examples.) The execution of this place is just terrible.Obsequious incompetence: The staff ranged from fawning to couldn’t-care-less, but there was one common denominator: incompetence. I could go on and on – but you get the idea.Were this a two or three star hotel priced at a reasonable rate, that would be one thing. But at the rate of £250-300 per night, to say it’s not worth it would be more than just English understatement.	
Jun 24 2007 	Fab	I was nervous about staying at The Hempel after reading some of the reviews on this site. Especially as it was £214 a night!We arrived and were welcomed by a man on the door who took our bags immediately to check in. The reception was amazing to look at and the staff at the desk were extremely friendly, making sure we had a restaurant booked for our first night in London. After booking in we were taken to our room, again the gentleman took our bags. I was wowed by the room, it was like nothing I had stayed in before. I do agree with some reviewers, who say that some of the paint work etc could be sorted out in the rooms but I just loved the layout and decor. We were called to see if we needed anything and the room was cleaned out and left perfectly each morning. The Zen garden was beautiful and perfect for sitting in after a long day on your feet in London with a cocktail from the bar. They were around the £9/£10 mark but worth every penny! All in all, I didn't want to leave and can't wait to go back again.	
Jun 17 2007 	Terrible Hemple	I decided to book a fabulous weekend away to surprise my girlfriend. When I told her we were staying at the Hemple she was really thrilled. You walk in to the lobby and it looks amazing. We were really happy, and then we got to our room!!!! I booked a deluxe double, thinking it would be great. Unfortunately I was wrong. The room was shabby to say the least. The bed was covered in chips and scratches, you could see the screws that were holding the bed together along with the glue that they used to fix the poles across the top, to me it looked like an IKEA bed constructed by blindfolded monkeys, carpets were frayed at the edges, and paintwork not finished very well (ceiling lights lagged in paint really don’t make them work that well). No offence but you could get better room standards at a Travel Inn. My girlfriend ended up cleaning the toilet as it was not clean, and complimentary breakfast consisted of fun size croissants, and a few cornflakes. I know it’s supposed to be a minimalist hotel but come on do me a favor .If you do stay; my tip would be to select everything on the breakfast menu, that way you might just stave off hunger pangs until lunch time.To top that having spent most of the first day walking around London and was really looking forward to a nice hot bath, but again we were disappointed when there was no hot water due to a problem. My girlfriend phoned down to find out what the problem was and was shocked to hear the abrupt reply ' It's not fixed yet!!!! Most hotels would reply in the normal manner of 'We do apologise for the inconvenience....etc.etc..' The minimalist theme continues with the staff at the door and reception as there was no one there when we got back at 8pm. The lift is free for all to use!!! Very security conscious then.For a hotel that you pay over £300 for one night I would expect so much more. I am very disappointed with The Hemple. I don’t know what service celebrities get when they stay, but believe me I saw none of it.If you feel that you want to stay at an expensive hotel run by foreign exchange students then feel free but I will not be staying there again. I didn’t like to complain at the time but will write a letter to the hotel expressing my disappointment, but having read some reviews from other guests I won’t hold out on getting a reply	
May 14 2007	Perfect!	This is by far the most amazing hotel i have ever stayed in. For starters the staff will go out of their way to help you and they even ring you before you arrive to arrange any transport to the hotel. The room we stayed in (standard double) really lived up to the word minimilist, Bose stereo, wide screen tv, amazing view of the zen garden! fantastic! The resturant was pretty impressive too and after travelling through the busy part of london, you walk through the door and you're instantly relaxed! i would recommend this hotel to people with an eye for style! The one bad comment i can think of is, there is no in room teas and coffees and the shower had an air lock in it so it squeaked slightly, other than that PERFECT! cant wait to go back. oh and btw watch out for the 12.5% service charge on drinks.	
Mar 16 2007	A local's view	I live local, and this is the best hotel near my house. As such various friends have stayed and we eat from time to time in the private gardens.Unfortunately the same problem always occurs – terrible service by people who have probably never worked in a hotel before. The bar, which is very nice, has new staff every time I go there, and usually they haven’t a clue. Service is so slow – 20 minutes from ordering a bottle of wine until it reaches you in the garden, and you’re the only guest there – work that one out!Rooms etc usually disappoint and the whole hotel is 2001 style, with no substance.There are better places to stay unless you need to be north of the park	
Feb 5 2007 	Awful still.........	Stayed here in January - 2nd visit, but why did we go back?????I can report that unfortunately nothing has changed, still very dirty and such awful service. The front desk staff were very unhelpful, not able to speak english fully and not proactive enough. The room, deluxe was smaller than expected and we heard the noise of the lifts all night, so did not get much sleepWe complained as we were leaving and asked to see the duty manager who took some money off the final bill and promised to invite us back to restore our faith in the Hempel. However, it has been just over a month now, having sent in 2 letters to complain about the service, we have received no response. I had even sent the letters in by recorded delivery to ensure that they arrived safely and explained this in the letter, but still no joyPlease do not visit if you are looking for good service and expectational quality of rooms as you would expect of such a rated Hotel	
Jan 31 2007 	Hip and Cool	I came across this fanastic hotel in London that is so under rated.The service was above excellent - food exquisite, attention to detail second to none, and the atmosphere sexy and yet so tasteful. I find it hard to say but this hotel exceeded my expectations, and I look forward to a return visit	
Jan 23 2007	Truly awful!	We were told by taxi driver that Michael Jackson stayed here the week before. Hope he got better service than us! Staff indifferent, room tiny (we had to sqeeze past the bedside tables to get to the bathroom) and the room was overwhelmingly hot with no means of adjusting the temperature. In the end, after several requests to reception, we slept with the balcony door wide open. Worst of all, when returning around 3am from a late night out, we walked into the open hotel, nobody at the reception desk and went unchallenged, into the lift. Security should be better than this.	
Nov 28 2006 	nowhere near as good as I expected	It's true: when you enter the loby the hotel looks really impressive and you assume you're going to be sent up to your amazing room. After all, we are paying a fortune for this room. WRONG!!! The room looks like no effort has been made to decorate it and looks really bland. Before we booked this hotel, we phoned and asked what the difference between a superior and deluxe room was. We were told just the size, both rooms are equally amazing. If the deluxe looks the same as the superior, seriously, don't bother! The service is beyond awful. We gave up on room service as no one could be bothered to answer the phone. The staff speak very bad English so don't understand your requests. They also charge you 12,5% service charge on EVERYTHING, even a cup of tea so beware of that when budgetting your stay. Needless to say I'll never, ever stay there again and can't understand why so many celebrities go there.	
Nov 24 2006 	The Hempel Lacks Luster	The Hempel Hotel, touted by London papers to be &quot;the hippest, trendiest place to stay in London&quot;, will not be for long if they depend on word-of-mouth recommendations. What a disappointment! The room they assigned us must of been the most ordinary room they could find. It was unacceptable for the price. The manager was gracious enough to allow us to select another larger room and gave us a complimentary bottle of wine (which was on the bill when we checked out). The room was noisy and so hot we could not breathe. Even when we turned off the heat, we had to keep the balcony door open at night. The room was a bit too much Zen; too much hard edge, including wood floors and the tub/shower combination required a gymnastic move to get into and out of amid slick marble floors. The most disturbing thing was the housekeeping. The maid did not remove or replace dirty glasses. Though the promotional materials promised Moulton Brown bath products, they were only in our room the first night; they were replaced with horrid thick products made in Colorado for the remainder of our 7 night stay. I would never, ever stay there again..way over-rated, over-priced and under-serviced.	
Nov 23 2006 	When VIPs don't include the guests	This Hotel over sells itself; our two-night stay was a nightmare from start to finish. We had to wait over 40 minutes to get our room, the deluxe room was noisy as the hotel is made up of several Victorian houses knocked through, so you can hear the TV from next door (poor noise insulation) and people walking down the corridor all night long! The champagne breakfast was a disappointment being just a bottle of bubbly - no smoked salmon or other trimmings - far below what one would expect for over 400 pounds per night package (although that included dinner that was about £20 per main per person). To top it the staffs are less than friendly..If you really want to book - check no VIPs are staying - they take over the hotel and are given priority over all other paying guests, to have a dozen or so bodyguards / hangers on staring at your you and your wife it not conducive for a relaxing stay!Would I return - not in this lifetime!	
Nov 14 2006 	All show no substance	On first entering the cool, sohpisticated foyer, our stay here looked promising. However, despite having told them in advance this was the night after our wedding, our room was not ready so we had to store our luggage in their supposedly safe luggage room, go out and return in a few hours. After later being shown to the room, one of our hand luggage bags did not arrive with everything else. The junior concierge went to search and we heard nothing for nearly an hour when we went to investigate ourselves. Over the course of next 3 hours, our bag is still not found and no senior manager was apparently on site for us to see. We report our missing luggage to the police as no-one has managed to track it down and it contained some valuable items and gifts from our wedding the day before. We are assured to see the hotel manager in the morning. The next morning the manager is again not available on site. Not one word of apology has been uttered by any member of staff, indeed they don't seem to care at all. We speak to the manager on the phone who asks us to write to him with all details of the previous days events so he can make a full investigation (there is not room here to write the full list of incompetancies we experienced during our time there). Having mailed, faxed, telephoned and emailed, two months later we are still waiting for any kind of reply. We booked this hotel primarily because we prefer the individual service and attention you normally expect from a smaller boutique property. I have truly never experienced such inattentive and unprofessional staff in my life. As an aside, the room was also disppointing - cheap, badly made furniture and bathroom fittings no way near up to the standard of a luxury hotel. Why this hotel gets so much attention in the &quot;in-the-know&quot; press and media, I really don't understand.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great Stay	I have recently stayed for 3 nights at the Hempel with friends, although the room was not ready when we arrived, we was offered a complimentary beverage for the invconvenience which was welcomed after our journey.We dined in the I-Thai restaurant which was excellent and the food was very good along with the service.Certainly a must see and stay to gain the experience	
Oct 11 2006 	Super cool!	Stayed in a deluxe non-smoking room for 1 night the 1st week of October 2006. Gorgeous and apparently new décor. Modern, global contemporary style with really innovative doors and storage systems in the room. Bed was extremely comfortable and LCD TV was nice. More channels than other UK hotels we stayed in, but unfortunately, the pay-movie option was not working. Checked in 90 minutes early but only had to wait 20 minutes (which were relaxingly spent in the bar with great martinis) for our room to be ready. Our room overlooked the courtyard which looked like a great place to have refreshments when weather permitted. Although it was rainy when we were there, it was nice to gaze at from the tub regardless.As suggested, we made reservations to the hotel’s Thai restaurant and received a 20% discount. Returned to the bar for more pre-dinner martinis and found it to be lively. The restaurant had the same beautiful Asian/modern décor as well but for some reason was playing rat-pack 50’s lounge music. Expected something a little more serene or global chic for the music. Food was good, but unfortunately did not blow my socks off. We came back to our room to find that housekeeping tidied up and turned down our bed. The only cons were the noise from the elevator and neighbors. I’m not sure whether it was because they put us in the room right next to the elevator and we just happen to be staying next to some rock stars or wannabes – not sure, but I awoke several times from the racket &amp; music our neighbors kept making and unfortunately, was too tired to alert the manager. We had to leave at the ungodly hour of 4am but the staff made all the necessary arrangements and the cab was ready and waiting by the time we got downstairs. All in all, I think the Hempel is a wonderful hotel. Price is on the steep side, but I believe they delivered: the rooms were clean, comfortable and gorgeously decorated; staff was efficient and friendly; and last but not least - great drinks. It was our last night and London and we were more than content to stay inside.	
Jul 24 2006 	Disappointing ..	I agree with other reviewers who have said that this hotel is not as special as the hype suggests. It definitely needs a re-fit - the rooms and the public areas are all looking tired, the seating in the lobby and bar areas is badly stained, the furniture in the rooms is knocked and scratched, and even the garden looked shabby. Our room was OK, but nothing special. Others have commented about seating areas, but we didn't have one .. in fact the room was quite small. I would say the biggest disappointment was the noise - we were right next to the lift and were disturbed by both people using the lift and the bing bong noise of the lift itself. Add to this traffic noises, train noises (it being close to Paddington), and poor sound proofing between floors, it wasn't the most relaxing night's sleep. On top of this the rubbish trucks turned up early and that was really noisey. There are better places to stay in London for the price this hotel charges.	
Jul 23 2006 	Fun for once	The hempel is a good hotel that isnt overly expensive for London 5 star hotels. The location isn't that great if you want to get out and see the city everyday. I love modern and trendy hotels and I expected a little more from the Hempel. The look was a little dull and not that much fun, it all felt kind of weird. It's a very very small hotel which i didn't completely expect. We had to switch rooms because the air conditioner in the first was broken. We were stuck there for 2 nights with a loud temporary system which was a little annoying. Most of all I was let down by the design. It didn't seem to be that original or exciting but maybe thats because the hotel is now 10 years old. I had a great trip overall and the hotel was good, but I wouldn't come back.	
Jul 13 2006	Not that special was disappointed	Don't be fooled by all the hype, the Hempel is NOT that special. I stayed there for two nights at the end of June on a romantic retreat, and considering the amount of money we spent I was not that impressed. When we tried to check in we were told our room wasn't ready, as were the other two people in line behind us - despite the fact it was after the designated check in time. (As we checked out we heard new arrivals being told the same thing.) The room itself was fairly small and dark, and the furniture and decor was shabby. I know it's a minimalist hotel, but a shabbily painted white room with only a bed in it is taking the micky, in my opinion. We had a small lounge area facing out onto a row of flats, so couldn't open the blinds as our neighbours would be able to see right into our room. The flat screen TV was attached to the wall in the little lounge area, and so we could not watch TV in bed. Neither was the sofa big enough for two adults to lie on, so we ended up laying half on the coffee table and half on the sofa in order to watch TV... hardly what you expect when paying over 200 quid a night. On the plus side, the room had a decent enough stereo (although no remote control) and a massive bathtub (easily big enough for two). The location is good for nightlife in Notting Hill. The staff were very friendly too.	
Jun 22 2006	Wonderful World	I stay here all the time and I feel as though I have to share my thoughts on this fantastic property.I stay here on business all the time and on each occasion I am made to feel welcome from the moment I walk through the door.On first name basis with many of the staff members I am still impressed to see how the service just keeps better and better.Joel makes a mean cocktail, Juan always finds me a great place to eat in the evening and the breakfast crew helps to make a good start to my day.My friends and work colleagues have also stayed and are also raving about the hotel to their family and friends.Keep up the great work.	
Jun 22 2006	What a place!!!!!	I have just returned from a stay at the Hempel and what a wonderful place it is. I read the reviews on the hotel before my arrival and some I feel was not justified.I was greeted at the door by a very polite gentleman who showed us through to the reception area. Greeted by huge smiles and a friendly greeting it was great to be in such a five star property.The reception staff was very helpful, when asked of a good place to eat in the evening I was kindly offered their own restaurant, they provided a menu to look at, too good to be true we decided to reserve a table. Fantastic service &amp; food in the restaurant, very friendly and helpful.To end the perfect day we went to the bar for an after dinner drink, to my astonishment we was asked if we would like to take the drink in the garden, an opportunity not to be missed.I will be recommending this to all my friends and family and I will definately be back.	
Jun 6 2006	A Wonderful Hotel	London: The Hempel, Bayswater. &quot;A wonderful hotel&quot;Date: 2nd June 2006Reviewer: A couple from Sidcup, Kent, England.For our 30 wedding anniversary my husband arranged a surprise night to stay at this wonderful hotel. From the moment we arrived the very smartly dressed staff were excellent and very attentive, especially the head barman Joel, who was extremely friendly, cheerful and helpful. The whole atmosphere was excellent, in fact we have stayed in many hotels over the years and we rate this as one of our top selections. The design of the bedroom made a nice change from the normal traditional style you get from other hotels.Breakfast was calm, relaxing and the food was most enjoyable, again the staff were very friendly and helpful.It was unfortunate that we were unable to stay another night I only hope that one day we will be able to return for a longer stay.We will certainly be recommending this hotel to all our friends and family.I would like to think that the staff get the chance to read this review, as I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their service.	
May 29 2006	Big dissapointment	I have always admired the concept of the Hempel so I was excited to experience the product on site. Upon arrival at 4 pm our room was not ready which upset me a little but I was told it should be ready in 20 minutes. In the meantime I was offered coffee which I gladly accepted. Then they charged me 5 punds for the coffee - it put me off! Then to the room - it had a nice layout with a stair and lovely but small bathroom. However it was in major need of repair. The interior is so worn and tired and it's not acceptable for a 5 star property which charges such high rates. The service level at reception was below acceptable - language problems was apparent and frustrating. The staff was unwilling to help. At one occassion we asked to use the phone at the front desk for a local call to the hotel we stayed in the previous night in London where we had forgotten som items behind. Front desk reluctantly passed over the phone and told us make it short.Breakfast service was sleepy and not very impressive. A minimalist buffet with not much options.Verdict+ good concept from the beginning but decayed after Anoushka Hempel has left the building.- Rude staff- worn property- Mobile A/c unit which was noisy and extremely ugly - cheap	
May 18 2006 	Let's not go overboard...	I stayed here for one night at the end of a business trip to London.The hotel looks like any other terrace house from the outside but once you walk in you realise that it's a very zen place, the foyer is very cool and leaves quite an impact. However, the staff were not overly attentive in checking me in and out of the hotel and were not overly friendly either. I would normally expect to be at least asked whether I enjoyed my stay and a simple &quot;goodbye&quot; would of been a nice touch!My room was very quiet and deocorated in the minimalist style in keeping with the hotel concept, but I am afraid they haven't pulled it off that well, because it sort of looked a bit cheap. The creeky wooden floorboards had been painted white. The bathroom was quite small and really didn't feel like I was getting value for money. The hotel is well situated in the West of London, and easily accessible to Heathrow Airport. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station, from where you can catch the Heathrow Express train service. While I can't say I had a bad stay, I don't think I received value for money and would choose to stay elsewhere next time.	
May 11 2006	excellent	incredible experience, excellent service, best food	
May 10 2006	thought it was fantastic and the service a step up	i was so impressed with the recent face lift. the service was of international standard.	
May 3 2006 	oasis of cool	Hempel is definately my favourite hotel in town. I have been there 3 times by now and will definately return. Some say that the hotel business is primarily about service - how very right they are. I have never had a request to the staff which wouldnt be met quickly and, not the least important - with style. Last time I was absent minded enough to forget my homekeys and the passport in my room and noticed it only on my way to airport. The staff reacted to my phonecall with what I could only describe as speed of light - I received everything in Gatwick and made it to my flight. They notice details and care about you. And that is a rare thing these days. I wouldnt even mention the property and design - the minimalist masterpiece by Anouska is something of the league of its own.	
May 2 2006 	The Zen of the Hempel	I stayed at the Hempel for four nights on a business trip, and I thought it was superb. As the taxi pulled up to the doorway, it looked like an ordinary row of Georgian terraced houses. But looks are deceiving! The lobby, which is a study in cream, has many intimate little seating areas, and it was a great place to meet up with colleagues. The black-clad desk staff were efficient and pleasant. My room which was very large, had pristene stone floors. I had a comfortable sofa opposite an ample bank of closets, with a built-in TV, stereo receiver and cd player. The bed, which was fabulously comfortable, was in a smallish adjacent room, which had a generous window, which I could open to get a little breeze.The large bathroom, which had plenty of shelf space for all my stuff, plus some small drawers, which I used to keep things of sight. The bathtub was very large and had a regular shower head, as well as a hand-held. It was set into a two foot wide black granite shelf, which was perfect for sitting upon and giving my tired feet a warm soak. There were many thick white bath towels, replenished twice daily and a white terry robe with a pair of beige espadrilles. And on the frosted glass windowsill was a lovely potted orchid with a small puck sized light over it. Zen.Breakfast was served in the lower-level Thai restaurant, reached by descending an extraordinary glass slab staircase. The breakfast was good and cooked to order, served by a vey pleasant waiter.One afternoon, I took a little stroll to the hotel's private garden across the street, which is very well-manicured and, dareI say it, zen!. Suddenly a waiter appeared with a tray of champagne flutes, and offered me one. I accepted and enjoyed it as I contemplated the garden. I believe I had unwittingly crashed a wedding reception, but was the first &quot;guest&quot; so no harm done. I thanked the waiter and left!I booked though a corporate travel agent, so I got a deep discount on my room, which I believe added little to the enjoyment! It's a little walk to the bus stop or the tube and it's not very far from Paddington station. But the area is very quiet, and the walls don't seem to tranmit sounds.I'd happily stay here again.	
Apr 11 2006 	A Real 5 Star	Arrived late on a Sunday night when normally the service in some hotels is slow....but not at the Hempel,in fact it was the best service I have had in all my travels.Matthew the manager was so accommadating,nothing was a problem,food, cocktails and service second to none.They even made me porridge the following morning which was not on the menu.I did think £70 for a transfer to Gatwick was a tad expensive on Monday afternoon.	
Apr 3 2006	Loved it	Beautiful hotel &amp; friendly attentive staff. We stayed for one night &amp; I had an amazing massage in the room. The food in the restaurant was very tasty but pricey, the breakfast spread could have been better (pastries looked a bit tired) but my husband very much enjoyed a cooked breakfast. We heard that management of the hotel have changed recently and will be increasing the amount of colour which will bring the decor up to date &amp; make it even more stunning.	
Mar 21 2006 	The Weakest Link	Sad to find out that there is no Skysports channels in the AV system of the hotel!!	
Mar 8 2006 	a beautiful oasis of calm in central London - loved it	I spent a night at The Hempel whilst on business in London recently and can safely say it was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in in the capital - and to date that has been more than a few! Stunning white decoration, fantastic service and a wonderful meal in the Asian fusion restaurant all added up to a truly excellent experience.	
Mar 6 2006	What a weekend!	We thoroughly enjoyed our weekend at the Hempel and loved the hotel. The food, ambience and whole experience was great and the hotel's staff made us feel very comfortable and 'at home.' The food in I-Thai was very tasty and there was a great vibe on a Saturday night.We can't wait to return!	
Mar 3 2006	Not a 5* Hotel	We stayed at the Hempel for 3 nights in a superior bedroom. We felt comfortable in the Hotel but for the price i have some complaints:1. The shower/tub is standing exactly in front of a window. You cannot see through 3/4 of the glas but cannot conceal the top quater. At the other side of the courtyard is a higher building so people can watch you showering - females, watch out, they can see your upper body!2. The fittings and the interior in the bathroom is 3* at most.3. Some of the (many)lights in the room and in the aisle did not work.4. The air-condition was too loud and you could not regulate the temperature but the presetting was ok most of the time.4. The multi-media equipment is poor for a 5* hotel but it is not a 5*-hotel so....But as we spend most of our time in town and not in the room, it was not a major problem - and yes, there is a CD-player but no CD's.I liked the hall, the restaurant/ breakfast room, the colores, the space in the room and the overall design.Some of the staff seemed semi-skilled but was helpful.The Hotel is worth maybe 150 to 180€ per night and room, not more.But anyway, we enjoyed the stay and London very much but because of the overall cost/performance ratio we will not come again.	
Jan 23 2006 	OK but not fantastic	We stayed at the Hempel on a Saturday night having booked a studio appartment on a discounted offer. On arrival as there were no studio apartments available we were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment. For the price we were paying this was great but if we had been paying full price we would have been very disappointed. The first impression was great but small things such as the mould around the bath, the rusty shower rail and the standard of facilities in the kitchen area were very poor. Depite a 2pm check in time our room was not ready until nearly 3pm. Do not order a sandwich, they are a rip off at £10 for tinned tuna and cheap packet bread. We didn't try the restaurant so can't comment. We are going back to stay in a deluxe room in February so I look forward to comparing the experience!	
Dec 24 2005	Disappointed	On arrival at the Hempel, the reception area was extremely impressive, with it's sunken seating areas and candle glowing, white walled minimalistic environment. Our room was a suite / appartment located directly across the road (with kitchen). Inside it was exceptionally clean, with nice white robes and a large bed with crisp white sheets. So why where we disappointed. Because we booked a 5 star experience and received a 3 star clean tidy hotel. A tiny bathroom, with over the bath shower (great for 3 star but not 5 star luxury). Music was offered from a £30 old fashioned music centre i kid you not (music moguls stay here???), the TV a basic small cheap wall mounted plasma, two wicker chairs and a table - that was it. The famous bar downstairs: flat, no atmosphere, basic and boring. The barman was however super friendly (a bass guitarist) - thanks. We decided not to eat there in I-Thai, so can't comment.	
Dec 15 2005	Dissapointing	Very impressive welcome area and lounges gave way to dissapointment with the room and particularly the bathroom. The sink did not drain and the shower was useless. The evening meal was poor and overpriced with long delays between courses and there was a concentration on presentation of the dish rather than giving value for money and quality of taste.	
Nov 5 2005	the Hempel - promises more than delivers	Decided to take a last minute one night break and booked a room via a lastminute site for £200 per night.First impresions were excellent, the reception area has a great wow factor and spotlessly clean. There were lots of staff milling around....(the hotel is boasting a 3 staff to each guest ratio)...we just wer'nt sure what they were all doing including the new owner and general manager who all avoided eye contact or greetings.On entering our bedroom the first impression was good, but then we realised some of the designer lights were not working and there was heavy dust around the wardrobes and the struts of the 4 poster. The bathroom had a very heavy door with 2 marble steps down into the room, the bottom one wasn't as wide as the top one - these are a bit tricky to negotiate at night, especially without contact lenses!For a designer hotel the bath was tiny and poorly designed - you have to climb into the bath to close the bath plug. I was also dissapointed the tub wasn't large enough for two as there was plenty of room for a wider bath in the room. The water pressure however, was great so showering was a real joy.On our way down to dinner in their iThai restaurant we reported the broken lights, a chipped beer glass in the minibar and not being able to get the turner to play music... but no effort was made to replace the bulbs, or glass. Why have 3 staff to every guest if simple things like bulb replacement doesn't happen?. The tuner only works if you have CDs with you....so remember to take your own!!!Cocktails in the bar before dinner were great, unusual blends and very tasty, though at nearly £10 each we did expect a few nibbles to accompany them. A non smoking section would have been better rather than having to take our drinks to the opposite end of the lobby to another seating area where no one else was to avoid the smoke.Dinner in the restauant was dissapointing, enviroment was stunning, lit by tea lights, not very busy and plenty of room between tables. However, my request for rare beef was ignored (it came well done)- when I asked for the meal to be recooked they left my partners behind so he had finished his before I even started mine. The Restaurant Manager although present (again along with the new owner) made no effort to acknowledge the mistake and our waiter apologised by laughing at his mistake. When the bill arrived no acknowledgment was made of the mistake and they even added a service charge!! We asked for the restaurant Manager, who by that time had left, but the waiter did take the main course and the service off the bill. On check out, all the above was again mentioned to reception, who merely said she would tell her manager! All in all, the place looks great, has the wow factor but needs to get it's service level sorted. With so many modern contemporary hotels in London...I think we'll try a smaller establishment where service is at the top of their list....and give the Hemple a miss next time!	
Oct 28 2005 	Form over function	In September 05 I spent 4 days at the Hemple. The interior design is not user-friendly, more for show than comfort and utility, with the exception of the lobby and bar, which are lovely and functional and set a very modern tone accented with charming, warm crackling fires. The staff is very polite, young and friendly. The bowl of fruit was a nice touch, but replacing used dishes would have been appreciated.The room was at the end of a poorly lit hallway (style and light bulbs burned out both contributing factors), overlooking a modest garden. It was cold and boxy, totally white on white. I was told by staff how lucky I was to get this room, but after only a few hours sleep I was awakened by constant furniture moving above me. (There are no rugs on the floors.) Later that evening I inquired about the morning disturbance and was advised there was a conference room situated directly above my bedroom! A scheduled conference &quot;set up&quot; had started very early, followed by the conference of seemingly never ending, moving chairs. The staff then volunteered that no further conferences were booked before my date of departure. (I thought this must be the lucky part!)It was a task and a half to figure out the room lighting, particularly in the bathroom where dim was the style night and day, if the window shade was closed for privacy. For women it is near impossible to apply makeup and I assume men would have challenges shaving safely at the poorly lit mirror. There were no washclothes the first two days, hair on the floor from the previous guest, and the medicine cabinet had a broken door with some glass broken in the corner. In both the bath and bedroom, the minimalist darkening shades meant having light (without privacy) in the day or no light from outside. As for the tub, one could not bathe or shower easily without flooding the floor.The second day, room keys would not work for some rooms. After finally reentering my room, two lively fellows checked in next door unaware that the hotel's lack of accoustical design would enhance the sounds of partying all night. The metal double doors between our rooms did not block sound well. As a result, while the beds are very, very comfortable, there was little or no rest to be had. In spite of mentioning my disappointment politely to the front desk, there was never an offer of a discount or a room change. Rather, I was told it was unfortunate...it was one of the best rooms... the problems were troubling to hear...I was lucky to get that room...they were surprised. I choose not to be so lucky in the future by crossing this overpriced and uncomfortable hotel off my list. While the structure may be well suited for magazine spreads about highly stylized rooms, modernizing and finding alternative uses for old mansions, and the like, The Hemple's guest rooms as built and decorated are not very user-friendly and are definitely not worth the price. These are things the consistently kind and charming staff cannot fix.	
Sep 2 2005	don't bother		
Jul 27 2005	Not what was expected over rated.		
May 3 2005 	Oh my!		
Apr 17 2005	Not really that special!		
Apr 11 2005	So disappointed		
Mar 17 2005	White is the Colour Minimalism is the Game We like to Charge you a lot and Hempel is the Name		
Mar 19 2004	Interesting Minimalism - but a bit shabby		
Oct 6 2003	Shocker!!!		
Sep 4 2003	The best of the best!		
Aug 24 2003	Sureal		
Apr 13 2009 	Sympa mais pas au niveau		
Feb 5 2009 	Plus que moyen		
Jan 8 2009	Hôtell ravissant à conseiller		
Jan 1 2008 	Indigne de son standing		
Dec 29 2007	Tolles Designhotel mit Altersspuren		
Dec 16 2007	Design au prix fort		
Aug 15 2006	Bel hôtel mais qui a un peu vielli		
