Nov 11 2009 	We were scared about the reviews	After reading some reviews we were worried about where we had been booked by our travel agent. However, even though the room was small and the halls were narrow, we were satisfied with our room. Small, neat. clean,bathroom ok and pleasant staff. So for those who were complaining ..not sure which room you were in but ours was fine,	
Oct 26 2009 	Come and see- a journey into Dante's 7th circle of hell	In my 51 years on this planet i have been fortunate to stay in many hotels - some fantastic,some terrible the majority somewhere in between,but this hotel,boy oh boy,this is the worst one ever,it is a hotel stripped of any humanity,a hotel just stripped to the bare bones a bed a room,but don't accept the &quot;what do you expect for that amount of money&quot; argument i have stayed in cheaper in london and some of them have been a bit ropey and to be honest i don't like much the bland chain hotels so often end up in fawltyesque joints that at least have a bit of character - there ain't no character here !don't bother complaining because none of the east europeans who work here give a flying fig if you r happy or not.A lot of the people staying here were foreigners on holiday to london and it made me feel ashamed to be british to see them all being ripped off and treated so brutishly.Brreakfast (!) was the bare legal minimum that could be provided and still be described as such.To sum up filthy,soulless,noisy,ugly,cold,brutal,uncomfortable,depressing.AVOID!	
Sep 14 2009 	Appalling place - don't touch with a bargepole!	Suspicions were raised on entering - threadbare carpets, shabby decor and chipped counter. I was asked to pay up front and though i had stated on my booking that i had a teenager with me and asked for information about rates i was told I had to pay the full rate for her. One lift had scraps of old carpet and rubbish in it, the other slash marks, smelt of alcohol and seemed to have bloodstains (seriously!). The carpets are completely worn through in parts, the corridors are dirty, tatty and smelly. When we got to the room none of the furniture, curtains, bedspread or anything matched and looked to have been purchased 20 years ago as a job lot. Oh and the toilet leaked so there was water all over the bathroom floor. This was a stay in London for my birthday and I cried. This place is DREADFUL and should be removed from any booking list.	
Aug 15 2009	It was great!	Must say that me and my friend were a little intimidated by all the reviews, we had booked before we read any of them. And good thing we didn't read! I can't believe so many have had such bad experiences, because we faced hardly any problems during our stay.Okay true that it could use a minor update (especially the carpets) but we didn't mind that at all.As we were checking in we encountered one of the most helpful and nice receptionists ever (long brown hair, piercing in nose, very smiley) who provided us with lots of info and tips throughout our stay. As we headed up to our room we noticed that one of the two elevators was broken, but it had been fixed already the same night. So no problems there.Our room was situated on the 2nd floor, the window facing Cromwell Road, which is a very busy street even in nighttime. Once closed, the window blocked out surprisingly much of the noise, but I'd still recommend to bring a pair of earplugs. Pop them in your ears and you'll sleep like a baby through the remaining traffic sounds.The room itself was very basic, but provided us with all that we needed; Two single beds (as we had requested) comfortable, neatly made, clean sheets &amp; fairly comfy pillows, enough table- and closet space and a clean bathroom. We both had large suitcases and placing them open on the floor called for a little puzzling, but we managed fine.As mentioned, our bathroom was great, nothing nasty bout it. Sink and tub were both clean, towels and soaps were changed every time, the shower worked just fine (not too cold or too hot) and had good waterpressure. Even our toilet was scrubbed every time!Now, you need to pay attetion when closing your door. Especially if you leave your window open, and try closing the door too hard, it'll just pop right open again. So close with care, and double check, and you'll be just fine. The key needs to be left at the reception, but you get this &quot;room ID-card&quot; that you'll need to show every time you retrieve your key.I can't comment neither the restaurant nor the breakfast, since we ate out every day.And I would have wished for the rooms to be equipped with a fridge and a safe, but again, that's just me. And you'll be fine off without them as well.For the location; it was fabulous! Close to two tube stations, museums, Harrods, Hyde Park, eating, pubs...you name it!And the big Sainsburys (open 24 hrs during weekdays) was a nice plus as well.So me and my friend absolutely recommend the Majestic to all those travelling on a budget and aren't too picky :)	
Jul 21 2009 	when hell is preferable	i am never going back to this place. the best you can say about it is that the location is good. we were travelling with three kids and even though we had put in a request to get rooms placed next to each other when we booked in january, we were lucky to get two on the same floor. one of two elevators broke on our second day and it was still out of order when we left five days later. We also came back to find that the staff had been in the room and forgot to close the door. the floor in the room was so crooked that if you left a pen on the desk it imediatedly rolled to the floor. the place might have been nice once back in the 50's but these days it would be best just to put it out of its misery!!!	
Jul 19 2009 	bad bad bad	Stay away never stayed in a pit as bad as this.You would be cleaner and safer sleeping on a park bench	
Jun 11 2009 	Burn it to the ground!!!	Woredown ugly carpets, creaking floor on the edge of caving in totallySmall, no double beds available instead you get 2 separate beds. And you don't get a blanket either. Just a some dirty sheets. One day when we came back to the hotel we found that the door to our room was left open and noone was there. The maid had forgotten to close the door... You can't drink the water in the bathroom. Rude staff... And don't even get me started on the &quot;Genuine Italian Restuarant&quot; located inside the hotel.. It was the worst meal I ever had in my life. The first time I just couldn't eat at a restaurant. The food was so disgusting and bland..and it smelled weird. And at those prices!! With 20 % extra for &quot;service&quot;.. And the breakfast was really bad too. Just some croassaints (spelling?) with different types of pre-packed jam. The first morning when I came down I was like: Where is all the food????I also got some fleebites staying at this hotel. So now I'm sitting here at home terrified that I have brought the flees home!!!!!!!! There are so much more I could say about this lousy excuse for a hotel but I feel so depressed just thinking about what were supposed to be me and my boyfriends romantic one week vacation.....	
Jun 11 2009	A grotty hellhole that should be pulled down	Even in Ireland, Kensington is well-known as the most affluent, sophisticated part of London, so you would have thought a 2 star hotel here would be of similar standard to a three star elsewhere. What we booked into would have been comic if it wasn't so dire. A disgusting carpet, combined with flaking, mold-encrusted walls created an atmosphere reminiscent of both the corridor scene in The Shining and the set of That 70's Show. The rooms were basic and served their purpose, with the most polite thing to say being that we spent as little time in them as possible. We couldn't wait to book out, and generally, the place looks about 30 years overdue a makeover.	
May 21 2009 	Watch out for this place	I took my daughter here instead of having her go on her senior trip to Mexico. We checked in and were told that the hotel was having an electrical problem , we were put on a bus to a youth hostel in Notting Hill, The room had a PAD LOCK and long 30 year old FILTHY orange SHAG carpet, beds with the springs showing. The bedding was so dirty and the smell was horrible that we never once put our stuff down. Immediately checked out and went to beg for a room at the Radisson. Hotels in London are often sold out and the Radisson across from Harrods in Knightsbridge only had one night of the available, we need three I was so upset the people at the desk there sent us to the Radisson Edwardian in Covent Garden and we told them what happened and they gave us one of their best rooms. It cost me two hotel rooms as the Majestic did not refund my money for three nights.DONT EVER GO THERE!	
Apr 22 2009	Not again	The hotel room was extremely small, bed was not comfortable with coir mattress. Aesthetic beauty was completely missing from the room. Breakfast totally sucked! Only stayed there for less price and good location, it's quite near to the nearest metro station.	
Apr 18 2009	So-so	Actually, it wasn't that bad. I'm surprised to see all the negative reviews on here. It wasn't great, but it was ok. The room me and my friend stayed in was very clean. It was tiny, hot as if you were living in the desert and the shower was cold (though with the hot rooms, this wasn't a big problem), but it was never dirty. You're right about that the breakfast sucked and the lobby and the outside did look derelict and in need of a restoration, but i thought it was charming. But maybe that's just me, i've got a thing for derelict houses. Anyway i was very surprised to see the &quot;Don't drink the water&quot; sign on a hotel and it lowered the standard quite a bit for me. Well they could have a happier staff i guess. But the location and the area it was in was awesome and i don't mind a five minutes walk to the underground at all. Still, it was my first and my last visit and the next time i go, i will find a better hotel.	
Jan 9 2009 	Disappointed by Majestic Hotel - "Majestic" is a euphemism!!	I am sorry for not being able to recommend the Majestic Hotel without serious hesitation. I stayed there for 3 nights, together with several colleagues during a conference at the nearby Natural History Museum. Overall, the rooms and corridors are in a fairly derelict, shabby state – the hotel really needs some major, general refurbishment.However, the most annoying and disturbing aspect of my stay was my experience with the hotel management. The receptionist asked me to pay the entire amount due upon check-in with my credit card. After check-in by mid-day, I realized that the shower in my room (# 113) did not yield any warm water (in January!), but its use resulted in flooding the bathroom. I tried again the next morning, and so did my room mate (an old friend, attending the same conference) – despite letting the water run for several minutes, it remained less than lukewarm. I reported it to Reception, who said that they would send in their maintenance staff. When trying again the next morning, the water was still cold. I returned to the receptionist, who said that the maintenance staff member had inspected the shower and not found any fault, but that they would look at it again. On day 3 and when checking out, I reiterated to the receptionist that the problems with the shower had prevailed throughout my stay, and that I would expect some form of discount or partial refund. The receptionist said that she had no means of refunding me anything since the payment had been made, but that I should talk to the hotel manager who was bound to arrive an hour later. Indeed, I waited for the manager. He left me with an impression of arrogance and dishonesty (in contrast, I would characterize the 2 ladies staffing the reception as friendly, but helpless). He refused to give his full name other than “Alex”. He started off by disputing that there had been any problem with my shower in the first place, since he trusted his maintenance staff member – when I asked him to go to the room together with me to convince himself that the shower was not working properly, he refused. He said that he was not willing to issue me any partial refund since “the bill was closed”, but when I insisted, he hinted that I might get a discount during a future stay at his hotel – however, when I requested a written statement confirming this, he refused and said that it would be enough to remind him of me. I then suggested that he should give this discount to my friend who had been my room mate and who was staying still longer – which he also refused. Also, he was very reluctant even to issue me a receipt for my stay. Overall, very dodgy and unfriendly.In conclusion, you should seriously reconsider whether you want to market this hotel – I would probably withdraw it from your website’s selection of hotels since it might damage your agency’s reputation.	
Jan 2 2009 	Well we got there.....	Finally got there after about an hour of getting lost, only to see a very unhappy couple in front of us... didn't think much of the reception. Anyway when we finally got to the receptionist (who was a right moody cow) she told us there was something wrong with our room and also the other couples room, so she rang for a taxi for us to go to another hotel, she even told us it was better than The Majestic! Its was, when we finally got to the other hotel they knew nothing about us, so after a looooooooong time and alot of ringing the majestic back up and having 'words' 3 hours later we were in our much posher hotel, where we will stay again! So dont bother with the majestic.	
Dec 4 2008 	Why all the terrible feedback?	We had a great stay here, a really positive surprise after reading all the bad reviews on here. Sure, it could use a coat of paint and some new carpets in the hallways, but what do you expect when you book one of the cheapest hotels in London? All the staff were very polite and helpful, the rooms and beds were clean and tidy and the location was great. I highly recommend this hotel if you just need a simple place to stay, a comfortable bed, and aren't too picky.	
Dec 1 2008	Fell short on so many levels	For starters, the staff could hardly speak any English, at least we couldn't understand them. They were also just interested in taking your money at the first opportunity in case you thought twice about staying there and wanted to run to the hills! The rooms were beyond crap. We found a cockroach in one of the rooms, so quite frankly the department of sanitation is turning a blind eye! Further, the water in the room took ages to heat up, and if it did you couldn't regulate it, i.e. you had to shower either with: (i) boiling water; or (ii) freezing water! Also, of course, the 'lovely' continental breakfast consisted of an option of cold coffee or cold tea, accompanied by stiff croissants!! As you can imagine, there is more to be said, but nevertheless we can guarantee that if you stay in the majestic hotel, it will, without a doubt, be an unforgettable experience.	
Oct 12 2008 	avoid	one of the worst hotels i have stayed in ,it is in need of a complete refurbishment the paintwork is dirty everywhere the room is the most basic you could find,we paid extra for the worst full english breakfast i have had the pleasure to eat when i asked for toast i was just told no,the hotel staff wasn't helpful at all not recommended	
Sep 26 2008 	Yuckkk	Stayed here for 2 nights with 3 friends. We all were in one room with 4 single beds bit of a squash. On arrival the staff were quite rude and hardly spoke english. Went downstairs to use to toilet and what a shock we got, the lift is probably not legal and the hallway downstairs was disgusting, dirt everywhere. Toilets were a horrible baby pink colour looked like it hadnt be updated since it opened. Hallways were creaky and smelly. Noisy neighbours. No shower curtain, shower went from hot to cold all of the time. Everytime you lease hotel you need to hand key in, when collecting key when coming back no ID needs to be shown so anyone could walk into your room.Only good thing about this hotel is its location which is 5 mins walk to tube station which takes 5 mins to get into centre london(oxford circus). Sainsburys next door is good for a late night feast after a good night out in london. But i would not recommend this hotel i would pay a litttle bit more and stay somewhere nicer and maybe walking distance to oxford street.	
Sep 15 2008 	"Snot" so majestic	It was foul, no other words for it. the door didnt lock properly. Two of my friends and i were sharing the room so i had to roll my temporary cot in front of the door just so we could feel somewhat safe at night. there was snot on the walls next to my friends bed, the sheets were dirty and there were people playing football in the halls at night. When we called reception nobody answered, we called multiple times and never got an answer. When leaving the hotel you had to leave your key at the reception but when collecting it you were not asked for ID so anyone could have gotten into your room. the bathroom floor tiles were cracked and caused a hazard, a sign said do not drink the water and the shower was always cold. the cleaning staff obviouslycant tell dirt from the general state of the hotel because of the snot they left on the walls and the fact that they decided to move the contents of the bin not to the dumpsters as one would expect but into MY bag. Another member of our group, who was sharing a different room had a melted pile of jelly babies stuffed beside her bed and the toilet in that room was broken and causing alot of noise. When the staff were alerted to this they made us feel like we were pretentious little princesses for wanting a working toilet. The staff on reception were not very helpful and often quite rude. All in all i would suggest anywhere else. Nothing is worth the filth we met in this disgrace.	
Sep 8 2008 	Disgusting	I have never stayed in such an awful place in my whole life. i joined this website just to warn people about this hotel. they obviously dont care what people think of it because they put no money into the place. even as we approached the hotel when walking down the street the building looked in awful condition. i immeadiately thoought what have i let myself in for. the walls need a lot of work, the floors need new carpets, they need proper new locks on the doors, one push and the door opens, they do not answer the phone in reception. i tried to ring them 3 times when there were people playing football in the narrow hallways and no phone was answered. there was snot on the walls next to one of the beds, it was disgusting. the tiles in the bathroom floor were all broken, and so dangerous. there was no fan in the bathroom so it was quite mouldy. we had a triple room and my other 2 friends had a double and their toilet wasnt working and was leaking. the shower was cold. when u leave the room u must leave the key in reception but they dont check any ID when you collect the key in the evening so anyone can walk to the desk. get your key and go into your room. i will never stay there again and i would never recommend it to anybody!!	
Aug 6 2008 	Never ever again	The Majestic Hotel was terrible,I m thinking when the last time people from hygiene inspection was there?too dirty,i even found hair in food,no ventilation,everywhere dusts, a disaster,i ll never recomend that hotel to anyone!	
Jul 8 2008	Don't Drink the Water	My roommate and I both had springs sticking through the mattress of our single beds. Taped to the wall of the bathroom was a sign that said &quot;Don't drink the water,&quot; which I saw as I was already brushing my teeth. The carpet is worn, the floors are uneven, the hallways narrow--the place feels like a firetrap. It did appear fairly clean. It is in a great location &amp; about a 5-7 minute walk to the subway. I would definitely upgrade &amp; pay a little more for better accommodations the next time. There is nothing majestic about this hotel.	
Jul 3 2008 	It was perfect!!	I recently stayed at the Majestic Hotel and loved it. I read a lot of negative reviews about this hotel after I already reserved, and I must admit that I was a bit scared. However, I must say that I had a wonderful experience. The staff was very friendly and the location is great! Granted the hotel is in need of minor updates, but that did not bother me in the slightest bit. The room was clean and large enough to fit all my needs. The restroom was also very clean. I must admit that I have no idea why so many people have written so many negative things about this hotel. I really enjoyed my stay here and I would suggest it to my friends. If you are someone that wants to have a clean room, friendly staff, and a nice place to lay your head after seeing the town, then this hotel is perfect for you. However, if you are someone that wants all the extras, in a hotel, and plan on living in the hotel the entire time you visit London, then perhaps you should book your stay somewhere else. Again...I truly enjoyed my stay at this hotel.	
Apr 23 2008 	Nothing majestic about it	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during a European vacation a while ago. It was disgusting. Awful. I don't even understand how they are still in business. Everything about the hotel was dirty and unclean. The rooms are hot with no source of ventilation. The bathrooms were gross and tiny. I literally walked into the room and started crying, it was that bad. We spent the rest of the day looking for another hotel, but unfortunately during the height of tourist season, we couldn't find anything in our price range. Next time, I'll definitely loosen the purse strings a little more and get something nicer.The location isn't that great - there is a tube station, but it's quite a walk down a very busy street to get there. There is a grocery store next door to the hotel - that was a godsend, because we were able to get our breakfasts and such there. The restaurants in the area are lacking. The staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. They hardly acknowledged us enough to give us our key. Unless you're a 16 year old on your first trip to Europe and are more concerned with getting drunk and being rowdy without your parents, do yourself a favor and find a different hotel.	
Mar 19 2008	Ewwwwwwwwww!!!	I spent 2 nights at the Majestic Hotel, only because the hotel I booked with my 50 classmates burned down. When I first walked into my hotel room, which I shared with three other girls, the first thing I noticed was the heavy smell of cigarette smoke. The walls were bare, but caked with dirt and uneven gobs of paint, which are peeling off the walls. The four beds, I guess you could call them cots, but that's an overstatement, took up all the roomspace and I noticed the room is probably 10 feet by 15 feet. On the beds, there is a cover as thin as the top layer of skin on my finger. A chaperone advised us to take that off, because it looked dirty. Under that was a wool blanket, mine with food crumbs stuck in it. Under that was a sheet, which i also stripped off the bed because, can you believe it? There was a pee stain. So that night I slept on the raw matress, which probably wasn't a good idea, but it was better than the bed i was given. I was scared of what i might find with the pillow so I used my coat. The bathrooms had signs in them that said &quot;Do Not Drink Water!&quot; on them, and my bathroom lights didn't work. One of my classmates said their room didn't even have a door on the shower. Our shower had mold on the handle. The hotel's technician did not know how to fix the lights, so he returned with a friend, who looked rather sketchy with his hands behind his back so we turned him away. We weren't allowed to step on the floor without shoes because it smelled like throw up, as someone probably did. There was no central light, but reading lamps on the wall above the 4 beds. Mine was swinging upside down falling off the wall. Breakfast there was disgusting. I didn't dare try dinner, if they have dinner. I only have one more word to mention: Bugs. If you are thinking about staying at the Majestic, don't do it.	
Mar 19 2008	Terrible- Stay AWAY	This is by far the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Dirty, smelly, terrible service. The hotel should be demolished.	
Feb 26 2008	Great Location	Stayed at the Majestic for 4 days during a school trip. Rooms need refurbishing and updating, but water in the shower was very hot and the heaters were always on, which was good since the weather was really cold. Personally I never had breakfast at the hotel (there are a couple of Starbucks nearby), but most of my students did and say it was awful. Staff very kind and helpful. Location is what makes this hotel special. Only 6 stops from the West End by tube, Harrods and the Museums just around the corner and the big Sainsburys next to the building was open 24/7 , which was the last resort to those students who wanted to grab a bite or a drink late at night.All in all, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to families with children or elderly people for its very basic facilities, but It's OK for students or young couples who can make up for this lack of facilities more easily.	
Dec 7 2007 	Gross Gross Gross!!!!!	Wow....this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life. We are a young couple, with average expecations...we can handle slumming it, but geeze, this place was terrible. Our bed was literally a mattress on the floor, the blue carpets in the hallways were so worn out that they have huge gaps in them. Paint was coming off the walls everywhere. The rooms are TINY, in your washroom, there are signs saying not to drink the tap water (who would anyway? The faucets were covered in grime), there are also posting everywhere saying that we shouldn't leave any valuables in the room because the hotel will not be held responsible for stolen items (so we jsut kept the do not disturb sign on our door all week and refused maid service)...the front desk staff were so dumb -I asked where the West End/Theatre district was and they said they didn't know. The also told us the nearest place you could get internet acces was a 5 minute walk away at Earls Court -when there was an internet cafe a few doors down. Every time you leave the hotel, you have to hand in your room key. One night, we (we're a young couple) came home and there was an older man behind the desk and he wouldn't let us go up to our room because he said that there was only 1 person registered to stay in our room, and he was really rude about it too. I argued and told him that I had made the booking myself for 2 people, he argued back, then I looked noticed that the booking he was looking at was for a completely different room...he apologized, but still...very rude. Don't stay here, seriously. We stayed 5 nights, and pre paid so were were stuck. The location isn't even that great. It's a 5 minute walk to the tube station, and about an hour walk to the centre of town...you can do better.	
Jun 16 2007	what a dump	What an aweful stay. The place is run down and dirty. There were holes in the walls, and the staff was rude. It was in a great area of town, but I would never stay at the place again. The tried to charge for phone calls that we did not make and upon arrival they gave us the keys to someone elses room. Beware!	
Jun 10 2007 	Beware of the double/twin room option!	When I booked the room, it showed the double/twin room rate as being the same. When I booked the hotel, I found a cheaper price, but please beware! We came in late from a 4 day stay in Scotland at 11pm, tired &amp; ready for bed, but the room had 2 twins in it. I went back downstairs and the guy at the desk, who didnt' speak English very well, said there was nothing he could do, that there were no rooms with a double and said I should be happy that I have a room. This man set a very poor tone. Of ccourse the manager doesn't come in until 9:30am and we were off at 6am for train ride to Bath and back after the manager would already have left for the day. I spoke to another owman at the desk who seemed perturbed and said there was nothing she could do. the blonde at the desk was the most sympathetic and I at least felt tlike she agreed and felt bad for us. My husband and I were not very pleased. The only possible plus is that the blonde at the desk said that the double bed room is much smaller and with our 3 big bags, I'm thinking that may have been even worse. The towels were also rough, and of course there is hardly any water pressure, but that's to be expected in both England &amp; at the lower room rate. Good room for friends though - one of the lower priced hotels I could find - close to a grocer, so that was nice too.	
Jun 9 2007 	It will do.	Staff not very friendly at first, but they ended up being helpful. The rooms are actually a decent size for London, but not very clean. There was water dripping really loud on our window through the whole stay. Annoying. It was loud overall, and we were in the middle...not on the street. Good points: location. About a five minute walk to the tube and there's a grocery store on the same block. Overall, pretty run-down, but a decent value for the location.	
Mar 29 2007 	not so bad !	We were afraid to stay there after reading the reviews here... but we had no problem in this hotel, the room and bathroom were clean, the quite friendly... the whole building looked old and in need of being renewed, but it's not so important... we stayed only 2 nights... for any short stay I would recommend it !	
Jan 24 2007	a dirty hole	unfortunately we booked and prepaid 2 weeks in this hole. the room was 8 ft by 10 ft this was considered a double everything in the hotel and room was threadbare. the heat was on constantly the only relief was opening a window which could not be left open to far because of the pigieons. all in all suitable only for backpackers. whoever rated this at three stars certainly has low standards or else they recieved a better room. all in all not a hotel that should be associated with a reputable travel agents web site. oh i forgot to mention the surly staffdoug victoria canada	
Dec 22 2006 	DONT DO IT!	Dirty, cheap accomodation. Not recommended. We left after 2 days - they practically expected us to leave - they are used to people not staying for the lenght they booked.	
Nov 25 2006 	Do not stay here	Overall, this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in London. My friend and I stayed here for one night after arriving in London. We didn't want to spend a lot of money, because we only needed the hotel overnight as a place to crash before continuing on to Paris the next day. We learned a valuable lesson in that you get exactly what you pay for. The room smelled, the lighting was dim, the bedspreads and the blankets were filthy and the beds were totally uncomfortable. The bathroom was disgusting. I was afraid to touch ANYTHING in the room. Not only was our room terrible, but the entire hotel was shabby. In the hallway to our room, there was actuall an area of the floor that was caving in. Also, the door did not have a very good lock.	
Sep 12 2006 	Majestic? Hardly.	It would seem that those place chosing names like 'Majestic' 'Splendid' etc. are to be avoided. I remember a band in the 0's called Fabulous. Under one of their stickers, someone had written &quot;Aren't&quot;. Well, the Majestic just &quot;Isn't&quot;.I telephoned to confirm my booking and was told I would be moved to another hotel. I told the bookings manager there was NO WAY I was moving, that I had chosen the hotel for it's proximity to Earl's Court, so when I arrived I was given a twin room, not the double I had booked. When I asked why I was told it was a &quot;perfectly good, very nice room&quot; - something I'd have to dispute anyway. The receptionist was just downright ill mannered, her colleague in tears after a recent encounter with the manager. The room was depressing. Institutional colour scheme, tatty furniture, horrid little bathroom, hair in my bed. I could go on. I travel extensively all over Europe and I can safely say that this is possibly THE single worst hotel I have stayed in.AVOID!	
Sep 1 2006 	Small not squeeky clean but basically had what I wanted.	First, you should know that I don't care much for luxuries, all I want is a clean room, a clean bed, and my own clean bathroom. As long as I have that, I'm happy. When I'm on vacation I don't plan on staying in my hotelroom a lot, except to get some sleep and take a nice hot shower. I stayed here during Easter Weekend with a friend of mine. I only looked for reviews AFTER I booked my stay on Hotels, not the smartest thing to do I know, but hey, it had been a while since I actually went traveling abroad. Anyway, after having read the reviews here on tripadvisor, I was feeling reluctant to stay at this hotel. But it would've cost me a penalty fee to cancel the reservation and we would only stay there for 2 nights, we figured we would go ahead and see what would happen.Upon arrival, the exterior gave me a slight sense of dread, seeing how the walls were stained and had small cracks here and there. Entering the lobby you felt the much talked about heat hitting you in the face, although it wasn't as bad as I thought it would've been, having read the reviews. Yes, you do tend to sweat because of the heat, but it doesn't feel like some sort of desert dry heat or something. Another thing that caught my attention is the way the lobby looked, which hadn't exactly aged with grace, but again, it wasn't enough to scare the heck out of me.After having left our luggage in a small, simple locked room (we couldn't check in yet, since we arrived 10 AM) we went to do some exploring in London and upon returning around 8 PM, we finally saw our room. And yes, it was quite small, large enough to place our small travelbags on the floor, leaving enough room to walk to the bathroom back and forth without stumbling over our things, but don't expect to place down large duffel bags or suitcases easily. There was a closet for us to hang some clothes in. It didn't look very sturdy, and it only had about 2 or 3 hangers in it, but this too was okay. The carpet was quite worn in certain places, the drapes were dusty and had dark stains and were even torn here and there. The beds were okay, large enough for a grown man (I'm about 1.78 metres or 5 feet and 10 inches I believe?), leaving about 25 cm/10 inch of space between the bed end and my feet.. I did feel the springs in my back, but not something that kept me from me sleeping. They also looked quite clean, no strange stains or hair from other guests were found for that matter *chuckle*. What did kept me from getting a good nights rest was the traffic outside, since the window only had a single pane of glass, traffic noise isn't kept out very well. And because it was so warm too in our room, my friend wanted to keep the window open...I could've lived with the heat, but the traffic is just a sleep killer and it doesn't really stop at all during the night.The bathroom was quite good actually, there was a shower/bath, a large counter to put our toiletries on with a decent sink. and a toilet that worked the way it should, no complaints really. Except that on the last night we didn't have any hot water anymore. Actually, I was still able to take a decent shower, but my friend had to try and shower with cold water. Yes, she cursed and scowled pretty much the rest of that evening at me.All in all, it didn't turn out into the weekend from Hell for me, as for my friend, well, she does care about certain things more than me. Anyway, like I said, I don't expect and need a lot from a hotelroom. As long it's clean, with a clean bed and has a private bathroom I'm happy. The &quot;clean room&quot; bit scores about 6 out of 10 as far as I'm concerned. The bed was good enough to sleep in, no bugs seen. And the bathroom except for the cold water was up to my expectations. My friend on the other hand complained pretty much about everything, the heat, the carpet, the drapes, the cold water, the &quot;hard&quot; beds the noise. If you're like me, you'll probably do fine here, except for during the summer, with the central heating and all. And you might want to ask for a room not looking out on the street because of the noise, but other then that, you should be fine. Want something better, well, the Marriot is just across the street, for 4-5 times the price we paid here.	
Mar 11 2006	One word: DISGUSTING	This is not a hotel. It is a pit.I booked 3-nights. Upon arrival I was shown the most miserable room I've ever come across. Dirty and stained. I couldn't even imagine sitting on the bed, let alone sleeping on it. There were 2 guys patching something when I opened the door. Just walking to the room, based on the hallway and lobby I knew it would be bad.I bailed to a i-inet cafe down the street and booked the Country Inn and Suites across the street, which was pleasant. Majestic took my money, no refund.I don't usually take time to write reviews, but I felt it necessary to warn people in this case. City officials should condemn this place.	
Jan 25 2005	Forget It!		
Nov 7 2004	Ugh. You get what you pay for...and in London your $ doesn't go far...		
Sep 24 2004	Best Hotel In London - I will be Back		
Jun 24 2004	Absolutely Disgusting		
Jun 10 2004	No thanks never again		
Jun 9 2004	The Majestic is Seedy		
Mar 21 2004	Don't Go!!		
Feb 24 2004	Unbelievable		
Dec 4 2003	Basic but I'd stay there again		
Aug 20 2003	Cheap 		
Nov 24 2009 	No seamos exigentes		
Nov 22 2009 	Man spart definitiv an der falschen Stelle!!!		
Oct 17 2009 	Sehr schlecht NIEMANDEM zu empfehlen!!!		
Sep 30 2009 	Desastroso		
Sep 18 2009 	me daria vergüenza recomendar este hotel		
Sep 6 2009 	asqueroso		
Aug 5 2009 	Hotel no recomendable		
Aug 5 2009 	De majestuoso poco		
Jul 31 2009 	Nul		
Jul 5 2009	Play Majestic!!		
Jun 15 2009 	Völlig ausreichend		
Jun 2 2009	juste pour dormir!		
May 23 2009	Enttäuschend		
Apr 1 2009	si sopravvive		
Mar 30 2009 	orribile		
Jan 29 2009 	bueno no es un palacio precisamente		
Dec 30 2008 	Séjour sympathique en couple		
Oct 14 2008	Hôtel simple		
Oct 6 2008 	Buen hotel estupenda calidad precio		
Sep 4 2008 	Sconsiglatisimo		
Jul 30 2008 	hotel correcto		
May 6 2008	Décevant hôtel!!!!!!		
Apr 6 2008 	horror		
Apr 1 2008	esperienza x niente bella		
Nov 17 2007 	Nicht zu empfehlen		
Aug 5 2007	Hotel sucio y viejo aunque céntrico y con baño		
Dec 3 2006 	Peu recommandable		
Oct 3 2006	Sicuramente decente..per me ok!		
Sep 26 2006	buon budget hotel		
