Sep 1 2009 	Better than expected	From reading previous reviews we were in 2 minds about booking this hotel, however we were very pleased that we chose to do so! We arrived earlier than the specified check-in time but received a warm welcome and were able to check in early. The overall presentation of the hotel is excellent, somewhat dated in certain areas but to be expected in such a historic building. The room was a good size, well presented and very clean. The service we received from the staff was excellent and the breakfast was well worth the money. The only draw back with this hotel is its distance from the tube station and from the centre of London. The website states that it is a 10-15 minute walk to the nearest tube but it is far more than that through an area that isn't particularly nice. We chose to drive to the station and leave our car in one of the many side streets (no fee or permits required on a weekend or bank holiday). Its then 11 stops to Leicester Square so a bit of a trek into the centre of the city. That being said, we believe that the quality of the hotel was worth it and would definitely stay at this hotel again and have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Really welcoming	I was a little unsure about staying here based on reviews I read before, but I was attending a wedding at the hotel.I have to say it was struly wonderful. Check-in was speedy, room was really nice, had lots of character. The barman always had a smile and really knew his stuff.Breakfast was really quick, even though the hotel was full.Will definately look to book other hotels in the group.	
Aug 24 2009 	Once again very disappointed by Handpicked...	This is now the 4th time I have stayed in a Handpicked hotel, and it will definitely be the last. I have stayed in the Woodhall Hotel in Leeds, part of the Handpicked range, which is without a doubt one of the best hotels, if not the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It's such a shame the quality of service in Woodhall has not been extended to the rest of the chain. I'm afraid Handpicked seems to have expanded too quickly, and totally lost focus on quality of service. They seem to be just churning out new hotels, which looks glossy on the outside meaning they can charge sky high prices, but completely lack basic levels of service. I recently stayed in Rookery Hall, in Nantwich, which was extremely disappointing, and I'm afraid to say Hendon Hall was much the same. The issue is always service, and getting basics right. It's ok having a fancy wine list at £8 a glass, but if you can't even manage basic things like check in, don't open a hotel chain. Check in was shockingly poor. It was busy, and I don't mind that, but we stood in a queue on the right handside, only to be called over to another desk on the left by a member of staff. What proceeded was a shambles. We handed over a credit card and signed the check in card, only for the member of staff to wander off somewhere with our card, and start ordering a taxi for another guest! After keying in the details, he then advised he wasn't able to complete our check in, as he didn't have correct access. So we ended up queuing again. Our room which was nearly £120 a night, was no better than the average Travelodge, and not the usual high spec interior I expect from Handpicked. We ordered drinks to the room, and surprise surprise, they didn't arrive, so we ended up going down to the bar ourselves. In fairness the breakfast buffet was very good quality, and far better than the shambles at Rookery Hall which saw me wait over an hour for a breakfast order, only for raw boiled eggs to arrive. All in all, the hotel just looks like a rush job re-furbishment, and is no way a 4 star. Another gripe was not being able to park onsite, as local residents are clearly using it to park in. Hanpicked, please, please, take a serious look at yourselves, and get the basics right, before more people like me, stop using you in droves.	
Aug 7 2009 	NEVER A 4* HOTEL!	A complete disappointment. Room small, bathroom dirty, Staff unreliable with exception of one receptionist who did try her best to sort out our complaints. Waited 1 hour for breakfast, poached eggs like rubber bullets, had to complain numerous times. No staff to wait table, others complining likewise. Bar staff ellusive. Kitchen staff could be seen smoking outside, not a good sign. Would not return or recommend unless greatly improved. Moved onto Har &amp; Hounds a 3* hotel near Tetbury, Gloucestershire, Stunning!!	
Jul 21 2009 	Very disappointing	I reserved an executive room, we arrived fairly late, approx. 11pm. The room was very dusty, the mattress and valance were smaller than the base of the bed, the quilt was larger than the quilt cover, which had no fastenings at the bottom, therefore the quilt hung out the bottom of the cover. The bathroom was very small and did not appear to be very clean, so much so we didn’t bath or shower in the morning. The TV is fixed to the wall, on a fixed arm, only able to watch it standing up!We were woken at 8am by the gardeners cutting the hedges just outside our room.Breakfast took over 40 minutes to arrive and they were not busy. Ended up only being 3 people in the restaurant by the time our breakfast arrived, 40 minutes wait for under-cooked pancakes and 2 rashers of bacon and 2 broken fried eggs, really didn’t seem worth it.	
Jul 12 2009	Hotel - historic peaceful setting	Arrived at Hendon Hall a little earlier than book in time (3.00pm) which seemed to be a problem. Receptionist less than welcoming however a room was available. The room was very comfortable though the aircon was rather noisy. At reception we were given inaccurate information re Middlsex University that it was 5 mins on foot - this was completely wrong and we took a taxi. Breakfast was plenty and enjoyable though simple scrambled eggs and bacon took quite a while to arrive. The hotel is a lovely historic house with character and in a peaceful setting.	
Jun 17 2009 	Attractive hotel that disapointingly over promised and under delivered.	We booked this hotel on the back of using a different hotel owned by the same operator (Hand Picked Hotels - Nutfield Prior). Our many experiences at Nutfield Prioy have always been excellent and I can't recommend this particular hotel highly enough, however Hendon Hall was a complete disappointment. The room was basic, the bed was the smallest double bed that I have ever slept in, the water kept running cold so a shower/bath was off the menu. At breakfast time there weren't enough staff servicing or working in the kitchen as we had to wait around 50 minutes for a full English, repeatedly ask for the normal breakfast wants, tea, coffee, toast, cutlery and condiments, breakfast was very very poor. Our stay was so bad I was going to complain when checking out with a view of not paying...but in a typically English way I smiled, said nothing and paid the bill. If the room was £50 I wouldn't feel the need to complain but balancing the cost against the experience I would never stay at another Hand Picked Hotel again other than Nutfield Priory.	
May 21 2009 	Good value outer London hotel	We stayed here for a weekend to coincide with a reception. The hotel is in a very attractive building that was once home to the actor David Garrick. Rooms are comfortable and well equipped (decent coffee, free mineral water and free wi-fi) and were excellent value at £95 B&amp;B for two. We had dinner in the restaurant, which was also very good, though the bar while comfortable is a bit soulless. The hotel was fine for our purposes, but it is a fair trek from central London, and a mile from the nearest tube, so I doubt it is really the London base it makes out. However, as a self-contained break or for a reception - there is a separate building for receptions - it is very good.	
May 11 2009 	perfect for the occasion!	stayed at hendon hall with my 2 bridesmaids the night before my wedding. we stayed in one of their suites which was lovely and perfect for the occasion. the hotel put an extra bed in the suite for my 2nd bridesmaid and did everything they could to help us. nothing was too much trouble. we ordered room service and many jugs of water which was very prompt and had breakfast brought up to our room. bed was comfortable and the bath and shower was amazing. perfect for our occasion and great location for the church	
Jan 3 2009	Great looking venue - unhelpful staff	We loved the look of this venue for our wedding as soon as we saw it. The wedding co-ordinator does not work weekends and so we visited a couple of times on our own and was told to contact the co-ordinator during the week. That was easier said than done! She was impossible to get hold of - either on the phone, had the morning off, was stuck in traffic or just away from her desk. There was nobody else that could answer our questions or help. Emailing was no better - was told she was too busy to respond to emails!Five weeks after first viewing the venue we finally received a contract which was full of errors. We finally managed to arrange a time and date the wedding co-ordinator was free so we could actually meet and discuss the contract in person and when we arrived for our meeting was told she was off sick that day! Once again there was nobody else available to help or answer any questions. It did not occur to anybody else at the hotel that they should call and cancel as the co-ordinator was not in that day.We finally managed to book an alternative venue where the all the staff were polite and helpful and the wedding co-ordnator was great!	
Jan 1 2009 	Lovely hotel	We booked a one night dinner bed and breakfast Sunday night offer in a classis double room for a treat on our way home after a weekend in London. This hotel is part of the Hand picked group and the quality of refurb and service is excellent as are at its other hotels.Everything went very well check in, check out, dinner etc. The room was well appointed and met our exacting standards.The restaurant service was first rate and the quality of food superb. One small niggle was that they did not have a Dinner Table d'hote menu for the offer but did give a generous £30 per head allowance of the a la carte. We will use this hotel again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Ok but not as good as I had hoped	My wife and I stayed in this hotel as we were attending a party a Alexandra Palace and this seemed one of the closest. We got an Autumn deal which included a free bottle of wine and breakfast included which was good value. The initial view of the hotel is very impressive and it has lots of character.On arrival we were given our room key but no wine. The receptionist had no record of our booking and said she would arrange for some wine to be sent up. This arrived about 45mins later. The room itself was much smaller than I had expected and looked nothing like the images on the hotel's website ( i guess I would have to be very naive to expect that). To give you an example of the small size, if someone wanted to come in the room they would have to stand in a small gap between the wall and the wardrobe until the door closed. This was because the gap between the opened door and the wardrobe must have been about 30cms at best.My wife then ran a bath and was just about to get in when she realised the hot tap was not hot and the bath was freezing. We called reception and someone came up and fixed the problem, albeit seeming intially sceptical that we were telling the truth. They provided 2 glasses of champagne which was a nice touch.As mentioned in a previous review, the tv had a very poor picture quality which I could not fix. Some channels were ok but others were barely watchable.Good points were that the bed was nice and comfortable and the room was warm. We did get a good nights sleep which is the important thing. Breakfast was ok but I would not pay £15 for a fry-up or a bacon sandwich.Overall I would say Hendon Hall is ok for a short stay but no longer. I would say this is no better than a 3*, with improvements it could be a lot better. If I had to stay in this area again I would save my money and stay in the nearest travelodge or holiday inn - at least you know what you are getting.	
Oct 23 2008 	Could have been lovely	I was pretty open minded about staying here after reading some of the reviews on here so I was unsure what to expect.When i arrived the receptionist was frosty at best and I was given my key, instructed to make a booking for dinner and told where the lift was. At no stage was I told where the restaurant or any other facilities were nor was I offered any help with my bags, even though I was obviously a little over laden!I trekked to the lift and was pretty impressed by the decor and feel of the hotel. My room was on the 4th floor and simple to find once I got out of the lift.I was reasonably impressed with the bedroom, it wasn't huge but it was light and looked and smelled clean. The bathroom decor was a little tired but again, it was clean.There was no information pack in my room so I was at a little bit of a loss to know what the hotel could offer me so I decided to head downstairs, investigate and possibly make use of the bar. When I got downstairs there was indeed a bar, but it was not staffed. After waiting for a while there was still nobody around to serve me so I left. I headed over to the restaurant area to have a look at the dinner menu, which looked nice but not what I wanted on a busness trip and wandered back up to my room.I had to re-tune the TV as the picture was awful and was missing a few channels but eventually had a pleasant evening of room service (good food and speedy service) and TV.Breakfast the next morning was slow but the staff were reasonably friendly. The choice was reasonable but the portions of the cooked breakfast weren't huge.Checkout was reasonably speedy after the receptionist got off the phone but again, it wasn't overly friendly.Overall it was a good location for my purposes but the service was lacking a great deal and the lack of any information or even something simple like a well tuned TV left me feeling a little ripped off for the price. However it was clean and has the potential to be a fabulous hotel, it needs some work though!	
Sep 29 2008 	Old nice hotel	An old style hotel, nice, in a location far from the center of the town.Clean, good rooms, good breakfast, good if you have to stay in London for business without the necessity of goind downtown often.	
Sep 23 2008 	Good foundation needs more work and effort	Have stayed at this hotel a few times now and the most recently was because of some work we were having done on the house that meant no water/ food.My wife and I also got married at this hotel last year so we have some fond memories of the place.Pros: Boutique impression, lovely building, nice garden, good reception areas for weddings, well designed and reasonably well furnished public areasCons: I got a price from laterooms for an exec room but for peace of mind, and ease, phoned up their reception to see if they would match the price to save me the effort. They said that they couldn’t as the system price was what they had to go by, so despite laterooms taking a %commission from processing my booking, they still wouldn’t take it by phone – surely the hotel must be losing revenues by this policy?Upon arrival, I was checked in by the same member of staff who originally showed us around the hotel when we were looking for a wedding venue. We were impressed by this particular individual 2 years ago other staff that we met and they were one of the reasons we chose the hotel. Despite the check in process being painfully slow, for which the member of staff apologises, and even remembered me from our wedding, I was still given the smallest executive room ever seen (shame they couldn’t have tried to get me a better quality of room given the amount of business they’ve had through us, even more frustrating as they weren’t full).The room was small; tired; worn out; stained carpets with a mini-bar with nothing in it (how annoying); old looking furniture rather than old style furniture; lights not working in the cupboards; small, old TV with poor reception on 1 and 5 and some channels didn’t even display. The bathroom had chipped and broken tiles; dirty grout; dead flies in the lights; dysfunctional switches and sockets on the walls for no reason and a chipped/ broken toilet seat. For what I paid, this really was outrageous as a room.On the first night I had room service and whilst arriving reasonably quickly, the food was very average. The same can be said for the 2nd day lunch and dinner that I had in the lounge/ bedroom and breakfast on the 3rd day was sub-standard – small portions and not particularly well cooked. The food here has never been as good as it reads on the menu which is surprising given how truly expensive it is – a panini costs about £8.00, burger about £13.00.There’s not much to do in the hotel other than sit in the lounge, restaurant or room and it’s a shame they can’t redevelop the old garage (next to the Pembroke Suite and car park) in to a fitness centre/ pool. Finally from the outside the building needs a good lick of paint – the front of the house is well looked after (used in many promo shots) but the window sills at the back and side are grey with wethering and the paint Is flaking off. The outside is as tired as parts of the inside. Overall, I have much affection for this hotel and it has the makings of a nice local boutique hotel that could also do a reasonable restaurant trade if its food was less expensive and better – as a local I often drive past but having eaten there a number of times it wouldn’t be my first port of call. I do really hope that some time and money is spent on improving the interior and turning this from an overpriced average hotel to a well priced experience.	
Jul 8 2008 	bit of a mix	The building was beautiful (even though the online photo was a little misleading), the rooms lovely and the bed very comfortable. Unfortunately, the service left much to be desired: neither the receptionist nor the waiters were as polite as they really should have been (the waiters at times ignoring those guests who clearly needed service or having to be asked multiple times to bring food or drink), while the breakfast was delivered at a snail's pace. While there was a sense that this severe delay was not the normal state of affairs, nothing was done to rectify it.	
Jul 7 2008 	bit of a let down	Double exec room was extremely small. No mini bars in rooms, no pianist playing at dinner (as promised in description), no expanse of gardens at front of hotel as per internet picture (it's now a car park). No hot water in room sink. Smokers outside our bedroom window so couldn't open windows for smoke and noise of people talking on mobile phones. Breakfast was very poor quality. Most of staff very friendly. There was a group of men drinking in the bar one evening (non residents) who were friends of a member of staff. They were so loud that we couldn't hear ourselves talk and had to move to the foyer to eat our bar meal as language was vulgar and offensive. Hotel was very clean. Bar area was very dreary. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to any friends or family nor would I stay here again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great overnight stay	Lovely Hotel, nice area, very friendly staff. We had an excellent dinner &amp; breakfast with great service at both. Really good to have free parking. Our room was very nice, everything worked and was clean. The food &amp; drinks are a bit pricey, but not unusally so for a hotel!	
