Oct 21 2009 	Good hotel in outer London	This is a nice little hotel in a residential neighborhood in the suburb of Ealing. Since it was made by combining several row houses, it has an eccentric layout and the rooms have shared toilets and bathrooms. However, my room did have its own sink. I stayed there because I had a friend living in the neighborhood, but this could make a low priced base for touring the city. It only cost me 33 GBP per night and was only a 7 minute walk from the Ealing Tube Station. The place is staffed 24/7 with a live in manager who took care of everything--fixing breakfast to cleaning rooms. She was very helpful and friendly. If you are willing to travel on the Tube each day, this may make a nice, quiet place to stay for your visit in London.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good value for money	The Grange Lodge Hotel is essentially good value for little money. But don't expect too much for so little money.Location is at one end of Central line, it takes 30-45 min travel from the centre of London. Not ideal but could be far worse.Rooms are relatively spacious, and reasonably quiet. Thin walls. Showers very small and not very clean. My partner didn't like the smell.Breakfast excellent (full english), very helpful staff.Free Wireless Internet!Recommended if you are on a budget, but if you are demanding, spend more.	
Aug 7 2009 	Full English breakfast on far west end of London within walking distance of Underground	We stayed in a small room on the top floor. We were told the room would be small, and it was, but it was fine because we weren't going to spend much time in the room besides sleeping. The room had its own bathroom and shower, a closet to hang clothes, and a desk with a small TV on it. The TV didn't get great reception and there was no fan or air conditioning for the heat in July but it was fine because we opened up the sky light and the bathroom window to let air circulate in.The room rates were a bargain, especially since you get a full English breakfast. The Underground was about 5 blocks away, so within walking distance. There was a bus stop 1 block away if someone wanted to ride the bus to the Underground. There was free WiFi available too. The staff was very friendly and willing to help with any questions about the hotel or London we had. It was a nice value and was on the outskirts of London so it did take time to get to the tourist attractions. Not a bad value, just be willing to jump on the Underground a wait a bit to get to the sites. It's worth it though if you get a nice breakfast!	
Feb 25 2009 	Wonderful experience true England in one small hotel!	The value you get for price in this hotel is really great. This hotel is very cosy, the building itself is charming, true English style. The rooms are rather spacious, the in-room shower may be a bit small, but if you are a tiny person, it's gonna be ok. As far as I noticed, the shower rooms in the corridor are more roomy. The interior of the rooms is just fine to meet the demands of the traveller: bed, armchair, table, wardrobe. There are cups and small teakettle in the room, as well as tea and coffee. The TV has about 5 channels, just ok for getting recent news. The breakfast is very good, it is basically full English breakfast - corn flakes, eggs, ham, sausage, beans, tea/coffe, juice. The staff is very helpful and friendly, especially Sarah, who really is a service-oriented person. The area where the hotel is located, Ealing, is quiet, but at the same time there are several nice shops, restaurants and pubs around. It is really close to the tube Ealling Broadway station, which is on the Central line, so you can rather quickly approach the center of the city. It's about 10 minutes walk from the hotel to the tube station.	
Sep 29 2008	Excellent value!	For the price, you cannot beat this hotel! As mentioned before, it's more of a big B &amp; B, but for 50 GBP per night for the two of us, it was excellent value.The breakfast was very good, although somewhat inconsistent. Some days there were tons of baked beans, some days about 5, only once did we have tomato, and often the orange juice had run out and we had a bit of a wait for replacement. But you know what? If you want the Ritz, go pay for it. The room was large, immaculately clean, looking out to the tiny garden. The shower situation has been sorted with 'boosters' installed to give a really good hammering (although they make a heck of a noise when operating). There was a lovely comfortable lounge to sit in next to the breakfast room, although we never used it as we were out all day. Very close to the station and on the central line, so it wasn't a schlepp to and from the city centre.My only complaint would be the receptionist, Natalie, who blew hot and cold the whole week we were there. Although I had notified them of our arrival time, late Sunday afternoon, her whole attitude when we arrived was one of us having disturbed her Sunday afternoon. She's an ex South African, but didn't raise a glimmer of a smile when I remarked on the South African cricket shirt she was wearing. When I asked where she came from and how long she had been there she reacted as if I was delving into her deepest darkest history. Looked very shocked at breakfast when I asked if we could have our morning coffee after we had eaten (gets cold if it is served before, and we like to drink it after). Then she'd be quite reasonable (I would never class her as very friendly) and warn me about the bus strike on for the day, which I appreciated. She was also very unhappy when I paid at the end of the week, and she asked for the 5 GBP for the load of washing she had done for us in cash. When I said I had spent all my pounds as we were on our way to Switzerland, she was very unhappy. She took the payment on my card, but it left a nasty taste in my mouth. I also felt her attitude towards non English speakers wasn't good, she got quite frustrated when she battled to communicate with them at breakfast time (she does all the cooking, and very well too, I have to give her that).However, we were not there for Natalie, and I would very much recommend this place for an incredibly reasonable place to stay. Don't let her get to you, you have very little to do with her anyway, and enjoy the convenience, cleanliness and comfort of this super place.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great location and hotel	Stayed at this fantastic new hotel for two nights. It's part of the Grange boutique hotels. It's been newly refurbished and upgraded because you can still smell the paint. Small reception hall and narrow hallways but the room we were given was huge with all comforts: plasma TV, hi tech shower, king bed, slippers, free newspapers and magazines and butter cookies. The view from the room was awesome. The staff is very friendly and helpful., The continental buffet breakfast very yummy with a wide selection of food. I am definitely going back next month.Highly recommended	
Jul 26 2007 	Cheap alternative	Needing to stay over following a gig, I stayed at the hotel on the night before the London stage of the Tour de France was to take place, hence with the influx of visitors all the usual cheap accommodation options in the capital were unavailable forcing me to a B and B in Ealing. It is at least close to the Tube.The Grange’s best asset is the girl who seems to run it – I can only assume this was the same person others have referred to. She was bright and cheery on signing in, and also when she took care of breakfast duties next morning.As for the accommodation, the word tired sums it up. I don’t imagine the place has been decorated in decades. It was not dirty and everything seemed to be working. It was also a quiet house. I had one of the en suite rooms but the communal facilities for anyone on a tighter budget looked adequate.Breakfast was equally jaded, but edible. It was served on a cold plate which is a negative feature for me.To sum up, this is ok @ £45 for one night, but Travelodge @ £26 for early bookers (no breakfast) represents rather better value.	
May 8 2007 	Just what I wanted	Can't possibly beat the price! A nice, quiet neighborhood but ridiculously close to train service for a quick ride into London. As a tourist traveling alone, I just needed someplace to sleep every night. Why spend the entire budget on accomodations? I chose a &quot;no frills&quot; room because that's what I wanted, but it was still comfortable and I didn't mind sharing a bathroom down the hall. I only met Rebecca, but she was wonderful, helpful, friendly and very attentive to everything guests wanted. I highly recommend the Grange Lodge Hotel and will stay there again on my next visit to London.	
Mar 20 2007 	Nice for the Price 	Stayed 3 nights in this little hotel....located in a residential neighborhood, but close to the tube and Ealing shops and eats....We paid $780 for 2 rooms for 3 nights....2 family rooms that would sleep 3 in each...the British breakfast, which is included was excellent as you had eggs, bacon, sausage, beans, toast and tea...also had juice and cereal. The Breakfast lady was wonderful....all of the staff were very helpful. Nothing fancy but the hotel was clean and we had no problems. The only thing is the showers are not very good....no pressure, but a bath is available across the hall if you can't get the shower to work for you. It is more like a B&amp;B so don't expect a regular hotel stay.Free Parking as we had a rental car.Overall it was a great stay!	
Nov 9 2009 	excellent accueil. Complet donc dirigée sur Abbey Lodge hotel		
