	Convenient for the O2	Stayed here just for one night with my Mother. Chose the hotel due to its proximity to the O2, where we were going to see the ATP tennis. Having witnessed the queues for the underground on the way out of the O2 we were SO glad that we had decided to stay nearby.The hotel is in the middle of a very busy road system and somewhat out of the way of most things - but it is only a short walk from the O2. Considering the busy road outside, I didn't hear any excess noise, and slept soundly. The hotel itself was clean and functional - the bar area was pleasant for a nightcap after returning from the O2. I believe they did serve bar food during the day but we didn't partake. The staff that we encountered were friendly enough and helpful. Nice night-time views across to the lights of the O2 and Canary Wharf.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good Hotel - Great for the 02 Arena	So, after about my 5th stay at this hotel I decided to write a review. First off the hotel is about a 20 minute casual walk from the 02 arena and the underground station and about a 10 min walk away there is also restaurants and a Sainsburys which is very useful. The hotel itself is very clean with courteous staff and the rooms are a decent size. The rooms have a nice shower and toilet,air conditioning,small tv,comfortable bed and a nice appearance with (depending on what room you get) some good views of London's Canary Wharf.The hotel also has a decent bar serving some reasonably priced drinks (for London prices). Sadly there is no room service or no english breakfast available but the continental breakfast is good and included in the price you pay for the room. The main selling point for this hotel though, in my opinion is for events at the 02 arena. Its the only hotel I know of within walking distance to the 02. Having attended many 02 gigs I know that using public transport after a gig is a nightmare....be it the tube,taxi or bus and to have a hotel you can simply walk to after an event without the stress of joining the public scrum for the tube or ridiculously long que for a taxi is fantastic.After a loud and frantic concert at the 02 I particularly enjoy coming back to the hotel bar for a nice beer and have always found their to be plenty of space with a relaxed atmosphere.So in a nutshell if you want a decent hotel within walking distance to the 02 then this one's for you.	
Oct 16 2009 	Express by Holiday Inn London Greenwich - everything you need	This hotel is clean, comfortable and really is the closest hotel to the O2. The windows next to the lift area all have a great view of the O2 which is within walking distance. My check-in was swift and the staff were very pleasant. The rooms are basic but really do have everything you need. I was served very quickly at the bar and my dinner arrived within minutes. Although the hotel doesn't do room service you do have the option of taking your dinner up to your room, which if you are travelling by yourself is a great option. The staff member who served me my dinner couldn't have been more helpful and rushed away to get me a tray when I told him I wanted to take it to my room. My dinner was simple but tasty and was perfect for what I was looking for. I had a good night's sleep in the comfy bed and helped myself to the continental breakfast the next morning. Check-out was again very efficient and the staff member I spoke to was very helpful in giving me directions to my next destination. All in all a really good stay.	
Oct 5 2009 	OK for a stop-over	A fine hotel with all the basic amenities, friendly and helpful staff, very clean and nothing to complain about. Except that £12 an hour (or £6, depending on whether you look at the screen or the board at the side of it) for use of a computer, is an insane rip-off, which is probably why nobody uses it. It should be free - a 100 per cent profit margin is pretty high.And if you don't have a car and want to slip out to the shops, forget it. You are nowhere near anywhere. Agreed the walking is good for you. The Chinese restaurant adjoining is superb, but a packet of crisps outside mealtimes is pretty well all you can get in the hotel. Ideal as a stop-over for mobile travellers, and the room rates are very reasonable. The continental breakfasts were pretty awful unless you like bricks for bread rolls.	
Sep 29 2009 	Quite good allround	This is not a bad hotel if you need to stay in this area or want somewhere convenient for central London but without the cost and hassle of actually being there. For example, you can park here and its outside the congestion charge zone yet the underground station is within walking distance. Rooms are small but neat and functional, breakfast is included and is fine - that alone saves time and money. The aircon wasn't there last time we stayed and is a terrific improvement. A clever bit of design gives you a decent bathroom with separate toilet. But the daft water-saving sink tap sprayed me all over. It did save water but only because I couldn't use it.I like the HIX formula, it suits me but there are some annoying niggles which I tell them about every time I fill in their stoopid questionnaire. For a start, no room safe. Then there are no facecloths, only pathetic paper things which are impossible to wash with. Typically you're only staying one night yet you have to remember to take your own flannel and then cart it around wet the next day. The toilet paper is dreadful and the bath towels are too small. And the internet is too damn expensive to use at £1 for 10 minutes.These problems would not cost much to put right and then I could award them a 'Very Good' instead of an 'Average'. Note to TA Admin - why is there no grade in between? This place really merits 'Good' - its better than 'Average' but not 'Very Good'.	
Sep 7 2009 	You know what to expect with HI Express	We have stayed at several HI Express hotels over the years and know what to expect. I needed to go to London at short notice and literally booked the room night before over the net. A room for 2 adults and 2 children with buffet breakfast. I got the confirmation email, printed it off and set off for London the next day.I checked in half an hour prior to official check in time. Parking is not included with this hotel; it’s an extra £5.00 for guests. There is a Chinese restaurant attached to the hotel and it was busy that Sunday afternoon when we arrived and just managed to get the one parking space, although a bit later on more spaces were available as the lunchtime rush was over.The hotel reception is on the first floor. You then notice a problem, the lift from the ground floor needs a key card to operate and we have yet to check in. We carried our cases up the flight of stairs but its not exactly disabled friendly.Check in was a breeze, I got a sticker for the car park at reception and they added the car park fee to the bill. The room as expected was almost identical to other HI Express rooms. Two beds, a tv that has not very good reception, a separate wc with a shower. The room was good enough to spend a few days in.The hotel is well located. A short stroll away from a complex that has a Sainsbury’s, a few restaurants and a cinema. You can walk to O2 and the North Greenwich station in 10-15 mins and you can even take a leisurely walk to Greenwich Observatory/Market rather easily by following the streets/path by the river.The buffet breakfast included with the price was very good. It’s a continental affair. The croissants were of a good standard; you get the Kellogg’s cereal boxes, coffee, and tea from a machine. It’s all self-service and you can also get a daily complimentary newspaper.Overall in a city where standard hotels are expensive; you get a good room, a good night sleep and good breakfast to start you off to the day.	
Aug 9 2009 	Very valuable hotel	This is a hotel I would recommend. The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was contintental but also very good. The rooms were clean and always tidy. It has a good location, it takes 15 min with tube to the city center. We very very satisfied and think it is worth the money.	
Jul 23 2009 	Cancelation rip-off and crap customer service!.	Booked a night for MJ concert in Jan 2010 by Express Inn web site and had to pay up front,after his demise,canceled room giving eight months notice,small print said a cancellation charge may apply but thought with the long notice would be minimal.Francouis at hotel said if you read some other small print if you cancel you recieve no refund at all even with eight months notice.O.K I said can you re-instate the booking and they refused meaning they can charge some other poor sod for a room which I have all ready paid them for.THIS IS A BLATANT RIP OFF-BE AWARE WHEN BOOKING!.	
Jul 21 2009 	Average Hotel in an ok location	Just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. Hotel is about a 15 min walk from North Greenwich Underground and same to the O2 arena. Check in was easy enough, staff not overly helpful. Had a room on the 3rd floor, the room was clean and comfortable which is all we needed. Beds were ok, towels wernt the best but overall the room was ok. Didnt have the breakfast so cant comment on that. I would stay here again if i was attending an event at the O2.	
Jul 19 2009 	I would't recommend it....	OK, where to start? I often stay in hotels in greenwich as I am over quite a few times and never had such a poor experience.Called on Sunday night and made the reservation, when l requested an email confirmation was told that I could not receive one unless l called back the following day. Even though l explained that l do not live in england and therefore can be tricky and expensive to call the response l received was more or less &quot;tough&quot;. No offer to take my email and arrange it for me the following day. The &quot;gentleman&quot; was not exactly helpful but it was late on a sunday night so I gve him the benefit of doubt.When checking in the reservation did not have my name correct so they could not allocate my reservation. I had been given the wrong reservation number even though l had repeated the number back to the chap l had spoken to. Eventually we were checked in.We had been out to the O2 for a lovely dinner and when we returned we decided to get a drink in the bar. We were told that the bar was closed even though the gentleman besides us had just been served. We explained that we were residents but still would not serve us However when walking away another person was served. Obviously friends of the barman. We'd have no objections if the bar was closed but that was very annoying.The room was basic, clean and to the point somewhere to lay our heads.I requested an iron and was told to &quot;come and collect it!&quot; I explained that l was just out of the shower but again the response was &quot;tough&quot;Staff were depressing and looked like they wanted to be anywhere else.Breakfast, not great at all!!Advise: avoid.	
Jun 14 2009 	A nice palce to stay.	Stayed here after the Russell Brand Gig at the O2. Easy to book on line and easy to book in once at the hotel. Easy parking at a low cost. Room was clean with an air con and heating unit. Spare blanket and pillows. Bathroom was sufficient and sparklingly clean. Considering the location the room was quiet.Breakfast was good and was in a relaxed environment. We didnt come across many staff but the ones we did were friendly.My only complaint is that Russell Brand didnt come back to the hotel with us!	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect for the O2	Stayed here for the Nickelback concert at the O2 (which was fabulous!). Smooth check in and convenient for a pre-show walk along the riverbank. It was lovely to walk to the O2 for dinner before the concert and the bonus was walking past all the people rushing for the tube and boat afterwards. It is about a 15 minute walk straight to the O2 or 20 minutes if you wander along the river. Really clean room, perfect for us as we were only there one night. It would have been a squeeze if we had the kids with us but manageable. Nice breakfast with all you can eat although the toaster was a bit hit and miss. Would certainly stay again for using the O2. Parking was good - £5 until 12pm the next day (which is check out time).	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel near to the O2 Arena	Stayed here for one night, when we went to the O2 Arena to see the Blue Man Group. We had a family room, for the two of us, with a double bed and a bed settee. The room was a bit small, but very clean. TV worked ok, and shower was clean and working well. The bed was a little soft, to what we are used to, but we slept well. We walked to the O2 Arena and it took exactly 20 minutes, and thats with the wife in the slower 'high heels' speed. The only moan would be, when we got back to the hotel, after the show, we went to the bar for a drink. The service was a bit slow, as the same person checking in new guests and answering the phone, was serving in the bar too. Breakfast was included in the total room price, which was £68.00 + £5.00 parking, and was a 'all you can eat' continental breakfast. There was a large choice of good food too. Overall, it was a great stay.	
May 19 2009 	clean hotel poor bed	This a modern Holiday Inn Express with smart reception and bar area. We were given a disabled access room on the 6th floor. So the room was spacious with large doors and a huge “wet room” shower room. Room décor was basic but clean and tidy. There was paid for internet access in the hotel lobby and paid for wireless sin the rooms. It was very expensive at about £5 per hour!Bed was only a standard double which was extremely squeaky!You also get breakfast included in the room cost which was the usual continental affair. No English fry up!There is reasonable parking at the hotel for £5 GBP per night. There is also a Chinese restaurant next to the hotel, an Odeon Imax cinema and numerous other restaurants near by.The O2 dome is about a 15 min walk away.	
Feb 24 2009 	Ideal for the 02	Booked this hotel at the last minute when we went to see The Killers at the 02 arena - we didn't know what to expect (we only paid £130 for a family room for two nights). Found the hotel to be idealy situated (about a 15 minute walk from the arena), the room was very clean and spacious. The bar was reasonably priced, but order a pint as a half wasn't much cheaper.One bad point was the traffic noise - so if you're a light sleeper take some ear plugs.Would stop at this hotel again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Ideal for a night if you need something walking distance to the O2 Arena	Stayed here for one night in Feb for the Strictly Live tour at the O2.Its a perfectly adequate hotel, a no frills hotel but its clean, rooms are fine, what you'd expect of a limited services hotel, theres Air Con in the rooms. The public areas are adequate, clean, bright and airy. Breakfast in the normal affair, no cooked breakfast. We didn't eat dinner in the hotel so can't comment on that. Note that the O2 looks closer than it is. I've seen 10mins quoted for the walk to the O2. At medium pace it took us 20 minutes walk so bear that in mind. That said that worked fine for us. We used the Thames Clipper to get to the O2 on Sat and back on Sunday to central London from the O2 pier which works really well, £5 each each way.Spent both days in the O2, good venue. There's a VUE cinema in the O2 which was good, there is also an ODEAN cinema close to the hotel. I'm sure you'd guess this anyway but the wait for seats at the food outlets in the O2 can be long. Parking at the Hotel does cost, but check with them for rates.If we need a hotel for our next visit to the O2 we would stay at the Holiday Inn Express again.	
Dec 21 2008 	Further out than we expected	I can only think of one reason to book this &quot;London&quot; hotel - if you are going to a concert at the 02 - it's the nearest hotel.The word &quot;nearest&quot; should be taken with a shovel full of salt. 10-15 minutes walk, some people say. More like 20 minutes and along very unpleasant urban roads. We took a cab from the Tube station to the hotel, another one back to the O2, a third one to get us back to the hotel for the night and a fourth one to return us to the Tube station in the morning. No we are not old nor disabled.The room was clean, of course, but small. The air-conditioning worked to turn the heat both up and down. No mini-bar but a kettle to make a cup of tea in the morning with one tea-bag each supplied. Basic, clean, standard, what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn Express together with some drunken guests to be avoided. IMO.	
Dec 7 2008	Great hotel for the 02	Have just got home after a night at the Holiday Inn-greenwich, great hotel very clean, helpful staff and great for the 02. You can walk in about ten to fifteen min's. Good breakfast plenty of choice and soon filled up when used would use again if coming to the 02 great	
Nov 24 2008 	Usual HIExpress standard	Usual HIExpress standard in rooms.Good view of the 02 from elevator platforms.Excellent independent Chinese Restaurant beneath the hotel (Could rival China Towns offerings).Excellent for walking to the 02 &amp; 2miles from Old GreenwichHad a problem with the v.soft Mattress (old prolapsed disc injury) but this was 'speedily' dealt with by Tony (Manager)Parking plentiful @ £5 overnight stayOverall would stay @ this hotel again	
Oct 23 2008 	Disappointing internal catering	Whilst the rooms are satisfactory our experiences in the bar/bistro were very disappointing and we could not recommend eating an evening meal in house especially when there is a very good Chinese restaurant on the ground floor. This would appear independently run from the hotel. We ate here on the 2nd night of our stay and enjoyed the meal.On the evening of our arrival quite late my wife and I decided to eat in house after a long drive to the hotel. We ordered at about 9.20pm and waited... and waited. Just after 10pm I enquired where our order was. What was brought to the table had obviously been standing for some considerable time and looked very unappetising. I had scampi - there were 5 very small dried up pieces of scampi on the plate with accompaniments. My wife's risotto looked like dried up mush and was obviously made with the wrong rice. I showed both dishes to the manager who did clear our bill. Not the first time we have had a poor dining experience at Holiday inn in the UK.We filled in the crit but have had no contact from the hotel in terms of follow up.	
Aug 30 2008 	Good Value	Just back from a two night stay at the Express Inn at Greenwich...great view of the Dome!The hotel is nice and clean, modern and stylish. We had a family room for myself and my hubby and two kids aged 6 and 8. Check in was a breeze, no probs there and staff courteous and friendly.The room itself was on the 5th floor and right next to the fire doors which on our first night banged repeatedly with people coming and going until about 2am. I am a very light sleeper so this was very annoying for me :-( Thankfully the second night the door was propped open - probably against fire regs, but hey ho I got a good sleep!I also found the storage space a little lacking for a family of 4, with no proper wardrobe as such, just a small rail with about 8 hangers.It was hard trying to move around the room once we had all our necessary gear in there! Our mattress was a bit saggy in the middle too, so we had that horrible 'roll' thing going on..Breakfast is fine, plenty of choice of cereal, fruit, yoghurts, croissants, pastries, fruit juices, toast, and the dining area is comfortable, stylish and plenty of room. The walk to the tube is fine during the day, but we didn't feel comfortable walking it back at night as it is feels pretty much deserted, so a little creepy- we jumped on the bus from the 02- one every 20 mins - and it practically drops you at the door.I chose this hotel because it has a car park (we had been travelling round for the week) and we didnt want to take the car into central London - plenty of parking spaces, even though we arrived at 4pm, and costs £5 a day so not too steep) I usually stay more in the centre of London as I like the buzz, but I would use this hotel again nevertheless.For an alternative way of getting into the centre of London, try the Express Clipper boat from the 02 pier...leaves every 20 mins. Takes about 45 mins to get to its final destination of Embankment pier ( there are many stop off points before this) but we really enjoyed this - only £12 for all 4 of us - cheaper than your usual boat cruise!	
Aug 29 2008 	A pleasing stay in Greenwich	What a nice surprise it was to arrive at this hotel and find that our bargain london booking was a modern and clean hotel not too far from central london. Our room had a view of the O2 dome and air con. The shower room was well laid out. The bed and sofa bed were comfy too. The continental breakfast was good. The hotel is a short walk from Greenwich tube station (which has disabled access). Parking for residents was £5 per night. We would use the hotel again if staying in london.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for one night in july for a wedding booked the day befor so the rate wasn't great.Got there a round 10 check inn wasn't till 3 but the room was ready so got to check inn early which was great.The room was clean and air congreat location over looking the O2, 5 min drive to greenwich town center/ greenwich park.would defo stay there again if going to the O2 for anything	
Jul 22 2008 	Close to O2 but could be better options closer to London for the same price.	Booked this hotel to on 10th June to see the REO show at the Indigo 2.The hotel was fine, typically good Express by Holiday Inn, but to be honest I wouldn't stay here again because, there is not much else around the hotel. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the O2. Given that the tube station is right next to the O2, I'd probably choose a hotel closer to central London next time.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good place to stay if you are visitng the O2	We stayed here as we had booked to see Leonard Cohen at the O2 through an agency and this was one of the hotels the agency offered. We chose this one as it was within walking distance of the O2 (a 15 minute easy direct walk through a pedestrian park).We have no real complaints about the hotel. We were given a room on the 6th floor and as I am claustrophobic and hate lifts, the receptionist did try hard to change it without success (almost all the other guests were going to see Leonard Cohen and most had already booked in!). We got the impression that the staff were helpful. The room itself was clean; the bathroom was clean and a reasonable size although the shower wasn't very powerful. There was air conditioning which we didn't need to use. Didn't try the sofa bed but the double bed was comfy. Breafast OK - but the croissants were stale! There was a lot of traffic noise - but worth putting up with for the convenient location. There is parking for hotel guests for £5.00 from check in till 12noon the following day. We didn't try the Chinese Restuarant - plenty of eating places at the O2. Finally - as another member has commented there is a strange smell in the area (not in the hotel itself) Never did identify it but it wasn't a problem.We would certainly stay in this hotel again should we attend another O2 event.	
Jul 15 2008 	Very close to the O2 arena	Stayed here for one night with wife and two children on our way to see King Tut at the O2 arena. It is very close to the arena easily within walking distance.Check-in was fine no problems but when we got to our room the pull-out had not been made up. When we phoned reception we were told that housekeeping were gone home and that anyway we had not told them that there were four of us. My wife politely pointed out that our booking was for four and that the card they had provided to us even stated this. The receptionist said he would come up himself and get us extra bedding and make up the bed for us. 15 minutes later everything was sorted. The bedroom was fine with a shower but no bath. Everything worked.A good nights sleep later, breakfast was the usual HI Express standard with no complaints.I would stay here again if I was attending the 02 again	
Jul 7 2008 	Clean yet Far from Downtown	Elderly Parents and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights as it has the most decent rate which suit for 3 in a room. 15 minutes walk from North Greenwch station, or you can take bus (Route 188 running 24h) or taxi. The walk don't seems to be far but be expect to smell something &quot;funny&quot; as some factory are closeby and it's their exhaust made the smell.Lobby is nicely decorated and room is clean. Bathroom is in generous size (compare to London standard). Double bed is decent, but the sofa bed is... well, terrible for sagging due to extended use. They have decent breakfast but no hot items (eg egg, ham) as the same provided for American HI Express.The chinese restuaurant on ground floor is extremely good yet a bit pricy.I would recommend this hotel if you are driving. If not, then you may have to account for an additional 6 pounds for daily round trip per head. (or you can Bus 188 to London, stop is 3 minutes from hotel, it's cheaper but the ride is 45 min minimum)	
Jun 25 2008 	Great hotel for O2	Booked back in January for Neil Diamond at the O2. Arrived at 2pm and rooms were available. Staff were very helpful when we then asked to change rooms. Our original had a connecting door for family situations. My past experience with this type of room means that there is no privacy.There is a gap under the doors and you may as well open it and invite your neighbours in! We were moved without fuss ,even though the hotel was fully booked. As as been said before, the O2 is a 15 minute level walk. Ok in good weather, so a taxi would be recommended if otherwise. This excellent hotel must derive a high percentage of its business from the O2. Perhaps a minibus service to the venue for a nominal fee would be very useful? Very good breakfast, good room, well done Holiday Inn, see you next time.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent hotel	Excellent hotel, staff very friendly and polite, rooms and reception very clean and well maintained , nothing too much trouble. Food excellent. Would definately return again. This was our first visit to London and came home very impressed with hotel.	
Jun 13 2008 	good for 02 arena	stayed here in january for spoce girls concert.hotel clean and reasonably quiet.best to leave car at hotel and walk to o2 arena parking there is 20 pounds.we came by tube a 15 minute walk and next to arena.if you dont like chinese food your best bet in the evening is at the o2 arane itself but be warned there is a long wait if theres an event on so eat early.we had to wait two hours for a table.hotel itself is reasonably good value by london standards and ideal if youre coming for a n event	
May 29 2008 	Value for money	Pleasant hotel, good clean rooms, plentiful breakfast choice, reasonably priced bar. Helpful staff. Good 10/15 minute walk from nearest station and o2 however large cinema complex with restaurants 2 minutes walk and lovely Chinese restaurant next door to hotel. Very reasonable for central London. Only minor issues - lifts very slow and one out of service entire duration of our stay. Room had air con which allowed temperature to be easily monitored unlike many other low cost hotels where one boils during the night!	
May 20 2008 	Second stay at the Holiday Inn Greenwichperfect for gigs at the 02	This is the second time I've stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Greenwich,and both times I've been very impressed. For a budget hotel (£68 per night including breakfast-booked online a couple of months before) standards are high.The rooms are well equipped ,air conditioned,modern and spotlessly clean. There's a lovely little bar and the breakfast area has been enlarged so there's now plenty of seating available.Breakfast itself was lovely,with a really good selection on offer.The staff were cheerful and helpful and it's absolutely perfect if you're off to a gig at the 02,it's just 15 mins walk from the 02 and N Greenwich tube.Best of all they still have rooms you can smoke in!	
Apr 27 2008 	perfectly fine!!	just back from this hotel, and I must say , compared to other &quot;better&quot; london hotels, (some dont even have ensuite!) this one held its own , the staff couldnt have done more , they even looked up internet and booked train tickets for us ,we had intended to get gatwick express to catch flight it would have cost nearly £50 , they got tickets for £17.40 , what a saving!! we were 2 adults 2 kids , they even filled kids water bottles with juice because weather was warm and we were about to walk to tut exhibit, my kids are 8 and 11 not babies and i really appreciated it, the rooms were clean cool . (air conditioning), shower fine, breakfast good and as much as you want , all around a nice clean family friendly hotel, we paid £180 for 2 nights and considering that this included breakfast for 4 , i consider it really good value	
Apr 19 2008 	Good value..... will go back again	Everything spot on..... would have given excellent rating, BUT.... lots of building work going on in new reception which we weren't informed of before hand, didnt cause to much trouble though. Good value (paid £80/night), good staff, good shower, good sleep, good basic breakfast, lots of parking,dome 15-20 mins walk.	
Apr 12 2008 	Nothing but problems	I stayed at the Greenwich Express Holiday Inn whilst attending my cousin's wedding. The wedding was excellent, but everything about the hotel was quite the opposite !There were refurbishments taking place at the time of my stay, so I guess the hotel wasn't running at peak efficiency. However, there was no reduction in the room rate for the inconvenience of having to use the service elevator to access the hotel floors, and the shoddy reception / bar / breakfast area. There was room in the breakfast area for about 20 people. Being a hotel that sleeps nearly 200, there was clearly going to be problems getting everyone seated for breakfast.We stayed in the hotel for two nights, and on the Saturday morning we were woken at 7.30am by a fire alarm, which was a false alarm. When we then woke up and tried to shower, we discovered that there was no hot water. This was between the hours of 8am and 10am in the morning. We weren't best pleased.All in all, it may have been that everything conspired against us during our stay, but I still think that this hotel is one of the worst I have stayed in. Avoid if at all possible.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great distance to O2 but over priced!	We stayed at The Hoilday Inn Greenwich in March when we went to see The Eagles at the O2. My husband is a big fan so we needed a hotel nearby. The hotel is a perfect distance away from the O2 about 15 minute walk. The check in was fine the staff are not english but efficient. We were given a voucher for two free drinks from the bar which was very welcomed.Unfortunately the room we were given was a smoking room on the 2nd floor, the smoking floor! We booked a non smoking room as we are both non smokers so the room and floor stunk of stale smoke which you could smell as soon as you got out of the lift! The whole room stunk even with the windows open! We asked for a non smoking room but there was none available. :-(The room itself was clean and tidy except for the smell! Breakfast next morning was a mix of healthy and not so healthy! cereal, toast and fruit juice and danish pastries, jam doughnuts and croissants. A vast selection but sadly no hot food and no full english, like we had enjoyed at other hotels :-(I would say that the hotel is good for the night if you are going to the O2, but make sure that the room you book is the one available for your stay. Also the price for one night was far more than we would have expected to pay, £180 for the night!! I know this was London but for the smelly room and cold breakfast we found this very expensive. We only stayed here as it was a special occasion for my husband.Would not be staying here again. Very bad value for money!	
Mar 3 2008 	Perfect 02 Arena Hotel	Perfectly reasonable hotel within 10 mins walk of the O2 arena. As with all Express by Holiday Inns they are clean/modern and quite good value. We managed to check in earlier than the stated 3pm time, which enabled us to have a drink at the bar (£3/pint - which is reasonable by London standards). Good sized car park (£5/day) - and also within easy walking distance of tube (north greenwich). We found the bed a bit uncomfortable - could probably do we being updated - but for what we needed it for - a crash pad after a gig it was fine! Highly recommended for an after-gig bed!	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel - Fantastic Product and Location	After reading some of the reviews here, I had my own reservations of staying at this hotel. Albeit, I must admit my experience was far more better and if any thing 'Fabulous' by all counts. The location is fantastic, great product and staff are excellent. The O2 arena for me from the hotel was definitely 10 minutes and within walkable limits. Room was very clean and breakfast was what they advertise - simple and healthy! Overall I must complement the staff and the services provided and no doubt this hotel will be my home away from home in my next trip. Thank you!	
Feb 15 2008 	Would Recommend - Good Hotel - Clean and Comfy	Stayed here for two nights from the 11th - 13th February, found the hotel to be as expected - very clean and tidy - comfy bedrooms with all necessary ammenities - haridryer, tv, tea/coffee etc. Breakfast was continental but was very nice plenty of choice, brown/white toast, croissants, doughnuts, muffins, yougurts, bread rolls, ham, beef cheese, fruit, tea/coffee. fruit juice. Everything you could expect from a continental breakfast.We got the underground to North Greenwich then walked the twenty minutes to the hotel, along a well lit road. Its about 3/4 of a mile so wouldn't recommend the walk with lots of luggage, we went to a show one night and got back late so took a taki from the underground station which was £5.40. Staff were helpful if they do speak limited english. There is food and a bar in the lobby on the 1st floor. A chinese restaurant on the ground floor (didn't try it). There is also vending machines in the lobby, an ice machine and a microwave and plates for those wishing to make a quick snack.	
Feb 12 2008 	10 mins to the dome ... you must be joking!	Have just returned fron a 2 night stay with husband and 2 kids in tow. I booked here as it is supposedly only a 10 min walk to the O2 &amp; the Tutankhamun exhibition. Haa haa! I timed it on the walk back from the hotel to North Greenwich tube which is adjacent. 20 mins it took. You are better off booking somewhere alone the Jubilee line and getting in that way. The hotel itself had it's good points. Staff were generally helpful, even if some of them had limited English. Surprisingly good bar meals as well, although pricey and no children's menu apparent. Great view of the Dome from the 3rd floor lobby - very spectacular. Our family room was tiny, and we were dismayed to find that we had been given 2 double beds rather than additional singles as at Travel Inn. Disaster - the kids wouldn't share, and the additional bed was so incredibly uncomfortable my husband ended up spending some of the night sitting in a chair. Breakfast very bizarre. No sign of the hot food shown on their website, but the kids did enjoy the jam doughnuts on offer this morning!!!	
Jan 20 2008 	excellent for the o2	very pleased with the selection of hotel for recent trip to see the Spice Girls, it is about 12 -15 minute walk to venue ,but other than that, unless you leave early you will be queueing for the train/tube/ferry or stuck in a taxi in the general gridlock. So you might as well be walking.Hotel was clean and comfortable and of the standard required from a hotel of this kind. Breakfast was busy but plentiful and foods were of a good quality. On top of that at check in, i was given a two free drinks voucher for the bar, which was excellent and a couple of cold Mangers Ciders were very much enjoyed.p.s a 5 minute walk across the ajoining road and behind the Odean cinema was a few Restaurants (pizza hut, nando's etc)	
Jan 18 2008	TERRIBLE!!	stayed in holiday express for 1 night just because it was the nearest to the O2 arena . When arrived at hotel the woman behind the check in desk told us that we hadn't booked a room (which we had quite a while ago!) it took 1 HOUR for her to finally notice that we actually had booked a room there. The lifts were tiny and at one point almost broke down!. The rooms were DISGUSTING , he hotel had recently threw out all of the sofa beds which i myself saw in the skip and in my room we ordered a sofa bed , when i lifted up all of the dirty sheets there were about 5 of the different beds on top of eachother which had a horrible smell. I then noticed that they had taken the beds out of the skip!. On the sheets were dead bugs and actually a few red blood sucking ants. the tv had no good channels and the romote didnt work, the sound on it was rubbish. The bathroom wasnt a good size . We had a drink and when i looked at the cell by date mine was gone off!. The staff there were rubbish, the barmaid was the receptionist , room serive and chef!,who could hardly speak english and didnt know where any of the drinks were when we ordered some when they were right infront of her eyes!. The restraunt shut really early so had no chance of eating there. I WAS SO SHOCKED WHEN THE MIRROR IN THE WALL FELL OFF AND THERE WAS A HUGE HOLE WHICH YOU COULD SEE INTO ANOTER ROOM AND THEY ALSO HAD A HOLE BEHIND THEIR MIRROR. the breccy was also rubbish,,	
Jan 10 2008 	Good location for O2	I booked this hotel as I was going to see the Spice Girls with my mum at the O2 and wanted to stay over rather than come back same night . On arrival the check in was quick and there were no complications. The room was clean and had tea &amp; coffee facilities. We stayed in a twin room and only had 1 towel, after calling the reception twice we got loads more. The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. When we arrived we were very hungry and asked where we could get a meal and were told to go next door to the Chinese restaurant.... we went there and had a 3 course meal which was nice.... and not expensive.The location is good but we still got a taxi to the O2... a bit lazy but we were wearing heels! The taxi there was £4 but on the way back was £20 because of all the traffic so watch out for that! The next day we walked to the tube (next to Oz) and it took us about 15mins. Breakfast was a bit of a joke, we were told it was between 7am &amp; 11am but I think it was 6am - 10am. We got there at about 930am and there was no where to sit, we had to wait for a table. There was a good selection of food, cereal, pastries, cheese, ham, toast etc but no cooked food.All in all a good place to stay if you are visiting O2 but not somewhere I would imagine staying for long, it's more of a stop gap than anything else.	
Jan 10 2008 	what a rip off	We stayed here on the 8th of jan after seeing the Spice Girls at the O2. The room cost £171.00 for 1 nights stay. When we arrived we were told the car park would be £3.00 on the booking but when checking in were informed it would be £5.00. We were given a voucher for 2 free drinks. When we got to our room we looked out the window (we were on the 2nd floor) to find just outside the window was a mouldy pillow, a carton of what must have been apple juice but was now pure mould. A mouldy towel and several beer bottles. The shower would only give out boiling hot water. The bed was well slept in and uncomfortable. The sofa bed looked well used and in need of a refurb. There must have been some water damage from the room above us as the ceiling was covered in brown water stains, something a lick of paint would sort out. We went down for breakfast the next morining to find the hot cossiants were barely warm and soggy. We asked at reception to order us a taxi to take us to the arena as it was raining. When the time came for the taxi to arrive they said that they were sorry and had forgotten to order it. The main reception area looked very clean and the staff at check were pleasent, I think that is really the only good thing I can say about it. If I go to the O2 again I will stay somewhere different.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good Value Modern Clean Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights just after New Year. It was very clean and modern. The room had a TV, tea/coffee making facilities, en-suite shower room and plenty of towels!The bed was fairly comfy.Staff were friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast included in price which was added bonus.Hotel only 10 min walk from 02 Arena and 10 minutes in other direction to Odeon Cinema, Sainsbury's, Pizza Hut and other eateries. Lovely Chinese Rest in Hotel &quot;The Peninsula&quot; good value. Would stay here again for concert at 02 Arena.	
Dec 29 2007 	Highly recommended and very comfortable	We stayed at this Holiday Inn Express 27-29 December and were quite surprised at the value for money it offered. We paid £59 per night for a 4 bed family room which included a good continental breakfast for all of us. Staff were very friendly and accomodating - and it had a warm welcoming feel to it - which I find the Holiday Inn Express hotels can sometimes lack. There is a really excellent chinese restaurant as part of the hotel which although not cheap I can thoroughly recommend.Car parking is £3 a day for hotel guests - this is going up to £5 a day from January I believe - this is considerably cheaper than parking at the O2 dome car parks which are £20 a day.The dome is a good 15 minutes walk away. North Greenwich underground station is also here - it is on the Jubilee line so has an extremely efficient service into town. Approximately 30 minutes to get into Zone 1 (Bond Street etc).The David Beckham football academy was 10 minutes walk away.10 minutes walk away are a good selection of restaurants and Sainsburys.	
Dec 26 2007 	Good Choice	Good value if paying less than seventy pounds per night.This hotel should be used simply as a place to sleep, it is not a holiday hotel. Very functional, suited us fine as we were inLondon visiting family for Xmas, so just needed a place to crash.Rooms were clean with fresh linen and towels. Rooms were cleaned well each day as well, well stocked with tea and coffee.Rooms were spacious and our 11 month baby had her own bed !! we were well taken care of.Staff were very pleasant and helpful.Complimentary continental breakfast was good and well stocked up.Parking facilities were good.Location very good. Just on the A2, therefore 20 minutes from Bluewater shopping centre, 10 minutes from historic Greenwich and its bars and restaurants. Just 10 minutes from the Dome and jubilee line. Well connected to West End and Canary Wharf as well as London City Airport.Improvements could be made to the entrance, bit dated now. Security was an issue, anyone could have walked into the hotel at anytime in the day, even onto the floors of the rooms. There was a security guard in the night time periods.Also be careful upon checking out, once again I was asked to pay more than the booked rate. Having stayed twice, each time the receptionist has agreed to take the original agreed rate, maybe they are just trying to make a quick buck upon check out !!! so be careful.Overall, would stay here again. Dont expect 4 star luxury and ust enjoy the money you save by going functional !	
Dec 13 2007 	Ideal for the 02	Stayed at the hotel for one night in dec for the Take That concert,with my daughter.We actually couldnt fault the hotel,check in was quick,our room was lovely and clean,the beds were soooooo comfy,i couldnt get up in the morning.Breakfast was plentiful and i found it to be fresh.dont forget this is a 3* hotel.I thought it was better than a few 4*s i have stayed in in london.	
Dec 3 2007 	Plesant Enough Hotel	I stayed at this hotel on Sat Dec 1st as part of a package to see Take That at the O2 arena. Having looked at the photos on the website, it appears as if the O2 is just across the road, when in fact it is a 15 minute, at least, walk. This doesn't bother me if the weather is OK, but of course it was wet and windy, and getting soaked before a concert is not my idea of fun. A taxi to the O2 costs £5 from the hotel, which is a bit much considering you are in it for approximately 2 minutes. The hotel itself was clean and bright. Check in was fine, the room was clean and adequate for two of us staying one night. When we got back to the hotel, after a brisk walk from the O2 (TIP- walk back, because the traffic after a concert is pandemonium - cars everywhere - and no-one moving very far ), we sat and had a drink and we could still see the traffic and limos trying to get down the road. Bar was open until 2am, but when we got back at 11.15pm they had run out of various drinks - not a very good idea when a concert is on and the majority of people staying at the hotel were at it, plus the only vending machine with food in was not working!! People had Indian food and Pizzas delivered - they must have stayed here before!! If I went to the O2 again, I probably would stay there again. It was not as bad as some people have stated previously, but then you can't please everyone!	
Oct 21 2007 	lovely hotel	About 10 minute walk from O2 arena and tube station. lots of buses but not one in our direction so we walked. Hotel was lovely but on an island in the middle of a busy road. The rooms were of a lovely size and very clean the reception staff were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was very nice but not much choice and the hotel bar was very expensive.	
Oct 6 2007 	Not impressed	I would have thought the only reason anyone would stay here is that they are seeing a concert at the O2 and don't want to have to drive home, i.e. us plus everyone else staying there in August after a Stones concert.The hotel is situated in what appears to be an industrial estate about 15 mins walk to the Dome. There has been no attempt to pretty up the surroundings with nice planting etc and it is all very bleak, even in summer.I imagine the hotel was built at the same time as the Dome and it is now getting tired. Our room was OK but a bit musty with a view across to some industrial buildings. I wouldn't have minded if we were paying £75 - £100 per night, but we were paying £180 which was not good value for money but obviously linked to the fact the Stones were in town.The staff were perfectly pleasant, parking arrangement fine for us, and breakfast looked good although we didn't stop to sample it. If you are going to see a concert at the Dome where there are likely to be 20,000 people about, have your early dinner somewhere else as you are likely to be queuing in the Dome just to get a table at a very ordinary chain restaurant. We ended up with take away pizza upstairs just before the Stones came on which although surprisingly good, wasn't quite what we had envisaged. The large Chinese restaurant by the hotel was packed out at 7 pm so we gave that a miss and it was closed by the time we got back from the concert. Luckily the Stones were brilliant and that was the saving grace.	
Sep 23 2007 	excellent suprise	Booked this directly on intercontinental website, using priority points accrewedStayed 1 night to spend the weekend sightseeing in London. Selected this express due to lower cost of points redemption, and vicinity to london (as opposed to airports etc!)Have stayed in Express inns before and had an idea of what to expect, but was actually suprised, as it is clearly a well used hotel, but our room (6th floor, village side) was spotless, had a view of the dome, and also the hotel had parking readily availably and cheap (£3 per night for guests)Tube about a 10 minute well lit walk away at North Grenwich (O2 arena)- only grumble is if you're going into greenwich village you have to mess around with DLR which is a nightmare with oyster novices - make sure you swipe on hidden tags at heron quay or you'll get £4 penalties!!) - bus is easier and stops outside hotel, number 188 I thinkStaff were helpfull friendly and courteousComplimentary continental breakfast was a pleasant suprise, it was very fresh and plentiful (I was anticipating some stale looking croissants and bad coffe to be fair!!) - plenty of branded cereals, warm and cold pastries, ham, cheese , fruit, coffee and again there were people constantly clearing and cleaning, even at 9.30 on a sunday morningI would stay here again for the same purpose, as the parking was a bonus, though if I was coming by train I would opt for a more central location such as Camden Lock	
Sep 2 2007 	what are you moaning about	we stayed for one night to see prince at the O2. twin room, nice and clean air conditioned. we had a small problem as the kettle in room was not working and didnt get it rectified as it seemed a fault was in the power supply, not the replacement kettle which was brought to us. as we were only there for one night we didnt bother again, it wasnt worth it.10-15 min walk to O2, chinese restaurant next door but no other food available over weekend except vending machines in reception/bar area, though some people had pizzas delivered .bar Ok not too well stocked but then again i am a draught cider drinker and didnt expect to see any really, pint of bitter cost over £3 and vodka and tonic water over a fiver.continental breakfast only but there was plenty of selection and if you wanted you can go as often as you want.we thought it was a reasonable hotel, we have stayed in 5 * and low budget and it was in the same league as travel inn/lodge chains. we paid £100 all but a few pence and would definitely use there again next time we go to O2, which we most certainly will	
Aug 21 2007 	Rip Off	Don't event think about staying at this hotel if you've booked tickets for the O2 Dome, or if you do check the room rate very carefully. We were charged £250 for one night's stay, and this was for a disabled guest in a wheelchair. The hotel is a half-mile 15 minute walk to the Dome, not 'a few minutes' as described. Use the excellent public transport to/from the Dome and stay elsewhere. And this is for a hotel chain that claims their room rates 'wont break the bank'. Complete rip-off. Beware.	
Aug 19 2007 	A Warning about this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night as we were going to a concert at the O2. We found it convenient for this purpose, as there are good eating and drinking facilities at the O2, which is about a ten minute walk away. The hotel itself was clean and functional, however a warning to anyone planning to drive to the hotel &amp; leave their car overnight - our car plus the car next to us was broken into overnight and our sat navs were taken. Some people who were going to visit the Chinese restaurant came up to us while we were clearing the glass from our car, and said this was a very common occurance at this hotel. The hotel has CCTV but to date we have not heard back from the police. My advice would be to remove all traces of your sat nav (we hid ours but did not remove the circle that the bracket rests on.) The staff were generally helpful and called the police but did not seem in the least bit surprised. Having said this, we would stay again but would probably get the train!	
Aug 11 2007	Pleasant and convenient	Stayed here as we were seeing a concert at the O2 - it is a 10 minute walk so very convenient. The staff were friendly (however we did meet the bar staff who didn't know what they were doing!) and the room was clean and generally pleasant. Was able to get a good price via their website. Breakfast was plentiful, and of a good variety, as we arrived at 9am but somewhat lacking later on in the morning. Not really a base for a holiday in London but very good if you are seeing a concert at the O2 and don't want to travel back that night.	
Jul 29 2007	Travel Inn Express never again!!!!	Quite Honestly the very worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Only booked for one night, thank goodness!! Right from arrival to find there was no food as the bar snack service is not avaliable at weekends, Great. Thank God the concert at the O2 arean was good as when we got back the bar service was even worst with flat drinks and a barman who had no idea what he was doing.......Having awoken in the morning i was horrified to find there was no cold running water and my wife burnt herself in the shower. Could not flush the toilet or have a shave and no shower as the water was scoulding........Breakfast, The table had not been cleared and no plates..Over all Travelodge would put this place to shame for less than half the price.Won't be staying at aHoliday Inn Express again, stay well clear.	
Jul 9 2007 	ok for one night	Stayed here Sat 7 July as seeing a gig at the Dome. We did walk from the tube, it took us about 15 mins, although bus is £2, children free. Staff were pleasant ,but this is not pretending to be a 4/5 star hotel, it does what the packet says, bed breakfast and leave!	
May 6 2007 	Going downhill	I booked 3 nights stay in the Holiday Inn Express, Greenwich at the end of April. I have stayed at the same hotel at the end of 2004. I had pre-paid my booking on the priority club website.The entrance carpet needed replacing and I would say the place needs a new coat of paint. There was an automatic door which does not open from the outside.When I checked in, the girl insisted that I had not paid for my room. I refused to accept this and she asked a senior staff who sorted it out.The room I was given was smaller than the one I stayed in 2004. There is a standard double bed with simple sheets and cover, a 14&quot; TV with BBC1,2,ITV,C4,C5,Sky One &amp; News and CBBC. There is a small kettle and plastic cups. No fridge, safe, ice bucket or london guides. The toilet/shower room has just those two things and a plastic sink. The sink tap head had a shower-type head fitted which I didn't like. The room was also facing the main road which can be noisy in the mornings when there is rush hour. The air quality is also not nice. The window only opens a fraction, and the air conditioner looked like it did not function.My own room has cracked and broken tiles in the bathroom. The TV channels randomly failed to work and I had to call reception each time. The engineer told me it was because the central hub room did not have sufficient air-conditioning.Breakfast is included but don't expect bacon and eggs. You'll get stuff which staff don't need to cook - croissants, bread, yougart, cereal, juice, tinned fruit - you get the idea. The reception area has a microwave and plates/cutlery for guest use. This was the most useful thing for me. This is also where the ice machine is located. However, I could find no ice buckets but it could be because the weather was not hot enough yet.Location-wise, still not great. Having seen Holiday Inns in continental europe provide courtesy shuttle buses into downtown, I would expect this to be the case here since the tube station is a good 20 min walk. Also, the hotel does not sell travel cards or tickets - extremely poor service when one considers what holiday inns in Continental Europe can provide. Staff are friendly and try to be helpful but generally can not help. The facilities around the area are not great - no post office for miles, no banks. You have to walk 10 mins to the Sainsbury's to reach the nearest cashpoint.Having said all those negatives, there is a great Chinese restaurant downstairs called Peninsular. They still do the best dim sum in London.To any Holiday Inn personnel reading this - you simply have to improve the supplementary services which your UK hotels provides (which at the moment is nil). Take a look at what your partners in the rest of Europe are doing and try to better yourselves instead of laughing it off... It does not take much to prepare a shuttle bus service every 30 mins, lists of tourist info for basic services. Since the hotel was built, it has only seen one improvement in my opinion - the obnoxious reception manager from 2004 is no longer working at this branch.	
Mar 15 2007	Very pleasant	I am surprised by the number of bad reviews. Admittedly we only stayed one night but I found it very cheap, clean and everything we needed was there. Very pleasant and I would happily stay again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Over charged	Booked via Travelocity a prepaid package, flight and 3 nights accommodation at Holiday Inn Express Greenwich. Accommodation basic, but clean, served it's purpose as just somewhere to sleep.When my husband tried to check out, the front desk produced a bill and said that it hadn't been pre-paid, he informed them that it had been pre-paid, but they insisted that it hadn't, so re-charged his credit card.I am now in the process of trying to receive a refund from the hotel via Travelocity and this is proving to be a lengthly process. The Hotel, do not want to take responsibility and refund, all the staff seem to be out and back in tomorrow, so call back then! shall not be using Travelocity again, as they don't seem to have sufficient communication with the hotels to say that the rooms have been prepaid. This is a shame, as the initial booking is so easy and our confirmation received in an efficient manner. But 3 hours to date, on the telephone to resolve is too long!	
Nov 12 2006 	Clean comfortable under-rated	I stayed here for one night in November 2006, for £49, which is one of the best rates I've seen in London. The hotel is located next to the rapidly-expanding Greenwich Millennium Village, less than 15 minutes walk from the Dome and North Greenwich tube and bus station along a main road, so getting there isn't a problem if you don't mind a short walk. However don't be misled by the telephoto pictures on Holiday Inn website, it's NOT clearly visible from the tube station so check your route beforehand. There are plenty of facilities nearby including Sainsburys (the eco-friendly one) and a cinema.Public areas of the hotel were presentable but nothing special - what you'd expect for a budget brand, really. The reception, which doubles as the bar, was well-staffed when I arrived late in the evening (around 11pm). There are views to the Dome and Canary Wharf from the stairs and lift lobby on the higher levels.My room was clean and tidy, with a comfortable bed and a good shower. There was inevitably a bit of traffic noise though the air vents in the window, but not enough to disturb me. Like other Hoiday Inn Expresses, the en-suite shower rooms are a bit clever, with a door that closes in two positions so someone can use the sink and shower while someone else is using the toilet, if you want; or alternatively they can work like a regular en-suite.The continental breakfast buffet was well-stocked right up to 11am; it wasn't the most extensive I've seen but had a good selection of cereals and so on.Overall the hotel was exactly what I'd want and expect from a budget brand. Definitely worth considering.One thing to watch out for though: if you're booking on the Holiday Inn Express website, make sure you check out the promotions on the home page. Simply searching for the &quot;best available&quot; rate doesn't necessarily give you the lowest price. In my case the &quot;best available&quot; was almost double the &quot;leisure saver&quot; rate! (This also seems to apply to the other InterContinental brands - Holiday Inn, Crowne Plaza etc).	
Apr 30 2006	cheap 	Location ok if you drive otherwise 10 min walk to north greenwich tube station &amp; 20 min walk to Greenwich itself.(which is not all that good when you have ran the london marathon the day before , which my other half had!) nice and clean hotel good views over the city and millenium dome &amp; david beckham academy. Rooms average and staff helpfull, except one day at breakfast half hour before the breakfast time finished the waitress was prematurely putting everything away and clearly wanted us paying customers out asap. Other than that all was ok , i would stay here again but only if i couldnt find somewhere else that was nearer to a tube station.	
Aug 17 2005	Shocking!	I was to stay in the hotel last July. We booked in and were told that due to over bookings we were to placed in a disabled room. No problems! Went to the room, and the shower did not work. I went to reception and told them the shower did not work, could someone fix it while we went and got some dinner. We went and got a bite to eat and came back to the room. ASked at reception was the shower fixed, was told yes, got up to the room and it wasnt. After 5 or six phone calls back and forward, the guy at reception said he would come up at look at it. He came up and looked round the room and said, i dont know, it will have to wait to the morning. We explained that we had to be away first thing in the morning, and asked could we change rooms, told no as fully booked. Went down to reception to see what could be done. While we there a number of people who at too much alcohol were there, one commented that he was going to sleep in the corridor that night, which didnt seem very secure to me. A bridal party also arrived and were told no record of reservation, and then a family came down, who complained about the noise and wanted to leave. We decided to leave as the service was poor, rooms shocking and not safe!	
May 3 2005	Cheap but bad location		
Apr 17 2005	good value for money		
Apr 2 2005	Quite good in generalbut far away from all!		
Feb 15 2005	Get What You Pay For		
Feb 14 2005	Family suite???? For a family of dolls perhaps!!!		
Feb 3 2005	Absolutely terrible experience		
Sep 27 2004	Nice hotel nice price		
Aug 8 2004	Gone to the dogs!!		
Jan 27 2004	Value for Money		
May 24 2003	Great location and rooms		
Jul 24 2009 	Bequem zu erreichen sehr sauber		
Jan 15 2009 	War ok aber sehr außerhalb!		
Oct 7 2008 	Buena opción para visitar Greenwich (con coche) o ir al O2		
Sep 19 2008 	Ist Okay		
Jul 25 2008 	Très pratique pour O2		
