Nov 19 2009 	Not bad for a short stay and short people! :)	Well, 1- I have to admit that the rooms are clean and in an excellent condition with towels, soap &amp; shampoo already provided. 2- However, the corridor is somehow narrow and I believe that a 1.90cm tall guy won't be able to walk through as it is somehow short, too!. 3- Also, the staff look unfriendly, you will never find them smiling even if you smile at them. 4- I asked for a towel at 7:00pm and I was informed by the receptionist that towels &amp; other room services can only be provided from 7am until 2 or 3pm (which is unusual at any hotel). Also, I asked for locker maintenance two days ago, and still haven't got anyone to fix it! :(5- At the first sight from the outside, you may feel disappointed, yet you'll find yourself lucky once you enter your clean &amp; tidy room (don't worry).6- I booked my room for 68 GBP (14 days early booking through the hotel's official website ). However, you may find it cheaper at other websites.7- Breakfast is excellent, free buffet located on the first floor.8- If you want Wireless Access to the internet, you have to go downstairs to the reception to pay &amp; get your voucher (at Premier Inn hotel you can buy it online with your Master/Debit card, which could be mostly preferred by lazy people like me!) :)9- Bathroom is small, clean with very nice warm water.10- I recommend this hotel for single and couples; for short stays (less than a week).11- Edgware road station is just 3 minutes walk.12- The good thing here is when I asked for half an hour internet voucher, and the reception guy did not charge me for it. Despite the bad points given above, the hotel itself in general is nice &amp; quiet, and it will will be on the top of my mind next time I come to London.I will try to add photos as soon as I can.Feel free to contact me about the hotel.Have a nice stay.Marzooq	
Nov 10 2009 	JUST OK	The behavior of a reception employee was quite unacceptable. the room was ok without being something special. the hotel is situated close to a tube station and bus station that is only 5 minutes far away from oxford circus. prefer take the bus	
Nov 2 2009 	Good Clean room with helpful staff.	We wanted a Hotel with breakfast that was not too far from Camden Market, Victoria Station and the centre of London. We managed to get a double room with en-suite for £50 for the night. The room was clean and reminded me of a Travelodge (which is a good thing) with a nice bathroom and a great shower ( I want one at home!).We arrived about 2pm as we wanted to drop our bags off and then go on to Camden. The guy on the reception printed me out the bus details to get there.The room was a bit warm at night (I should have put the air-conditioning on) and in the morning an upstairs guest was a bit noisy but apart from that a good night’s sleep (I asked for a quiet room on the booking and got room 117 at the back of the hotel)Wi-Fi was available but a bit expensive so I did not bother. There was a TV with remote which had some of the Freeview channels.In the morning we had a continental breakfast which for us consisted of cereal, toast, boiled eggs, tea, coffee, apple juice and couple of cakes for later! The breakfast room gets a little busy at times but it was all laid out nice and enough to get us started in the morning.We rushed off to Regents Park in the morning (15 mins walk) and got some lovely pictures with us finally checking out at 11am.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very helpful staff - modern clean comfortable rooms	I do admit that I was searching for hotel rooms in London just on price. When I happened on the Comfort Inn, Edgware Road I thought I had found economy with modern comfort. They do not have a car park - but informed us that we could park a short walk down the road at a private car park - which all worked out very well indeed. We had looked on Google at the road to see what the frontage looked like. Yes it is just a door - however - above and behind that are very clean, comfortable, modern, [AC and TV] lovely ensuite rooms. Really you don't need much more! Just outside the conjestion area - so no charges - if using public transferport whilst you stay. \Even better I guess if you do not have a car with you! We came from Wales and had a very good night with them and would stay again in a flash! Double glazing and AC so no need to hear the road at all. Julia and Martin and Julia's Dad	
Sep 5 2009 	Great location great price	We spent one night at the Comfort Inn. We found the reception staff to be extremely helpful. The room was clean and bright. Excellent shower! Breakfast was brilliant considering it was included in the price - (£94 for a triple room). For breakfast there were cereals, yoghurt, croissants, muffins, cheese, boiled eggs, toast, a selection of teas and a hot drinks machine with the usual range of options.If you are looking for a good value, clean hotel with friendly staff - stay here! If you are looking for 5 star luxury stay at The Dorchester!	
Jul 22 2009 	very nice hotel at a low price in an excellent location.	We stayed in the Comfort Inn for two nights and had a lovely time. The receptionists were very helpful and friendly. The rooms were bright, clean and had everything you need. Very close to lots of attractions. We will definiatly be staying here again and will be recommending it.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Value For Money	Found this hotel very good value for money.Breakfast was a little plain but no worse than I have had in German and French hotels.I have now stayed here 7 times in total and will continue to do so as its proximity to the tube and the city is good.I would recommend anybody who is going to stay here to book on line as booking direct is very expensive also join there rewards club as it gives you a better rate on the room	
Jul 14 2009 	Great stay at Comfort Inn Edgware Road	We found the hotel to be clean comfortable and very good value for being in the city center. Conveniently to both Tubes at Edgware Road and about 20 minutes walk from Marble Arch. Although outside is not impressive rooms were spotless comfortable and modern with a/c and flat screen satellite TV! Reception staff were welcoming and helpful.Breakfast was wonderful with a range of cereals, toast, muffins cheese etc. served in a pleasant and sunny room.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good value for money but no sleep!	Decided to do budget hotel as this was a one night stay for a trip to Lords cricket ground. Hotel in walking distance of ground. Didn't expect much for the price but was surprised that room was OK and clean despite very poor impression from outside of hotel. Unfortunately our stay was spoiled by several young guests running around the hotel corridors shouting until the early hours. No action from hotel staff, didn't quieten down until about 3am. Obviously the low price attracted younger guests, have learned our lesson and will revert back to higher quality hotels. Only recommend for those who do not wish to sleep!	
May 26 2009 	Good value for money in interesting area	Good basic but clean hotel. Rooms were freshly decorated and modern with LCD TV, freeview channels, comfortable bed and spotless bathroom. We paid £93 per night which although expensive to us was very reasonable given London prices.Air conditioning unit in each room but unfortunately ours wasn't working.Staff were pleasant and offered us the use of the luggage room to store our belongings after check out whcih was a huge help. The breakfast was basic (selection of cereals, grapefruit, croissants, toast ,muffins, boiled eggs cheese etc) and served till 1030 at weekends which was good.V interesting area with distinctly Middle Eastern vibe and 5 mins walk from tube, 20 mins walk from Marble Arch.	
Apr 20 2009 	Clean good sized rooms not safe area at night	This hotel gives a very bad impression as the exterior of it is very unattractive. Room was pleasantly surprising, a good sized room with two double beds. The room and the ensuite bathroom were spotless, could not fault them. Staff were not too friendly but courteous enough. Breakfast was basic but served in a nice breakfast room with internet connection. The location was the main problem i had with this hotel. While it was well connected to the rest of the city by underground and busses we found that even walking to the tube station (just 5 mins walk away) during the day we never felt safe. I spent one evening on my own as the rest of my party had plans and found myself too afraid to go out on my own, especially after dark. Would recommend this hotel for independant, experienced travellers who just need a base for exploring London but do not plan on spending much time at the hotel itself.	
Apr 9 2009 	The worst part was the breakfast. It is rather poor.	We booked a triple room. The room was not too big, but was comfortable and clean. As it was in the rear of the building it was also very quiet. The beds were large and comfortable. WC was OK too, with a big shower.It had a LCD TV with excellent image. Internet acess is available, but is very expensive.The staff was helpful and friendly, in solving too minor problems.The worst part was the breakfast. It is rather poor, without hot milk or ham for the bread.My son had to eat his corn flakes with cold milk.And at the end of the breakfest period (10:00) food is removed, and you have to go, so be careful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Excellent rooms  excellent location	Nice hotel and nice location. Wifi Internet is paid there for 15 pounds a day which makes the overal rate relatively equivelent to other hotels which offer it for free.The hotel is very modern inside though small in size but the rooms are very good.The morning shift girl wasn't very friend but the night shift guy was nice. Checkout is strict at 11:00 with allowance to 11:30 which wasn't convenient for me as I askd for late checkout and I wasn't informed they can't.	
Nov 5 2008 	friendly clean good value	The hotel is in a very interesting and cosmopolitan atmosphere, just 5/10 minutes walk from Edgware Road tube Stations. We were carrying quite a lot of luggage so it had been good to know buses 98 and 6 (24 hours) leave you few steps ahead the hotel, just the stop after the petrol station. Transport links to main attractions are excellent and the friendly reception staff will always help you out with any direction you need. Rooms are very clean, nice and comfortable. To sum- up, one of the best hotels value for money I have ever stayed at in London.	
Nov 3 2008 	brilliant	its 5 times i have been to comfort inn,my stay was good as my first stay,excellent service friendly staff,thanks to everyone for making my stay satisfied and comfortable	
Oct 23 2008 	Basic	Hotel is only 10 mins walk from tube but as a lone female I did not feel comfortable walking there in the dusk and would certainly not go out later in the evening. Room was adequate but despite lovely having new flat screen TV it was only tuned to one channel. Receptionist couldn't do anything as she was by herself on the desk - left me wondering what would happen in an emergency. Air conditioning unit in the room but nothing to operate it with. Fortunately it was a cool night so it didn't matter as if i'd had to open the window the noise from the Edgware Road would have been deafening. Adequate as a basic hotel in London but I had stayed at a 4* the previous week for last minute price which was only £6 than this one. Would recommend looking around for a deal somewhere else before booking here.	
Oct 4 2008 	No problems at all	The hotel is approximately a 10 minute walk (depending upon how fast you walk!) from the main Edgware Road tube station. There are two Edgware Road tube stations - one on the District and Circle lines and the other on the Bakerloo line. The one on the Bakerloo line is actually on Edgware Road and is slightly closer to the hotel, the other is just off Edgware Road, but is easier to use as you can get the tube straight from Liverpool Street. The hotel is in a middle eastern residential area, absolutely no trouble at all and there are plenty of convenience shops which are cheaper than in the city centre. They are quite strict about not letting you check in until 2pm but there is a luggage room available. We had room 207 and 208 which are to the rear of the building and were therefore nice and quiet. The rooms were a good size, especially for London, and more importantly very clean. The bathroom was completely adequate and the room had a big flat panel TV and air conditioning. The breakfast, served between 7-10am is continental with all the usual cereals, juices, toast etc. Basic, but fine to set you up for the day ahead. We had no problems at all with this hotel and if you get it cheap enough it's well worth considering. The only negative would be it's distance from the attractions but we felt this was far outweighed by the standard compared to that of others which may be better located.	
Aug 25 2008 	Noisy at night	We have just returned from a weekend break at The Comfort Inn Edgeware Road where we were given room 101 on the first floor next o the breakfast room. The room was clean and fairly spacious and the power shower was excellent. The noise at night was awful, in part due to the lack of soundproofing between the floors, but mainly due to the sound of water rushing down the pipes through the wall just behind our heads. I went down to reception at around 1 in the morning to complain about the noise but was informed that there were no vacant rooms. After a limited amount of sleep I again approached the front desk and although the receptionist was apologetic nothing could be done. After 2 nights with little sleep we were glad to leave and will definately not be returning.	
Aug 2 2008	Be Very Careful	Would have posted this earlier if I had known of Trip Adviser.Stayed there on 2 occasions in Oct 06. Basic accom at reasonable price. Only stayed 2nd time because we knew our way around. Booked 1st stay on net, and when booked on that departure for last nights stay in UK, price increase was amazing .Went to Show on that night and arrived back to find room &quot;done over&quot;. Lost Computer, phone and Credit Cards. Rooms have Card Entry only and doors have closers on them. When theft reported to Reception i was greeted with &quot;I Dont Care &quot;attitude. Requested police be called but no go &quot;Had to follow Procedure&quot;Night Duty Manager spoke to assistant in Arabic whenever I spoke and supposedly rang his Manager &quot;in Arabic&quot;. Assistant left reception immediatly after speaking to Manager (a bit Fishy ) and returned 5 min later. More Arabic discussion. After requesting Police for another 15 mins, Manager finally agreed when I said I would walk down to Police Station myself. As my phone had been stolen and request to use reception phones denied, that was my last option. Manager finally rang Police who arrived 3.00am. Police were great but the job was long over!Room was not trashed and Computer and phone were hidden as no safe in room. All too clean for my liking and staff attitude could be described as guilty at best. When I asked to view CCTV was told that Operations Manager only could gain access and he was unavailable for 3 days. We flew out @ 8.00 am that morn. with bad memories of London. Further Emails and phone discussions with Hotel were a waste of time and money.BE VERY CAREFUL - IN FACT, DONT CHANCE IT	
Jul 10 2008 	Irish	Recently Stayed there and it would be totally unfair not too use them again for future accomodation. in this price and the quality to get is impossible .. i paid £109 for a Double room and it was better then my room in hilton Metropole just opposite to Comfort Inn	
Jun 20 2008 	Nice for price	Was shocked at the outside appearance of this hotel and my wife was stunned. It looks awful and gives a terrible first impression. By the end of our stay we were pleasantly surprised. It proved to be a modest but modern and clean hotel. Our room was small but perfectly adequate. We will stay again in this hotel but only if the price is right. Advise: Don't pay above the odds for this hotel but if you get a reasonable rate, go for it.	
May 28 2008 	Comfort Inn - Simple reasonable 	Stayed at Comfort Inn on Edgware Road for one night. Booked one family room (for three) &amp; another twin for 2, but this would also have accommodated 3. Excellent value - very clean and comfortable and breakast fine. In good position for Hyde Park, Oxford Stree, Park Lane - not far from tube station. Does not look promising from the outside, but inside is fine. Recommended for value hotel - probably better suited for short stay only though.	
May 8 2008 	Comfortable hotel good value	Stayed one night. The hotel is located very close to the underground.Very clean + quiet hotel, stayed in a double room used as a single.The room and the bathroom was an ok size. There was a 27'' flat screen TV and A/C. Breakfast was continential, usual toast,cereals etcThe surrounding area has lots of eating places etc. Would stay here again	
Feb 26 2008 	Decent clean standard hotel	We booked this hotel to be close to our evening destination. Edgware Road is scruffy and unimpressive, but once through the hotel door we had no criticisms. We left early without trying the (included) continental breakfast, but our room was clean, modern, with air conditioning (not needed in London in January!) and everything worked. Definitely not a romantic experience but functional, effective and good value.It is about 7 minutes walk from Edgware Road tube station.	
Jan 10 2008 	No complaints and good value	Stayed here 2 nights, before returning to Canada after 2 weeks in the UK. Small, budget hotel, but perfectly adequate and quite comfortable. Despite fronting Edgware road, the hotel was very quiet inside.Paid 85 GBP for a room for 3, with small private bathroom, booked through LateRooms.Com, way below the rate posted at the front desk. I was ill during my visit, but the front desk was helpful in directing us to a pharmacy, who in turn arranged a doctor to visit. The hotel staff followed up to check all was OK. The hotel was clean and tidy, and the breakfast buffet consisted of the usual mix of croissants, toast, fruit, yogurts etc. - perfectly fine. There is an excellent Persian(Iranian) restaurant almost next door, the Kandoo. Very reasonably priced for London, and delicious nan bread is cooked to order in a stone oven at the front. Not sure it has a liquor licence, but other web sites suggest you can take your own wine etc. There were certainly diners drinking wine.The restaurant is in a predominantly middle eastern area, and busy, but very safe, and with an interesting cosmopolitan atmosphere. Edgware Road tube station is a 3 or 4 minute walk, and it's a little bit further to walk directly to Marble Arch.The hotel arranged a cab to Heathrow at a cost of 45GBP. For 3 people this was about the same price as the Heathrow Express (train) from Paddington station, but much more convenient.My rating reflects the price and quality expectations for a budget hotel in London.	
Jan 6 2008 	Basic but good value and great location.	On the whole, an OK hotel. Edware Road tube station (bakerloo line) was very near, and so conviniently located. The area Edgware Road is in is an 'ethnic' area, but we always felt safe there. The shops were good; there are many locally owned shops, a texaco garage, and a tesco metro. Check-in was very good, as we arrived at 11.20 am, and they let us into our room straight away, and it was very quick. The room was very spacious (for central london). Thee bathroom was very clean and modern, the double bed was very big and comfy, but as we had a triple room, the third 'bed', was apalling, and just about as comfy as the floor! However, I still enjoyed my stay at the comfort inn.For a continental breakfast, it was excellent. There was a lift there, which was useful. There is a luggage room where they let you keep your bags. Overall, it was very good value, and would reccomend going here if you want a good location at a low price.	
Dec 1 2007 	When all else fails drink tea!	It's OK as long as your expectations are realistic. London is a horrendously expensive place. If you are looking for a reasonable B&amp;B then consider it. If you want 'full service', responsive staff, amenities, and 'facilities', then go somewhere else.We'd stay there again if the price was right. Beware that the prices quoted on some websites excluded VAT. At 17.5% that makes a huge difference, so make sure you are looking at the right numbers. Their own website indicated that Wi-Fi was included, but they wanted extra money for it when we arrived. Even if you paid (IIRC it was £2.50 for 30 minutes!) the signal coverage was patchy. Fear not - there are plenty of places like Starbucks etc. within reasonable (but not immediate) reach. TV reception was poor - we couldn't get the full range of terrestrial channels (e.g. no BBC1, ITV1 hence no decent weather forecasts). The Asian lad on the front desk declared that nothing could be done about it. Best to leave it switched off &amp; read a newspaper or book. There were no radio channels at all, so if you want to keep up with 'The Archers', take a portable.This place offers reasonable value for money and a good location for getting around on public transport. The 414 bus from Marble Arch means you're only a few minutes away from Oxford Street and Hyde park. You could even walk it in 15-20 minutes (we did). Edgware Road tube station (Bakerloo, District &amp; Circle lines) is a 5-10 minute walk - probably about the same as by bus by the time you've waited &amp; it's negotiated traffic etc.. The area it is in doesn't seem to have many native English people there, but if you want halal or Lebanese food then there is a good choice of eateries. Located on the corner of Edgware Road and Frampton Street, there is a Pizza hut on the corner for a quick bite if you arrive late and can cope with heartburn in the wee small hours. The lift, rooms and bathrooms are small. If you are fat, don't stay there - you'll probably get stuck somewhere! But they are clean, reasonably comfortable and quiet (we were in 410 at the back). The 'continental' breakfast was a nice surprise. The breakfast room was clean and well looked after. Open between 0700 and 1000, we used it both at 0700 and 0930 during our stay &amp; it made no difference as to availability or cleanliness. A good range of branded cereals, hard boiled eggs, English Breakfast tea bags, coffee, juice, Yeo Valley yoghurts, toast &amp; marmalade. Also sweet sticky things like tiny Danish, mini muffins &amp; other stuff to remind the septics of how good things are at home. There were a few complimentary copies of the Daily Telegraph available, so if nothing else you have a decent crossword to do in the absence of a TV at night.The only complaint we had (in addition to Wi-Fi charge &amp; no TV) was that the electric kettle wouldn't work. I talked to the lad on the front desk about it, only to be told in heavily accented, non-native, English that I must have been misusing it in some way. &lt;sigh&gt;. As my dear old dad used to say, &quot;never argue with an idiot&quot;. Just wedge the on-off switch into the 'on' position using one of the small (dry) towels from the bathroom and watch it carefully until it boils. In this way it is still possible to start your day with a cup of decent tea and so all will be well with the world.	
Nov 22 2007 	Would stay here again	We booked this hotel very last minute, and so we weren't sure what to expect.From the outside the hotel didn't look much, but our room was clean and comfortable, with a nice sized bathroom. We could also leave our bags in the hotel free of charge until our room was ready.The staff were helpful and friendly. The location was really good - 10/15 minutes walk from the tube station, and there was a Tescos just around the corner.We walked back to the hotel both late at night and early in the morning, and always felt safe.I would definatley stay here again.	
Nov 1 2007 	Dirty	Advertised as walking distance ffrom Paddington, it took 25 mins and the area is really dodgy so wouldn't want to do it alone at night. Took 15 minutes to check in as staff were non-existent, ended up called in my mobile! Also the room was filthy and really noisy, and smelt of cigarettes even thought I asked for non-smoking. Report form from previous occupant was still in room, making me wonder if it had been cleaned at all. At breakfast the glasses had lipstick on and milk was sour, so went to a cafe down the road instead. It may be cheapp but you still expect a basic level of hygeine. I would never recommend this hotel, or stay there again.	
Oct 4 2007 	Good and bad	When we arrived I was shocked at how small and horrible the outside of the hotel looked.It was just a tiny door.And when we got inside it wasnt much better.The reception is cramped and wouldnt fit many people. The receptionist on was also not very pleasant.When we got to out room it was extremely small in comparison to comfort inn smithfield in Dublin. But It was fine for the price paid.One gripe was that the hotel hadnt got an ironing board.They were all in use which I found weird at a hotel.The view from the hotel isnt good at all.A block of flats facing you.Another problem was that 1 receptionist in particular didnt have a clue how to get to placesin London.I was told the wrong number bus to get to leicester Square.The hotel is about 7-10 mins walk from a tube station.Then a ten min bus journey to Oxford St.	
Sep 26 2007 	Clean and Nice and Better Than Others	We were looking on somewhat short notice for a decent budget hotel in London...and let me tell you I was surprised at just how expensive everything was, even in the so-called &quot;budget&quot; category.Well this hotel was truthfully very decent...no complaints whatsoever on the cleanliness, there were places to unload our backpacks. The bathroom had nice furnishings and the water had good pressure and was hot...The nearest tube station was Edgware Road although there are technically 2 Edgware Road stations...one that is only on the brown (Bakerloo?) line and the other that is down the street and around the corner gets you on the yellow (cirlcle) and green lines. The yellow line takes you by all the major attractions...so really the proximity to the tube is great.Any specific questions, feel free to email.	
Sep 11 2007 	nicely suprised!!!	Wow got this hotel for £45 per night expected it to be a right dive (which it does look like from outside!) but i was so suprised how CLEAN it was..the best hotel i hav stayed for that price! breakfast was great too.	
Apr 27 2007 	Good hotel with a few hiccups.	This hotel is about a 7-10 min walk from the nearest tube stop, depending on your speed. Check in was very easy. Our room (sofa bed, 1 double bed) was a decent size. (We saw a double bed room and it is very small.) The sofa bed is actually a tiny twin bed off to the side. The Choice Hotels web site says there is free wireless internet, but in reality, there is a charge for this (and the signal strength is spotty). We paid about 98 pounds per night, which is a little high, I certainly would not pay more.Our room for the first three nights (Room 401) faced the back and had little street noise. Our room for the last two nights (Room 304) faced Edgware Road and had some street noise, but it was not unbearable. Room 304 was also slightly roomier due to the layout. The rooms had another noticeable difference – the shower. Room 401’s shower took longer to get hot and the pressure was low. Room 304’s shower got hot quickly and had better pressure. Beyond that, they were very similar. Also, our room keys for 401 kept failing, we had to get them fixed at least once a day. The elevator is very tiny, and was also out of service several times during our stay. The building is only 5 stories, so it was not a big deal, unless you are handicapped or have a lot of luggage. Breakfast was adequate for our tastes – cold cereal, coffee, tea, toast, pastries, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, juice, and the like. There are no clocks in the room! Wake up calls were available and were reliable except for on the morning of our departure. Luckily, we woke up in time. Bring a travel alarm clock!!! The front desk staff was friendly enough. The neighborhood is more residential than tourist. There were plenty of restaurants nearby that are much cheaper than in the tourist areas – lots of Middle Eastern, Spanish, lots of chicken places, and a very good Burmese restaurant about three doors down.	
Mar 13 2007	Good value budget hotel would stay again	Can't beat this place for value for money - paid £51 per room per night for a double room for a midweek stay. Price even includes a free continental breakfast, though I gave breakfast a miss so can't comment on this.Needed a cheap base in London, and felt more comfortable going for one of the chain hotels rather than a small independent hotel where you don't really know what to expect. The hotel certainly did the job. Room wasn't at all cramped, appeared recently refurbished and was perfectly clean. No wardrobe, just a hanging space with a few hangers but was adequate for a short stay. Bathroom was pretty small with just a shower, but shower cubicle was a decent size and water pressure was good, though it did take a while for the water to warm up. Most chain hotels in London in the same price bracket are located well out of the centre, but the location of the Comfort Inn was great. Hotel is located on Edgware Road about 10 minutes walk from Edgware Road tube station, which is on the Bakerloo, Hammersmith &amp; City, District and Circle lines - very handy for travellers arriving into Paddington or Kings Cross. The area is always quite busy so felt safe walking back to the hotel even at night. It is also possible to walk from the hotel to Oxford Street or Hyde Park - you just have to walk right down Edgware Road, approx. 20-30 mins walk. Edgware Road is the heart of London's middle eastern community, and whilst there isn't much to see or do on Edgware Road itself, it has plenty of takeaways and grocery stores that are open til late. The only problem with this hotel was finding it! Just make you sure you turn right when you come out of the station onto Edgware Road and carry on walking until you come across it, just before the Pizza Hut.	
Jan 29 2007 	Happy with our stay	My girlfriend and I (Late 20's) stayed at this hotel for two nights. Having stayed in several other &quot;budget&quot; hotels in London, we were looking for a hotel which was recently renovated, and which would give good value. That's exactly what we got. The rooms were quite small, and the bathroom was pretty tiny, but the room seemed fresh and with a nice decoration. It didn't have the usual funky smell you often find in similarly priced hotels in London, either.From the outside, the hotel seemed very small, and there was no space at all in the reception. But we were happy with the room and the service of the place.One minus, though, was that the fire alarm got activated both saturday and sunday morning (4 times on the sunday!) before 9 o'clock, though only for less than 20 seconds at a time. If you'd been out enjoying London nightlife the night before, I guess it would've been very annoying.Besides that, the service was good, polite front desk, clean, quiet and up-to-date room, and decent location, close to the 3 lines of the Edgware road subway station. Breakfast a bit boring but ok. Would definitely return!PS: Standard rates were expensive (GBP 109!!), but there are many discounts to be found on different websites.	
Jan 4 2007 	Good value for money	The hotel is located 5 minutes from the Edgware Road underground station. The local area seems to be Middle Eastern and seemed perfectly safe at night when we (two women) were walking back from the station. The room was decent sized for London but we were give a triple room (a double bed and a &quot;sofa bed&quot; which was extremely firm and uncomfortable) instead of the twin room we had booked. We complained at the reception but were told they didn't have any twin rooms and we should be happy about the &quot;upgrade&quot; to a triple room. It was okay as we took turns sleeping on the sofa bed. There were some problems with the TV channels, only four channles instead of nine available, and we complained twice a day during our stay but the problem was not solved. The breakfast buffet was fine and the room and hotel was clean and good value for money. However, prospective guests should be aware that twin rooms do not appear to exisit, there is a very limited choice of TV channels and there is virtually no water pressure in the shower. It's low even by English standards. Other than that the hotel is good value for money.	
Nov 30 2006	Papers please	We stayed at The Comfort Inn Edgeware road in the middle of August, 2006 based almost entirely on the fact that we got the rooms for 49 pounds a night. As was stated in a previous review the reservation was not in their system and it was only because I had a print -out of the confirmation that we got the rate that I booked at. We had some other hassles with the front desk about getting rooms with two beds, as we had booked. There was a missed wake-up call too. Other than these minor problems, that were resolved to our satisfaction, we were pleased with the hotel. The rooms were clean and almost roomy by London standards, especially for the price. The tube station (on the Circle Line) is about a 10 minute walk and there is a bus stop right outside the door. The area around the hotel seems to be a mainly middle-eastern community and is not a tourist area, but that worked great for us. We could eat at the restaurants near the hotel or grab some snacks from the grocers for way less than it would cost to eat at a more expensive hotel or in a ritzier area. The Kebabs and Shwarma at the place around the corner are great. With the tube station so close we had easy access to all of the tourist destinations, but at a quarter of the price.I would recommend the hotel, especially if you can get it at 49 pound a night. Just remember to print the confirmation and bring it with you..... and bring an alarm clock.	
Sep 12 2006 	Not as good as the first time but still good value	I stayed i at this hotel the previous month and was disappointed that they had allocated me a noisy room at the front, in spite of my request for a quiet one. However, as I left the reception desk, the guy called me back and gave me a room at the side of the building. I stayed during the July heatwave, and the heat in the room was stiffling. I called to the front desk and was told that there should be a remote in the room to work the airconditioning. This wasn't apparent on my first visit . Another poster here was charged a £10 deposit for the remote. In my case the guy working on the front desk brought the remote to my room. I wasn't charged a deposit. The aircon was very efficient and you could choose the exact temperate you wanted, unlike the very expensive Hilton down the road.Again the television channels were odd. I had planned to watch a programme on Channel 4. For those who don't know, this is a regular terrestrial channel in the UK. For some reason, they had tuned in ITV4, which is a digital channel. This was done centrally, and the guy on the front desk tried to convince me that the Comfort Inn head office dictated which channels were provided. I somehow doubt this was true, particularly as one of the channels was about Italian nightclubs, and nothing else. Just a minor irritation, but I was there on business and wanted to relax and watch tv.Still good value, and the location is fine. I don't understand why some reviewers find the area threatening.	
Sep 11 2006 	Good value accomodatioon	The hotel is clean and nicely decorated, the rooms are small but comfortable. The ensuite was nice, with a large shower. The staff were always friendly. The complimentary breakfast is very good, a self-service buffet comprising several makes of cereal, toast and jams, boiled eggs, croissants, yoghurts, cheese and grapefruit.The location is good for the price. The underground is a good 5 mins walk away, but there is a bus stop right outside the hotel, with a frequent service to Oxford Street and Piccadilly, amongst others. There are many small supermarkets, pubs and restaurants in the area. Our first room was at the front of the hotel and very noisy all night. There was no double-glazing to keep out the traffic from the very busy Edgware road. After 2 nights we asked if we could move to a quieter room, which the receptionist did with no fuss. This room was at the back of the hotel and double-glazed, thus making it very quiet. There are only about 2 rooms on each of the 3 floors that are facing the front and noisy.The air conditioning is controlled by remote control, obtained from reception for a £10 deposit. The rooms also had radiators, which you could adjust yourself.I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a comfortable room at an affordable price. The hotel's website guarantees to beat other internet rates, provided you notify them 3 days before travelling, so it's worth shopping around for the best price.	
Aug 15 2006	Excellent stay	Very clean hotel, beautifully decorated rooms, stunning breakfast lounge! I travel a lot and usually stay in budget hotels, this is one of my best experiencies in London! I will certainly recommend it!	
Aug 9 2006 	Mixed Experience	I was able to get a very good rate for this hotel - about 50 GBP per night. However, the manager did not enter the reservation into the hotel's system and so it did not exist. Luckily, I had printed out the confirmation received from the manager and so was able to present that to staff. In the end, they were able to give us a room, but I feel that if we hadn't pressed our point, we would have been out of luck. Also, the staff didn't believe the good rate that we were promised, so we had to show the confirmation on check out as well.Leaving aside all the confusion, the hotel was very nice. It was clean, relatively spacious and had a good breakfast. It was also close to subway to get to the main tourist areas and airports. The area felt safe as well.	
Jul 10 2006	Not the hotel for me!	We recently stayed at this hotel for several days while we were on vacation in London. To be fair to this hotel I have to say that our room was clean, the continental breakfast was nice and the tube wasn’t too far away. Having said that, I would definitely not stay at this hotel again. The front desk staff were very inexperienced in dealing with hotels and room problems. On several occasions we caught them actually lying to us. I don’t think the day shift knew what the night shift was saying to us and they all kept getting their stories mixed up. We had 3 problems in our room which included the hot water, the tv and the telephone that we brought to their attention daily. These issues were never fixed. during our entire stay. I do expect to have a little hot water pressure when having a shower…hotel never fixed. I do expect the television channels to work properly as stated in the hotel channel guide…hotel never fixed. I also expect to make an international call from my room with my own calling card when this amenity is listed as being available on the literature in our room…hotel never fixed. I never felt safe staying in the area, especially at night, so make sure to do your research when considering where to stay.	
Jul 3 2006	Ideal for a weekend	Even if it doesn't look great from the outside, the place is nice and clean. Staff is really friendly and helpful. Good breakfast. Underground and bus stops are close, so getting to the center is not a problem even at night.	
Jun 2 2006	Great value for money	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Edgware Road for one night. I booked it through their website for GBP 35 on a Thursday night a few days in advance. For that price in London I was not expecting much more than a bed to sleep on (of not very good quality).Whilst it is definitely not 5 star, it never promises to be. Everything that it does promise though - clean refurbished and comfortable rooms, good continental breakfast, lifts, convenient location etc. - are just as they say.The rooms, while small, are clean and modern looking, providing everything you need as a base for a look around London. The showers are small but good pressure and hot, the breakfast is very good and is included in all rates. I arrived into Heathrow at 5am, and upon arriving at the hotel (very centrally located for Paddington Station Heathrow Express stop) was kindly given early check-in and use of the room from 6.30am when I got there. They also gave me the free breakfast that day, even though I hadn't paid for a room the night before.The staff are friendly and while not offering 5 star service, they do an adequate job and aim to please.I would stay again without a doubt, I only moved because I needed longer term accommodation and found what I needed. The only thing they could do to make it even better, provide the wireless internet for free. It is GBP 8 for 4 hours.	
Nov 9 2009 	Para lo que hay..buena relacion calidad•precio		
Jan 5 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Dec 9 2007	muy aceptable		
Nov 7 2007 	Für London absolut hoher Standard		
Apr 30 2007 	preiswertes Hotel in London		
