Oct 2 2009 	Avni Luxury aparments - good value for money but beware the double bed!	Great part of London, close to the tube and other transport. The apartments are newly refurbished. The only issue I had was the double bed - if there are two of you staying and you are used to a queen bed, or a king, it will be a real squeeze!The free wireless connection was a bonus and one of the main reasons I booked the apartments. The front desk staff speak limited English, but as there wasn't anything I particularly needed, that wasn't too problematic.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic would stay there again	I am really fussy, but I really liked this apartment for it's value. The location was great, as you can catch the train directly from Heathrow to Gloucester Tube Station. The local area is lovely, and easy access to the rest of London. The bedroom and living area with kitchen was spacious and really good value for money. The decor was quite modern, but a little worn out from previous patrons. I think a really good clean and the walls could do with a fresh coat of paint. But all in all, a really fab place to stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Convenient Spacious great value modern	Avni serviced apartments off Gloucester Road is probably the best accomodation I have stayed in London thus far. I'm primarily here for business and it's nice to have a self contained apartment that feels like a home away from home. It's literally 50 footsteps away from the tube station and it's close to supermarkets, drycleaners, pharmarcies, late night restaurants etc.I got the one bedroom apartment (the studio seemed too small!) for £125 per night on wotif.com and I was given the corner apartment at the end of the corridor. I've read reviews about the noise issue but I didn't hear my neighbours at all (probably because I was in the corner) and the street noise was also minimal.It has a living room (with sofa bed if you need it), dining set, large flatscreen with cable, a full kitchen with all the utensils and kitchenware you need, a large fridge. The Bedroom is small but still has built ins, dressing table and large flatscreen TV with cable. The blankets are a comfortable duvet and pillows are great.The bathroom is small but very clean, with a great shower (good pressure!). They also provide salon quality hairdryers - which is important for a girl like me. Normal hotel hairdryers wheeze loudly and take hours to dry anything.On top of everything, free wifi, so I'm always connected, with both my laptop and my iphone. The staff were all extremely friendly! I didn't ask for help with anything - there was nothing else I needed!	
Mar 18 2009 	Poor Service	Very poor front desk service and terrible rooms, had a room on the front and you can hear the noise all night. Combine this with changing rooms and then going to a room with ajoining room and people making noise all night.Told the front desk and they weren't even bothered.Overpriced and not worth it, stay in the holiday inn instead.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic location large room noisy neighbours	We stayed at the Avni Apartments in Kensington for a week in February 09. The location was wonderful, a short block away from the Gloucester Rd tube station which has service to 3 underground lines to get you around the city. Supermarkets, restaurants &amp; pubs, Kensington High Street, Hyde Park and the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A were all within easy walking distance.We arrived very early before check-in and were given a room larger than the one we'd paid for. The room hadn't yet been cleaned, but the desk staff and the cleaners themselves were very apologetic and took care of it right away. The room and bathroom were very large and high-ceilinged, but since we'd arrived so early they gave us the wheelchair-accessible room, so I can't say if the others are all so spacious. King-sized bed was two twins in the same large frame, they sometimes slid apart but it was no big deal. The bed was quite thick and soft, which I found fine but my partner who has a bad back was sore by the end of the week. Kitchen was well-equipped, but the layout was a bit strange - when the door was open, it blocked the fridge. Wireless internet was slow on the first day, but perfect for the rest of the week, fast and reliable. We were required to leave our key at the desk when we left, cleaning was done when our key was available. Overall we had a great, comfortable stay. The main downsides were these: - we couldn't figure out the heating/cooling system or the cable for the TV. Neither of these were important enough for us to ask the staff (ambient temperature was fine, and we didn't watch much TV) but I'm sure they would have explained it if we'd needed the help.- our room had a door into the adjacent room. It was locked, so we didn't feel unsafe at all, but we could hear EVERYTHING that went on in the neighbours' room. We heard them taking on the phone, their TV, their alarm in the mornings. Luckily they didn't stay up late or get up too early, but if they'd been partiers or had a crying baby, we would have had a much worse stay. I don't know if the other rooms were as bad for noise, but it might be worthwhile to ask for a room that doesn't connect to its neighbours!	
