Nov 12 2009 	Cockroaches in the bathroom! Steer clear of the Central House Hotel!	This hotel is a disgrace and should be avoided at all costs. I stayed there for 1 night (10th-11th Nov 2009) and I would never EVER go back, nor would I wish such an unpleasant stay on anyone. PLEASE BE AWARE that this hotel is NOT what its website advertises as the pictures bear little resemblance to the actual room. A few details about my Central House Hotel Experience:-Room smelt of stale smoke-Ripped duvet cover-Shabby appearance (dirty walls, holes in the wall, very dirty and scratched laminate floor)-Broken sink-Broken lights-2 Cockroaches in the bathroom (absolutely disgusting and unacceptable!)-Dirty bed-side table (cup stains)-Cracked bathroom tiles-NO HEATING!When I requested to complain about my stay I was told that I was to send an email to the hotel. I have never stayed in such a poor and unsatisfactory hotel. Stay in another neighbouring better quality hotel if you can - there are many in the Victoria area.	
Oct 21 2009 	TERRIBLE PLACE! Don't waste your money on this dump!	My husband and I stayed here (room 303) for two nights on the end of our London/Berkshire vacation. We were trying to find a reasonably priced place to stay in the same area where friends were also staying (Winchester Hotel). This was our only option and we were quite disappointed! The room was tiny and definitely needed to be renovated. The walls and ceilings were cracked. The paint was peeling off the walls. The bathroom was full of mold and mildew. The tiles were cracked and loose. The shower curtain had blood stains and mildew on the bottom of it. The trash hadn't been emptied and there was a used female hygiene pad behind the toilet wrapped in tissue that somehow got overlooked. The cherry on top was the pubic hair that was located in the bed when I pulled the sheets down to go to bed. I complained but nothing was done. I told the guy at the desk that Trip Advisor would be getting &quot;a page-full about this dump.&quot; I know it was an inexpensive place to stay, but at least clean the place!!! It is rated three stars, I wouldn't give it one. I'd rather stay in a hostel!	
Oct 18 2009 	Mould exposed wires peeling paint stained carpets - needs total refurb.	Although the staff were pleasent enough and the location very central, I would not recommend this hotel to a friend. The decor has much to be desired and the mould and exposed wires in the bathroom totally unacceptable. The entire hotel (with the exception of the reception) requires total refurbishment to a much higher specification than it currently has.	
Sep 24 2009 	If there is a worst hotel in London I've yet to see it	I booked a double room for myself and it was far smaller than any single room I've ever stayed in before. The bathroom facilties are even smaller, bearly room for one person not wholly clean and strange smelling. The worst day of my stay was day 3 - the day started out with no hot water (whole hotel), I then returned home at the end of the day to find my mobile phone had been stolen from my room! Avoid this hotel!	
Sep 9 2009 	the ceiling leaked!	We were initially happy &amp; felt it offered value for money, but during the night the ceiling started to leak through the light &amp; smoke detector. We reported it straight away but they could not offer another room, only a bucket.Luckily it missed the bed but it disturbed our night because I was feeling anxious. In the morning we were stepping around a soggy carpet &amp; worried about being electrocuted. I also suspect the smoke detector was not working &amp; that stains around the fittings meant this was not a new problem.On checking out we asked for a refund but it was not forthcoming.The desk staff maintained he was not able to make a decision on a refund &amp; he was unable to contact the manager. No concern was offered &amp; we were advised to write a complaint &amp; leave it with them.The next day my husband spoke to the manager &amp; was finally offered 50% refund.Although this went some way to compensate us we do not feel this was adequate &amp; a full refund should have been given out of goodwill.	
Aug 1 2009 	Think compact and you'll not go wrong.	We had read reviews on Trip Advisor saying that the hotel rooms here were on the small side and that was definitely the case (we were in Room 108). We could not open our cases up fully on the floor and had to put them onto the bed each time we needed to access them. We couldn’t empty our cases to eliminate the need to do this and put things into the wardrobe as this was so small that it would not have held more than six items in it – we were staying for five days so were not light on clothes. There were no drawers in the room and the wardrobe did not have a door on it.There was a safe in the room that we could use, but it did take up valuable room in the wardrobe. There was a little balcony outside our window, but there was a notice on the window asking tenants not to go on to the balcony, presumably because it was not safe, but this didn't matter anyway as we couldn't open the door fully to access the balcony because the bed was right at the side of it.Whilst the room was very much on the small side, it was very clean and tidy and was serviced every day by the cleaners.Other reviewers had said that the staff here were unfriendly and ignorant - I would like to say that in our experience the staff here were totally the opposite. They greeted you each time and were most helpful when asked for help and advice. They provide a number of leaflets in the reception area for things to do whilst in London and will book you onto a tour with the company in the leaflets if required.Breakfast served here is continental (wish London hoteliers would go back to Full English), and plentiful. It is self service, but the staff are on hand to fill trays back up, and we were never hanging around waiting for supplies to be replenished.All in all, this is a good London hotel, ideally placed between Victoria and Pimlico tube stations. Yes, its rooms are small, but after all you are only borrowing the room for a little while, not setting up residence there. We would definitely consider booking here for a short stay again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Pay For A Prison Cell !!!!!!	Let me start from the begining. From Victoria TRain Station was a good 10-15 minutes walk with luggages and on the way I saw many other hotels, passsed some grtocery store , restaruant and KFc. The outside of the hotel is nice in order to attract custmers to a prison. Anyway got in it was warm and the reception guy was okay. Booked family room expecting a room like on their website but no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &quot;Here you go room 52 in the basement&quot; said the staff After opening many fire door and many turns (like a maze) i found it asnd expecting a nice room but no. okay the key rarely fits as its old fashioned and some room keys werte attcually cards and the room using cards to open were attcually cheaper or the same price as this room! Okay got in super small with little amennty like a prison. Family room is one samll sofa bed smaller than doubke bed and one real double bed. The floor wasnt carpet it was atucally fake wood that squeeks when ever you go on it. The TV wsas on the roof and small and not walking. There were water pipes and a stinky smell as sewage go on top of the room. okay bathroom small and poorly mainted and shampoo was running low. THere was a small desk with a chair and the desrk was filled weith junks like instant cofee with dirty mugs and feedback forms. THe gunranteed wifi signal in my room was not avalible. Okay later on i go and complain and this indian staff with a bad atictiude hears our consverstion &quot;May I help you&quot; &quot;Yes I want to know complasin about the room 52 and thw wifi signal&quot; &quot;I understand room 52 is poor and all the other basement rooms so I change your room&quot; regarding wifi signal who said it was avialbe in your room&quot;&quot;Your website and your collegue&quot; &quot;Okay you may be right but i need to see your proof&quot; anyway after arguing they agreed to switch room the next day to a diffrent family room. The breakfast = horrible. not wholly cooked egg , toast,yougurt,milk,creal,juice,butter, packaked muffin,cofee. Okay so I can bear with it When i got my room changed i found out it was much better and was atucally the same rate as room 52. I had room 17 on the ground floor with wifi signal. SO I unlock the door with a CARD then the floor was carpet and this time real beds not it looks a bit like the websites picture. The toilet shower however was a flaw it was about 2cm lower than the toiolet floor with just a curtain blocking so it floods easliy. Nextg day I deciede to complain for a compesation about my first night and there I was with the bad attitude indian manager. When I told her everything she said &quot;What do you expect this isnt 5 star its only a budget hotel&quot;after listing out the things she relieved her dtress on me she said &quot;I have other things to worry about too like my daughters school .. any other things please tell me in writing&quot; The story is way to long on all the bad things remeber JUST DONT BOOK THIS HOTEL THE BASEMENT ROOMNS ARE LIKE A PRISON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you cant give up the location or the price there are hotels very clse to it including nextdoor Let me tell you some next doors like Easyhotel, AScot Hotel,and many more go on google maps street view and look for your self for the hotel names. The computer in the lobby cost money	
Jul 17 2009 	Not for claustrophobics	Four of us were attending a royal garden party so the location was ideal and we were allowed to get into our rooms early. Our friends had a family room which was a good size for 2! Our room was m iniscule. I struggled to open the french doors over the balcony and got a paint fragment in my nail. They were in need of cleaning and decorating. Fan on the wall. There was an odd smell in the corridor! Breakfast was a bun fight in a poorly set up dining room. Felt sorry for the staff who had to fight their way through jostling diners to replenish crockery etc. Breakfast was fine and kept us fuelled until lunch. The price was very good for bed and breakfast but wouldn't stay for more than one night. wifi was handy.	
Jul 15 2009 	booked and turned up and was told we didn't have a room!	We booked our room 3 months in advance. After travelling from Australia (a good 24 hours) we turned up to the hotel for them to tell us that they did not have a room for us. They tried to tell us that it had a leek and we could not stay, even though on the top of the regestration card it said &quot;dummy room&quot; as in, they probably overbooked and had to find us alternative accomodation for 1 night then move us back to their hotel for the 2nd night So we then had to walk another 10 minutes with luggage to get to the best western which was actually better than this hotel. On the 2nd night we stayed here we were appauled, the room was about as big as a closet. hard to fit 2 people and luggage in it! and the bathroom was like a port-a-loo! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL AT ALL!	
May 11 2009 	Nothing like the pics on the website	I wish I'd looked at the other reviews before I booked this hotel. I did check out the hotel's website though before booking and the room looked very different to the ones on the website when we arrived at the hotel. It was tiny, a double bed and a 'wardrobe' which was tiny and fitted about 5 things in it. The bed was unstable and the bedside lights didn't work, we had 2 sockets in the room, of which 1 didn't work. The bathroom was the size of a cupboard and you had to shut the door to get into the shower. The shower was a corner of the bathroom- no cubicle, and the side was maybe 2 inches deep, so after 2 mins the whole bathroom floor was flooded. We were put in a room in the basement area, and the corridors off the kitchen and dining room were grubby and smelled bad. When we came back to the room one night the maid had opened the window and we were on the ground floor. It seemed more like a 2 star hotel than a 3 star to me.Apart from that the hotel was fine.... lol.	
Apr 19 2009 	fab	if you are planning a cheap weekend in london this is the place to stay clean ,freindly, warm. very good breakfast and lots of it .and good local pub just round the corner.	
Mar 24 2009 	Fit for purpose	Inspite of the the views of some others I have to say that some of the rooms do look like those on the web site and we were lucky enough to have one. Although small, it was clean and smart and being at the back quiet. One the one cold night of our stay the radiator came on and the room was warm. The shower room was small, as you might expect when it was created out of the bedroom, but fit for purpose. The breakfast was continental but there seemed to be plenty. However I longed to rearrange the serving area as a less convenient arrangement would be difficult to imagine. This is not a luxury hotel but for a few days of sightseeing and shows it is quite adequate and conveniently situated for both Victoria and Pimlico statins and only 30minutes walk from Big Ben.	
Mar 13 2009 	Noooooooo	Terrible, worst room i've ever seen ..... You must choose who is getting into the room, u or your luggage ........ Disgusting, don't think about staying this [--]	
Feb 22 2009 	For Cold sleepless nights this is a must!	Hotel was clean and Close to Victoria which were the only two good points. The room looked nothing like theWebsite, with shoebox Bathroom/shower. Windows were single glazed and must have been the original installed. They were unlockable and draughty. Our room was in the basement and was where the bags of Laundry were delivered over the railings at 7am each morning. Breakfast was chaos. Interestingly, 6 unfortunate guests were stuck in the lift and the staff were oblivious until we told them[even with an alarm going off] Would not like to repeat this experience!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Awful	If it werent for the fact we were only here 1 night and we had paid in advance we would undoubtedly have checked out again. The room was filthy and the shower room almost unuseable. I have stayed in typical London B&amp;B's before but after this one I felt like I needed fumigating. It was minging and I barely slept thinking about the state of the place. I am still itching now. (4 days later) It was alike to a youth hostel not a hotel. Breakfast was ok but when they ran out of crossants and we asked for more it was met with a dissaproving grunt. stay away.	
Feb 16 2009 	Really Comfortable Stay!!	I stayed here on Valentines day. Really comfortable beds, had a brilliant sleep! As for the breakfast, didn't try this because we opted for lay-in(!) but the room seemed lovely and clean.It does face a main road, but this didn't really affect us, you couldn't really hear the roads. The room is VERY small, with a tiny wadrobe and bathroom (more like a wet room) but if you're not here longer than about 3 nights then you will be ok!	
Feb 13 2009 	Worth to stay here if you are on a budget	Before I went on a short getaway I read some of the reviews which weren't too good but the pics on the hotel's own website looked fine plus the price for a Lodon central location was also good. The hotel is in a nice central area and the reception area was very clean, contemporary and all the staff were very friendly throughout the stay. The double room we booked was very small but clean and refurbished and we only wanted to spend the night there anyway. The breakfast in the morning was really nice and we could eat as much as we liked, so if you are in London and on a budget and are not planning on spending a lot of time in the room, it's worth giving this hotel a go, we paid less then £50 for B&amp;B, there are a couple of tube stations nearby as well as all the shops, pubs and restaurant one would need.	
Jan 14 2009 	Not very nice	Checked the website before visiting but was very disappointed, Room was on 3rd floor facing the pain road....very hot room so had to keep window open which meant very noisy all night. Bed extremely soft and not very clean. Old TV on a high shelf which was sitting at a precarious position. Ensuite was like a plastic box in the room with a door....shower tray was very dirty as though someone had been dyeing something in it. Toilet very noisey fro ages after flushing. There was even a sizeable gap at the bottom of the door between that and the floor, could see people walking by. Floor creaked constantly.Didn't sleep very well and next morning on leaving, lift was out of order. Went down the back stairs and all the way down the carpet was covered in horrible stains. Had i seen this first I wouldn't have stayed. Rooms are nothing like on the website.Male Reception staff asked quite personal questions when checking in and with being a lone female - This was a bit uncomfortable plus the english was not very good so hard to understand.I would not recommend staying in this hotel....for the area you are in there must be nicer places nearby	
Jan 4 2009 	Comfortable place	Grate location, close to Victoria and Pimlico Stations. Bus 24 which took us to central part of London.A staff in the hotel was very friendly and helpful. We were very happy with breakfast and room. I can truly recommend this place to anyone.	
Dec 18 2008 	Never again!!	Where to begin... the reception is literally held together with ducktape. And be warned, the rooms look nothing like the samples on the website. The beds are so soft they're more like a camping bed. The &quot;ensuite&quot; is a cupboard you step up into which then floods when you have a shower. There is only single glazing, so you can hear everything going on outside. I finally got to sleep at 4am!!! I would have had breakfast but all I could smell was burning so decided against it. I couldn't wait to check out!! 1 night was more than enough. I would never, ever, recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 15 2008	Never repeat this mistake of staying at Central House Hotel when visiting London	On arrival in our room late in the evening (No 56) we found that the central heating was not working there was one electric heater supplied by the hotel in the room. The hallway was a lot warmer than our room. After complaining another electric heater was bought to our room which did not make much difference. We asked to be moved to another room but was told there was non available and the hotel was fully booked. After ten minutes the main light had water leaking through it which resulted in water dripping on one of the beds. We decided that we could not stay in the room and we wanted to be moved, after taking our belongings to reception and much ado we were finally moved to another room. Which ultimately was not a lot better but was warm and there was no leaking lights.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone I know and certainly will not make this mistake again.	
Dec 15 2008 	Good hotel to stay in London	Its bit weird to see bad reviews about this hotel. I stayed in this hotel for 3 days and really enjoyed by stay. First of all the location is good because its very close to the victoria station. I have travelled all over london and it was very easy for me to travel to any place at any time. I have used the public transport, as usual london is very busy. I have taken buses and underground trains to see my clients, it was very easy to travel. The staffs were very friendly, they informed to me that refurbishment work is going on in the hotel and apologised for any inconvinience. I would say the great advantage for business people they give free Wi-Fi Internet. Its very good and they kept my room nice and clean every day.The price was reasonable, i think its worth to pay to stay in this hotel. The pimlico station is nearby and victoria station is located just few minutes walk from the hotel. I recommend this hotel especially for the business people because of its good location and friendly staff.	
Dec 11 2008 	Good enough	I freaked out a little when I read the other reviews about this hotel because I had already booked it and had no chance to find another one.I must say that I had a pleasant surprise when I saw the hotel. The reception smelled of paint but everything else was OK. The woman who attended us spoke to us in a perfect Spanish to make sure we understood her.There was a lift that seemed new.We had a room in the basement (room 4), next to the room were breakfast was served. Although there was noise during the breakfast hours, it wasn’t excessive. The room looked like the ones on the website. It was extremely hot inside (too much heating) and we had a window that faced the street which at first we thought it may be insecure. It wasn’t at all because Belgrave Road is a safe place.The cleaning was OK, except in the bathroom where the cleaning left a lot to be desired. The bathroom was extremely little. The shower pan was at the level of the floor and the shower head was fixed, so when someone had a shower the bathroom flooded.The breakfast was OK. There wasn’t much variety but there was enough for everyone.The hotel was close to several bus stops, the stations of Pimlico (the closest one) and Victoria and it wasn’t too far away from Buckingham Palace.Overall I liked it a lot but it’s true it’s too expensive for it’s value.	
Nov 25 2008 	Hotel from Hell!	Booked via Superbreak - not particularly cheap and really poor value for money.The bedclothes in the first room we were offered were liberally sprinkled with pubic hairs and we were moved to another - less appealing room - but with clean sheets.Overall impression was that everything was slightly grubby and there was a reluctance to touch the taps or walk barefoot!Long overdue refurbishment in progress so Reception operating out of a broom closet at present.Breakfast room badly laid out so there was a scrum every morning, and we had to ask for bread, milk, eggs, etc. to be refilled. Again everything felt grubby.Needless to say we won't be recommending the hotel or staying here again!	
Nov 25 2008	The only advantage is the location.	Very small rooms, rooms even in the basement be carefull before you go there.The bathroom was very small, like a bathroom of a ship. No lobby at all because of renovation. No internet access for the customers in the building. It was the worst hotel I've ever been. How did they got three stars??? The only good thing was the staff of the hotel which was very helpful.	
Nov 18 2008 	Room 52. The Gateway to Hell.	OK so I know what you're thinking - it's London prices. It's a budget hotel. So it's never going to be the Ritz, is it? But I'm fairly sure even the waste disposal area at the Ritz is going to be a step up compared to this.I thought I'd list the hotel's 'features' and you can decide for yourself whether to book yourself in or perhaps look elsewhere.Reception area - Has obviously been wittily refitted in a retro 1970's style (surely?) Bus station meets youth hostel. Service was swift but I suspect mainly to keep people moving and not give anyone the chance to complain anymore than they were already.Corridor areas - In a sheer stroke of luck Room 52 is in the basement allowing a fully exploration of the hotel's corridor system. It turns out those carpets weren't actually patterned. It was stains. And handles on doors are so last year. I can fully see their point. And what's this? An outside corridor? How exciting. It's raining but in a corridor? Look on the bright side though you'd be perfectly safe in a fire. Something this damp is never going to burn.The Room - Obviously the card swipe system wasn't working. And obviously all hotels need a healthy gap between the door and the floor allowing clear conversations between you and any other lucky guests who are walking by. What's this? A laminate floor? A patterned laminate flo .... Oh no ... My mistake more stains. Thrill at the creaks as the floor shifts as you move across it. Be amazed at how anyone could fit a floor this badly. Watch out for the rotten bit by the radiator. Again - on the more positive side - no one is going to creep up on you in the middle of the night.The bed is comfy and clean - which is just as well as it's just about the only part of the hotel that is. The furniture has seen better days and there's an odd bit just above the bed with a badly nailed on (it fell off) hardboard cover. A little later on that evening it became clear what that was ...Anyway onto the bathroom which possibly is the only one I've been in where you have a serious risk of being dirtier coming out than when you went in. Rot on the door frame, mould on the walls. But the shower .... It was amazing. Rather than risk giving the staff something extra to clean the hotel has decided just to use a shower tray. Someone perhaps needs to point out that it's quite hard to keep water in the shower tray using fresh air alone. Mind you, to be fair, there was a lot of hot water. Sadly mainly on the floor.So back to the bedroom and the mysterious box above the bed. Turns out it's the soil pipe from the room above. Some people prefer the sounds of whales singing, some people count sheep and others think of little fluffy rabbits as they drift off to sleep.And me? How many pints had they drunk in order to have a wee that long? Sleep tight.	
Nov 12 2008 	Worse hotel I've ever stayed at	We booked this hotel via Superbreak. I can assure you there was nothing super about it and it wasn't the setting for the romantic break I'd envisaged. It was £94 for one double room with continental breakfast. Despite requesting a room on an upper floor when we booked, we were assigned to room 52 which was in the basement - accessed by a dirty corridor and several sets of stairs. There was a window on one side - through which you could see and hear people walking past on the street. The blind was wonky and didn't fit all the way across the window. The floor was laminated wood effect, with dirty marks all over and creaked where ever you trod. The room was at the beginning of the corridor to the other rooms in the basement area so there was a lot of noise and shutting of doors from people going to their rooms beyond ours. The room was cold - the radiator didn't work but there was a plug in electric heater. The bathroom was tiny and frankly the worst I have ever seen (and I've stayed in some skanky places) - there was mould, flaking paint, rust, a cracked basin, dirty taps. There was no bath, but a shower tray that was so shallow you could only have a quick shower or else the tray would have overflowed as the water didn't drain away very quickly. On the plus side I have to say the shower was powerful and there was plenty of hot water. There was a tiny tv on a wall bracket - binoculars would have been helpful - and a small 'wardrobe' without sides - so basically just a front and a back and a rail with one coat hanger. We did complain twice (immediately once we saw the room and again before we went out for dinner) but were told there were no other rooms available. The man on reception said he'd speak to the manager later (apparently he wasn't there at that time) and get back to us but never did (and we stayed out as late as we could). We took some photos of the most offending bits of the room on our mobile phone and showed them to him - he said he was sorry but reiterated there was no other room to give us and they were very busy , there had been a mix-up with some rooms earlier and it was his first day back off holiday and he couldn't do anything about it. The worst part of the whole experience was the 'box on the wall above the bed' that we discovered later, after getting into bed (and the bed itself was actually very comfortable), turned out to house the waste pipe from a room above. I won't go into detail but suffice to say we went to bed and were greeted in the morning by sounds that no-one should have to endure. They may as well have been going to the toilet at the end of our bed. I am not overly fussed by many things but I had to put the pillow over my head to stop myself gagging. We didn't hang around to sample the continental breakfast so I can't comment on that. Needless to say we're taking this up with Superbreak.	
Oct 4 2008	Satan's favourite hotel	Where shall I start, well I booked this hotel through Expedia and paid well over what the horrible dive was worth. I arrived at reception and like all crap hotels they had made mistakes with my booking.After 5 minutes of tinkering with the computer and sifting what looked like a collection of papers marked with coffee rings they found me a room.Room 55, it may as well of being in another part of London. This room is located in another part of the hotel and is accessible by going into the basement and then coming up about 4 flights of stairs at the other side, all broken up by ridiculously narrow doorways. The walk to the room was grim, disgusting hallways, the carpets didn't match any of the way, not just different patterns but completely different colours and not particularly well laid.The room itself was still in the care of the cleaners when I arrived. I think they were having some kind of tea party because my bathroom certainly wasn't clean. The wooden floor in the room looked like something you would find in student housing. The blinds on the windows were scummy to say the least, my partner had to climb on the bed and roll them down from the roof because the cords were broken. The TV was a portable thing on a bracket in the corner and the wardrobe was 4 pieces of wood screwed together, a rail running across and no doors. There was no number to telephone reception, probably to avoid the compaint calls. The only saving grace was the bed which was comfortable. The bathroom was the worst I've ever seen and I've seen some real[-]. The floor wasn't tiled and if you took 1 step forward from the toilet you would be in the shower basin. I have seen better bathrooms on camp sites.Would I stay here again? Maybe if I was homeless, pennyless, saturated from 40 days and 40 nights of relentless rain and it was free. Until then not until hell becomes incredibly cold.Anyone planning on booking this hotel I would advise you to really think again, unless they're paying you to stay!	
Sep 20 2008 	Very much liked the location of the hotel.	Very much liked the location of the hotel, both Victoria and Pimlico tube stations in walking distance. Also, lots of nice bars, restaurants and shops in the area.Stayed 2 nights. However, try not to stay in the basement rooms!... I had a double room, not far from where breakfast was being served. Room was small, but was expecting that, as so was the shower. The thing that was unbearable was the heat and how dark the room was. Alothough we didn't spend much time in the room. Morning you could hear the staff walikng past preparing breakfast, with heals on their shoes hitting the floor. Then the chatting, the first morning I was awaken by &quot;You must be [--] joking!&quot; which made me shout out that I was trying to sleep. Still the banter went on. Breakfast was fine and simple, continental, staff and service was very poor. No plates or dishes out. I had to search the cupboards. Also a nice coffee menu on the tables, but no avalible, plus it was a machine which only vended hot water, with sachets of Nescafe. Second day I went to a Restaurant just around the corner, two huge breakfasts with coffee and orange Juice just £14.00. I have attached a picture. Will see if I can get the name of the restaurant. I was observing other guest entering the breakfast room, some and the all were not sure if to sit and eat or wait. Would have been nice to have a member of staff at hand to welcome people.Overall great clean hotel, shame the service could have been a little better.	
Jun 23 2008	Good Value in London; Easy Location	We stayed here for one week during our vacation to London. Our goal was to find a reasonably priced hotel in a good location, and this fit the bill. Upon check-in, we were assigned to an impossibly small room on the second floor - the bathroom was practically 3'x3', and there wasn't really even room to walk around the bed.I noticed that there wasn't a room safe, so I went down to the desk to ask. While I was there, I asked if there were any larger rooms available, and the desk clerk happily moved us to a MUCH larger room on the first floor. That room had a little hallway right inside the door, with a large bathroom, desk and lots of room. Much better!The breakfast room is a little chaotic, as the area where the food is located is cramped. And, they need to buy another toaster or two. There was a line every morning! Staff was friendly and accommodating. Location-wise, it's an easy walk or bus ride to Victoria Station, and there are several restaurants nearby. Overall good value for the money - just ask for a larger room when you check in!	
Jun 18 2008 	What I Expected	Absolutely what I expected!Needed to be in Westminster on business, and wanted something nearby, cheap, and clean.I got something very near Westminster, cheap, and overall pretty clean.Gripes? Not really, I paid under £100, and thats what I got.Bathroom cubicle is amazingly small, but works.Was on the first floor, and the traffic noise was a bit of a problem.Would I stay again? Yes, if it was a fleeting visit.	
Jun 16 2008 	Nice hotel overall quite satisfied with it	We read about horrible stories on cheap hotels and mananged to find the middle-price range Central House.Overall we were happy with the hotel. The rooms were small but ok. The shower, however, is really small and the water spilled over to the toilet bowl and the floor got really wet which was annoying. The location, although is about 10 mins from Victoral Station, is rather hard to find on our first day as the address of other buildings on the same side of the road are rather &quot;messy&quot;. We nearly thought we walked the wrong way. After the first day, we had no problems going to-and-fro the station. The plus points are, they provide kettle for boiling water, which we were told are not provided in most Europe hotels. The breakfast, though simple, is good enough for budget travellers like us.I would recommand this hotel for travellers who want a simple and yet affordable hotel. The location, which is near to the Victoral Station is already a major plus point.	
May 12 2008	Nice and confotable	I stayed 4 nights. Everything was clean and working well. The hotel stuff was friendly and helpfull they even offer me to print out an easyjet boaring card (free of charge). They had an Ice mashine in the reception. The single room I had was in the basement. It was small but confortable. The bathroom was big enought and had a badtub what is great after a whole day of walking (to relax and sleep well). I had a none smoking room. My room had a smoke detector. Please don´t try to smoke inside non smoking rooms, one morning a guy started smoking inside of the room and he triggered the fire alarm waiking up everybody. If I have to go to London again I will try to stay in Central House.	
May 11 2008	Adequate Stay ...Great Location	We stayed for 2 nites, at first we were allocated a room thatwas just too small for us and our volumious baggage.we talked to the desk and they advised that most rooms weresmall ( and our was also noisy as it was to the front) but a fewwere slighly larger, we were allocated a room to the rear of the hotel which was a lot better for our &quot;caravanserai&quot; and a lotquieter.The following morning we went down to the breakfastroom in the cellar which was fairly crowded,but the breakfastoffered was more than adequate ( boiled egg, cereals, toast,muffins. pastries,assorted teas and coffee)In all we found that the hotel was spotlessly clean, adequatelyserviced, reasonably priced for LONDON.By far the best feature was its location ,a 15 min walk toVictoria train/bus station.Also the area had a large variety ofpubs and eateries to choose from.We will use this facility again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Unimpressed	Six of us stayed in this hotel for my parents' Ruby Wedding anniversary in February 2008.When we first arrived it was before check-in and we just wanted to leave our luggage. The receptionist simply gave me the key to the luggage room and sent me to the basement without even checking who I was.The location of the hotel is good (between Victoria and Pimlico stations) and the price was reasonable for London - we paid £72 a night for “double rooms”. However......- Size of the room: the room my boyfriend and I were given could not be called a double. There was hardly any room around the bed and we had to take it in turns to unpack and get changed. See the attached photo and you’ll see how little room there was around the bed, and I took the photo with my back to the wall. I did mention to a member of staff that really we were paying double room rates for what could only be describe as a single, and she just smiled at me and walked away. My parents and my brother and sister in law had better sized rooms, however all of them had the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen. As my Dad said, the bathrooms are bigger on North Sea Ferries.....- Cleanliness: the room wasn't all that clean; the shower curtain and bathroom door were dirty, and there were big cobwebs on the ceiling. I don't think the carpet was very well hoovered either, but in all fairness to the cleaners they probably couldn't fit the hoover in the room anyway.- Electrics: looked a bit dodgy- Service: I asked the hotel to chill a bottle of champagne for me to celebrate my parents' anniversary and they were unable to help. We also asked to borrow an iron only to be told the only one they had had been borrowed and they couldn't remember by who so were unable to get it back for us. Having said that, we would probably have had to do the ironing in the corridor as a board wouldn't have fit in our room (seriously).Breakfast: this was ok and there was plenty of it, just not the freshest food or the best quality (tinned fruit, croissants were a bit chewy). The kitchen area was tiny and people were falling over each other to get to the fridge or get cups of coffee.Other: there we no hooks anywhere in our room, so nowhere to hang our coats, and no hooks or towel rails to hang up our wet towels. Also, the safe in the room was £2 a day - I've never had to pay for a hotel safe before.So all in all we were unimpressed. I know you can't expect a 5* hotel for that money in London, but I still feel the service and cleanliness could have been better, plus a few additions to the rooms (a towel rail, for example) could make a real difference. Plus I still feel we were ripped off by them calling our room a double.	
Jan 25 2008 	Ok for us but glad I want there for two weeks.	We stayed two nights and went to see Wicked (me, the wife &amp; eight year old daughter). The hotel is fantastically situated for the Theatre, Victoria Station and the bus. In fact there is bus stop right outside the door, and unlike previous London visits we used the bus the most this time. The hotel is also near a range a nice restaurants and shops (the mexican was rather good and welcoming). So no faults with the location at all.The hotel is basic and budget and definately no frills but hey thats what we paid for and lets be honest we were out of the hotel at 9.30am each day returning at 11pm.Check in was fine and we were on the top floor. We had an attic room that consisted of two single beds and a double bed (You can see it on the website). The beds were realy comfy or we were realy tired - we decided to have a bed each!The room was not huge but was big enough for us. The bathroom was quite small - I have been in bigger ones in caravans! The bathroom was like a sealed unit with shower, sink and toilet all at the same level (a little like a wet room). I was surprised the tiny room did not flood during showers but it didnt. The only strange thing we found was that it felt like the bathroom was swaying when you were in it and that was without any drink!Now for the moan:When we got to the room there was a very strong smell of paint and the bathroom door was a bit tacky, so just had been done. Also the room window was open and would not close. This was not a problem as it was small and we needed the air due tot he paint fumes! The room lock had a lot to be desired Im sure a hard kick would have sufficiently opened the door.Breakfast was ok a bit of a tight squeeze as everyone was lined up around the single toaster but there was plenty of other stuff to eat such as serials coissants etc. Dont be late though everything gets put away on the dot! We went down about 9.15 and there was no bread for the toaster but as they were about to close up (9.30) they would not put any more out.Radiators in the corridors seemed to be on full pelt (It was like Dantes furnace) but hey if they hadnt been on I would probibly be complaining it was too cold! In some things hotels cant win :)All in all it was a budget hotel, a budget price, comfy beds and a fantastic location. Not my choice of hotel if I was staying for a fortnight but if I was to stay in London for another 2 or 3 nights I would consider staying here again.	
Jan 15 2008 	Quaint and Comfortable	This was our first stay in London and we took a gamble and arrived in London with no hotel reservations. We did quite well with a lastminute.com booth. VERY HELPFUL and we use them whenever we are in London for renting a cellphone to other odds and ends. We got our room for a very great price!The location is a little of a walk from Victoria station, but we made it just fine luggage and all. The outside of the hotel is charming. White and the area is great! Nice neighborhood, parks around, and you are within walking distance to Buckingham Palace. Quite nice!Beware though if this is your first stay outside of the US...rooms are very small! No kidding...the bathroom includes a shower, loo, and sink that are all about the size of a bathtub at home...BUT...for the price, the location, for us it was great!There is a nice breakfast downstairs in the mornings, also nice luggage storage room. However, it is very possible to get lost in all the hallways and doorways.Our rooms were very clean and beds were nice and cozy. The room was just what we needed, simply a place to crash.I would recommend it to anyone, as long as they are ready for a small room with just the necessities. Great price, great location, nice safe area, cute shops all around, and don't miss out getting some fresh bread and cheese just a block or two away!	
Jan 10 2008	Fine hotel for the price in the area	Paid 70 per night here for 2 nights online rate. Had room 105 which was nice and spacious with a window that opened, and a decent sized bathroom up a few stairs. The room had been done up, but not the bathroom which had dirty and missing grouting and cracked tiles, but was clean so I had no problem with it. It seems that the rooms in this place vary a lot, so the best advice is to ask to be moved if you are not happy with your room as they will most likely have a selection. A friend of mine here stayed in a single room which he said was totally unacceptable - he is tall and said that the room was about the length of him, and that he could turn on and off his TV sitting on the bed! Staff are friendly and there is an OK contintental breakfst. Extremely convenient area for city centre attractions and Victoria station (Gatwick).	
Jan 2 2008 	Location excellent hotel satisfactory but slightly disappointed	Very much liked the location of the hotel, both Victoria and Pimlico tube stations in walking distance. Also, lots of nice bars, restaurants and shops in the area.Slightly disappointed by the photos displayed on the hotel's website. It made the whole place look bright and airey which it wasn't. The photo used to displayed the bedrooms (bright and modern) definitely did not reflect the room I stayed in so maybe only some have been refurbished.The first room we were placed in was in the basement which was very unusual with the only view of the corridor which leads to the breakfast room. No natural light and very claustrophobic. Asked at reception to change and they obliged. This time we were put in a room on the top floor. The window was very high so we had no view but at least we had natural light so we were happy. The room was very small but appreciate that is generally the case in London, however it all seemed to be pre-fabricated. The floor was wonky so you felt like you were tilting. The bathroom was very small and if you sat on the toilet your knees poked into the shower cubicle and the shower pressure was very very weak. The TV remote didn't work (probably because it was made by a different manufacturer than the TV itself!) but that wasn't too much of a problem.However, absolutely no complaints with regard to cleanliness of the room, the maid service or the reception staff.All in all, for the time I stayed there (two nights) the hotel was fine. However perhaps our expectations were a little high (especially as we paid £180 for our stay).	
Dec 23 2007 	Fantastic Location	Me and my friend stayed here in a twin room, for 2 nights as we had a weekend in London. The rooms are on the small side but were fine for our length of stay. Most impotantly the rooms were clean! The staff were friendly. The hotels location is fantastic. Close to lots of really nice bars and restuarants and only a short walk to Victoria Station. I would definatley use this hotel again for a weekend stay in London. ;)	
Dec 5 2007 	Enjoyed the Stay	Read previous reviws after having booked this hotel and was concerned I had made an unwise choice. Hotel was clean and comfortable. As previously reported the roms were small but adequate for the one night stay. Reception staff were frienly and helpful. Breakfast was enjoyable. Location ideal, within easy reach of Victoria station.	
Dec 2 2007 	Smallest. Room. Ever	Booked this for weekend away with friends as was near a hotel they were staying in, plus was in budget as had to book in advance so limited funds. Was very worried due to bed bugs reported in reviews previously on this site but that was not a problem. Not a bed bug in sight (and yes I did check under mattress!) The problem was size of room. Stayed in room 402. Was the smallest room i have ever stayed in!! Do not bring a cat as NO room to swing it. Had to sit on bed if mate wanted to walk round bed to get to bathroom! yes, 2 of you cannot stand up and move around, it was that teeny. And the bathroom?? No lock on door (mmm.. lovely!) and was a teeny sink, toilet and the shower was just a curtain you pulled over a corner of the bathroom. Seriously, if you have long legs they will be in the shower area when you are sitting on loo. It's THAT tiny. Plus shower went hot and cold and the water just dribbled out. Also there would be no way I could of opened the window as really high up. (or turn the telly on)Also prepare to be woken up whenever someone in another room goes to the bathroom. The extractor fans are amazingly noisy!! The room was clean and looked newly decorated so on that side was a plus. Considering i got it on special deal I would have been gutted to have paid £100 for this room per night. Left a day early and booked into another hotel because they was no way we could of stayed in that room for another night.	
Oct 13 2007	Clean comfortable 	Clean, comfortable &amp; definitely NO bed bugs. I was in room 308 &amp; My Mum 108. They were single rooms but with a double bed in. Not much room for moving round, but a clean bathroom, and clean comfortable bed there is not much more you need. New Carpets &amp; Curtains in our rooms.I can understand anyone who is unfortunate enough to get a room in the basement why it would be less than satisfactory, A lot movement of staff and luggage goes on down there. I asked for the room not to be cleaned as we were only there 2 nights and after reading someone's comment on here about staff stealing, I thought it better if I asked them not to come in. There were 4 towels in the room anyway so there was plenty. I even put some talc on the back of the door handle so I could tell f someone had been in and they hadn't. They actually left a nice note under the door saying that as per the 'Do Not Disturb' sign they had not entered but if I needed any more, towels, tea/coffee or bathroom supplies to contact reception. I thought that was a nice gesture.Check in was easy, the room as brilliant for budget, I could see the London Eye from my room and you could hear Big Ben in the distance (if you had the window open). The Central House Hotel really made my trip pleasurable. I would not hesitate to book with them again next time I go and recommend to my friends.	
Oct 12 2007 	Fine - nothing more nothing less	I stayed as part of a party of 6 over in London for 1 night to see an event. We found the Central House within walking distance (10 minutes) of Victoria having come in on the Gatwick Express (though it's closer to Pimlico tube).The rooms were fine, and at about £50 per person for a twin room, we couldnn't find much better value in the area. The hotel was uninspiring, but at the price we had nothing to complain about. The beds weren't excellent and I would have had issue if I were staying there more than a few nights. But as it was, the place was ok.Continental breakfast provided. At no point during our stay did we encounter one member of staff for whom English was their first language, and we were unable to communicate with some members of staff at all.	
Sep 18 2007 	Put a policeman into the lobby!	Stayed at the hotel with my wife for 9 nights in August 2007. It was o.k. except for the fact that they steal your things from your room. Ours was #101. On the night on the eve of our departure we found out two pair of shoes bought a couple of days before by my wife had disappeared with boxes and receipts from the shops in London. The hotel wasn't exactly interested in helping to find the missed things until we contacted local police station (registered on Aug 23). The last night in London was completely spoilt, of course. To our great surprise, the next morning, already in the Gatwick Airport, we were informed that the room maid had mistakenly removed them as &quot;garbage&quot; but the hotel was ready to send the shoes anyway, by mail to our hometown in Ukraine. Which it actually did. Thank you very much for a great service, indeed!	
Jul 30 2007	Just loved it	I've just loved it! I've booked a twin room and they gave me a triple room instead (no extra charge). The room was really clean so was the toilet. Not too big but it looked just like the pictures on their website. The staff was really nice and helpful and the breakfast was great (croissants, butter, jelly, milk, juice, fruit...). The location is also great, about 5 minutes walking from Victoria Station. This hotel really improved my London experience and I recommend it for everyone.	
Jul 13 2007 	Ruined our London Experience	We spent 5 nights at the Central House and hated it. The room felt unsafe as it was at street level with windows that didn't properly latch. Our room and others that I saw were very crowded with nowhere to unpack and little room for suitcases. The bathroom was tiny and became completely soaked with each shower. The housekeeping staff used lots of air freshener, but didn't seem to do much cleaning. The extra roll of toilette paper stored on top of our toilette was moldy. The beds were uncomfortable and we had street noise all night long. This hotel made it impossible to relax after long days of sight seeing.	
Jun 3 2007 	Bare Basics	We stayed at the Central House Hotel for 2 nights, and it was the bare basics. It was a great location for trekking around London, as we did everything on foot, and found it to be totally doable. Breakfast was also decent, and gave us the energy to cover lots of ground. However, they were lacking in most other amenities. The remote control to our television didn't work, and when we spoke to the front desk about it, they were unable to do anything but put it on a list for the maintenance folks. This, apparently, was the case with the second room in our party, so I'm doubting if any of the remote controls worked. This wouldn't have been that bad, except that because the rooms are tiny, the TV hangs in the corner of the wall and made changing the channel or even turning it on and off a bit complicated. The second room in our party had an issue with a broken bedside lamp, that again was added to the list for maintenance. When we came back after a day on the town, and found that maintenance had done NOTHING to address the remote controls, nor the lamp, we mentioned something again to the front desk. It turns out that maintenance is only there in the mornings, and would not be returning until the next day, though we were not going to hold our breath for these issues to be fixed. They were not, by the time we were checking out.All in all, this place was fine for a place to crash at the end of a busy day in London. Absolutley nothing fancy, but nothing disgusting or harmful either.	
May 25 2007	Prima !	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in may 2007. We booked this hotel via internet (via the website of our fly company). The price was one of the lowest which we could get. So we were not expecting so much... But, we were surprised. The hotel from the outside looked fine. The reception looked a little bit boring. The staff were very friendly. The rooms were recently renovated and were very fine and clean (not so big, but big enough). The bathroom was clean as well. The breakfast was very good (over standard for what we have tried at other hotels). The location was very good as well. We landed at Gatwick. From this airport we took a nonstop train to Victoria Station, which lays at the same street as our hotel (just about 8 minutes walk (with luggage)). Close to the Thames. Pretty close to the center (we walked once, for the rest we took the subway).So, we can recommend this hotel to others.Ps: we had a room at the third floor. There are also rooms in the basement and i can imagine that these rooms are not so fine as the one we've got.	
Mar 5 2007 	Cheap cheerfull 	Booked the hotel last minute, so not a lot of choice. But for what we paid it was an exellent location - inbetween two tube stations and walking distance to the centre of Westminster. The room was basic - but then we didn't spend much time in there with our eyes open. Breakfast was basic, but enough to keep you going to lunch time. The staff always had a smile for you too. If you want more, go up a couple stars (and a couple price brackets!).	
Mar 2 2007	Flea bites and over-charged!	Yesterday I stayed in room 307 and now I've got flea bites all up my arm! Lovely!!! Also, watch out for the hidden over-charging... I booked the room on-line with my credit-card - but then they asked for cash when I arrived... And they asked for MORE money than I booked on-line???I can't believe I paid extra, but I was tired and it was late! I won't be staying there ever again, and I recommend the same to you!	
Feb 22 2007 	Close to everything!!!	This was my first experience of London hotels. I stayed there at the beginning of February.The staff at reception were most helpful and did all they could to have a room ready early for me as I had arrived on a 5.30am flight from Australia.The room was on the small side. I had been told to expect this of London hotels, so this was no suprise. I had only paid 39 pounds a night, so my expectations weren't too high. There was room for 2 single beds, a small bedside table and some hanging space. The tv was mounted on the wall.The room clean, as was the bathroom. I was worried about bedbugs after reading previous reviews, but there certainly wasn't any - it may have something to do with the fact that there was a plastic covering on the mattress!!!! That was about the only thing I could complain about....The bed sounded like I was sleeping in a crisp packet everytime I moved and the sheets kept slipping off the bed.The breakfast was adequate and had alot more choice than I was expecting.I was on the second floor and it appeared my room had been freshly painted and renovated.I loved the fact it was so close to Victoria station - although I walked around London most of the time. It was central to everything.All in all, a good hotel considering the location and amount I paid for a room.	
Feb 11 2007	Great base for a London getaway	I stayed here for 6 nights in early February and found it exceeded my expectations. As another recent review stated, the reports of bed bugs concerned me but my room was extremely well kept and quite comfy. My room (208) was, like most London budget hotels, quite small but it had a double bed, TV with 5 channels and the bathroom with shower was just right. Water pressure was great but the hot water didn't seem to keep up with the morning demand. Showered at night and had plenty. Perhaps it was because my room was a little out of the way but I rarely heard any noise from other guests and would have thought the hotel was empty if it wasn't for the crowd at breakfast. The staff was always pleasant and my check-in/check-out experience was the simplest and quickest I think I've ever had. By the way, Pimlico Tube station is closer than Victoria and much less crowded. I booked a package through Virgin Vacations and paid less than $90 per night. I'm very satisfied with my stay and would defintely stay there again.	
Feb 5 2007 	OK!	The hotel was ok but we did have a few problems. We were in room 4 and the lift is right beside us so the noise was unreal (especially in the morning when there was people coming down for breakfast. There was also a door outside our room where the staff would come in and out off. They would let it slam every time, this could be at any time of the night. If you are a light sleeper as I am do not get this room, my friend had no problems as she is a heavy sleeper and slept through it all. The breakfast was nice, but twice we went down to empty baskets with no bread, muffins etc. All in all, the hotel was clean, shower was v small but clean, and the staff was friendly. This is basic but nice, just a little noisy!	
Jan 6 2007 	Small but OK	We stayed in this hotel in december and first I was afraid because I read all the reviews about bed bugs. But there were definitely NO bed bugs in our hotel room. The room was small and the bathroom was quite tiny too but everything was clean. Staff is very friendly! So we had a really nice stay at central house hotel. Also the location is very central. It`s only a short walk to victoria station (it takes about 5 minutes). Only one criticism: The breakfast-room is too small. You have to be in early/late to get a seat. To cut a long story short: I would stay again in this hotel !!!	
Dec 9 2006 	I am covered in bed bug bites.	I am covered in bed bug bites. Enough said.	
Sep 18 2006 	More bed bugs	We stayed at this hotel on the14th, 15th September, we were originally offered an awful room in the basement, smelly small dingy with a view of a broken fridge. bars on the window etc.We refused this room and were given another only to find that this room had BED BUGS. Management unconcerned and so we checked out.. Luna and Simone two doors down good value,clean and much much better.	
Aug 24 2006	Centrally Located Idea For Visitors and Business	I m frequent traveller to London and Central house is ideal place for its location . Staff is very friendly and check in and checkout process is very professionalI like central house for the location .Highly Recommended for Visitors.!!!	
Jul 27 2006 	One night was one night too long	Small, smelly, dingy room. Shabby, stained furniture. Filthy windows. Plug stuck in the sink. Water leaking through cracked tiles in the bathroom floor. Colour TV...but not the usual colours. Very creaky bed. Ominous smell of smoke in the corridors. Tiny depressing breakfast room with grubby cloths and floors not cleaned since the previous day. Lumps of mould on the bread piled up for toasting. Builders' debris in corridors, broken lift. OK it's not very expensive in a city full of overpriced hotels, but even so it's shockingly bad value for money. The only plus point was a friendly receptionist. As a UK citizen I am horrified about the impression we must give foreign visitors by licensing places like this.	
May 29 2006	Nice stay but very very small	Centrally located (only a few blocks from victoria coach and victoria station). Nice friendly staff :o) It was clean and neat, however very very small (closet size room - especially bathroom) If you only use this as a base home (for sleeping), then it's good, but not for hanging out.	
Feb 12 2006	Bed bugs and all!	I recently stayed at the Central House Hotel Victoria and will never do so again. The reviews I read about this hotel (through another on-line service, not tripadvisor.com) were very favorable, it was in a good location (5 min. walk from Victoria Station), and the rates were competitive - so I booked it. All was fine until I went to go to sleep and found ticks (both large and small) in my bed. I called the front desk person who came up to assess the situation. After showing him the evidence, he basically said there was nothing he could do. As it was very late, there was nothing I could really do except ask for a new pillow and sleep curled up at the foot of the bed on top of the sheets! Further discussion with other hotel staff the next morning proved fruitless. The only compensation they offered was a 10% discount on my next stay, and the argument that these things happen even at 5 star hotels. I would advise looking into the many other hotels that line this same street.	
Feb 5 2006	Clean Acceptable City hotel	I stayed here for 1 night last weekend, and after reading some of the below reviews were pleasantly suprised. It took a little while to find but i think this was mostly down to our bad map reading skills. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and our room (10) was very clean and tastefully decorated, if small. The 'wetroom' style bathroom was tiny, but how much room do you physically need to shower??The only potential problem in the room was the temperature, but a portable heater already available in the room soon solved that. breakfast was very good given the price we paid for the room, with a choice of cereals, yoghurts, cheese, boiled eggs, muffins, toast, tea, coffee and juice. As previously mentioned the breakfast room is very small. I'd reccomend this hotel for a short break in the city, it maybe not so ideal for families or older travellers, but we (3 20something girls) found it fine. Bookers would do well to keep in mind the star rating - don't expect the ritz and you'll be fine.	
Nov 30 2005 	Small but clean	i was worried by the previous reviews but booked, contacted the hotel by emai and said &quot;please, a clean room&quot;. it was clean, but small. but only 1 night stay for business so Ok by me.very helpful staff.	
Nov 2 2005	Absolutely awful!!!	I booked a six night stay in this hotel due to the fact that I was able to get a good money back deal via my credit card. Also a friend had stayed here earlier in the year and he had recommended it to me, whilst warning me that the room may be small. When I arrived at the hotel I noticed that it was indeed quite small. I was booked into Room 12. I had to go up two flights of stairs, to a part of the hotel that the lift did not serve. When I finally made it to my room I was dumb struck. The room was tiny, miniscule even. There was not room to swing a cat. There was a lumpy single bed pushed against the wall and cigarette stained carpet, wardrobe and very old looking table and chair. There was no socket in the room either, therefore it would have been impossible to charge my mobile. As for the bathroom it was dingy, small and very run down. As described previously it was an all in one effort, the shower is beside the toilet and sink, with no shower curtain. The tiling looked as if it was from the 1960's. It was brown, and there was definately no crome on the fixtures. The toilet would not flush properly either. I went out for the evening and returned later. The much vaunted location of the hotel close to Victoria station is a myth. The walk from Victoria is atleast 10 to 15 minutes, as is the walk from Plimlico. The Underground lines serving Victoria staion are quite poor also, in my opinion. At night the situation is exaserbated by having to go through Victoria mainline station to exit. The night I was there the area was full of beggars, I did not feel particularly comfortable walking to the hotel. Also Belgrave Road is on quite a pronounced slope, which would not be good for anybody with a heart complaint. I stayed the night and got up at 7.00 am, which was lucky as the fire alarm went off at 7.15 am!! I did not eat breakfast.I went into the centre of London and booked a room at another hotel. I went back and collected my things and checked out, 5 days early, much to the surprise of the staff. What frightened me was that I saw signs for Room 100+. I can only guess that the owners have attempted to turn every closet space into a room. The hotel is a fire hazard, and is a disgrace. Do not stay here, at all costs. I couldn't wait to get away from it.	
Sep 6 2005 	Great hotel in Central London	I would reccomend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in Central London - this hotel was great value for money and the location is fantastic. The staff were very helpful and all in all it was a thoroughly enjoyable stay.	
Jul 25 2005	Not Recommended	Where do we start..... Staff was not helpful when we needed directions, needed an iron, and on and on. The rooms were small and smelly. Carpets need to be cleaned. The shower, well, the corner of the bathroom with a curtain was small. The short walk to Victoria station is the only redeeming quality.	
Jun 12 2005 	Worst hotel in London	Just back from a two night stay at this hotel. I was visiting London for a conference and was booked in via my work travel company. I looked at the hotel on the internet and thought that it looked ok but nothing could have prepared me for what I found. To start with, I couldn't find the hotel and phoned to ask for directions - the receptionist with a foreign accent couldn't give me directions. Finally, I arrived and was given a key to a room on the Lower Ground floor which I struggled to find. A prison cell would have been bigger, the net curtains were grey and dirty, carpet stained, furniture full of cigarette burns, bathroom grotty and the room smelled. My view was of a dirty courtyard and the old wooden framed window didn't seem to close properly. The only saving grace was that the bedding was clean. When I did get some sleep I was wakened off and on all night by the lift going up and down. As for the continental breakfast, I didn't get any during the two days - with only 8 tables the breakfast room was full on both days and you were not allowed to take the food, crockery or cutlery out of the room so hard pressed for time to get to my conference, I didn't get to sample the breakfast. One thing which really worred me was the lack of information about the fire regulations - the basement was like a warren of small corridors and the only advice was to make yourself familiar with the fire exits, not to use the lift and where the assembly point was. Where was the floor plan? In a fire, I don't think I could have found my way out of this hotel.	
Jan 31 2005	Is the gummy bear still there?	Stayed here for five nights in November 2002. Blech. Our room was located through 14 (yes really) doors, down an alley in another building. Dirty Dirty Dirty. I guess the staff didn't think it was necessary to clean our room, since the green gummy bear on the floor just inside the door when we arrived stayed through our entire stay! Our sink leaked, and the bathroom was a modular unit -- you could sit on the potty and take a shower at the same time. The room was so small that there wasn't room to lay our suitcases flat on the floor to open them.The location is not that great -- a walk from Victoria or Pimlico stations. Internet cafe is clear up at Victoria.The little convenience store across the street was robbed while we were there.The continental breakfast consisted of the worst juice I've ever tasted (worse than mcdonalds) and bad cereal--not even the Muesli staple was offered. Oddly there are some okay rooms in this hotel tho -- my parents missed their connecting flight and arrived sometime later than we did. Even though my husband and I arrived several hours earlier, the staff wouldn't move us even when we asked &quot;we're all booked up&quot; (we looked young enough to hike the stairs I guess). My folks' room was accessible by a lift, and was at least 3x the size of ours. It was a much cleaner room, a fact we blamed on it being more accessible than ours. The bathroom was modular, but normal sized. Their only complaint was that the floor sloped, and there was no shower curtain. Think bad Motel 6.So would I recommend it -- NO. But if you get this in a package (like we did with (---)) demand to be in the main part of the hotel where it's cleaner -- no travel through alleys.	
Jan 19 2005	beware of bed bugs	I was thinking of calling this review &quot;the worst hotel ever&quot; but decided our title was more applicable. My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the hotel for five days. We found the hotel on hotels, and unfortunately it was rated about 3 of 5 stars. In our opinion, it barley rated a one. Our first room had bed bugs; and we were forced to change rooms. In our second room , the heat did not work properly and there were many instances when we were without hot water. To make matters worse, our second room also became infested with mites The management was uncaring to our plight , and did nothing to make our stay more enjoyable. Please avoid this hotel unless you want to include in your cost of travel multiple trips to the dermatologist. If it were possible to rate this hotel lower than a one I would.	
Oct 23 2004	Cannot Recommend Central House	My husband and I stayed at this hotel several times and had good experiences and therefore I wrote a positive review of it. Now, however, since we stayed there again this summer and had an awful experience (having to do with the cleanliness of the hotel), I feel I must inform other travelers. I wrote to the hotel regarding our experience and waited a few months for some kind of response. Since I have heard nothing I can only conclude that customer relations are not a concern for the hotel's management. Since I had written a positive review earlier, I feel responsible to let other travelers know that the hotel has degenerated since then and I cannot recommend it.	
Oct 5 2004	My base in London		
Sep 15 2004	About average for this area/price		
Aug 9 2004	Hotel? You Must Be Kidding...		
Jun 12 2004 	Great staff		
Jun 8 2004	Life IS full of compromises . . .		
May 11 2004	health hazard		
Mar 19 2004	Great location not so great rooms		
Feb 2 2004	Pleasant stay		
Dec 10 2003	Never Again!!!		
Dec 3 2003	It's ok		
Nov 9 2009 	assolutamente terribile		
Oct 31 2009 	Pufff sube baja escaleras pasillos puertas		
Aug 28 2009 	très bon hotel		
Mar 3 2009 	Menuda panda de ladrones		
Oct 2 2008 	6qm inklusive Nasszelle		
Jul 26 2008 	Meglio un giorno in meno ma in un hotel decente		
Jul 18 2008 	PUNAISES		
Apr 4 2008 	Defekte Abstellkammer		
Mar 26 2008 	correct		
Mar 12 2008 	disgustoso sporco..........		
Feb 13 2008 	Das Central House Hotel war das Allerletzte!		
Oct 16 2007 	Seguro que es un 3 estrellas en Inglaterra.		
Apr 24 2007 	bien situé propre		
Mar 27 2007 	Me robaron dinero.		
