Oct 10 2009 	A good base for London sightseeing	Located a short walk from Paddington Underground &amp; Railway Station, the Omega Hotel is a good base for London sightseeing. Plenty of restaurants and bars nearby. Breakfast (incl in the rate) adequate. Helpful staff.	
Apr 28 2009	Worse hotel we've stayed at!!	OMEGA HOTEL HYDE PARK. Small hotel, chosen because it had car parking facilities and close to St. Mary's Hospital.Pokey little room, with en suite in corner. No Bath, just WC sink and shower. Noisy extractor fan. Bed very uncomfortable. Could feel springs digging in back. No tea making facilities. No hairdrier. No lift. Only good think about our stay was that we only had to stay one night. Staff were friendly.	
Oct 25 2008 	Basic clean functional and friendly service - oh and everything works...	I stayed here for two nights because of its relatively low rates and proximity to Paddington, to get me into Heathrow quickly. I write his review bearing in mind the cost and quality of other hotels in London.Sussex Gardens is located about a 5-minute walk from Paddington Station and is easy to find. The guy at reception was very friendly and dealt with check-in smoothly. Note you have to pay the bill upon check-in.I was on a high floor and there is no lift, which is common in these period buildings. Note that the stairs are narrow and steep. Again this is common with buildings of this type. I had a single room and it was tiny. Apart from the single bed there was not much space for anything else except for a small desk, with a 14 inch TV with freeview channes, a tiny slot in shower/toilet/sink cubicle and a small wardrobe. The room however was clean and quiet. The bed, in which I slept vey well, was comfy, and sheets replaced every day. The ensuite cubicle really is tiny but at least the room has one. In London, for this price, showers and toilets are normally shared. The shower is so small about a third of my body protruded out past the shower curtain, and I am not fat! The toilet is almost adjacent to the shower as is the sink. However, though the water pressure is a little low, it all worked and there is constant hot water. There is one (1) small towel and you get two tiny bars of soap and a tumbler. The tumbler was dirty with toothpaste on the bottom.The TV though small had most Freeview channels which was good. There was a rather large fly and wasp that I killed in the room but only because the window was wide open when I got into the room. Breakfast is quite nice. Again, much better than the usual fare one would get in hotels in this category. In the basement there's a cosy and decent sized dining room with an adjacent kitchen with a couple of friendly and welcoming female cooks. You can help youself to cereas, juices and fresh coffee. Plus a whole rack of toast each and an Ebglish breakfast (which comprised two fried eggs, two bacon, about 20 beans and a tinned tomato). It was filling, tasted good and was served up by the ladies with a smile.Check-out is simply a case of leaving your key card on reception. No fuss whatsoever (there are no mini-bars, restaurants etc at this type of hotel).From Paddington Station you can easily get into the West End (Bakerloo Line) or other places in London. Hyde Park is not far away at all.In summary, though the rooms are small and basic, everything works, the place is clean, comfortable and the service is friendly. For that reason I recommend this place for those on a budget.	
Jul 15 2008 	Omega Hotel - good value accommodation	This is a small hotel in a good location - close to Paddington station and short walk to city centre. Our room was small but very clean and there was adequate storage for a short break. The bathroom was tiny but again, spotlessly clean, and the shower was always hot. Good English breakfast, and friendly, helpful staff. Only criticism is having to climb steep stairs, but overall good value for money, and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2007	Avoid Omega Hotel	This hotel is the worst I have ever stayed in. I am writing to complain big time about this hotel. We had a terrible experience in this hole of a hotel. The beds were miserably uncomfortable, the pillows were like rocks and when someone came into the neighboring rooms, it sounded like they were entering ours. On top of all that, the manager was the most miserable, rude, nasty, inhospitable person I have ever come across in the hospitality industry. He turned it into the inhospitality industry. When I inquired about charges for local phone calls, not only didn't he give me a straight answer, he hung up on me! Unbelievable. Whatever you do, don't stay at this hotel and warn your friends.	
May 16 2007 	Very Quaint and Affordable Hotel	Arrived in this quaint hotel June 2006 for 3 day stay. We found the staff most accommodating and friendly. The manager very easy to chat to and get information about London.The Hotel was in a great location for access to the underground and Hyde Park and there are a number of tourist attractions within a reasonable walking distance of this Hotel. (Lords, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park, Mayfair and Parklane and Sherlock Holmes Museum to name a few)The beds were comfortable and the breakfast was more than adequate. We spent most of our time walking and catching trains and buses during the day on this trip so we just wanted a nice clean and affordable place to set down at night.I would recommend this place to anyone else.I guess anybody can have at least one bad tale to tell but this certainly was one of the better hotels we stayed in during our european vacation.	
Apr 8 2007 	Basic but clean and close to Paddington Station	I was looking for a hotel for one night close to Paddington so I could get the Heathrow Express early in the morning. It is in Sussex Gardens which is full of such places, but it had the best room rate I could find (£59 inc breakfast). First impressions were a bit iffy - reception is a small basic room inside the front door, but I was efficiently checked in and had a room on the first floor with a double bed, wardrobe and a very small shower room. Take your own soap/shampoo as there is not any provided. But the towel was good and large, the bed firm and everything very clean.Breakfast in the basement was quick and unexpectedly good - full English (despite website saying continental) with juices/cereals/ bacon-egg etc.Check out was immediate as payment taken by card the previous evening.The Omega is a relatively (for London) cheap option for a short stay. Paddington Station is less than 5 minutes walk away. It does the job I wanted of it.	
Aug 24 2006	Perfectly located pleasant budget B	My son and I stayed in a twin room for two nights. Although we were quite surprised at the small size of the room, we realise that this is quite common for a city B&amp;B. And although the bathrooms were small 'pods' in the corner of each room, there was everything in it that we needed. The room was clean, and fresh, and the staff extremely helpful and friendly. The cooked breakfasts went down very well with my son who now expects eggs &amp; bacon every morning. The only thing that put me off a little was the strong smell of bacon coming into my room at 7am (but then I'm a vegetarian so I'm sure most people would welcome it). Overall good value for money, in an absolutely perfect location for Paddington main station and the tube, one stop via tube to Bayswaters Whiteley Centre (and cinema), and Kensington Park is only a 5 minute walk away. Would use it again.	
Aug 17 2006	Don't go there!	Don't even think about booking a room here. I did, arrived to check in with my booking reference number and was told by the totally unapologetic or sympathetic immigrant manning the desk that there was no room booked for me, or one available, i.e. tough[---] Two hours later they sent a cancellation email to my home address (60 miles away!).I've not heard a dicky bird of an apology or explanation for the situation. Avoid!!	
Jul 31 2006	Basic but sufficient (sort of)	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. Overall I'd say the hotel was not worth the money, as you can surely find cheaper and more worthwhile budget accommodation in the same area. On previous occasions I have stayed in nearby hotels that were more pleasing and less expensive. Granted, a budget hotel in central London serves a very specific purpose: a place to sleep and shower. This hotel served that function very well. We slept comfortably and had a fully-functioning shower. Luckily, we are not picky hotel guests, otherwise we would've been quite dissatisfied with the overall value for money spent. For example, we (like previous reviewers) received only one towel, and the glasses in the bathroom were disgustingly dirty. They were not replaced during our visit. I'd like to know if they were replaced at all when we left. The hotel staff were very friendly and the location is ideal for exploring the city. Doubt I'd stay here again, but I have no major complaints.	
Jul 18 2006	Not Good	We were put on a 1 persons bedroom (each day there was only 1 towel and the maid was surprised there were 2 poeple on the room because it was only used for 1 person)with 2 persons at the front. We requested a room at the back. Breakfast is horrible (for the english one, continental is non existent). All springs in the bed can be felt when lying down.	
Mar 14 2006	Small but lovely and great staff	8 of us - 4 couples - stayed in the Omega, for 3 nights. The hotel and staircase was small, well everything was small, but nice. For 3 nights it was more than enough. The bathroom was clean, but I felt myself in a motorhome. The staff and the receptionist was great, helped in everything - also showed a place near the hotel where we could drink some more beer after 11p.m. ;) The breakfast was same every morning, typical English breakfast, but it was tasty, and we liked it.Altogether we enjoyed our stay, and had a great time.	
Sep 21 2005	No good experience	I stayed there one week in September 2005. Some comments:1) People who want to book directly at the hotel and not via an internetsite where price and modalities of payment are clear, should be aware that in the information leaflet of the hotel ist written:&quot;Credit and Debit cards are accepted but please note that there is a 5% service charge on all payments.&quot;2) Breakfast-time is 7:30-9:00 weekdays and 8:00-9:00 sundays.3) Breakfast is substandard for an english breakfast: a choice of cerals, milk, orange juice, tea or coffee, 2 toasts, 35 white beans in tomato sauce, 2 slices of bacon, 1 peeled tomato, 1 egg. When a guest asked shyly for grapefruit juice, the answer was: No grapefruit juice.4) The bed-linen was never changed during the week I stayed at the hotel.5) Since they have key cards, do not expect anybody at the reception in the morning before 8:00.	
Aug 4 2005	Small but nice	Really nice place with extraordinary friendly staff at the reception desk all the 24 hours. It is a small hotel with small rooms and even smaller bathrooms, but everything needed is there anyway. Our room was clean and quiet with a nice view and fine beds. The breakfast is english but with a lot of cereal , cornflakes and stuff - that is no one has to go starving into the steeets of London. No good for people who have problems with stairs.	
May 28 2005	Good Value Hotel	This is a good value hotel. The rooms are clean and the bathrooms are adequate. The only drawback was that there is no lift - so be prepared to climb many steps possibly with luggage. Again, for the price is is a good value.	
Oct 23 2004	No complaints	We stayed 3 nights at the Omega and found the staff to be friendly and professional. The room was small and yes the bathrooms are tiny - but the hotels on sussex gardens were not built to be hotels.The breakfast was good, but for some reason no sausages were served! The hotel is clean, warm and in a good location. I'd stay again if I needed a budget place to crash while in London.Overall it's not a bad place.	
Sep 18 2004	Excellent location 	We just spent two nights at the Omega. The location is wonderful - close to everything. The staff was outstanding, very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was very good, hot and prepared very quickly. But the room was just too small. And the bathroom really does remind one of an airplane.My husband and I realize European hotel rooms are normally smaller. But this was the smallest room we have ever experienced in all the years we've traveled. We were also disappointed we were not given fresh towels but instead found them draped over our bed to dry. We spent our days and evenings touring London, checking out local pubs and enjoying the tube system. As I said, the hotel is in a wonderful location and the staff was very helpful. So if being crowded doesn't bother you - it's a suitable place to stay.	
Jul 16 2004	disappointing	My son and I just returned from our trip from Europe. We spent 8 nights at the Omega. The location was great and the breakfasts were made to order. The woman preparing the meal was overworked!! Only ONE towel was provided for each of us, each day. One day they took the ones off of the floor of the washroom and wanted us to use them again!! No face clothes provided. It was difficult to wash your face in the sink, because of the glass ledge over the sink. The washroom itself felt like you were in an airplane, it was very small and difficult to take a shower because of lack of space. It also felt like you were moving. You really have to experience it for yourself. To top it off, I ended up with bed bug bites!!! I told the owner and he said &quot; I guess I'll have to fumigate it when you leave.&quot; We would have found a different hotel, but I had unfortuately paid up front. Also, there was only one small mirror in the room itself, and only one outlet!!! Makes it difficult when you want to dry and straighten your hair at the same time. Definitely not worth the money spent. It was 65 pounds a night. Fortunately we did not spend a lot of time in the room, we had too much fun exploring the beautiful city of London.	
Sep 26 2009 	eroscetticamisono trovata benissimo		
Jul 15 2009 	Bien situé		
May 11 2009 	hotel "essenziale"		
Nov 29 2008 	Estupendo para una escapada		
Nov 3 2008 	Excelente!!!		
Jun 27 2008 	Repetiría sin dudas		
