Oct 16 2009 	Vile	I was booked in under recommendation from Olympia, but I will be suggesting they take this off the list as it was utterly horrible. I will give the plus points first. Good location not too far from Gloucester road underground. That's it.Now the not so good points.Dirty rooms, cleaned up to the point the cleaner could reach we assumed (about 5'6&quot;). Curtains not attached and in my associates room the curtain did not cover the window leavinng huge gaps. I complained and they said they would fix it but they didn't. I stood on the step on the 2nd night and watched the RATS plural, cavorting on the front steps! Back and forth, up and down the alley next to the hotel and within 3 inches of me! The breakfast was poor, and there was a towel on the floor next to our table to catch the leak coming from the ceiling! They also cocked up one of our numbers booking and he ended up over the road in another hotel. He definitely got the better deal though! They were rude and unhelpful, I assume from being used to being shouted at.AVOID AVOID AVOID!	
Sep 17 2009 	Value for money hotel	We selected Derby Hotel in Kensington based on its location. We were not disappointed for its value for money. This was our second trip to London and had stayed in the same area earlier, though in a 4 star hotel. The hotel was just two minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station which has easy access to what a tourist would like to visit. Piccadilly line takes one direct to Heathrow in about 40 minutes. Reception staff was very friendly, check-in was very quick. We were given a room with a comfortable double bed overlooking their private small garden, so it was away from main road traffic noise. The bathroom was clean. Tasty selection of breakfast was served in their restaurant and was included in our rates. Overall, we had a lovely experience with Derby Hotel in London.	
Sep 6 2009 	Lice Lice Lice!!!!!!	Great location in Kensington. Thought we booked Quality Crown Kensington, but they pulled a switch to this place across the street (owned by the same company). Surly desk staff. Ratty furniture in the room. Mostly clean bathrooms except for the floor around one of the toilets (I cleaned it myself because I could not bear the thought of what the &quot;stains&quot; were). We had a quad room (one double bed and 2 twin beds). Both of the twin beds had LICE, LICE, LICE!!!! How revolting! We saw several mature adult lice and lots of nits. This ONLY happens if: (a) the linens are improperly laundered; or, (b) the bedspreads and/or mattresses are infested and have NEVER BEEN CLEANED. Judging from the poor condition of the bedding and the upholstered chair, I would suspect NEVER CLEANED. Surprisingly, the double bed was free of lice as far as we could determine.Have stay in many, many places and NEVER encountered LICE before. WHEN I SPOKE TO THE WOMAN AT THE FRONT DESK SHE ACTED AS THOUGH SHE DID NOT UNDERSTAND THE WORD &quot;LICE&quot;. Truly horrible. We had to launder everything we brought at high temperature AND we had to treat ourselves, lest we transfer these vermin to others.Claimed to have internet, but this was a lie. The only wireless internet was across the street at the Quality Crown, if you stayed in the lobby.	
Jul 15 2009	Derby Cromwell Rd. London: Give this London Hotel a MISS!	Date of Visit: April 2009Reviewer: Dublin Family, 2 childrenReview: The Photos of the bedrooms on their Website are not of the bedrooms we were in. I checked the other bedrooms, as I thought we may have pulled the short straw. We were in 3 bedrooms over the 3 nights! Broken showers, lack of light bulbs, traffic noise, general grubbiness e.g.cigarette holes in the 'dining room' chairs. Work men in our bedroom fixing the curtains while we were in the bedroom!Reception's explanation was 'it is a 3 star' what did you expect?We paid for 2 out of the 3 nights and got the immpression that people frequently haggled about the price.We have been visiting London for years and when I was a student I stayed in cleaner, better, accomodation.	
Jul 4 2009	Avoid at all costs	If I could give no stars, I would.I have just returned from London where I spent four days at this 'hotel'.I choose this place based on previous users comments, boy, was that wrong.My son and I were there during the three hottest days in June and it was sure misery. The tiny, cramped room was street side with the never ending traffic noises blaring right outside the window 24 hours a day. The windows themselves appeared to be last washed sometime last century and only the bathroom one could be opened fully to allow some air to circulate.The refrigerator was non-working and when I inquired at the front desk, I was told all the refrigerators were non functioning!The free WIFI in the lobby happens to be in the lobby of the hotel ACROSS the street! The free in room safe costs 3 pounds an DAY! And housekeeping is a joke. I half expected to get some sort of skin infection from the toilet and shower facilities. The water pressure was minimal and water temperature was unstable.The kicker was when I went down to complain I was told I got this 'budget' room because I used a third party to book it (rejsefeber.dk) and had I booked direct I would have gotten a much better, non street side room!The food was tasteless and expensive to the point that when offered a free 'upgrade' to the 'full' English breakfast I declined. It seemed as if the food was reheated until it was finally eaten.Perhaps, this was a fine place back in the day but not now. Avoid at all costs, you will be happy you did.	
Apr 14 2009 	Decent hotel in a very good location	We stayed at The Derby Hotel for a total of 3 nights in February 2009. The hotel is situated very close to the Gloucester Road tube station which offers service on the District, Circle, and Piccadilly lines, enabling you to get to the majority of the top sites in the city. For the location, it was reasonably priced. However, we had some difficulty finding the hotel, as the directions provided on the website are somewhat misleading - the website says the hotel is located across from the Sainsbury's supermarket when it is in fact a good bit further down the road. Our room was decent with a clean bathroom, small television, and complimentary shampoos and lotions; however, it appeared that one of the bottles of lotion had previously been opened which was somewhat displeasing. The maid service was somewhat slacking, as our bed was never really made but rather the sheets were thrown up to the pillows. Our room was also located right across the hall from the elevator which was extremely noisy throughout the night.The breakfast that came with the room was good, but be sure to check if your room comes with a continental breakfast or a full English breakfast - the food on the table isn't very clearly defined as to which foods are included in each breakfast. The majority of the staff in the dining area were very pleasant, with the exception of the red-haired woman who &quot;greets&quot; you upon entering. She was quite rude and made us feel unwelcome.The staff at the front desk was helpful as they held our bags for the afternoon after we checked out; however, they all seemed extremely disinterested in their jobs. They did provide us with forks and plates one night when we wished to eat in our room. Additionally, our room reservation came with &quot;30% off bar drinks,&quot; but there was no working bar to be found in the hotel.Overall, our stay at The Derby Hotel was satisfactory - our breakfast filled us up in the morning and we had a bed to sleep in at night. Its great location helps to make up for some of its lacking qualities.	
Mar 20 2009 	Terrible	Nothing more to say other than it's one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed with. Not very clean, terrible decor, and very run down. Staff are not very friendly, and weren't willing to sort out errors. The only good thing is the location!	
Mar 17 2009 	Small Rooms	Hotel clean and fresh, reception staff polite and efficient but not very welcoming.Be careful though as some rooms are a single room (the head board shows this) with a 3/4 bed in and are used as double rooms so are very very small. It is a budget hotel so you get what you pay for.	
Mar 3 2009 	fair rooms good service good location	rooms are oldish, but clean and no &quot;bad suprises&quot;; 24h reception, friendly service, excelent neighbourhood, good metro service; meets expectations, nothing fancy, but does meet expectations.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great location - shame about the hotel !!!	Stayed at the Derby during February school hols with husband and 2 teenagers. We were given a basement room ( told by reception staff it was on ground floor ! ) looking UP to the front street - noisy but bearable. Sink in bathroom had a large crack in it, but could still be used and yes the curtains fell off when closed ! ( reported and fixed ) we returned to the room on the 4th day to find a huge hole in the sink - we were moved to the room opposite which was much better as it was overlooking the garden. Breakfast ok but with respect, the staff could learn to speak better english, couldnt understand anything we asked.	
Jan 23 2009 	Very bad stay....	We recently stayed in this hotel to be close to most sightseeing areas and our stay was pretty dreadful. The reception staff was unfriendly and rude, same goes for the breakfast-room staff (who could barely speak english). The room was dirty, the carpeting was ripped in several places. The hotel claims to have been fully renovated in 2007, but you couldn't see that from the dirty furnitures in the downstairs area and the room.The room was extremely noisy, no double-windows, you could hear the constant traffic all day and all night.The worst stay in a hotel ever, the hotel should be considered a 2* instead.	
Dec 13 2008 	Dreadful	My stay here was awful. We arrived just after 7pm, having booked this hotel as a way to break up Eurostar travel and then onward train journey home, the reception was unmanned, there was no bell to draw attention.After a few minutes a young man came from what I now know to be the bar / breakfast room, and gave us the key to our room. When we got there the first thing I did was draw the curtains, to block out traffic noise as we were on front of hotel and obscure the view in from the hospital over the road. At first I laughed thinking i'd overpulled the curtains, then it became obvious they were too small for the window, about a 6 inch gap. Having since read the reviews of other people on here, I know this is not uncommon. I went to reception and asked about this, if this could be resolved as the noise from traffic was loud and no way would I sleep. The man stated the room we were in was a &quot;very nice room&quot; and the ONLY other free room was a compact room. He gave me the key so I could have a look and yes it only just fit in a queen sized bed, but it was on back of hotel, yes the curtains didn't fit the window but not so overlooked. So compact it was.The next drama was when we wanted to go out to get a meal, we left the room only to find the door wouldn't lock properly, we hadn't been offered a key to the safe, so going out seemed like an improbability. We got it shut and locked in the end, but it seemed flimsy and nipped to sainsburys and back, didn't dare venture further.I tried to contact Easyjet who I'd booked with but couldn't get through, I desperately wanted to be reallocated elsewhere.The shower had a leak on the pipe and the toilet didn't flush first attempt, but we had a bed. And with the chain on the door we about managed a few hours kip.At breakfast I noticed the list that the woman who asked our room number showed more free rooms that just the grotty one we'd been put in, so I almost spoke to the suited man at reception who appeared to be a manager, but figured the best we'd be offered was an upgrade to the full english, or at worst case a complimentary stay, and I certainly wouldn't go back there.Not for me.	
Nov 18 2008	Pretty location and cheap budget hotel!	Derby hotel Kensington-Pretty location and cheap budget hotel!This pretty and cheap budget hotel was located in central London a few walk from Earls Court and easily accessible from the Kensington tube with many trendy areas over such as Kensington Gardens and palace to visit and London’s attraction for visiting museums and exhibitions are having easy access. Spacious Rooms were full facilities with TV, telephone and the things of one need to relax having electronic locks and I felt a comfy and safe place in the London and free from troubles of traveling totally because of inconvenient location. Was located on major attraction of London, a precious location I got here which I should acknowledge honestly. Continental English breakfast was good and free and I enjoyed it with hot tea (was not free) though I had to go out for taking my dinner sometime because the adequate lunch was enough to spare one full day for me. No complaints I got there throughout my living from any angle. So summing up I prefer this hotel for family because of its cheap budget and will recommend to other who are searching a fine place to spend their time in central London without the tension of high prices in the name of London.	
Nov 1 2008 	Is anybody in charge here or even interested ?	We stayed here for 3 nights in October 2008.First, the plus points. The location is within seven or eight minutes walk of either Gloucester Road or Earl's Court tube stations. You can be at any Central London location within 20 minutes of leaving the hotel. There is a good selection of restaurants between the hotel and Gloucester Road Station.We had certain grievances with this hotel. When we first entered the room we noticed one of the curtains was coming off its rail. It was impossible to close the curtain in the evening and during the night it fell down and woke us up. We brought this to the attention of the reception the following morning and were told it would be sorted out. When we returned early in the evening we saw that it had been taken away but not replaced. We reminded reception that we were without the curtain and again were told &quot;No problem blah blah blah&quot;.Needless to say nothing was done for the rest of our stay. Who knows whether or not the curtain has yet been replaced. This window was on ground level looking onto the garden and thus was a major issue.We did not sleep well because of uncomfortable mattresses as we could feel the springs.The corridor outside our room appeared to be the routine home for black binbags possibly full of laundry although we did not examine the contents. On arrival we had to move two of them to get past with the suitcases.The price included a full English breakfast which consisted of sausages, bacon, scrambled eggs, mushrooms, baked beans, tomatoes and hash brown triangles. This might sound delicious but it was not cooked to order but sat in heated containers as part of the buffet table. After the first morning we could not stomach that again and played safe with the continental.All in all, this hotel needs somebody to take charge and sort out some niggling problems. Guests should not have to prise up the bathroom sink plug with fingernails in the absence of a working plunger.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good location but not a great hotel	Visited London with my husband and son (age 13)and stayed at the Derby Hotel. We booked a family room consisting of a double bed and single. On arriving the hotel did not have a record of the room request even though I showed confirmation from the website. We ended up with 3 single beds in the room. The room was OK although a little dated and the carpet looked grubby. The curtains did not close properly so light came through at night. On the first night roadworks took place directly outside the hotel and because the hotel does not have secondary or double glazing the noise was horrendous and none of us got any sleep. But even worse the mattress on the beds was the worst we have ever experienced. Very lumpy and it felt as if the springs were coming through the material. We reported this to the receptionist the next day who did report it to housekeeping. The chambermaid put a cover over the mattress making them more comfortable for that night's sleep. So we were pleased with that - they acted promptly.Breakfast was the worst we have ever experienced. The continental breakfast consisted of cereal, some meat, toast or croissants. No yoghurt or eggs. An extra charge was made for a cooked breakfast. Not impressed at all.We will not stay there again. The accommodation was just too basic for the cost per room and breakfast was very inadequate. Also bad mattresses and awful curtains.	
Sep 5 2008	Beautiful and Elegant Budget Hotel	Stepping down at Kensington tube station, I asked a taxi driver to name a few of the best hotels nearby and he straightaway recommended Derby Hotel amongst others saying it is a budget hotel in Kensington with pristine elegance spread throughout. First not trusting the cab driver, I checked out with the rooms and prices and found that the driver was not wrong. The rooms were quiet spacious and most importantly neat and clean. I was offered good service and hospitality by kind and humble staff members of the hotel throughout my stay. Very good breakfast was served in the Hotel’s elegant restaurant itself with exciting discounts on bar drinks and special vouchers of W8 pizza lounge at Quality crown Hotel Kensington, just lying opposite. My major problem of having many cups of tea in a day was solved with the complimentary tea and coffee tray served in the hotel room which was serviced twice daily and was up to date with all the modern amenities and facilities one requires including 42” Plasma TV. This Derby hotel is just a few minutes walk from Earl’s court tube station, Kensington High Street and many museums and Olympia exhibition centre which provided extreme convenience to me by all means. I will always be thankful to the cab driver and will surely return back to this beautiful hotel which gave me topmost luxury and comfort.	
Aug 13 2008 	Booked the Derby but they sent us to the Quality Crown across the street	I booked a 5 nights stay in a family room for 4 persons, 2 adults and 2 children (12 and 9 years old), at the Derby Hotel Kensington for my family's trip to London. I booked directly with the hotel and informed them that we would arrive in the evening for check-in. I was quite surprised when we arrived to the hotel to check-in, because they immediately informed us that we were not staying at the Derby Hotel, but instead they had reserved us not 1, but 2 rooms across the street at the Quality Crowne Kensington Hotel, a 4-star property where they apparently have a relationship. I wasn't sure if this change of plans and the surprise of being switched to another hotel was a good surprise or not, as I have had quite a few previous experiences with hotels at 3 and 4 star levels in London and in London the star rating doesn't really mean as much as it should, unless you book 5-star then of course the hotel is sure to deliver what it should. Continuing, we crossed the street and proceeded to check in at the Quality Crowne. I was disappointed that our rooms were not connecting rooms, as with 2 young children in a large city, I would have preferred to have had direct access to my kids from my room. Instead we had to exit our rooms and travel between them via the corridor to see one another. The rooms were clean, except for one day, there was a dirty-stained comforter cover placed on my daughter's bed and a stained pillow case on my son's pillow, but Prashant at the front desk was very courteous and had both changed promptly while we were out for dinner. One morning we awakened to NO water in the hotel. This delayed our day, as we had to wait for 1 hour for the boilers to be fixed and another hour to have hot shower water, and during most of the break down time, we had no water at all, meaning unable to flush toilets or even brush our teeth. While waiting for the repairs we went ahead to the breakfast room and had a lengthy breakfast, and crossed paths with other hotel guests looking as rugged as us, like they just rolled out of bed, what could we do, so we just tried to make the most of it and eventually at 10 am were able to have showers and start our day. The hotel staff was very courteous during the boiler breakdown and I almost felt sorry for the young girl working the front desk, as she had been insulted by several guests because of the problem. Other than that we had a nice stay, windows are sound proof so one doesn't hear any of the outside traffic noise, as the hotel is located on very busy cromwell street. The Derby hotel across the street though must be incredibly noisy though, as there is apparently no A/C, because we saw guest windows open all of the time, windows that give right onto the busy street.All in all, I am disappointed that I can't give more feedback about the Derby Hotel itself since they switched us to another hotel, but I would recommend that if you book a room at their hotel to ask them to confirm if you'll be staying at the Derby or at the Quality Crowne across the street.As for restaurants, if you continue down cromwell street, about a 10 minute walk, towards Earl's Court, there is a large selection of small boutique style restaurants offering all types of cuisine from Indian to Thai, traditional, French, pub style and at reasonable prices, our personal favorite for the kids was the Gourmet Burger Kitchen.	
Jul 22 2008 	Wow we got the worst dirtiest room in London. Never again.	We booked the Derby based on the mainly positive reviews we read here on TA but man were we in for a horrible surprise.The toilet was broken, the TV tiny and the remote as filthy as I have ever seen. ,The room was so noisy I couldn't sleep until the traffic on busy Cromwell Road died down at about 2am (there's a busy Hospital across from the hotel) If the noise made it hard to sleep the springs poking out of the mattress made it impossible, When the sun came up because the drapes were too small to close completely light leaked in by the ton. The toilet seat was just sitting on the bowl, the hinges had rusted out. The hairdryer hose was torn.Worst of all this was the filthiest room I have ever stayed in. It appeared as if something had burned inside of the refrigerator box and coated the cabinet with a thin film of black ooze. The chair was a worn colour of wear and tear with the armrest blacked with dirt.There was garbage left in the hallway, the elevator was out of order... we left at 6am to check in at the nearby Quality Inn which was ironically was £ 15.00 a night cheaper than the nearly £ 100.00 a night we were paying at the Derby.There is hotel chain brochures in the lobby, but the Derby has failed the check list to be let in and I suspect will never be a part of the Quality / Comfort Hotel group.At least the desk was apologetic and while I was charged for the first night, the remaining nights were promptly refunded to my VISA card.Never again	
Jul 15 2008	Dissapointing Hotel	I was looking forward to staying at the Derby Hotel based on reviews but was disappointed after staying there for four nights.I'll start off with the positives. Clean hotel with decent sized rooms for London in an excellent location in Kensington, with plenty of restaurants and close to Earls Court Tube station.Now with the negatives. The staff seemed indifferent and bored when approached. The lift did not work for our entire stay. The curtains in the room were to small for the window so they did not block out all the light. The room was not soundproofed which made it difficult to sleep because of the traffic noise. (room was located on busy Cromwell road). If that wasn't enough, the bed was the most uncomfortable I have ever slept on, you would expect more comfort in a hostel bed.Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else in Kensington as it is a beautiful area.	
Jun 12 2008 	Good budget hotel	Very cute, clean hotel. Unfortunately the airconditioning has no individual controls and is set at a very warm temperature. Also, there are no screens on the windows so opening a window offers little relief. Quite a bit of street noise also.A good budget hotel overall, and very close to the tube.	
May 22 2008	Adequate hotel	Stayed at the Derby for 5 nights in March 2008. Positives - good location, close to tube station, plenty of restaurants nearby, good price for a London hotel, it was clean, and a simple Continental breakfast was included in the price. Negatives - I like peace and quiet and pitch black to sleep. Unfortunately our room was at the front of the hotel overlooking the main road and hospital - the windows were not double glazed so it was LOUD. Take your ear plugs and you'll be fine. Also, the curtains didn't meet, so might be an idea to pack an eye mask too!	
May 6 2008 	A Real Gem in a Great Location !!	I came to stay at the Derby Hotel because the places I usually stay were fully booked. It was obviously a very busy time but the staff were really very good - all of them, in my case, always calm, smiling and very helpful with the few questions I had.As others have mentioned, I found the hotel generally and my room very clean and, for central London 3 star, the double room was really exceptionally large and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom and the bedroom had everything I needed.It is obviously quite a small hotel and I can see why they refer to it as a &quot;boutique-style&quot; - it is nicely decorated in a sort of &quot;quirky&quot; way, the corridors are wide like an American newly built hotel and the restaurant on the ground floor, with its outlook over a lovely small garden (which guests can use, by the way) is really quite unusual in this standard of hotel. There is a sort of family hotel feel to the place, so that I felt quiet and relaxed when I was there even though the hotel was obviously full.The location of the Derby Hotel is extremely good - about 2 minutes walk from Earls Court tube station *Piccadilly and District Lines) and with the 174 (?) bus route really close by, so it was very easy to get to where my meetings were (edge of the City, close to Holborn) each morning and back again in the evening.Having compared the price with where I usually stay and what I know of London prices, I think I got a very reasonable rate, even though I was booking at the last moment at a busy time. So, don't be put off by their slightly 'gloomy' photos of the outside of the hotel. Once you get inside, it's lovely. Full marks !	
Apr 29 2008 	GOOD BUDGET HOTEL	Very good budget hotel. It has been repainted recently, so the hotel is very clean. Reception rooms are pleasant, and the indian manager very nice.We arrived a little early (12:00), but were given our room. I had booked a tripe with 3 separate beds. The room was nice, 2 windows, big enough for 3 persons. Only small problem: it overlooked Cromwell Road, and was quite noisy.Personnel was nice, except for a (probably) polish lady, who never smiled!Breakfast was ok, provided you were exactly on time. Dining room is on the 1st floor, and overlooks a small garden which is much nicer than basements dining rooms, often the case in London.Tube station 5 minutes away, and bus 74 in front of the hotel takes you to the center very easily.All in all, a very good unexpensive solution (90 GBP/night for 3 persons including breakfast and taxes).	
Apr 7 2008	Mixed Review	I booked a 6 night stay (room 402) in this hotel based on the previous &quot;star&quot; reviews. The good news -- excellent location; large bathroom, lots of hot water, good sized bedroom, mini fridge.The worst problem was the noise -- this hotel is situated on a major thoroughfare across from the Cromwell Hospital (yes, ambulances). If you insist on staying here -- don't book a front room,Advice for hotel - replace the holey sheets, the hairdryer held together with duct tape; the tattered and singed lampshades; and get rid of the black growth on the grouting of the tub. These are all fairly simple things to remedy and would make a world of difference as far as overall impression goes.Staff were fairly good -- some definitely friendlier than others. It was clean.  Definitely not a boutique hotel. Would not pay more than what I paid. ($114/night) and only if I had no alternative for the price range.	
Apr 6 2008 	Basic good price	We stayed here over Easter weekend and had a double room for my wife and I and a family room for my in-laws (2 adults, 2 teenagers). Great location near two tube stops 5 minute walk to each. Once on the tube its no more than 8 or 9 minutes to Westminister which is nice. Our rooms were nice and basic. Bathroom was clean and mini fridge was a nice bonus. The TV reception was poor, but we weren't there that long to watch much TV. Breakfast was fine, breads, yogurt canned peaches and some deli meats and cheese. We got a rate of 110 pounds for the double and 140 for the family I think, which is a good deal for London given its location and cleanliness. Desk staff helpful and friendly. They let us check in a few hours early which was good. I would stay here again, just remember its a small basic hotel, so don't expect luxury.	
Apr 4 2008	Worth money spent	Recently me and my friend spent two nights at Derby Hotel Kensington. The experience was not very bad considering it being a small hotel. The staff at the reception desk seemed to be very enthusiastic and were always busy helping guests. The location of the hotel was good, as was at walking distance from Earls Court and one more tube station, which has excellent connections to all the places in London, including Heathrow airport. Most of the important historic attractions of London are in this region and within easy reach of this hotel. We got a very good deal on the room rates, and they had included breakfast in the rates. The breakfast was well prepared and the variety of food catered to all tastes. We ate a large breakfast both days and didn't need to buy lunch, thus saved some pounds, which we used for shopping on High Street Kensington. The room was mid sized, with king bed, and running hot and hot water in the bathroom. The room was cleaned and linen changed every day, without asking, which was not expected from such a small hotel. The only complaint we had was non availability of air conditioning, which helps in maintaining the room temperature in both summer and winter. The heating arrangement was fine, so no complaint on that side. We will definitely use this hotel on our next visit to London and will also recommend to our friends.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great location	Arrived around noon to check in, and although the check in-time was 2 pm, we were able to get a room thanks to the very nice man behind the counter.The service we got at the hotel was a bit mixed, as the Indian(?) man made us feel very welcome, but not even a smile from the others.Location is perfect as the hotel is situated within a short walk, both to Earl's Court and Gloucester Road station. (300m and 500m).We got the room but was a little bit disappointed as the bathroom was very cold. Asked the other receptionist if they could turn the heat up, as the tiling felt like cold pavement in the morning, but nothing was done. The 230V plug in the bathroom for shavers was also disfunctional. Unfortunately, the water in the shower had to be running for at least 10 minutes before we could even feel any hot water. To get wifi connection in my room, I had to connect to the Premier Inn hotel nearby, as all the other networks didn't work, and is obviously not suitable for business travellers. The hotel had a computer in the lobby with Internet access available at £1 per 10 minutes.The hotel didn't charge us when we left our luggage in the back room when needed either.I can easily recommend this hotel to others, as the standard is much better compared to other hotels in the same price range.	
Mar 19 2008 	Good enough	If you're looking for a hotel to meet your basic needs, the Derby is probably a safe bet. Though our room (301) and the lobby could use a fresh coat of just about everything, the room was clean, quiet and spacious enough to make for a pleasant stay. The atmosphere probably won't compel you to linger, but we slept well and and the shower was great.Positives: very clean bathroom and linens, lots of hot water, comfortable enough bed, a tiny fridge (a nice surprise, though we didn't use it), space on three sides of the bed, good sized wardrobe to put away clothes and an out of the way corner for the bags. The location is quite good -- Cromwell Road is busy here and pretty bleak, but a couple of blocks east (toward Gloucester Road tube stop) you'll find a fantastic grocery store (Waitrose) with many prepared items, plus several coffee shops and pubs, ATM, and many nice shops. Continue east to South Kensington and street life gets even more interesting, and the museums (V&amp;A and Natural History) are just across the road. Negatives: street is a bit noisy, dark curtains didn't quite cover the window,TV was tiny with few channels and flickering reception, no clock, bathroom vent cover was missing providing for a creepy hole in the ceiling (see photo). We found the staff a bit indifferent. For instance, when we arrived at noon and hoped to check in, we were simply told that check in was 2:00 -- no bothering to check for an available room. We tucked our bags into the breakfast room for a few hours. Breakfast room looked nice enough, but we didn't eat here.We paid 75 pounds a night on Expedia, which seemed like a fair price for what we got (room, no breakfast). I wouldn't want to pay much more.	
Mar 10 2008 	Decent little hotel.	I have just returned from a six 6 day stay at the Derby Kensington. Have been to London several times with my husband, but this was first time on my own. I wanted a safe, central location close to the tube, clean room, good breakfast and quiet surroundings. All for an affordable price. I got it! My room was at the rear, on the 4th floor, overlooking other buildings, but was quiet and I could open the window for fresh air. It was a very small single. No dresser...no room for it! I learned to be creative storing clothes. Bathroom is adequate, lighting good, shower roomy. Window in room did not have a blind or drapes, just a white sheer, so light in the morning worked instead of an alarm clock. Computer access in lobby for a steep fee. Quite a few internet cafes close by, a better bet. Breakfast is plentiful, served in lovely surroundings. Hot breakfast available at an additional charge. Short walk to Earl's Court Tube, especially if you use back streets. Staff pleasant. There is no restaurant or bar, but you can pick up anything you would like, ie wine at the super market within walking distance.The Derby suited my needs, and I have no hesitation recommending it. Just don't expect the Ritz.	
Mar 9 2008 	Good Derby	Stayed at the Derby hotel for one night. Stayed in a quad room, one double, two single beds. Clean, spacious room. Location was fine, 5 minute walk to Earls Court tube station. Taxi from Leicester Sq to the hotel cost £12 at 1am.Good price, would stay again.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great little Hotel and Staff	We left a nightmare hotel in London and checked into the Derby for almost a week. The location was great and the staff was so friendly and helpful we couldn't have asked for better service. The room was spacious, clean and newly painted, very tasteful. It would be our first choice for accomodation should we return to London. Thank you to The Derby Staff for making our stay so great!!	
Dec 11 2007 	Definitely a thumbs up!	The Derby Hotel has recently been renovated and you can see it. It is clean, neat and overall a lovely place to stay. The double room we had was up to standard with the bathroom very clean and lots of complimentary shampoos, soaps and creams. There was also a kettle with coffees, teas, milks etc. Exactly what I would expect from a 3 1/2 star. The towels in the bathroom were in a good condition and the staff were friendly and helpful. It is very affordable accommodation especially if you look at the standard of the hotel and also the location as the hotel is really beautiful. You cannot go wrong in booking this. There was only one draw back though. Our room was facing Cromwell road, which is rather busy and I had trouble falling asleep. Bring earplugs just in case but overall a big thumbs up to the Derby Hotel!!!	
Dec 2 2007	Good price for location	The hotel in Kensington where we stayed recently was having old English charm and in prime locality. I had booked one double bed room in advance as we got very good price for the location. The room was large; my wife was happy with hotel’s atmosphere and surroundings. The staff was helpful in guiding us to nearby attractions, which were mostly walk able, if one enjoyed walking. There were many interesting places like Victoria Museum, Science Museum, and Natural History Museum. The last one was of particular interest to Mary, as there was huge section on dinosaurs and she is writing a paper on these species. We even did little shopping on Kensington High Street which was about 15 minutes walking distance. I will not recommend this street if one is looking for bargain prices. After a tiring day, the tranquil atmosphere of this small hotel gave us a homely feel, as was not too crowded. I will recommend this hotel to my friends, who are searching a quiet and nice place in London.	
Nov 5 2007 	Unique hotel	Beautiful quaint decor - spent quite a few evenings in the lovely bar. Extremely friendly staff and very clean feel to hotel (renovations have recently been done i think). stairs quite steep though so beware with kids	
Oct 29 2007 	Not what I expected	All reviews for this hotel state that it has been completely refurbished and reopened in August 2007 which was one of the main reasons we were happy to book it. Upon arrival all seems great nice reception area, lounge and restaurant. The room - if this has been refurbished in the last 2 months then they've obviously had some terrible guests in it. The door frame looked like someone had tried to break the door down - big crack to the side of it - carpet didn't fit and was threadbare. Curtains too small for the window - we had asked for a family room and our childs bed was place directly beside the window facing onto the Cromwell Road with road noise waking him every morning between 5.30 and 6am. The bathroom - which due to there being a problem with the hot water i.e. none, we didn't use - the hotel did arrange for us to go over to the neighbouring hotel (which involved crossing over the Cromwell Road) to use their facilities but this didn't make a relaxing time - had mould on the tiles. The one saving grace was the reception staff who were very friendly and tried to assist where the could with the problems they faced - we were offered one free english breakfast during our 3 day break to make up for the 2.5 days without hot water. The restaurant staff can only be called surly. I can say without a doubt that we will not be returning.	
Oct 28 2007	Old world style hotel.	This three star hotel in Kensington was made in English style, a different look with spacious corridors and rooms were nice and large in size. There was direct tube connection from Heathrow airport to get to the hotel. From Gloucester Road tube station, the hotel was few minutes walk. The hotel was designed considering families, had its own small garden, which was beautiful and soothing place. Staying here even we were able to visit London attractions and its few nearest places, like London’s main museum, Kensington Garden, Hyde Park and also up market Knightsbridge shopping. We enjoyed it all. A facility of tea, coffee and TV etc. in the room were available and few more things were also there but that were not of my utility. This was a beautiful hotel at a good price in a very good location of London. I will prefer this hotel again if I go to London again and will also recommend to all my friends.	
Sep 27 2007 	hotel not as bad as was made out	i stayed in the derby hotel last week and was surprised by the size of the room, as it was quite large. the bed was very confortable and very clean. though we were facing the main road the sound of traffic was only slight. tea and coffee making facilities were a nice touch and nice at the end of a long days trecking around the city. breakfast was minimal, but you had the option of a full english breakfast if you wanted, but at an extra cost.hotel was clean, and staff were friendly and helpful.the hotel does not deserve the put downs that other guests have given it.	
Nov 12 2009 	sympa comme hotel		
Sep 4 2009 	buona posizione		
Mar 20 2009 	??????????		
Apr 14 2008 	Una grande presa in giro......un incubo!		
Apr 11 2008	Non si può avere tutto		
Mar 4 2008	bon hotel		
