Nov 17 2009 	amazing value with a great location	I stayed at the albion house hotel for a weekend with four friends, our room was a good size which slept all of us. I have to say I have stayed in many hotels in London for various occasions and this hotel was really good. The staff are friendly and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. I would reccomend it and use the albion when I next visit London.	
Oct 26 2009 	Compact clean and very friendly	We enjoyed our stay at Albion House, this is the second time we have been. The room was small, however it had everything we could want, and was very clean. It is in a very quiet and convenient area near Kings Cross station. The staff are friendly and we would certainly go back again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent business or personal travellers hotel	The Albion is wonderfully clean and the rooms are all brightly decorated and modern with very clean en suite facilities.The staff are very friendly and accommodating and the locaton is ideal for getting around al areas of London.It really is excellent value for money.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great quality for a reasonable price	I have been staying in the hotel regularly as of May 2009. All I can say is - great quality for reasonable price, polite and helpful staff and superb location. My colleagues from our office in abroad are also always staying in Albion House Hotel when in London. The location is absolutely great - centrally based, not far away from main attractions. Great transport links as well. Would definitely recommend this hotel to people, who expect great service in a cosy hotel for a good price.	
Oct 20 2009 	Clean Close and Comfort! Value for money!	Close to Kings Cross (tube/bus/rail), friendly staff, the rooms are clean, OK breakfast, very good location, comfortable beds! Perfect stay for those who don't need a big lobby, mini bar etc Very close to all lines in London Underground. Nice park area. Central located, but quiet area.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location great value	Recently stayed at the Albion and just had to give it a reveiw after seeing some of the negitive comments. I shared a room with some friends on a girly weekend and we were very happy with the hotel. The room was clean, we had comfy beds and a modern fitted bathroom. It had all the essential bits in the room and the staff were really nice.For a very central base in London thats good value for money, it gets my thumbs up.	
Oct 14 2009 	Very pleased	I stayed with my wife and our young son we had a triple room which was a nice size and accomadated our needs very well, ground floor so was easy access esp with a small child and luggage, tv,towels,tea coffee facillites all supplied too, frindly staff and a great location for a short family break	
Oct 14 2009 	Happy	I stayed here at the Albion House Hotel for 3 Nights for business I am was very happy with my stay, nice sized room clean and tidy and all the pieces I needed ie tea coffee, towels hairdyer, also TV with free view which was great, also was able to work from my room in the evenings as there is free wi-fi connection which was even better would be very happy to stay again either for business or personal	
Oct 14 2009 	A top stay in a top place in a top town!	The Albion House is the perfect place to stay for a trip to London. It's 30 seconds walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras and only 5 minutes from Euston station. Central London is all on your doorstep. We didn't need to take a taxi all weekend!	
Oct 12 2009 	one of the best B	i've stayed there because it is very closed from the rail international station , St. Pancras. Once, the area was not really good and clean, but nowadays seems is changed due to the new station. Under my opinion Albion is the best bed and breakfast in the area.. considering London budget hotels are not really good comparing with other countries.I didn't expect the bed was so comfortable for what I paid... The room was also quite modern, maybe the bathroom was the oldest thing in there. Breakfast quite limited choice, but is normal being a B&amp;B...I reccomend it to everybody who's going to London for short period of time.	
Jul 22 2009 	Shabby but not chic!	Stayed at The Albion House Hotel for 1 night in July. We were a group of 3 female friends, we had booked a triple room several months in advance, and followed it up since then with several phone calls - including one on the day of arrival - to check the booking was still OK. Arrived at the end of an evening out to check in as arranged, and were given 1 &quot;double&quot; and 1 single room by a very rude night receptionist, meaning (a) we were separated (something we'd gone to great lengths to avoid as it was a kind of reunion night out) and (b) 2 of us had to share a very small double bed. Rooms were at the top of the house and very hot, bathrooms grubby, and the towels were a joke. My bath towel was a small, ancient, well worn towel absolutely full of holes! Needless to say we did not stay for breakfast in the morning. Put our complaints to the person on duty in the morning who pleaded ignorance and said we'd have to email the manager, who has not responded to any of these issues. Avoid!	
Jul 6 2009	Average/Acceptable barely	We stayed in 3 hotels on Argyle Square, and this one was the best of the bunch. Very small bathroom, but heated towel rack. Nicely decorated, although very small. Did not have a front desk - you must go to their companion hotel a minute walk away. Considering the area, didn't feel very secure that there was no one &quot;on duty.&quot; Breakfast was simply toast and tea. Would stay here again, if we had to, but wouldn't be thrilled.	
Jun 19 2009 	That was not a room it was a closet!	Before we traveled I read some of the reviews, and took my chances, and it was all they said and more!The check-in was in diferent hotel, when we arrived a no talking man, made us pay first, and only after it, he gave us a room key for the Excelsior Hotel, not for the Albion House.Our room was on the ground floor, and it was so small, that i can´t really descrive! I can only say that before I get out the bathroom i have to knock on the door and my boyfriend needed to get up on the bed, so I can get out! The breakfast was in Albion, so we needed to go outside, and it was only tea, coffee and toast.It was not a pleasant stay.	
Jun 17 2009 	Not as bad as we thought	After reading reviews on here we were very apprehensive about what we found here even had a look elsewhere but for the price and location we couldnt find anything. Location was great for St Pancreas and Kings Cross. We had to check in a the Melville which was accross the square this one didnt look as nice, we nearly we seperated as we had three rooms but we all got in the Albion. The Albion hotel was clean tidy , suprising how what you can get in such a small space ie bathroom shower, toilet and some have a sink in the bathroom the size of a wardrobe. Bu the overall thing that let this place down would be the breakfast which was included but might aswell not have been as it was a joke, choice of 2 cereals, chesse slice, hard boiled egg and white toast!!! So overall somewhere to put your head down alright.	
May 11 2009 	Dont go here	Have to check in at a different hotel down the road which is no problem and the woman was helpful.Rooms were ok......and thats the best bit!! Beds were uncomfortable but at least clean. Carpets were worn and dirty, kettle did not work, towels were old and frayed. I did not expect too much before my visit but did expect cleanliness.Service was non existent. Had to wait 15 mins to get a seat for Breakfast (room holds about 10 people). Then had to wait another 10 mins for our dirty table to be cleaned and new cutlery etc. Went to get some cereal but there was none left! (This was 8.45 in the morning and Breakfast only opens at 8). When I asked for some the lady did not understand me as she did not speak much English!! Eventually got some toast after another 10 mins but there was nothing to put on it! I asked the lady for some butter and jam. She came back with 2 satchets of Strawberry jam but not butter. I went back to her and asked for some butter or marg but they had none!! So, the choice for Breakfast was cereal, which they had none or toast, which they had no spread. Walked out and packed and then went back to other hotel to check out and complain. I asked for my money for Breakfast back and explained the reason. How bizarre, the lady that had checked us in the previous day had lost the ability to converse in English and kept saying she did not understand!! By this time I had given up and just left.......never to return!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Value for Money in the heart of London	Clean and friendlly, spotless room (recently refurbished), ideal location close to St Pancras and Kings Cross, beside UCL. Check in in Melville Hotel, room in Imperial, brekfeast in Albion House, who cares, at the rates we paid this was excelllent value.Friendly receptionist, good brekfeast, all buildings within thirty paces of each other. Held our cases until 7pm on departure date.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Location but not up to standards	I stayed in this hotel for a few days when traveling on business. I have not stayed in hotels in this area before, but reading the reviews here I thought it might be a good place to stay - very good price and advertised to offer modern traveler standards for business and leisure travelers.The hotel is quite modern inside and quite nice. The room was of adequate size for a solo traveler although the bathroom was indeed extremely tiny. Be aware though that the beds are extremely small - a double bed is the size of a single bed in other hotels. The breakfast was good, nothing luxurious, but for the price range 50-60 GBP it being included in the price of the room, cannot complain at all.What I did not like and what ruined the whole experience for me with this hotel in a way that I cannot recommend it to anyone who is even a bit concerned with cleanliness and standards is the room cleaning. I can be fully sure the linen was not changed and it was very easy to see that the pillowcase was not changed at all during the several days I stayed there. Adding to this - the hotel only provides one towel (not separate towels for hands and body). What's ultimately worse - they did not change the towel - so think about having to use one towel for your whole body for several days! Having stayed in a number of hotels in the past - this is the worst experience of this kind. When I asked for an extra towel I got one that smelled bad and was not obviously clean - I stopped trying further at that point. I can not recommend this hotel to anyone caring even a little bit about hygiene. It is such a shame that these sort of simple things completely ruined the experience of staying in an otherwise nice hotel.	
Aug 18 2008 	Good place  good location...nice people !	I stay in London B&amp;Bs quite often due to work comitments , which means i need a place : clean and conmfortable room for 3 nights per week.I only discovered the Albion a few months ago , and have been staying there ever since. A colleague told me about it and i decided to take his advise .....I ve stayed in a few places in the area , and the Albion seems to be the best by some distance. The rooms are a good enough size but more importantly they are clean and bright and excellent value for money in Central London.£60 per night for a single room is pretty good.The staff are always helpful and look after when im there.I do recomend this place to business travelers.	
Apr 6 2008 	Dont think about going there.	We had two family rooms ,one was on the fourth floor and the other was in the basement.You have to climb narrow stairs so its difficult if you have any large luggage.Both rooms had a bad smell,and the shower room was so small the wash basin had to be located in the bedroom.The Continental Breakfast was the worst hotel breakfast that we have ever had. None of the staff were very good with speaking English.The only good thing is that the room had been decorated but it did not stop the bad smell.	
Mar 13 2008	Great Service	Great service and very cosy rooms at a great priceParth Parmar, Leicestershire	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Customer Service	The staff was very accommodating. We had to arrive a day early and they were very nice and helpful. The hotel was clean and the breakfast was great. I would highly recommend this hotel to travelers!	
Feb 10 2008 	Some other place next time	I stayed at the Albion House Hotel last June for four nights. It was okay to sleep there, but only to sleep. The rooms have no aircondition, which is a huge disadvantage when it is about 25°C outside. There was also only one towel in my room as it was a single room so I had to organise another one at the Melville Hotel. If I wanted to take a shower I always had to &quot;evacuate&quot; the toilet paper first or it would have been drenched. The room itself was very small and the bed was very narrow, so I had to take care to not fall out of the bed when I turned at night.Another disadvantage of the hotel: It has no lift, so be prepared to carry your luggage upstairs.The manager was not friendly at all, but the room-maid and the guy at the breakfast room were very nice. I don't think, that I will stay at this hotel again. I already booked my next trip to London and this time I chose the St. Pancras Youth Hostel which is not far away and has a better service and more space (I stayed there before).	
Jan 16 2008	Lack of Security and Surveilance	My mother, my sister and I stayed in the Albion Hotel during the last two weeks in December. Upon Arrival we were told that a laptop computer had been stolen from a room and that a report had been filed with police. When we arrived a few hours later there was a posted reward for anyone who had information regarding the theft. The next two nights we stayed were uninterrupted, and we assumed that things had quieted down.We left the hotel one evening and arrived several hours later. When we returned we quickly noticed that things had been rifled through. Our suitcases were searched to the bottoms. A digital camera was stolen, along with two cellphones. 80$ were stolen as well as all three passports, two ID'S and a driver's license. We first reported to the receptionist, then the police. The receptionist informed us that the surveillance camera in front of the hotel was inoperable, and had been prior to the first robberies. Conveniently, the hard drive containing the video had become corrupted as well. Anyway, I am just freely expressing my experience. Aside from this unfortunate event, the hotel is very comfortable and hospitable for the value of a London Hotel. I don't discourage staying there in any way. Cheers.	
Nov 5 2007 	Surprised	After reading the reviews on this site, I thought I'd take my chances.It rated better than others in this price range.I was expecting the worse! However I was quite surprised. Yes you do have to check in at the mentone across the road but that is only 30 steps away.The neighbourhood is quiet and non threatening-I walked through it morning noon and night.The room although very small, was clean and had the amenities I required. Breakfast was sufficient coffee, tea and toast.The staff were friendly and accomodating.	
Oct 16 2007 	Disgisting!!DISGRACEFUL and inhabitable!!!!!!!	8 of us(girls ) arrived at albion house hotel on a fri night at 1am after a flight and transfers to kingcross. We had to go across to the Melville hotel reception to check in. On arrival we were told they knew nothing about us(despite us having a printed confirmation and number and having paid a deposit).We were(after a considerable about of argueing with the man on the desk) brought to the carlton hotel around the corner. We were shown two rooms for 4 people per room. this hotel was grotty and two people per bed in a small queen size bed. the shower and toilet were beside each other in a tiny bathroom. the following morning we went to the melville reception where we were promised that they had rooms for us that night. We returned later that day after heading into london and were told that we there were no rooms for us, even though we were promised earlier that morning that there were. The manager was rude, obnocious and very very unhelpful but eventally showed us to a further two more hotels where our party had to seperate. The part hotel was one of thes. This was a disgrace! one of the rooms had lights hanging off the ceiling held in place with tissue paper, ripped wallpaper, a curtain hanging sideways by a thread and RAT bait in numerous areas on the floor. THe floor was filthy and the bed was broken in two areas when you sat on it. The bathroom was tiny and unclean!this was inhabitable and a helath and safety hazard!!! We were not contacted earlier in the day by the manager to inform us of this move, we could have had a chance to find somewhere else.The manager was so unhelpful and very nasty!!! In fact, a family with two small children arrived in the same situation and were left with no where to stay, obviously causing huge distress! We were only looking for somwhere to stay that was basic and clean, we weren't fussy travellors and this was neither. NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!!!avoid anywhere on arglyle square/street. It's an absolute disgrace and totally unaccepatable. It's a big SCAM!!!!!!STEER CLEAR!!!!Inhabitable and Disgusting to sum it up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 15 2007 	terrible...bad bad service	We didn't actually mangae to stay in this hotel...seeing as the manager denied any knowledge of us despite the fact we had an email with confirmation number. The manager was really unhelpful..he 'helpfully' managed to find accomodation in a hotel down the road (the Park Hotel), in which we found our bed was broke, the bathroom light didn't work, the heat was 'stuck' on, the light hanging out of the ceiling, ceiling holes stuffed with toilet paper and worst of all actual RAT bait in the bedroom under the sink...disgusting. worst hotel i've ever stayed in...steer clear.	
Oct 9 2007 	Good deal on a budget	Ok people just remember, this is London, it's expensive! For 75 quid I imagine you could do much worse than this hotel. The room I had was shoe boxed sized but clean enough and reasonably decorated - there was even a trouser press! Not for the faint of heart was the 4 storey staircase to the top floor as there's no lift! Breakfast was moderately better than I expected, toast, cereal, boiled eggs and processed cheese if it takes your fancy. I wouldn't want to stay here for a week, but for a couple of days its good enough.	
Sep 12 2007 	Dishonest total unacceptable	Very dishonest and totally unacceptable! I booked Albion House but all guests who book Albion House have to check-in at Melville Hotel which is 1 minute walk. I booked a twin en-suite room for two nightsat Albion House and the guy at the reception of Melville Hotel asked me to pay all my room charge first, which I did. Then he showed me to Albion House. On the way, he told me that tomorrow I have to move to another room. He said he has given me a bigger room. The way he said that as if he has done a big favour for me! I stayed two nights only but have to change room every night. I felt this hotel very dishonest. I made reservation in July, if you cannot accommodate my request for a room for two nights, you can reject my booking but they confirmed my booking. I felt they are dishonest because the guy at reception never mentioned to me that I have to change room before I paid my room charge. If I knew that, there were &gt;40 hotels in that district, I maybe able to find another hotel. It was so troublesome as I have to pack and unpack.Besides, no bath soap and shampoo provided in the room, only a tiny piece of soap. The alarm in the room is not working. Breakfast is very simple, they give you 2 slices of white bread. On the counter, there is boiled egg, two kinds of cereal, orange juice or apple juice, some canned fruit, coffee or tea.I strongly suggest you do not stay in this hotel or other hotel underthis group which is Excelsior Hotel and Melville Hotel.	
Jul 11 2007 	loved it...absolutely loved it	Albion House Hotel is a great hotel...great value and offer!!Good location and environment...far from traffic so you can have a quiet night..Not too far from the most happenings in LondonGreat service providing 247 reception..excellent choice of breakfast...Rooms are well maintained and necessities are providedGreat staff, very accomodating!!Good for family/friends/couples/ I recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting London...	
Jun 11 2007	Great Stay - Great Value!!	As a regular business traveller to London, I always find that the Albion delivers great value and comfort. The service is great, the staff are friendly and the rooms are clean. It's such a great place to stay that I always book here when in London.	
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel for Central London	My wife and I stayed at this Central London hotel for 4 nights and I can recommend it to anyone without hesitation. I am somewhat confused about some of the negative reviews on here because for the low price you pay, this place is centrally located, extremely clean, friendly, and we found that they will bend over backwards to give any advice on what to do/where to go in London. The rooms are airy and light and CLEAN, with modern but simple decor. An absolute bargain, and far exceeding anything we were expecting for this price-range.The only other comparable hotels I have found in Central London were about twice the price!If you are looking for an affordable, clean, centrally located hotel with friendly service look no further!!	
May 13 2007 	Dont bother no concept of customer service	it was my boyfriends birthday and i thought i would treat him by taking him to the theatre in london and then spend a night in a nice not over priced hotel, i thought everything was going to be so perfect, but it was not our luck. in my reservation letter it said that the check out time was 10 am and check in was at noon, so i booked tickets for the lord of the rings musical at 2pm, which gave us two hours to check in, get dressed and ready and be in drury lane by 2 just in time for the show. when we arrived at the albion at 12 on the dot, first we found there was nobody in the actual hotel we were staying in (the albion) which was filthy with a red stained towel on the floor, we thought perhaps we should come back later, but in the end i noticed the very small notice outside saying that check in was at a totaly different hotel across the street, this was not stated on the website, but i thought that was alright, when we got there a strange woman who couldnt speak enlish asked us what we wanted and we said we were checking into the albion. this seemed ok and i had to fill in a dodgy 'check in' card, which asked for my credit card details, which i didnt fill in thank god. after about 20 mins of waiting around we were told that was fine we could leave out luggage there and come back in two hours at 2pm (which is when we were meant to be at the theatre) and that then we could get a room. i was very angry about this seeing as there was a complete case of false advertising as the actual leaflet they had in the hotel said check out 10 am check in a noon. her excuse was that the cleaner had to clean a whole 12 rooms and couldnt do it, at which point i tried to point out that if check out was at 10 that gave them two hours to clean, to which i recieved a reply that that didnt matter. i asked to speak to the manager and apparently he didnt want to talk to me, for what reason i dont know. so after an argument or two i told her that i would not be recomending this hotel to anyone and they are loosing customers, because its not as if i was asking for every single room to be clean, just one and surely the cleaner could have done that, because we had plans based around their times. as we were leaving we noticed a sign underneath everyone else's left luggage that said ' this hotel is not responsible for any luggage lost or stolen or damaged' so basically we were paying 70 pounds a night, to be made to wait 2 hours to check into a room, and have our possesions stolen in the process! dont ever go there, they have no idea what customer service is!	
Dec 18 2006 	Clean Simple Unspectacular	First of all, bear in mind that in London hotels can cost a lot. I booked a twin room at this place for £75. I checked in across the road and the receptionist was very friendly. The room wasn't huge, but it was clean. The bathroom was miniscule and not fancy in any way shape or form. It served its purpose however and I was able to shower without feeling totally grossed out. There was a TV in the room which was a bonus.This place is located yards away from Kings Cross station which is convenient. I used it as a place to change and sleep before and after a party nearby in London. This is perhaps its best purpose: a stopover or a place to rest your head. Breakfast was simple: a couple of rounds of toast and some tea. It's a shame: I quite fancied a fry-up!Overall, I'd recommend it to people who need a place to crash out, but not to people who want anything fancy or a hotel with amenities. This is about as simple as it gets.	
Nov 27 2006 	Do Not Make A Booking At This Hotel - Terrible	I booked directly on-line with The Albion House Hotel on 30th October 2006 for a stay of 1 night on 25th November 2006On arrival I proceeded to check in at The Melville Hotel, 39 Argyle Square, which is a down market in need of a good clean sister hotel.Having waited 10 mins to check in, I was ushered to the room where the receptionist/owner? proceeded to inform me that they had just had a major water leak and the room that I was to stay in was flooded and she only had 1 room available within the Melville Hotel, this is on a Saturday afternoon at 3.30pm and she did not have the courtesy to call me (But I am sure they would have charghed had i not turned up.(Likely story - probably sold my room for higher rate)I proceeded to look at the double en-suite room at the Melville Hotel and everything you have read about this hotel is true. The room was the about 7ft *4ft, the curtains hanging from the window and it was four flights up a narrow staircase with no means of exit should there have been a fire. I would not have let a down and out stay there.Strangley the whole of London was fully booked and the receptionist/owner was rather uncaring that we had no where to stay.Well ended up in Croydon @ Jury's for £59.99 which was a palatial kingdom compared to the Albion House/Melville Hotel.So if you want a guaranteed room for the night and don't want a frantic search for a hotel, then don't book here.Awful experience - Awful hotel - Awful Customer Service	
Oct 11 2006 	Absolutely loved this hotel	After reading all the reviews on this hotel i have to say i was a little dubious... but after spending a week staying there i have to say this was a fantastic place to stay! the location is ideal, the staff are really friendly and more importantly the rooms are VERY clean!!! Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in the area of Kings X and I am extremely fussy! but if you want to be near all the tourist locations this is definately the place to come!	
Oct 7 2006 	A Cheap London Hotel - Clean and Friendly	London is the world's second most expensive city. Moderate hotel prices start at £120-150/night; cheap is around £50/night. This hotel is cheap, it has clean and compact rooms, it has few amenities - it is for sleeping not dining or swimming or dreaming you are in a £225/night Hilton.For its price class it is good, it is non-smoking, it is near King's Cross with Tube access everywhere. It has friendly staff and wonderful if treated with respect. It does not pretend to be what it is not, and $120 might seem a lot to some for a hotel room but it is peanuts in London where the Tube fare starts at $6 and a beer costs the same.This is an hotel to sleep in, nothing more.	
Oct 2 2006	Wasn't too bad!	Stayed one night at thhis hotel. Booked before I read the reviews so there was a bit of trepidation about staying there. It is correct that you check in across the road. The room and bedding was clean. Didn't find the area to be unsafe, its Kings Cross which has the reputation of being a bit 'dodgy', all large cities have there good and bad parts. The staff were friendly and polite.However, the breakfast was poor, with basically cereal and coffee and toast. There probably has been a bit of retouching of the pictures on the website but didn't have any great problem with this hotel. I booked it because of its close proximity to Kings Cross Station.	
Aug 25 2006 	Terrible . Did Not Even Stay	Booked through late rooms for just one night ,wish i had gone with my instinct and cancelled.We picked our keys up accross the road at their sister hotel. So glad that we were not staying there as it was horrible.As i had booked over the net I was taken to a back room to put my pin number in for the card transaction.This felt very unsafe especially as it was a very scruffy office with a very unwelcoming member of staff.We were then shown over the road in the pouring rain to our &quot;luxury suite&quot; by a lady who could not realy give us much info as she did not speak much english. Our room was on top floor, very small double, missing lampshades and marks all around one side of the wall the made me wonder what had happened in the room previously.Tiny shower room which i could not figure out how you were going to turn arround in and actually wash!As the room was disgusting and the whole building was like a furnace we decided after a discussion to leave. We told them it was not up to standard and did not dare ask for money back.we ended up booking into a hotel near baker street tube called the four seasond which was lovely and had a great breakfast the next morning.	
Aug 5 2006 	what a robbery for a hole in a wall	I was booked for one of the 3 other hotels they have. They charched and then told me, I would be in the albionhouse. What a dive. Dirty, very small, noisy and not save at night. Staff unfriendly. All for 60 Pounds. Not a bargain... a robbery!! Never never again. Had hairs of other guests in bed and toilet.	
Jul 21 2006 	The worst ever without question	The hallway and staircase are about 2 ft. wide and very steep. The room is microscopic, no place to put anything. Shower is 2 ft by 1-1/2 ft, if even that big. No clean towels and just one cheap, tiny soap for two adults for two days. Cheap styrofoam cups for, count 'em, 1 cup instant coffee, which was not replaced the second day. There was no phone in the room and no pay phone on premises. Breakfast in the cellar required a long wait in line for a space, and hostile kitchen help. And for this we paid over 75 pounds!	
Jul 12 2006	Terrible	We stayed in room # 2 in the basement. Very small, no phone, the beds were terrible. You could feel the springs in the mattress. No air conditioning as advertised. TV remote didn't work. We received one towel each and a very small bar of soap. No &quot;Welcome package&quot; as advertisede. The room was so small we had to walk over our luggage. It was a terrible experience. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone. No at all like advertised on their web site.	
Jul 11 2006	not a bargain	The Hotel is really in a remodeled home and the stairway is extremely narrow and steep, very difficult for any luggage. No lift available. The breakfast is cereal and canned fruit. The bathroom is too small to turn around in. It was clean is about the only positive thing that can be said, . There are no telephones in the rooms. The check in is located across the street.	
Jun 17 2006	worst hotel in London?	Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are tiny and all up flights of stairs - don't bring large luggage. The paint job however is recent. I cannot believe any independant group ever gave this hotel 3 stars. My daughter and I stayed there and both of us were bitten by insects - or something worse. When a client called the hotel looking to get in touch, they were told that the rooms don't have phones (true) and the woman who answered was too busy to deal with callers. Then she hung up. This should be classed more as a hostel - one star, maybe at a stretch two - and priced accordingly.	
Jun 15 2006	Digusting Tourist Trap	I had booked a weekend in London at the Albion House Hotel. I was looking forward to the bright renovated rooms i saw around the internet and my wife was equally as excited. Im sorry to say that when we arrived the Albion House, we were told by the manager that there had been a problem with the website i booked it with and that we were to stay in the nearby Park or Melvin Hotel. Tired after a long journey i accepted these alternatives and ended up staying at the Park Hotel which is not even star rated. I felt very angry towards the online booking site, but after speaking with other guests in the hotel i came to the conclusion that this is no exceptional occurance when booking for the Albion House. We left the digusting hotel which was extremely poorly maintained and where noone could speak English to a communicative level, with a very bad taste in our mouths of London.I checked with the online agency and they had made the booking 100% correct as i had booked on the site. So the Manager at the Albion House had decieved not only me but also my fellow guests in the Park and i assume the Melvin Hotel.It appears to me that the Albion House is a honey trap for the other 2 pitiful hotels, and i would not want this to happen to overseas travellers, who will get stung by the experience and also have little to no help from the &quot;alternative hotels&quot;.	
Jun 7 2006	Elegant and Luxurious it isn't !	Once we found this hotel, we had to go to the sister hotel across the square to check in  which wasn’t specified on the booking, so only knew this once we’d found the Albion,  then we had to try and find the other hotel! (good job it wasn’t pouring with rain!) It then  took about 15 – 20 minutes to check in, service very slow, and they were very vague  about the booking itself, unsure on what price it should be etc…… When got to the room eventually, I had thought I’d booked a double, (but later found out I  had booked a twin in error) They were very unaccommodating and rude when I asked to  be swapped for a double – they said it wasn’t possible. However, the ‘Luxury Twin’  described on the website and quoted on my booking was in fact a very small twin, with a  bathroom with shower only and you could only just about get in the room, smallest hotel  bathroom I have ever seen! It did seem clean enough however, but the actual beds themselves were the most  uncomfortable we have ever slept in and I have travelled all over the world extensively  and stayed in very budget hotels as comparison! What springs were left were sticking in  my ribs, I had to get spare pillows out of the wardrobe and try and sleep on top of these,  we both felt dreadful the next morning through lack of sleep, and now have bad backs! Breakfast was in a very small canteen type room, again it served the sister hotel also, so  very cramped and it was busy. You got toast with jam and 2 choices of cereal with tea  or coffee and orange juice, that was it – so a bit disappointing – toast was rationed when  we asked for more. All in all a disappointing stay, but location-wise it is ideal for King's Cross tube station and  getting to the West End. I don't know if all the rooms are the same standard as ours was.	
May 12 2006 	Mixed views	Myself and my workmate travelled down from Edinburgh for a one night stay in the Albion. When we got there our taxi driver warned us that the area was terrible as it is right across from King Cross Station and is actually a red light district! He said we were lucky to only be staying there for only one night because if we were staying for longer he said we should move pronto! Whenever we told people where we were staying they all gasped and said &quot;Oh not the best area then!&quot;. When we arrived at the hotel at about 8pm, we had to go across the road and receive our keys from another hotel which I didn't have a problem with. However, the hotel you have to go to, to collect the keys, was an absolute dump. Thankfully we weren't staying there!!We then got taken back across the road by a gent who showed us to our rooms. We both had our own separate rooms. My room was really nice, spacious and looked exactly what the pictures on the website looked like. It had a double bed against one wall and a single bed against another which I'd imagine they'd use as their family room. Everything was clean, bright and had plenty of fresh towels waiting on my arrival. The sink was outside the bathroom so the toilet consisted of the toilet and a section for the shower which was away from the toilet. There was tea and coffee, a television on the wall with remote and a lovely dressing table area for putting on make-up or drying/straightning your hair in a large desk space. I thought was room was excellent value for money and I had a great nights sleep there.My workmates room however was slightly different. Although my colleagues opinion would probably differ from mine, I found her room to be clean and just what the advert states - Single room. The room was very small however and only had space for a single bed, wardrobe and sink which was all closely packed together with a tv on the wall. The toilet was more like a combined toilet/shower and the shower head was actually over the toilet seat. So, I would imagine to have a shower, you would have to sit over the toilet or something. Also, the toilet handle was apparently broken. The room was very small however it was clean, was bright also and was only to do for one night. My colleague also said she couldn't get to sleep because of people banging on her walls and she never felt safe enough to go to sleep. I, on the other hand, found none of these problems and found my room and the hotel as a whole very nice and most obviously just been refurbished in a tasteful bright design. The next morning, my colleague left early and didn't go to breakfast as she just wanted out of the hotel, while I went downstairs to their lovely little breakfast bistro where you can have a quick bite to eat before you head off. You can choose from tea or coffee, toast or cereal and fruit juices however that was all that was on offer. That was great for me as I don't eat bacon etc in the morning but if you did then it could cause a bit of a problem as I didn't see anywhere near for you to have breakfast.Overall, I found the stay pleasant enough and really liked my room and the hotel. I didn't find the area a problem whatsoever - it's not as if I was out walking along the streets on my own at midnight anyway! Perfect for only £60 in central London. Going by what I saw i.e - MY room I would stay there again if I had to go back to London on a budget.	
May 9 2006	Misleading.......	The photos of the albion house hotel are a joke....it is nothing like that. I stayed ina single en suite room. The bed was tiny, the room was tiney, the shower was tiny, everything was tiny! However it was clean...so thats one positive. But I would not stya there again, purely because I know I can get a better size room for my £60. If it was say...£40 then I think it would get better reviews. But no way is this place a £60 hotel.	
Apr 20 2006	What a rip off	The room shown as a single room on their web site is NOTHING like the real thing! I was given a room the size of a shoe box - so small I had to move my suitcase whenever I moved in the room! Unfortunately I didn't take a picture of the room for comparison but the floor area was about 2m x 2.5m The bathroom was a small cubicle with the shower rose almost directly over the toilet so you had to remove the toilet paper from the area before you showered and then you were left with a totally wet toilet!Although the advertised price was GBP 50 , I was charged GBP 60!Believe me you DONT wanna go there!	
Mar 14 2006	Awful and very misleading	I didn't know about Tripadvisor.com before I stayed here, but I wish I did. All of the problems I had have already been written about!My partner and I stayed at the Albion House Hotel for the simple reason that it was close to Kings Cross Station and it sounded great on it's website. We were only staying for one night luckily, before getting a train elsewhere in the morning.We had a bad impressions from the start. We found it very hard to find as we arrived at nightfall and the area itself seemed so dodgy. We got to the Albion to find a note sticky-taped to the door telling us to check in at another hotel in the square, the Melville. We dragged all of our luggage there and went inside to an extremely dumpy looking 'reception'. We stood there waiting for so long before anyone would help us and they were so rude when they finally did come out, and we could barely understand them as their English was so poor. When it came to payment, they took our credit card away to a different room and didn't come back for 5 minutes, which made us very nervous - they could have been copying our details down or anything!Finally they told us we'd need to stay in a completely different hotel called the Excelsior. He insisted it was a higher quality hotel. We dragged our luggage to yet another hotel, mighty annoyed by then. We then had to carry our luggage downstairs to our room. The room looked slighty more promising when we walked in, with new but extremely cheap furnishings. We started to relax and then realised we could hear alot of traffic and it was very cold. Upon further inspection, we discovered the window was broken and jammed open. Considering it looked straight out into a deserted alleyway, we were not impressed safety-wise. We had to go back to the Melville and try to speak to the guy, who came into the room and tried to downplay it. We insisted they change us rooms, so more luggage being dragged up stairs and we went into another one. Finally we were ok! We still felt very unsafe though and dragged suitcases in front of the door and the window when we slept, just incase.The entire establishment just seemed so incredibly dodgy - it definitely needs some sort of regulation by the hospitality industry. I didn't feel safe or comfortable at all, we couldn't wait to get out of there. The detail on the website was so inaccurate and misleading. Will never ever stay here again!	
Dec 16 2005	Loved the Albion House Hotel	After reading the reviews about the Albion we had some reservations about staying there but decided to give it a try. It was absolutely GREAT! 12 of us (ranging in age from 8 to 73) stayed for 7 nights to celebrate my parents 50th wedding anniversary and it couldn't have been a more pleasant experience. No one was rude like others reviews have indicated. Actually we found Patrick and Cheerie quite helpful, recomended a great restaurant for dinner, helped book tours, etc. The rooms are clean and new, yes the bathrooms are small but for the price what would you expect? Breakfast was fine - toast, cereal, fruit and the staff was smiling and accomodating. We rented a few triples and doubles and one quad. All 12 of us from various places in the US were very happy with the Albion. We can't wait to go again!	
Oct 13 2005 	Horrible		
Sep 26 2005	Would Not Recommend the Albion		
Sep 26 2005	What a disappointment		
Sep 23 2005	Don't be fooled by the pictures!!!		
Sep 21 2005	Not as expected		
Aug 30 2005	Great Value		
Aug 11 2005	Nice little hotel		
Jul 2 2005	Terrific value		
May 18 2005	Good option		
Dec 6 2004	nice clean room		
Oct 15 2009 	Un bella vacanza...		
Jun 23 2009 	pulito - servizio scadente - richiede spirito di adattamento		
Jul 16 2008 	Repetiría... muy correcto para ese precio y tratarse de Londres		
Apr 28 2008 	una broma		
