	Cosy like a hotel for a budget lodging!	We never knew the rooms would look like a HOTEL. When we arrived, we had zero expectations on how the room was going to look like.Surprisingly, the rooms were equipped with a flat-screen TV, a queen-size bed, a couch with an extra bed, in-room coffee pots and a very nice bathroom!Concierge's very helpful, friendly and practical. The hotel is very near to the town, just a few minutes walk from the hotel. There are also shop lots around and we had no problems finding for food. I can't remember exactly how much I paid for it but twas 15 pounds per night. There wasn't any breakfast available but from what I know, you have to pay an extra 6 pounds if you want breakfast to be included. Other than that, my friends and I had a great stay at Travelodge Barking.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value comfortable stay	Agree with everything in shanblue's review. Didn't know about the Tesco Express! Stayed with my wife and 2 kids and because of the price booked 2 rooms - both were clean and comfortable. Got 2 good night's sleep - not looking to sleep in so the building work was not a problem. It is a bit of a trawl into the centre of London but that is made up for by the the price, the quiet location of the hotel and the cheapness of the local shops for getting lunch etc.	
Oct 22 2009 	Comfortable for the price Clean 	Thanks to the reviews in this site, Tripadvisor. Its based on reviews from here, I decided to book with Travelodge in Barking. Location is just 2 min from Tube station. Clean Rooms. And most importantly, the location &amp; surrounding are not threatening like some other Travelodges. Tesco is right under the Travelodge rooms - open early morning and late nights.I'd say the rooms were very clean. We stayed for 2 days and in the first day, we had left the room in mess. When we returned from sightseeing, we found the rooms very clean and tidy again. Room service had cleaned the room neat and tidy. I felt shocked to see that room service had entered our room during our absence, but felt relieved that none of our items were missing. A clean and trustworthy hotel. Surrounding is not threatening as the hotel is located in city centre. There's contruction work going on nearby but that didnt bother my stay the least. No disturbance at all due to the contruction. I paid £19 and £32 for 2 days respectively. For this price, I'd say, I've had a comfortable stay at a comfortable location. No other hotel can beat Travelodge Barking. It takes 50 min from Embankment to Barking by Tube which was a little concern but the price overtook this concern for me.One little irritation - Room 120 - When Tesco opens at 6 AM, our sleep was disturbed with the noise of door opening then the siren of Council's road cleaning vehicles and the noises of other vehicles passing. I'd guess this wouldnt be a problem for other rooms well inside and away from the road.	
Sep 10 2009 	Blooming Awfull	From the vomit in the lift to the lack of shampoo in the rooms and the failure to provide the plastic encased breakfast that we ordered this must be the worst hotel I have stayed in over many,many years. Not set in the most salubrious location either !! The TV had no remote control and the floor was damp...	
Jul 19 2009 	Perfect budget accomdation for sightseeing in London	My husband and myself have just returned from a two night stay at the Travelodge in Barking. For £29 per night we could not have wished for a better service. Although basic the rooms were completely adequate for what we needed and the staff, service was of 5 star standardThe hotel is ideally situated for the tube and getting into central London (the station is a two minute walk from the hotel). The surrounding area is jam packed with shops, restaurants, take aways etc and even a great market on Saturday. The staff at the hotel could not have been more helpful giving us extra pillows and sorting out an iron (I forgot mine). They were more than happy to pass on their local knowledge and gave us direct telephone numbers to contact them while we were out should we get lost or need any more information.The only downside to the whole weekend was that it wasnt long enough.I woud highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for budget accomodation. I have definitely paid a lot more at other hotels for much less. Maybe some of the 3 and 4 star hotels should take a leaf out of their book. Or book in for a stay to see how it should be done.	
Jul 13 2009 	A perfect place	This is an upbeat Travelodge and a perfect place to stay if you want to sightsee London and the surrounding areas. Although very sparce with regards to amenities there is no real need for a bar or restaraunt, as Station Rd has more than enough facilities along it's length, including a street market that caters for the hungry and fashionable.The underground is a short walk away and a direct link into central London and about a 25 minute trip to the Embankment station.The Travelodge was clean and the room was very comfortable and clean, albeit a little basic but quite adequate. On arrival the staff were very friendly and accomodating and were very helpful.We would be pleased to stay here again and look forward to returning one day.	
May 23 2009 	Very Nice room for a very nice price!	I am originally from Barking and as part of our Anniversary my Wife thought that it would be nice to take a trip to Barking and have me show her around. So she went on the net and found the travelodge advertising rooms at Barking for £29.00 per night. We were only intending to go for a long weekend but with those credit crunching prices we booked for four nights. The Hotel was opened in October 2008, so I had no idea where it was but it said Ripple road and as thats the main road through Barking i thought I would find it easy, wrong! The Hotel was very hard to find, I will give you some helpful directions when i have finished this review. Not only was the Hotel hard to find but you can't park near it, you are risking getting a ticket just by unloading near by, thats because the Hotel is built on a pedestrianized precinct and right next door to the Hotel there is a massive buliding going up (more about that later) with Lorry's etc unloading building materials. I would like to ad that none of this is the fault of the Hotel and the staff despair if it just as much as the customers do. They have assured me that as soon as the building work is complete they will get a designated dropping of zone. You still wont be able to park near the Hotel though as there is just no room for a car park. I planned to leave it in a nearby street but you cant even do that now, as all the roads near by are reident parking zones and I saw plenty of wardens out on patrol. There are multistory car parks near by but take it from me, you dont want to leave your car there over night. I ended up parking about 15 minutes walk from the Hotel, it was not to bad for me as my Wife waitied in the our room with the luggage, but I could see this being areal struggle if you were elderly, disabled, single parent with children or you did not know the area. As for the Hotel, we were delighted with our room it was spotless, smelt fresh and very basic. The decor is very modern, minimalistic in a Ikea kind of way. The bed is proberly the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on. The bathroom was roomy and laid out well and the walk in shower was a Godsend. The Staff were a credit to Travelodge and very cheerful and helpful.When we first arrived we did not have a kettle in our room and when I requested one, it arrived very promptly. On the whole we were more then happy with our room. As I have already mentioned there is major building work going on right next door to the Hotel (see photos) and work starts dead on 8.00 AM so if you have any plans of having a lie in, take some good quality ear plugs, I must stress this is not the fault of the Hotel. This Travelodge is in a very good location, it is very close to the Town, in fact its built right opposite the Vicarage Fields shopping center. The bus's and tube station is only a few mins walk and there are plenty of good pubs and restaurants near by, in particular Nando,s and the Barking Dog which is a Wetherspoons. Also right beneath our room is a brand new Tesco Express that was due to open a couple of days after our departure.We would definitely stay there again and apart from the noise of the building work and the fact you cant park near the Hotel, you can really grumble at £29.00 per night, that to us was extremely good value an we both thoroughly enjoyed out stay. Directions to the Hotel: if you are on foot and you have arrived by Bus or by tube the Hotel is located next to the Police station in Ripple road and right opposite the Vicarage fields shopping center. Walk down the side of Tesco express and turn right to get to reception. By car take the A123 till you come to a Roundabout take the road called Broadway and follow signs marked Town hall/ Civic center, there is a pub by this turning called &quot;The Captain Cook&quot; follow the sign for the Town hall and then take the second right which is Clockhouse Avenue, there is another pub on this turn called &quot;The Barge Aground&quot; just follow this road to the end and the Travelodge will appear straight in front of you! Hope my directions help	
Mar 28 2009 	Comfortable budget accommodation	I was traveling to London on a tight budget. After conducting some research online, I found that Travelodge Barking provided the cheapest rates for a twin room ensuite. Room was surprisingly very clean and cosy. One thing the hotel lacks is room service and facilities such as a pool or gym. Also, there was no telephone in the room to dial reception. One must walk down to the front desk to make any enquiries. Although, the hotel was located far from Central London (40 to 50mins by tube), there were more than enough amenities in the vicinity such as supermarkets and cheap eateries. Overall, I had a good 4 night's sleep and that's what matters most. Good value for money from 40 pounds per room per night.	
Mar 15 2009 	Awful! Staff are rude and agressive and lie about being managers!	Went to watch Wicked at the Apollo Victoria Theatre, and Booked this room online directly on the website. Paid £50 a night and booked 2 nights...When arriving in Barking we found the road the hotel was on was closed, and so we called the direction line for the hotel... it took them two hours to actually get us to the hotel, and it was totally a joke!Arrived at the hotel and booked in, went up to the room, and found the bedding to be average, a few stains but seemed clean, there was dirt on the side, and the room looked decidedly empty!Large room with huge windows, so thats good, nice flat screen tv was good, except its so high that its hard to see from the bed...the toilet was dirty and no bath (as shown on the website) but the shower was clean and seemed ok to use...In the morning, we got up and at about 9am we went downstairs to reception to ask for an iron (as advertised on the website) and we were told they only had 2 in the 66 room hotel... they were expecting one back in about half hour, by 10.45 we still hadnt had one, so we asked again for one and we were told that its against policy to ask for them back and we would have to wait, the receptionist was rude and agressive and told us there was nothing she could do! so i asked to see the manager, then she told me she was a deputy manager.... I said i was discusted with her treatment of us, and she said theres nothing she can do... i asked for head office number to deal with complaints... so she wrote it down and i said write your name down two because im disgusted with your manors and she put her name down, and wrote down &quot;receptionist&quot; so i said oh, just the receptionist? not deputy manager, and she said im in charge so im the manager!Got out to the car to find a ticket for £80 because we were late because of her manors... its a joke! the staff need training and the hotel needs cleaning.I WILL NEVER EVER USE TRAVELODGE AGAIN, use Premier Travel Inn!!!	
