Oct 27 2009 	What a mess you made about this hotel	I spend few days in Lime Grove Hotel few years ago, and that's the reason I was shocked when I read reviews about it, and saw some pictures here.Then I try to find a hotel with the similar name in London, and gues what: all those people (25 od them) talking about Limegrove hotel in Victoria (101 Warwick Way London SW1V1QL) and not even one (exept me) about Lime Grove Hotel (32 Lime Grove, London W12 8EA) which adress is shown beneath the headline...Even the manager of Victoria LG Hotel was fooled by this reviews, and made answer to one of the guests comments.Now, back to the appropriate Lime Grove Hotel. It's a very quiet, not big bed and breakfast place, with small restaurant on ground level.Hotel is located in West London, near famous Shepard Bush, and just one minute walk from nearest underground station.My room was big enough, with huge and very good bed. Bathroom was almost perfect, big and very clean.	
Sep 24 2009 	should be reported!! very dangerous pplace to stay..needs to be checked by officals	this place for 70 pound a night was awful.we stayed 2 nights..couldnt afford to go else where...breakfast came to your room very poor and cold.the room was filthy,holes in the wall,wires near the sink,fag burns on ceiling,quilt cover,electric switch was still intacked so had they converted a kitchen into a room?fire extinguisher holding the doors open,bags of cement on the landing,smelly it was like a b and b for builders working away from home!!not for people wanting a nice break.the patio doors locked so couldnt open them..no key either for the doors,noisey on a morning of a pipe been tapped to wake us up early on a morning...shower need updating,as well as the shower curtain.WOULD RECOMEND YOU DONT STAY HERE...IT NEEDS A INSPECTOR TO CHECK OUT THE PLACE AND THE STAFF TO MAKE SURE THEY HAVE VISAS TO WORK IN ENGLAND...VERY DISSAPPOINTED!!!!!! YOUVE BEEN WARNED DO NOT STOP HERE!!!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Inexpensive friendly and great location.	If you want a budget stay in London, you could do much worse than the Limegrove. We're from Latvia so are used to basic accomodation. If you keep your expectations in line, you'll find that Joyce is a cheerful hostess, you are close to everything, and the neighborhood is wonderful. I'd do it again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Fantastic value in a great location	I stay in this hotel regularly as I work in London once a month, travelling from Canada. It is truly a home from home - the rooms are very clean and the breakfast is great. I can walk to almost anywhere in the capital and the owners are very friendly.	
May 26 2009 	Inexpensive B	My wife and I arrived on the 10th of May, 2009, and was able to place luggage in room, although room was not officially ready. This allowed us to leave and enjoy the rest of the day without worry. The room was small and cramped but clean and efficient, bed was comfortable with crisp sheets and comfortable blankets. Bathroom was small but worked for our needs.When in London, so much is done during the day and evening, little time is spent in the room anyway... it was a good place to come back to, short walk from Victoria Station, so convenient to all trips, theater, and major sites.Breakfast was brought to room, consisted of eggs, English bacon (which is more like ham), toast, butter and jam, coffee or tea, not as full as most English breakfast but a good start.Best thing about hotel is price and location. It is not spacious, but efficient!!	
May 17 2009 	OK BUDGET HOTEL ?	After reading a couple of reviews of this place i too was aprhensive, i was low on money and want a cheap getaway for a weekend. the hotel looked nice on the outside although a bit dated inside and in desprate need of a refurb. we were in room 7 which was an on suite room. there was a funny smell which came from the sink however walking round london it smelt like a drainage problem and not a limegrove one. the room was small but clean and more tha adequate to rest our heads for the night. the bathroom is a bit small and if your on the weighty side even over a 12 its a struggle gettin through the bathroom door as its half the size of a normal door lol, it was a bit noisey from people coming and going, plus there was a comunal toilet across from our door which made it extra busy. the breakfast was poor, 1 rasher of bacon and an egg and powdered milk to go with the tea! although the toast was nice. the location was fantastci to access most of the attractions of london as they are within walking distance of everywhere. only met the owners once that was on check in but they seemed really nice, the cleaners always seemed to be cleaning and we got fresh towels everyday.	
Oct 31 2008	Worst Hotel in UK	Worst B&amp;B in UK by a country mile. From outside looks nice but once through the door when someone eventually opens it the truth hits home the place is disgusting!  We were shown to a room and the double divan had no top sheet so you could see the baseunit it looked like the owner had found it in a skip it was filty,stained and made you feel like you would be bitten if you sat on it. The Tv in the room was also filty with half the buttons missing and Im sure no PAT certificate. The wiring in the building is dangerous and needs checking legally it should be checked every 12 mths.( I am a qualified Electrician) The fire brigade is my next email.  Then you get to the toilet ( if you are eating stop reading now) the toilet had caked on (--) stains all over it and the window was held together by tape.  We asked to speak to the manager about a refund but were told he wasnt home till 17.00 and we were told that we could not have a refund because we neede to give 24hrs notice so we after a long argument we said we would cancel the second night to are amazement the manager appeared and after a argument with him we got the second nights money refunded.  The place is a hole, and i will do my upmost to have it shut down especially after the manager told My American partner she had no right to be in this country.  We found three nice hotels on the block(The George, Jubilee House, Airways,) so don't think you are forced to stay here they were all cheaper too and clean. If they are full sleep in the Tower of London you will get treated better than here don't confuse this LIMEGROVE with the LIME GROVE two words which is by all accounts a very nice place.	
Jun 15 2008 	sufficient	Excellent location, pay attention not to leave anything unattended (i left for 2 minutes the mobile phone in the toilet and someone stole it).Nice breakfast, old furniture but it is very cheap and you get what you pay.The only problem is that if you need something you hardly find someone who can help you.I suggest the owner (i never seen her/him in 8 days) to be more visible	
Apr 7 2008 	Affordable hotel with nice and warm hosts	I had a wonderful time here!!The manageress of this hotel, Mrs. Joyce and her family were very kindly and friendly for me. I was invited for a dinner with her and her and her husband.They even cooked me a very nice meal and we had a great time chatting.They were very friendly and the rooms were quite nice (with the price that we paid for in a hotel in London).It was thanks to their kindness that I had a happy memory in LONDON!! They have a great hospitality and warm heart.I recommend this hotel. The price is so reasonable.Colin ...	
Apr 6 2008 	dont go " really" dont go vile!!!	Stayed at this hotel this week just got back well what a joke shown to our room scrambling over hoovers dirty laundry and staff that can hardly speak english, the room was dirty shabby a wardrobe that we couldnt open because chest drawers in front of it with tv on top. The drawers couldn't open because bed in way. En suite that small had to open door that led into bedroom to sit on loo not a good experience. Breakfast was 1 slice bacon 1 small thin sausage and an egg that was like leather, toast you could have soled and heeled shoes with coffee vile. Never saw anyone again till we rang front door bell for a hairdryer they soon took 10 pound off me as deposit which they gave back but 10 pounds!!! A new one same model 5 pound tesco. Filthy net curtains hanging on nails and non ironed dirty curtains, i know you get what you pay for but there is a limit we met Americans staying there and was embarrassed what an advert for our country so degrading JOYCE SOAP IS CHEAP BUY SOME LOVE	
Mar 3 2008 	I recommend Limegrove	You definitely get what you pay for! You have to compare 'apples to apples': London is a very expensive city (I live in Manhattan, so I am used to pricy places). I stayed during a holiday week (into the New Year) and I was very pleased. Before checking into the Limegrove, I’ve visited a few places on that block - some were really disgusting (with ratings higher than Limegrove), shady owners and charged double. It's true, Limegrove is not a super new place (it can use some upgrades), but my room was clean, safe, big enough and warm (other hotels had no heat! charging 90GBP per night). Most importantly, Joyce &amp; Nick (the owners) and Travis (their son) were soooo nice. I felt very comfortable in the place where the owners are present on a daily basis and practically pour their hearts and souls into the place. I will be back!	
Jan 28 2008 	You get what you pay for. Don't book cheap accomodation unless you can cope!	You totally get what you pay for with this place. If you, like us, want a cheap place to stay in a key London location you cannot moan when you don't get the quality you'd expect from a more expensive place.My friends and I paid £49 for a triple room (cheaper than a youth hostel) so we expected poor service and a dirty room. Actually, it far exceeded our expectations. The room, ensuite (which we weren't expecting), bedding and towels were all very clean. The breakfast was a token gesture, but for the price of the room we could not complain. Before booking just take a moment to consider whether you want a cheap place to sleep, or whether you have unrealistic expectations. Seriously, if you're paying less than £20 pp for a night in Central London you HAVE to expect the worse and then, in the case of the Limegrove, you'll be pleasantly surprised. I'll definitely stay again.	
Jan 19 2008 	worst nightmare	i booked this hotel for4 my wife my self and young child when we first arrived it looked nice from the outside and then the nightmare began we rang the bell i woman answered the horror began who are you we said we had a booking she asked if we had any proof we had a ref no. after a interagation she belived us then it was to the room up the dirty stairways up to the room once opended the doorwe all felt sick i wouldnt even put my dog in it it was your worst scene the sink was hanging off the wall the beds were filthy lukily no fleas on it we opende the bathroom door the handle fell off we had only been there 5 minsb we tried the tv she shoved a coat hanger in the back for a picture, we could not sleep in the room as it was so dirty the matreess sank in the end we slept on the floor as it were more comfy and no carpet .the morning came our english breakfast arrived one sausage one bacon one egg that was it. sterlised milk for the tea i threw up we left that day we had another two nights paid for would not reccomend for any human being or animal to stay there .	
Nov 10 2007 	Very nice B	I had a great time here!!The manajor of this hotel, Mrs. Joyce and her family were very kindly and friendly for me. I went to tea with her and She invited me to a music concert !! It was so nice time for me.My depature day, they took me to the airport in his car because the train stopped.It was thanks to their kindness that I had a happy memory in LONDON!! They have a great hospitality and warm heart.I recommend this hotel. The location is very good( very near VIctoria rail and coach station; about 6or7 min. walk) The price is so reasonable.The hotel staffs are very kindly.I want to stay here again !!	
Sep 18 2007 	Absolute DUMP!	STAY AWAY! This is THE WORST hotel we have EVER stayed in! Rooms were dirty. Bathrooms were disgusting, with black mold growing everywhere! Hot water for showers was non existent. Proprietors were totally unaccommodating. On top of all this one of our party could not make it. The owners would not refund there money. They said reservations are not refundable! The hotel had many empty rooms. We really should have listened to the previous reviews on this one!Everyone do yourself a favor and book another hotel!	
Jul 11 2007 	Modest clean and convenient	I booked a night's stay at the limegrove and then came across some of the negative reviews listed at this site. With some apprehension I journeyed to London fearing poor conditions. I arrived and found my fears unfounded as both Joyce and Neesha greeted us kindly and our room was clean and tidy. While the size is modest by North American standards, it was within what one should expect for a budget travel hotel and the location was very convenient for not only our transit connections, but also many restaurants, theaters, and sites in London. While I can't speak for those claiming negative experiences, I did not find any of the conditions they described. I would stay there again and if you are concerned from the other reviews, I would encourage you to contact the management prior to your trip and discuss them as I found both Joyce and Neesha to be very kind and reasonable people.MichaelSeattle Washington	
Jul 11 2007 	Ok for a night	We stayed here on 7 July for one night, 4 of us in one room (double bed and two singles) which was en-suite. The bathroom was tiny but clean. For the location (5 mins walk from Victoria) and price (£80) it was good value and although, as others have commented, the place is in desperate need of refurbishment, it was fine for us for the one night. The service was pleasant, breakfast was more than adequate (lovely cup of tea!) and the beds were comfortable. We were at the front of the building so there was a bit of traffic noise but that didn't prevent us all from getting a good nights sleep. Hot water isn't available during the day, only morning and evening/night, so this may be an issue for some but wasn't for us as we were out all day. This place would suite those looking for a base for a short stay whose expectations are realistic.	
May 28 2007 	Good value..	Interestingly we chose the hotel because of the location and date suitability even though the earlier reviews were not that encouraging...It was thus a pleasant surprise that the check in-and-out was hassle-free, the good continental breakfast was timely at 7.30am and the room was more spacious that we expected. However we would lament the lack of hot drinking water and a dryer. Also we have hope that the cleanliness of bedsheet can be better, we have rather sensitive skin... Then again for &lt;60 GBP twin ensuite we find it competitive for its location. Joyce (and Nisha) was friendly thoughout.We did not try out many other B&amp;Bs but the experience here is definitely better than another one that we put up with last Oct/Nov, just across the street.J&amp;S_Singapore	
May 22 2007 	Worse than I thought it would be	We booked this place because of the review it got from the Web site EuroCheapo. It said it was a quirky but clean and affordable place. Well it was quirky, well located, and somewhat affordable (family room for 4 for GBP 105). For cleanliness, I'd have to admit that it needs a lot of work. The shared bathroooms were not in great shape. The rooms themselves were barely passable and overall there was an uncharming creakiness about it. I've stayed in cheap places before and this was definitely worse than the average cheap place. There were many other budget hotels in the vicinity and I'd have to think that there would be one that's as cheap but a bit nicer.	
Apr 16 2007 	Don't stay here!	Don't stay in this B&amp;B. This was my first trip to London and I thought how bad could it be? It looks nice from the outside which is very decieving. The room was musty, smelled of stale smoke, cynder block walls and a bed that I could not even bear to sleep under the covers. The shared bathroom was disgusting, had a hole in the glass window. The next morning there was a gentleman banging on my door at 8 a.m. asking me to open the door but would not identify himself or what he wanted. I was so creeped out by this place that we left after the first night despite the fact that we had paid for our entire stay in advance. I guess they have to make you pay in advance or no one would ever pay to stay in this dump.	
Feb 1 2007 	Great value in great location.	Excellent value in a very handy location, this is an ideal place to stay for the budget traveller who doesn't expect the world for little money! Yes, the rooms are shabby at best, the place badly needs re-furbishing, and there is a pervasive damp smell on the lower floor, but the staff are friendly and helpful and the proprietor and her husband were way beyond helpful and caring. Location -a short walk from Victoria Station.A great budget find and good value for money.	
Oct 17 2006 	Bizzare breakfast procedure	I stayed at the Limegrove Hotel Victoria and agree with the reviewer from Toronto, I found the breakfast procedure bizarre, you are asked on arrival whether you would like a continental or cooked breakfast for the next morning, when it arrives (separately to the other sharer in the same room) it is minimal and orange juice is only served with the continental version. Its not worth waiting for.The shared bathroom in the corridor had mould and made me shudder, one of the other reviews here which I feel is a management review, mentions the building is listed so they 'cant do things with the building' ? being listed or in a conservation area does'nt mean you cant have a really nice place.This has'nt prevented the many partioned studwork walls from from being put up and adds to poor sound insulation. This hotel has a hostel/instituion/shabby student feel and look,but could have such great potential.	
Nov 21 2005	Very friendly service clean though small room.	Stayed here for two nights. Location close to Victoria Station. Customer service, cleanliness was definetely above average. Room was small (expected in London, especially for Bed &amp; Breakfast). Recommend to stay here if you're budget oriented (we paid 45pound per night), and close to the the tube, station, and coach (about 10 mins walk).	
Aug 10 2005	Limegrove is OK for a night	The manageress, Joyce, is lovely, and the price is great. However, there were maintenance issues (ladder left in the very cramped hallway, torn sheets, rooms and bathrooms smelled moldy), and service is inconsistent. For instance, breakfast is served in the room, and some mornings it arrived 15 minutes early, some 10 minutes late. One day we had to leave to catch our train before it arrived.Every square inch of space is used. we had to eat breakfast sitting sideways because there was no room to pull the chair out far enough to get our legs under the table.It's OK for a one-night stay, but I'll look for some place else the next time I go to London.	
Jun 4 2004	horrible!	Do not stay here! It is very inexpensive but not even worth the price. It is dirty, upkept poorly, difficult to carry any luggage in since there are 5 flights of stairs and no elevator. They require cash payment in advance. The rooms are bare, falling apart, and dirty. The bathrooms are shared and do not have soap, towels, and are scary. The windows don't shut tight and it is on a busy road, making sleepig hard because of the noise. There were ants in our rooms and we were told they couldn't do anything about it. The breakfast is small and not tasty at all. they bring it in to your room but it was an hour late. The service is not very helpful as it is hard to find the manageress and she is very slow and hesitatnt o repond to your needs. We left early it was so bad we couldn't stand it! Do not Stay here!!!!	
