Nov 17 2009 	It was like visiting Faulty Towers Terrible Hotel!!!!!!	Visited this hotel last weekend while going to the X Factor on the Saturday night, we arrived at 5pm and the greeting from the staff was very unprofessional and cold it was as if we should not have been there. When i tried to check in they had to check the fax they got 3 weeks earlier to confirm my stay as i wasn't on the arrivals list i was handed 2 large old fashion room keys and told where my room was and what time breakfast was at notjing else. I get into my room to find three beds an old style tv looks about 20 years old, some towels on my bed and some drawers and a cupboard. Take a look in the bathroom and it is filthy you could see the dirt all over the tiles and in between the grout in the shower, there were no toiletries as advertised when i booked the room. The carpet was filthy and you could see a build up of dirt where it had never been hoovered, there were cobwebs all over the ceiling, the bed sheets were no better either i ended up throwing my bed sheet on the floor as i refused to lie in a flithy bed cover. The heating wasn't on when we arrived and after checking the raditors to see how to turn them on i discovered that there was no way of turning them on or even turning them down if it got to hot, decided to watch some tv only to discover the tv channels were not tuned in properly so when you thought i'll watch BBC 1 you had to spend 5 minutes working out which channel it was on as they were all muddled up and it did not have a proper arial signal. Never got any sleep as there were a lot of parties going on in the room next to us which they done nothing about, i refused to eat breakfast the next day because all i kept thinking was if the rooms were that bad imagine what was happening in the kitchen. I'm surprised i never found any cochroaches in there. Overall my stay was a total nightmare from start to finish and i would advise anyone thinking about using this hotel no matter how cheap a price it is DON'T DO IT. In my opinion i can't believe there is a hotel in London still like that they should be closed down by enviromental health and should be ashamed of the state it is in. It's a shame becuase if they actually invested more money into it and trained their staff properly it would be an ideal hotel for Wembley area but instead it's like FAULTY TOWERS ONE OF THE WORST HOTELS IN WEMBLEY!!!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	OK hotel	This is a budget hotel and all that comes with it, quite cheap and a standard according to it (1 star). The rooms are small and so is the bathrooms. The staff is OK, helpful if you need help. We changed room because of problem with the shower. Breakfast is very simple, toast, butter, cereal.... Easy to access city centre 20 minutes by underground, hotel 300m from Wembley station. There are a lot of fastfood places close to the hotel and also a Primark (very cheap clothes). Now there should also by a Trimaxx open. If you don't expect too much this hotel is OK, you get a bed to sleep in and a place to take a shower. We might stay there again!	
Sep 2 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION FOR A WEMBLEY CONCERT AND PARKING AS WELL	This hotel was perfect in location when we went to see Take That,it was only a short walk to the Wembley Arena. But just remember it is a budget hotel and we were grateful for a bed for the night rather than a long drive home. The room was clean but cheaply decorated, the curtains didnt shut properly and the window was broken, but like i said it didnt matter, the volume of traffic and amount of people would of made getting home a pretty miserable experience. We were disapointed with the bar as they has literally run out of everything. I would recommend the hotel for a fleeting visit ie for the night after a concert but that would be it. It was ideal for a bed for the night . Because with the situation with the bar the next morning we chose to eat at wetherspoons just up the road, we found that the breakfast finished fairly early.	
Jul 9 2009 	good for the price	my daughter and i stayed here after seeing take that at wembley.the location is very good as we walked back from the stadium, which took 10mins .if you needed to drive any where you'd be stuck as theres so much traffic after an event.elm road where it is is a bit grotty ,but the hotel itself is ok for the price,it was clean and the breakfast was good,breakfast staff very friendly.ideal place just to get your head down for the night.we paid £37 on alpha rooms so for that price it was great. buses etc liturally 2 mins away.i would go back. i think these people who slag it off want luxury and to pay peanuts for it!	
Feb 8 2009 	Faulty Towers??	Unfortunately I cannot say one positive thing about our stay at this &quot;hotel.&quot; On arrival to this establishment, we were greeted by a locked door and the &quot;friendly&quot; cleaner's refused to acknowledge our presence. After knocking for several minutes and getting no where, I called Reception who finally came out to meet me. After waiting thirty minutes and being served a warm glass of Coke, adding approximately 200 calories to my diet, I looked up to see a &quot;cleaner&quot; peering over my shoulder at my finely packed suitcase full of clothes, questioning my belongings. Once we had checked in and ignored the stench billowing out of the female toilets on our way up to our room, we were met by a small, dirty room... nothing like the pictures show! (Even these are somewhat to be desired!). There was nothing appealing about this room as two of the sockets didn't produce electricity, the hair dryer we were very kindly provided with didn't produce any power, the cigarette box sized tv had five channels which was meant to have sky didnt work properly (using the remote control to change channel turned the TV off!), my bum sank in to the mattress, almost touching the floor. We were also provided with one towel each. The room was dirty so rather than use the wardrobe / cupboards provided, we lived our of our pink suitcases. The staff were unfriendly. When we said we would like to leave early, we were told we could not cancel our room for the third night unless we left that night. The walls are so thin, we could hear the person next door opening a packet of crisps. Probably Walkers Cheese and Onion.Location:Unfortunately when using the local bus service, we were picked on for closing a window which was causing a draft and messing up my friends hair.The locals made you feel about as welcome as a fart in a space suit.I would also recommend you do not go to the local Primark as it was messy and hard to find any items of clobber of the decent variety.Apart from the above, I had an enjoyable stay.	
May 5 2009 	Mejor de lo que esperaba		
