	Classy London base for business or pleasure	I stayed at the Dorset Square for 2 nights in late November 2009. It was the third time I'd used the hotel, but the first time for a year. Check in was handled professionally and courteously which set the scene for a pleasant stay characterised by excellent customer service, including in the restaurant...which returns later.My room was a delicately decorated single on the third floor with a view down Gloucester Place. It seemed a little more spacious than the room I'd previously had..perhaps because of the lighter tones in the decor. There were one or two minor niggles - the panel above the aircon unit was a little ill-fitting and tatty and one of the bathroom light bulbs needed replacing - there were also one or two rather odd little black &quot;bits&quot; that came out of the hot water tap when I had a bath! But as I say, these were minor; the room was warm, comfortable and well-equipped.Previously, the restaurant in the hotel was the &quot;Potting Shed&quot;- this was replaced in August 2009 with an Italian. I was initally rather sorry - I had enjoyed the quirkiness and the British cusine of the Potting Shed. I needen't have worried. The service and the food of the new Italian were absolutely excellent. I breakfasted there as well as dining on both nights of my stay and the high standard was maintained throughout.When I came to check out this was similarly handled with a smile, continuing the theme of old-fasioned courtesy and service.The Dorset Square is a well-run, well positioned (very close to Marylebone tube/rail station) classy, boutique hotel that offers an excellent base for the leisure or business traveller. I will be back.	
Nov 16 2009 	Why would you want to stay at a Hilton?	We stayed for two nights at the Dorset Square hotel recently. We managed to get a very good deal through Lastminute.com on one of their 'mystery hotels' - well worth booking this way, in the booking I had requested after reading other reviews that our room was higher than the 2nd floor and would be suitable for a couple - these requests were met - we had room 407 on the top floor, small but perfectly adequate for our needs, everything you could want was provided, mini bar, complementary toiletries. The rooms are all very traditional and unique, each with antique furniture and paintings on the walls - so very different to a large anonymous, impersonal hotel. The bathroom was rather small, but the shower is fantastic - so that makes up for it!The only thing that wasn't in the room which I would have liked was Tea &amp; Coffee facilities. It is rather nice to be able to make a drink when you want, rather than have to wait 20 minutes for one to be bought to your room. On one occassion when we ordered a pot of coffee for two, we were bought 2 pots of tea, I haven't drunk tea for about 14 years!A couple of nice touches are the newspaper which is outside your door every morning, the card detailing the weather for the following day and the shoe cleaning service. I'm not entirely sure why the restaurant of a traditional hotel is an Italian - not what you might expect.We would stay there over any other central London hotel any day of the week - the only location downside is that it isn't right in the centre, but then this has it's plus points - it's quiet for one.	
Nov 3 2009 	It's like staying at a London Club	My wife and I have just returned from this hotel staying two nights under an arrangement with Auctionair. It was our first visit but it wont be our last. We arrived midday on Saturday 31st October. It was slightly chaotic to begin with as our room wasnt quite ready but very soon everything was sorted out whilst we enjoyed sandwiches and a free glass of prosecco. Our room 102 was on the first floor facing out over Dorset Square resplendent in golden trees. It had a huge bed, two large windows suitably double glazed to keep out all but the very noisiest of motor bikes, bedecked with heavy braid curtains. The walls had a black flecked wall paper. The furniture was stressed to give a feel of a Victorian bedroom. But not the bathroom which was very modern, marble walls and washbasin, a bath with shower overhead (you worked the shower with side taps on the bath). The loo took rather a long time to refill but that would be the only criticism. Plenty of towels, flannels, hand towels, shower gels etc. Perfect. Oh yes , and SKY SPORTS 1 and 2....Our arrangement meant that we could dine in the hotel restaurant one evening. The current advertisement states that the restauarnt is English - the Potting Shed. But no more... it ceased trading four months ago. It is now an Italian restaurant and a good one too. Sadly it has yet to make itself known in the neighbourhood owing to restrictions on outside signs. A shame because we had a splendid four course meal , beautifully cooked and presented by very enthusiastic staff, mostly Italian but also a New Zealander. One Italian lass had been in London for around 16 weeks arriving here from Geno not knowing any English. Serena is now almost word perfect !! The meal cost - including the tip - £92. But the arrangement we had through Auctionair meant that the hotel picked up the tab !!The two breakfasts in the same restaurant underground were just about the best we have had in any London hotel. I had smoked salmon and scrambled egg which would have graced the table of Prince Charles (his favourite dish apparantely ), and next morning a full English which has only been equalled by the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong. Again this was included in our prepaid cost.But it was our last eating experience which surprised us the most. After a hard slog around London on Sunday afternoon we returned for English tea in the lounge. Wow ! More heaps of smoked salmon, toast, sandwiches, cakes, custard buns, fresh strawberries, muffin, butter, jam. The table was groaning and we had so much that there was no need to dine out that evening !So reader, if you are thinking of a true British stay then try here. One look at the visitors book will satisfy your questions. The only small downside is that the hotel is just outside the normal tourist area but a short walk will take you to Baker Street - yes Sherlock Holmes Museum nearby - fascinating, from where you can take buses 159 and 453 down to Pioccadilly and Trafalgar Square.We shall be back - thanks to Auctionair !Tony and Hilary IrelandCheltenhamAstrotravel	
Oct 22 2009 	dorset square was a wonderful hotel!!	My husband and I stayed in the Dorset Square and it was just lovely!! I would recommend to anyone. It is in a great location, and the staff where very helpful. What a great hotel...will be sure to stay again when visiting London!	
Oct 20 2009 	A really bad experience basement room and no breakfast.	We were looking forward to our 1-night stay having booked through air-miles. We checked in and were informed that we were getting an upgrade to a room with a 4-poster bed. Great ! But, we were taken aback when we found that the room was in the basement, also the wash basin was cracked and the television was not connected.  The main problem occurred in the restaurant in the morning when we tried to order breakfast. We kept asking each of the waitresses for tea and breakfast but they were unable to give us anything. One who spoke English said that this was because the water heater was broken and that they had to boil water in a kettle and that they had to do the bedroom orders first. There were several angry people in the restaurant as they also couldn't get breakfast. We saw the duty manager who apologised and told us that there were staff problems and equipment failure but he made no effort to get us breakfast . I left comments to this effect at the hotel and wrote to them when I got home but no reply. I contacted air-miles in September and after a months wait we were offered £20 compensation which we felt was derisory. Jennifer and Eddie	
Oct 15 2009 	Lovely and elegant hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights in September. We were happy with every aspect of this hotel. The rooms are beautifully decorated and the beds are very comfortable.The hotel is across the street from a gated park and the area is peaceful and quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel is close to Marlebone and Baker St. tubes, though we used Marlebone more b/c it is a nicer tube station. The hotel restaurant looked very nice although we never had a chance to eat there. The only possible negative thing I could say about Dorset Square was that the hotel staff didn't have many suggestions when it came to sightseeing in or around London. Other than that, it was perfect.	
Oct 14 2009 	Fantastic	Everything about the Dorset Square Hotel was fantastic. The room was beautiful and comfortable with a view over Dorset Square. The staff was helpful. I am especially pleased because I wanted to stay in a different part of London than I normally have, and the Dorset Square Hotel and the neighborhood fit the bill in every respect. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 28 2009 	SO English!	We absolutely enjoyed this hotel, it was very quaint and &quot;english&quot;. The service was excellent. The staff went out of their way to help us with what ever we needed. For example, we booked on Expedia and had requested a king room and we were given a double. The staff moved us to a king room after a phone call. The bathroom was very nice, extremely clean. The room was not large by North American standards but still roomy enough. My only complaint was the lack of anything to watch on TV, there were very few channels to choose from (but we didn't come to London to watch TV). The hotel is ideally located only a few blocks from the Marylebone Tube Station and a five minute walk from the Baker Street Tube Station. We would definately stay here again!	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel!	My Husband and I are well travelled and are from Toronto. We stayed at The Dorest Square Hotel for 2 nights in September and had a fantastic time. It was our first trip to London, and we were quite impressed with the friendly staff that awaited our arrival.The hotel Lobby has beautiful old charm ambience, and after travelling a few hours by train, it was fantastic to have fresh fruit awaiting our arrival in the hotel lobby. Complementary fruit for its guests was a very nice touch, which my Husband enjoyed every morning.Rooms are very clean and quiet, fresh towels, and a complementary news paper every morning was also a nice touch. Close to many restaurants and pubs by foot. We strongly recommend walking to “Fish Works” the best Fish n Chips in London. Also, it’s a must to purchase day tickets for &quot;The Original Tour London Sightseeing&quot; busses. For 20 GBP each you can hop on and off these busses as many times as you with in a 24 hour span and see all the major attractions without having to take regular transit or taxies…I rate this boutique hotel 4.5 out of 5 and would most definitely return again in the future.	
Sep 13 2009 	Will stay here the next time I go to London!	I lived this hotel. The room was beautiful, with a view of Dorset Square. The location was perfect. Two short blocks from the Marylebone Tube. The staff was friendly and helpful, as was the staff in their restaurant. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 13 2009 	Great hotel in every respect	Second time I have stayed at this great little hotel in central London. This time on business with important Italian business partner. The unique English styling and individuality was a great hit. Customer service was as fantastic as last time, and the new Italian resturant downstairs provided very high quality food at good value for money (Italian partner also confirmed this!)I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a convienient central location, but also wishes to stay in a real top class environment, rather than a &quot;cookie cutter&quot; hotel chain.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wonderful small hotel; Fabulous staff	This was the first stop on a vacation to London, Paris, Rome, and Sorrento with my mother. It was by far the best hotel of our trip. The charming rooms were beautifully decorated and the proximity to the Tube was great--easy walk to Baker Street and Marylebone stations. Although we weren't close enough to walk to any of the main tourist attractions, we found it nice to get away from those areas at the end of the day. Close to little grocery store and convenience store for picking up cheap drinks/snacks. The staff were absolutely superb. It was our first time to London and we had a lot of questions, but they were always happy to point us in the right direction. I started to list individual names, but in all honesty, everyone who works there deserves a big thank you. We had a few little glitches (safe wouldn't open and it had our stuff inside; the driver they arranged to take us to the theater refused to pick us up after the show; and one day breakfast started too late for us to make our tour). However, in every case, they worked with us to find a solution (giving the safe time to rest; getting us a new ride to/from the theater; providing pasties/juice early). Our only itty-bitty complaints? Expensive wi-fi. The water pressure in the shower was too good! It drenched everything in the bathroom everytime we used it. Breakfast was included in our rate, but we weren't sure which items on the menu were included (some weren't). Oh, and we had trouble with the tv...but we didn't care enough to bother asking for help which I'm sure we would have received. Overall, a wonderful stay!	
Jul 25 2009 	What A Gem!	This place was just great! the location was wonderful, not in the middle of the hustle and bustle but very close. great places to eat and an incredible pub around the corner (nice to walk home!!) the staff was just as good as it gets. the room as very large (after visiting 5 countries prior to our stay here, this room was the biggest). very very clean! bed was very comfortable. hotel restaurant was overpriced so we did not eat there. there is paid wifi only and its expensive, go down to a coffeeshop on baker street or internet cafe for ONE pound per hour versus 7 in the hotel. one little coffeshop offers it for free if you spend 3 pound. go to marleybone station it is just great, we used baker street until we realized marleybone was RIGHT THERE! hotel should do just a bit of a touch up on carpet and furnishings in the common areas, would make it more pleasant to sit in the lounge area. staff is top rated, i would stay here again.	
Jul 15 2009 	This is a classic hotel--comfortable a good value great location and full of character	My husband only stayed for one night, in transit after a week in Edinburgh, but we came away with a very favorable impression. The location couldn't be better, near Regent's Park and the restaurants and shops of Marylebone. We asked for a quiet room with a king size bed, and that's what we got. It was charmingly decorated in an old-fashioned style in chintz, but the bed was excellent and the bathroom roomy and completely up-to-date. The restaurant was closed for dinner because it was Sunday, but the staff steered us to an excellent bistro nearby. The public areas are quiet, with books, comfortable chairs, and an honor bar. I would definitely stay at this hotel in the future.	
Jun 27 2009 	A disaster	Asked to change room, front desk person was not honest about other rooms available. Room was on ground floor, carpet dirty, night tables dusty, bed vibrated and shook every time the trains which ran under the hotel went by, every five minutes until 1 AM and started up again at 5 AM. Spoke to management in morning, received apology and assurances they don't normally operate in this way. According to him, it was an inexperienced new person on duty. Individuals who worked in restaurant very courteous and friendly. I know other's like it, but our stay was a disaster!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Beautiful quaint Hotel absolutely amazing service!	We stayed here last minute, not knowing what it would be like. We were not only surprised but amazed at the lengths the employees particularly David, Joanna and Chris, went to to make us feel comfortable and give us any information we needed.The hotel itself is decorated beautifully in classic English style. I have nothing negative to say about the Dorset Square and it's staff. The hotel is great but the staff even better. Highly recommended.	
Jun 15 2009 	AMAZING SERVICE!	Wow, what helpful staff at the front desk. They were always there to lend advice, travel arrangements, food recommendations, reservations, etc. Especially great was Davide whom made me feel as if I were coming home every night late after work ended. The sitting room is a great place to unwind after a long day. The proximity to Regents park was great for runs and next to Marlyebone station - perfect location for a business trip when you are tired of the same old stuff from the boring chain hotels. Wish they had a gym or a gym membership somewhere.	
Jun 15 2009 	cant pick a fault	staff were more than helpful and even walked a few blocks to chase a cab for us. the hotel greeted us after the long flight from australia and was worth every penny. massive bed, comfy surroundings and a quiet but well located hotel. a double thumbs up.	
Jun 12 2009 	One of my favorite small hotels	I have stayed at the Dorset Square several times over a span of 20 years. The rooms are well decorated and appointed, and the bathrooms are well supplied and comfortable to use. There was ample storage space for clothes. On my last visit I was welcomed as a return guest and upgraded to adjoining rooms (there were 4 of us) on the top floor. The staff were extremely helpful and welcoming, and had answers to any questions quickly at hand. We enjoyed the restaurant for breakfast and once for an afternoon snack and drink, and we also enjoyed use of the honesty bar with some fellow travelers we met by chance. It was a bit rainy on our visit and it was helpful to have umbrellas supplied, and the hotel felt cozy in less than ideal weather. I will continue to stay here happily and recommend it to my friends and family.	
Jun 6 2009 	it exceeded expectations based on previous stays in London hotels	The hotel is well located [15 mins walk to Lords Cricket Ground and 2 tube stations] and opposite a small park .Although close to Marlebone Road and Baker St it was quiet.The rooms clean and well appointed although standard rooms were a tad small for all the luggage we had.The staff are the Hotels biggest asset very friendly and helpful. They allowed us a no charge late check out and after we checked out we sat around in their lounge for a couple of hours waiting for our shuttle bus they offered tea and coffee and came in for a chat to see if we were OK. Their restaurant for dinner and breakfast couldn't be faulted.The only downside was the minibar which was ineffective at keeping things cold .	
May 20 2009 	The Dorset Square is the best London hotel I know	My wife and I have stayed at the Dorset Square ten times since 2001. It is an ideal location for us--close to Regent's Park and with excellent Tube connections from Baker Street. More important it is quite,beautifully maintained and with a friendly,well-trained staff who always respond to requests cheerfully and helpfully. We have travelled widely and never found a better hotel--and seldom found any as good..	
May 18 2009 	This is a wonderful small hotel that goes out of their way for the customer.	We stayed in this hotel for three days in May. It is a fabulous location, across from the park and within a block or so of two underground stations. The staff is fabulous, and went the extra mile for us several times. The hotel is clean and comfortable. While a little small, the rooms are comfortable, have hi-speed internet service available, and excellent bathrooms with ultra modern fixtures and finishes and large tubs. We would definately stay there again and recommend it to our friends.	
May 9 2009 	Most comfortable bed I've ever had at a hotel	‘You did indeed exceed our expectations! Everyone was so nice and helpful; we loved our room, the location, the use of the private garden, the breakfast at the Potting Shed and the great pub next door. Clean, quiet, wonderful beds, excellent air conditioning, large tub, heated towel racks. Regent's Park, with the lovely Zoo, was one of our favorite sights and only blocks away. Five stars all around. We’ll be back!’	
May 5 2009 	Delightful small hotel on a lovely square close to tube stations	We had an excellent six-day stay. The room was small but more than adequate. The bathroom was large and modern. Breakfasts were great, and the restaurant also offered excellent other meals. The staff was always pleasant and helpful. The only negative was the need for better lighting at the desk area.	
May 4 2009 	need to have tea	good service and very friendly helpfull staff, room was nice but small ,we had no desk or table so doing your hair or makeup was a problem. there was no tea and coffee making facilities in the room which was the thing i least liked about the hotel , and because of this i would not go back which is a shame . they need to put a price list in the room for room service	
May 3 2009 	Made our Anniversary trip more relaxing	We would like to thank all the staff for their help &amp; friendliness. Our room was upgraded as it was our Silver Anniversary &amp; we found the location ideal for getting around the city. Many thanksDorothy &amp; Derek Chenery	
May 1 2009 	Comfort and welcome	I've stayed at this hotel on business an number of times and always well cared for. With my wife I stayed this time for three nights and enjoyed being cared for and supported by the staff who were available to give advice and directions whenever required. We had a wonderful time seeing the sights of London from an ideal base.	
Apr 27 2009 	Lovely hotel in perfect location	Just back from 2 nights at the Dorset Square. Found it to be perfectly located in Marleybone, near to Baker St tube station and within walking distance of Regents Park and Camden. The staff were really helpful and very friendly, and the room we got (having asked specifically for one at the front of the hotel) was lovely - not huge but plenty big enough for the two of us. Didn't get to use the restaurant or bar in the evenings as there was a wedding on both nights, but we had a drink in the (very pricey) 'honesty bar' in the drawing room. Would definitely return to this hotel, and would happily recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 21 2009 	Peaceful hotel with lovely staff	We stayed in the 4 poster room for the first night of our honeymoon - the staff are very helpful and friendly especially the South African porter and Nicholas the manager. The room and breakfast were lovely aswell.	
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastic Stay at the Dorset Square!	I recently spent a weekend with my partner at the Dorset Square and can only strongly recommend it to anyone - no matter if for business or pleasure! The staff is very friendly, the rooms are designed with high quality interior and very clean! We also went to the Restaurant for a great evening meal (fantastic fish and wine) and had a great breakfast the next morning! Go for the Italian Breakfast, something a bit differnt to the usual Full English, the sausages are great but ask one of the friendly staff to swap the Pancetta with the English Bacon - the perfect mix! Even the tea was great - loose leaf tea - which is very important to me! The location also ticks all boxes - a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street. Overall a great stay!	
Apr 16 2009 	lovely small hotel with central position but retaining a calm feeling	We would stay here again , the hotel is really attractive and well decorated. Charming staff - helpful but low key and restful in atmosphere. Our superior room was very well appointed with a view of the square. Very well placed to get to most places. The breakfast was in&quot; The Potting Shed &quot; restauraunt which was charming and it was a really good breakfast - I mention this as I notice that after criticism the manager posted a note on this site to say they had overhauled the breakfasts -and they have done a good job!!	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Choice Delightful Staff	We just returned from our visit to London visiting our daughter who studying abroad. Our visit was very pleasant and the hotel was an ideal choice. We would stay here again without question...clean, pleasant staff and covenient location in quite Marylebone neighborhood.	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent Staffhousekeeping and good value for this quality in London	Very enjoyable stay. Good location and much quieter than I thought with view of the square. Reception staff excellent, pleasant and helpful. Enjoyed to cricket connection.	
Mar 13 2009 	comfortable but breakfast poor. Ask not to be in room 14!	I stayed here for one night with my wife. The location is excellent: close to Marylebone station and Baker Street tube, and MArylebone road has loads of taxis, so getting around is easy. there is an NCP car park 100m away although it is pricey. The hotel is situated outside the Congestion Charge zone so is useful if you are coming into London by car.It is handy for Lord's Cricket Ground, Regent's Park London Zoo and Madame Tussaud's.Service is good with staff keen to help. Rooms are comfortable, not large but large enough. we were initally given room 14, right by reeption and the lift with a window opening onto the central service shaft; there was a loud fan running almost all the time which may distrub ome; we asked to be relocated and the staff were happy to move us to the 4th floor, facing the street but no intrusive noise; nice view across the square. The bed was comfy and the shower excellent: hot and powerful. Complementary bottle water by the bed, satellite TV and internet access but no kettle.The main disappointment was breakfast. we paid £12 for a continental style buffet. UNfortunately the food was poor, dried out croissants/pastries and dried out cheeses and meat. The tea and coffe good but service slow and somnolent. For example, our orange juice arrived after the toast and coffee. No containers for jam/honey which had to be smeared on the side of one's plate to bring it from the buffet. On the plus side, our table was wobbly, noticed by a waiteress and sorted without us having to mention it.In summary, the hotel is comfortablegood location, helpful staff but let down by breakfast. In retrospect I should have had breakfast in a nearby cafe.	
Feb 23 2009 	Central location homely comfortable tasteful London at its best	Superb location in Baker Street for sight seeing, shows, theatres, restaurants, cricket, football, the list is endless.	
Feb 18 2009 	Superb Service	I enjoyed my stay this week, the staff (hotel and restaurant) were superb. The beds are a bit too short for me but I was able to sleep fine by sleeping at a diagonal. This will not stop me from considering the Dorset Square Hotel during my next trip to London this year. Thanks.	
Feb 18 2009 	Le Petit Bijoux!	A little gem to stay at when in London! Everything is very personal. . Rooms feel like you are staying in a guest room of a friend's comfy home. Lovely colors, art work and a decorator's touch of pleasing fabrics and finishings. I have returned several times enjoyed my stay this time because of the room. It was bright, light and very comfortable. (It was an upgrade and I appreciate that very much!) And a sky light in the bathroom....PRICELESS! I love the hotel location, (a 5 minute walk from the Baker Street tube, a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street) the convenience of public transportation. (you can get a bus to Stansted and Luton airport right at the corner) Very good value! I will return again.	
Feb 16 2009	Great Week-end at the Dorset	Spent a week-end in this ideally situated hotel.The staff was charming and the room very cosy, clean and functional. Little attentions made you feel very welcome, like a bottle of water on the bedside tables every night.The atmosphere of the hotel is very english and as far as you want from the big chains like Hilton's &amp; Co.Definitely a great start to discover London!	
Feb 3 2009	Lording it up at Dorset Square	Just enjoyed a lovely night at the Dorset Square Hotel. I play cricket, so appreciated the heritage of Thomas Lord perhaps a little more than my girlfriend! The hotel is intimate and well-appointed and the staff friendly and professional. Free newspapers is the morning were a very nice touch. All-in-all a thoroughly enjoyable stay.Thank you!	
Jan 23 2009 	Lovely niche hotel	This hotel was really superb - the bar and food was my favourite and the name 'the potting shed' i thought really suited the hotel. The rooms were beautiful with high ceilings large beds and lovely bathrooms. The service was amazing from all of the staff and I would definately stay there again in a flash!	
Jan 22 2009 	Happy with Dorset	I have stayed at the Dorset Hotel twice in the last 4 months. The staff is always gracious and welcoming. The bedrooms are charming and the bathrooms are granite with heated towel racks. My room was always carefully cleaned and the housekeeping staff left me a note each day about the weather forecast. The Baker Street and Marylebone tube stations are both a few blocks away and provide east access to the rest of London. Rooms are typically small for London, but so well appointed that the size seems insignificant. I always look forward to seeing a new room, since they are all different. So far, I have not been disappointed.	
Jan 20 2009 	A welcome antidote to the many soulless alternatives.	This year I had the pleasure of spending the second weekend of January at Dorset Square. Being set in a charming Regency square the hotel’s façade is quintessentially English as is the interior’s décor. There’s a mixture of period features, classic pieces and antique furniture which provide for a warm, homely feel and make a refreshing change from the generic appearance typified by larger establishments. In keeping with the hotel’s style the staff have a friendly, personable manner which is both welcoming and attentive. Due to the wealth of restaurants in the West End I didn’t eat in the ‘Potting Shed’ but the breakfast was of the expected calibre, well prepared with ample choice. My visit was purely for leisure (site seeing, sales shopping and relaxation) and the hotel is well placed to satisfy all three within easy walking distance. As with any good host Dorset Square was more than accommodating and my stay was comfortable, satisfying and trouble free. All in all a welcome antidote to the many soulless alternatives, I look forward to my next visit.	
Jan 17 2009 	Perfect Start to the New Year	I stayed with my girlfriend at Dorset Square Hotel for the first time on New Years Eve, and on arrival we were greeted and felt welcomed by the Reception Team. A glass of champagne was also a nice touch as well. In the evening we dined in the Restaurant and again the service was attentive and the food exceptional. For anyone wanting a change, I would definitely recommend Dorset Square Hotel before any other.	
Dec 18 2008 	5 Star Service	Stayed at many hotels in the Small Luxury Hotels 'Club' and this doesn't dissapoint. I've stayed in some of the best hotels in London (Claridges, Langham tec.) and though this bijou hotel perhaps can't match some of these for glitz, it more than equals them for service. [Nick the new manager at the Dorset is the perfect host!].The Hotel itself is beautifully decorated with real character and has some great touches [an 'antique' Roberts Radio in my bedroom - 302]. Rather than staying in a more expensive generic mega-chain hotel (which I did on the Grosvenor square last friday) try this little taste of England in a quieter, but central, area of town.Thoroughly recommended. Will definitely stay again.	
Sep 13 2008 	London's Best Kept Secret	My stay in late July, at the Dorset Square Hotel in London was beyond all my expectations. It was my first stay at a 4* Hotel, but I wanted to explore other areas of London after years of staying at the Park Lane Icons. This Hotel was completely on the mark for those who want to experience London, not just the hotel. My Regency Room had a fabulous view of Dorset Square, large windows that opened to let in the afternoon breeze, comfortable bed, well designed bathroom, and a cosy seating area. I spent 2 weeks there with my daughter and 18 month old grandchild with no regrets about room size.The staff are friendly and attentive. The reception area was warm and inviting with fresh apples set on the dark wood reception desk,complimentary umbrellas for the times you forget to bring one from the room, and all the ambiance of an English Townhouse. Walking distance to Marylebone High Street.The rooms were kept immaculately clean, the carpets in good condition, the turn down service, complimentary bottled water each night and weather forcast card all very much appreciated.	
May 20 2008 	A great hotel	We stayed for 2 nights last weekend (we were at Lords for the 3rd day of the test) and what a lovely hotel. I'd read some of the more negative reviews on this site and considering what we were paying (£170 per night) I was slightly worried. I needn't have been. The hotel was great, the location was great and the staff very friendly. Our room was delighful and overlooked the square. I'm a light sleeper but neither the traffic noise (could hardly hear it) or the tube (again... could hardly hear it) caused me a problem.I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family and hope to stay there again soon.	
Feb 9 2008 	Standard 4* London hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed at Dorset Square for one night midweek in February, It's an inconspicous but quite attractive building, close to Marylebone Station and within 20 minutes walk of Oxford Street (shopping!), so it's a convenient location. I booked it through Laterooms for £150, which isn't all that much for a London hotel. Not cheap either, mind...Initial impressions were good - what a nice change to see the staff of a London hotel actually smile at you! Reception is well-appointed, although I bet when several people are trying to check in it must be a nightmare trying to fit people in - there's no real foyer to speak of.Check-in was fine and we went up to our room. Now, I've stayed in some small rooms, but I didn't think it would be quite so small! If it weren't for the zip-and-link bed I'd have sworn it were a single room. (Room 105, by the way). Still, although it was a small room, it was both clean, nicely furnished and well decorated, particularly the bathroom. No complaints about the standard of the room then (size nonwithstanding), and the huge window gave plenty of light. No, it's not quiet, but it's the middle of London - if you want quiet then stay elsewhere!As for quiet, I was surprised to clearly hear the Underground running beneath us when in bed, and the acoustics of the bathroom really amplified the sound. Don't get me wrong, the windows weren't rattling or anything, but light sleepers might be disturbed. Note that the Underground stops running around 12.30am though, so it wouldn't keep you awake all night.We didn't have dinner at the hotel, but we did go down for a drink (1 drink is complimentary by the way, which is a nice touch I'd like to see in more of the upmarket hotels). £32.50 for three drinks was a bit steep even for London, and given that the bar and restaurant aren't really very luxurious or well-stocked. I suppose most of the clientele get to charge it to expenses! Both restaurant and bar are underneath the hotel, which makes it feel like you're about two feet above the trains running beneath the floor! I personally found this an amusing, slighty charming accidental feature, but it might bother others. I'd advise the management to spend a little time on staff training in the bar, as we were needlessly ignored for several minutes despite being spotted, then the drinks were poured in the wrong measures, and I had to tell the barmaid/waitress how to make my drink anyway. We felt a little uncomfortable, as though we were an inconvenience, depite the place being near-empty.Check-out was fine and the hotel held our bags until the evening while we went out for the day.Overall I'd say that this is a nice hotel, better than some other 4* places I've stayed in London. It's really good that it has a less corporate-like atmosphere, and finding London hotel staff that actually smile at you is a blessing. It seems like such a minor point, but it makes you feel like a GUEST rather than customer No. 3657 that day. I was going to give Dorset Square 3 out of 5, but I think it's worth a little more because of the well-appointed public areas and room, plus friendly staff, so I'll give it 4, but do be aware that it's small if you book a standard room, and has noise from the Underground.	
Dec 5 2007	very nice hotel but choose carefully	I have been following these review threads with great interest as our family was slated to stay here for five nights over Thanksgiving. I was almost sick with anticipation when we entered our room. Would it be the smallest room ever encountered? Loud? Worn carpeting? Divine? Full of antiques and charm? Luckily for us, our experience was much more the latter than the former. We booked two rooms and had our junior year abroad daughter in for one night as well. So we have experience in three rooms. By far the best and most charming was room 101. I would highly recommend this room It was QUIET. Not on the street, quite roomy with enough room for two easy chairs and a desk (no, not huge but very comfortable) very luxurious bathroom (though I will say anyone with ambulatory issues might have difficulty getting in and out of the shower) again the bathroom was NOT huge. Very pretty with cheerful decorating and tons of charm. Room 100 was MUCH smaller though cozy enough for two. Again quiet, no traffic. Smaller bathroom too. The twin my daughter got was again very small but COMPLETELY charming. One twin, one chair and desk, small bathroom over looking the park but probably the coziest spot I have ever seen. My poor over roommated daughter nested in there like it was her job. She has very happy memories of that room. Not sure the # but it was catty corner to room 101. Didn't do the breakfast package, don't bother. There are two or three very decent coffee/tea pastries spots less than a half block away as well as a small fruit stand and decent grocery store. Makes it feel like you actually live there which is what I loved. No sterile, isolated hotel feeling here. Happy to clarify for anyone. I will check back.	
Oct 19 2007 	Delightful small hotel experience	2 parts to this review, good and badThe GOODGood location, easy to get to the tube. Local restaurants for grabbing a sandwich fast. The in hotel restaurant books out for dinner, so make reservations early, or go somewhere more fun! The room was delightful, very cosy, very tiny, but adorably cute and livable, and charming with fine materials, marble, wood, good quality cloth furnishings, very well decorated, a writing desk. The staff is helpful and polite. The manager was competent and friendly. I am bringing my family back to enjoy this hotel. I loved that my room looked out over a London street because it is a view I do not get in San Diego. A park, while nice, is not as interesting to me. There was no noise problem, because of double paned windows and climate control in the room. The food is very good. The sitting area off the reception is inviting, relaxed and it made me feel English. And they sent me a lovely bottle of wine for a foul-up. I wish I had taken a photo of the bathroom, the room was small, but the bathroom was roomy with marble and granite. The BadI booked this hotel via LastMinute.com and paid for it in full 3 weeks in advance. I had an early train that day from the North and arrived in London at 7:30 am. So I went to the hotel to drop off my luggage. When I arrived I was told, very politely, that they did not have a room for me for that night. I had to call LastMinute, who, an hour later, solved the problem, but I did not get the double room I had paid for, but I did receive a refund for the difference. And I was fine with the room I did get. However, initially, they were going to ship me to another hotel until I stood my ground.	
Oct 17 2007 	Avoid it if you can - especially Room 11	I booked through Hotel.com and paid £240 for a Superior room only to find out at check-in the rate was £180.00 and the hotel put this rate on the room card - not a good start. So, onward to the room and make a note of the number it is 11. You cannot miss it - it is right opposite Reception. The bed is big and the sheets are clean, the view is awful, the floor boards in the room directly above squeek, the vibrations from the underground are very evident, the shower is badly designed - bending round a screen and get drenched by the water and needless to say the location of the room adjacent to Reception is very noisy &amp; intrusive. Definitely would not return - ever, there are better choices in London.	
Jul 30 2007 	Everything about our stay was lovely	Our friends have recommended the Dorset Square Hotel to us as we were going on a romantic getaway to London. Since the arrival, we can not fault anything, the entire staffs was friendly, helpful and very professional, they knew everything about the area, recommended to us excellent plays and restaurants in nearby Marylebone village. The room was outstanding; it was facing the square, with a beautiful traditional English deco and immaculately clean. We loved the weather cards on the turndown and friendly smiles of the housekeeping staff. After our 3 nights stay at the Dorset we didn’t want to leave. We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants the central location, tasteful, good value-for-money and beautiful rooms and knowledgeable and always ready to help staff. Well done Dorset Square!	
Jul 7 2007	Small and noisy	I booked for 3 nights, but actually couldn't stand. The room was incredibly small and moreworse noisy. I can't understand why some people have highly evaluated this hotel. There was no merit to stay. I strongly recommend you not to choose this hotel.	
Jul 5 2007 	Dorset Square very disappointing	I read a review of the Dorset Square - now realize that the word &quot;intimate&quot; is a code word for small and cramped. That review was 2 years old and since then the price has gone up and the service down. There was 1 rude, young Indian man to check you in and a Serbian bellman who had difficulty communicating just to get the bags to the room. The bellman was friendly, but the reception man was not. He totally refused to let us see the room before checking in. Also, i am telling you that the carpeting not only is shot, but it is badly stained. In many places, it was disgusting. The room smelled of mildew. It was hot and the a/c did not cool it down quickly. It was so small, we couldn't store the luggage and walk around the bed. The bathroom window faced a busy street where people congregated. The plaster was peeling in several places. This is in addition to the neighborhood being out of the way and somewhat iffy. Maybe it is a 3 star, but given the price and how it was described, I had assumed it was a 4 star, whatever that really means. We tried to accept the room for a half hour or so, then called the Goring and left. We were charged for the night, which does bother us. However, the Goring was pleasant and we ended the trip on a high note. Honestly, the Dorset Square is a dump. It needs to be refurbished and better staffed before being recommended again.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great find in an amazing location	Just wanted to say how much we loved the Dorset Square. Perfect location for all the things we wished to see and do. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room we stayed in was facing the beautifull little square and we really liked the atmosphere in the hotel, furnished with the antiques, yet very clean and airy. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London and we will return as well.	
Jun 28 2007 	A Mother-Daughter Stay	We stayed at the Dorset Square Hotel for a bit of a higher price during the Wimbledon season during the summer of 2007. First greeted by the concierge-receptionest with a loss of a credit card, we took the elevator to the fourth foloor and entered the tiniest room either of had yet to see. The bathroom oversized the room and made you feel closterphobic by the walls surrounding, and immediately called down to go &quot;check out&quot; the other rooms, because neither could live in this room or $500 dollars a night. Eventually, we moved across the hall (room 406) to a slightly bigger rom with a beautiul veiw of the park. Entering the following days, the room stayed cool with a dream-like bed and leisure bathroom, but, the bathroom did not have any plugs for blow drying/straighting hair. The house keeping is extremely kind &amp; caring, and will ask you prefered times to clean your room. Everyone has a beautiful smile on their face. But, upon ordering room service in the morning, we discovered our &quot;free&quot; breakfast was one of the grossest experience of either of our lives. Everytime we ordered room service, they would forget something- from silverware to a whole meal. Finally, the eager tipping slowed down (as did they).You are sleep deprived by the cars zooming by (and can see the sunrise through the curtains at exactly 4 A.M.) and can hear the man next door pacing all night and chatting on the phone to his wife (acusing him of an affair) like he is sitting in your room. The location is fair, with a short walk to Oxford St., the most amazig shopping experience you will have. There are plenty of wonderful people surrounding by.Our central phone (one by bed &amp; bathroom) was broken, and th conciegre has not (on the last night of our one week stay) taken the time to fix it. Overall, the time had was absolutely phenomenal- but I will not suggest this quanit, overpriced hotel to anyone else. For this price, a goodnight sleep is required.Have a wonderful London stay.	
Jun 28 2007	Too much traffic noise	I have stayed at the Dorset Square Hotel over the past 6 years. Tthe experience has usually been enjoyable. However, this trip they put in a room at the back of the hotel which overlooks a main London road. This morning at 4:30AM the trucks and buses started to come by and being a somewhat light sleeper I could not sleep anymore. This morning I asked them to shift rooms to the front of the hotel. The desk clerk said &quot;no problem&quot; but when I returned after dinner I am in the same room. I expect another early morning tomorrow when the trucks begin to roll by.I recommend you do not stay at this hotel. It does have some English charm, but they do not seem to care sufficiently about their paying guests. I am shocked by the treatment--they had numerous people checking out today and they could have switched rooms for me.	
Jun 13 2007 	very sweet and individual	I booked after reviewing the feedback here. I was looking for a relatively cheap but decent hotel for 1 night in between meetings. I got a reasonable rate from [--]. It is v convenient for Marylebone. The welcome at reception was friendly and professional. I stayed in 401, and I didn't want to go out to my meeting! The room was quite small but very light and airy. The bathroom had a skylight which was nice. There was a bit of road noise, but I was so tired it didn't bother me. I didn't eat there but the menu and room service looked OK. They do a nice thing which is ordering your breakfast to go, and you pick it up at reception when you leave for the day - OK you won't get a full English, but you can get anything else from an apple and some water to a bacon butty and tea!Highly recommended!	
May 21 2007 	Sweet and Charming	We stayed at The Dorset Square when they were doing a special promotion for their restaurant The Potting Shed.The hotel was very sweet and we had a lovely room overlooking the square. The decor was quite English chintzy which although not to my taste, was done very well and looked very stylish. They had some nice touches like an umbrella you could borrow (which we did!) and they came to turn down your bed leaving you with a weather report for the next day. Bed abd room were all super clean and comrortable with a nice marble bathroom and power shower.We ate in the restaurant and the food really was exceptional and very reasonable. My only complaint would be that it was SO QUIET, despite it being almost full of guests. We were quite a loud party of 4 and I felt that we were constantly saying Sshhh to each other so as not to offend the other diners. They really need to add some music or add something to stop noise reverberating off every wall. Really fautless food and service but the atmosphere isn't quite right in the restaurant yet.	
Apr 19 2007 	Dorset Square is dingy with poor service	The hotel accommodations are modest and rooms need serious updating. The carpet in our room was completely worn and the bed spread had dark stains across it. The staff is neither knowledgeable nor helpful and as a result, the hotel suffers. Overall, we were very disappointed and would not stay at the Dorset again. It's expensive and not worth the cost. The restaurant is also modest and food was fair.	
Apr 15 2007 	Central London Hotel - Fair Price	We have just stayed 3 nights at the Dorset Square - and the experience - well:1) London in general is VERY expensive for hotels so I guess any Price/Quality ration can't really be compared. However for our rate (130£ pr night) it was &quot;OK&quot;2) Noise levels: You can hear some form of &quot;train&quot; (underground ?) - so it is not for the light sleeper3) Location is fine (close to BondSt station, within (long) walking distance of the shopping etc.) So all in all: OK experience - however I did not have the special &quot;luxery feel&quot; - it was OK, comfortable and painless in the middle of London. Fine - and I may consider staying here again.	
Feb 8 2007	Kerb appeal 	Nice looking hotel with kerb appeal, in a safe area.Booked with last minute a standard dble was the same price as a deluxe,which is what we booked.Reception staff pleasant &amp; helpful on arrivalVery nice room,compact but it's pointless having a 'Vegas suite' if you're not living in it !Well decorated with a soft bed and a very smart bathroom.Room had; hairdryer,robes,minibar/fridge, safe &amp; even an umbrella!Only thing missing was a kettle, but this was rustled up in minutes by the very helpful staff.This hotel is minutes from Baker street tube so access to most of London from 3/4 different tube lines is available.There is also a Tesco express down the way for T.bags &amp; milk !!The only negative was that the room was too hot.I like a cool bedroom at night and despite turning the ac down to 16 it was still too hot.Would recommend and use again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Very worth the money	After traveling in Europe and spending quite a bit of money for rooms we were pleasantly surprised at the value at this hotel. The rate was inclusive of taxes and breakfast and it was worth the price. The breakfast was excellent. We had many choices and the staff was quite pleasant even though they were all quite new and inexperienced at the front desk. They helped to get us good seats to some shows and tried to recommend restaurants although they are inexperienced at this. The room was small, but very nicely done with antiques and period furnishings. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was well equipped. We loved sleeping there. It was quiet and comfortable. Only one problem -- they need to replace the carpeting in the hallways. They are old and smelly. Not the rooms though. It was very clean. The restaurant is good and the prices are fair for a hotel in London. London is so expensive that I actually found this hotel to be a real bargain. I also liked the Marlybone location -- easy to get around the city from here.	
Oct 8 2006 	Small but Nice	We stayed at the Dorset Square in September 2006 and enjoyed the stay. First of all if you are expecting a North American style hotel room then look someplace different as that is not this hotel. The Hotel is older but in great shape and the rooms are very small but very nice (clean, good bed, hot shower). The location is what you are paying for as it is walking distance to major attractions, subway stops, restaurants and more. At night we did not hear a sound and we are both light sleeper, to be in London and feel removed from it all was great. It is about a 20 min walk to the major part of Oxford Street and lots of great shops and restaurants. The staff was mainly French and fairly helpful depending on what was asked. They had no problem getting us Theater Tickets but trying to get a good restaurant recommendation out of them was hard to do. Around the corner was a good pub Alstop Arms and just down the street was a great Indian Restaurant (best curry I have had in years). Good hotel but again the rooms very small! For the price good value.	
Sep 9 2006 	Dont' bother with breakfast	My room was next to some machine on the roof so forget about a good night's sleep.Buffet breakfast (£12.50 +£1.50 'service') was cereals, fruit , ham (1 sort), cheese (1 sort), bite-sized pastries, er... thats's it.Night porter offered alarm call, I asked for 7.30, good job I was awake already (see first point)	
Jul 28 2006 	A little Gem	My fiancé and I stayed at the Dorset Square for one night as part of our engagement celebration. The setting is perfect; five mins walk from Marylebone and very close to lots of good restaurants. For tourists, you are pretty much in central London for all the attractions.It is worth noting that this is a true boutique Hotel, meaning that personal service and eccentricity override some people’s expectations of large standardised rooms or bland buffet breakfasts. Our room was extraordinary, tiny and beautiful with original French silk period wallpaper and a Victorian bathroom. You have to decide to love its elegance and individuality; if you start to get irritable with the weak shower or the sash window which had a tendency to crash down without warning, you’re missing the point.Breakfast was 1st class in the modern Potting Shed downstairs; free range sausages, bacon and hand-picked duck eggs are not all that common in London, and through the door gap to the kitchen I caught a glimpse of our waiter squeezing blood-oranges for my juice. Now that is fresh!Service was understated but not rude, and they went out of their way to help; we returned with my entire family at midnight from our meal and the concierge on the front desk brought us steaming hot pots of tea and hot chocolate as we sat in the study. He even included a small plate of handmade biscuits. All this at midnight. We were very impressed.It failed only in the bed department (a fondness for eccentricity does not, in my mind, run to how well I sleep!). A tiny double bed, with a mattress built around the same time as the hotel. Pillows were ok, but not up to the rest of the Hotel’s standard. Thus 4* rather than 5.All in all an extremely memorable stay.	
Jun 20 2006	Charming London Hotel	I stayed at the Dorset in Feb. with my new husband for the first half of our honeymoon. It was a totally enjoyable stay. The room we stayed on was on the second floor. It was tastefully decorated with a nice size closet, small fridge, and desk. The bathroom was georgeous. A strong shower with an extra deep tub. Upon arrival, the kind bell hop carried our heavy luggage up to our room for us. The concierge was very helpful and accomodating. They arranged and/or assisted us with all the tours and excursions we went on. Each night we returned to a turned down bed with large bottles of water waiting for us. The room was small, but I hear its true of most European hotel rooms. Yes, the TV was small, but when I am on vacation TV is not a major issue. The hotel was close to 2 tube stops so travel was insanely easy. I would definitely recommend the Dorset to anyone looking for a quaint British hotel with lots of charm and hospitality. If you are looking for a hotel with all of decadent American amenities, this may not be the place for you.	
Jun 15 2006	Worst night ever	I strongly advise travellers to avoid the Dorset Square hotel in London. In this 4 stars hotel and for euros 275, I spent one of my worse night ever (probably slept 3 hours in total)Walls are so thin that you can hear everything surrounding the room and everytime someone walks by you have the impression that he is in your room, 1 inch space under the entry door, bathroom ridiculously small, AC so noisy that you must turn it off, 1 star hotel like TV with no cable, windows not isolated while heavy traffic outside. AVOID	
Jan 10 2006	Loved the Dorset	After countless hours searching for a hotel in London for our family of 4, we hit the jackpot. We spent 4 days/nights in London with our 3.5 year old and our 20 month old, mid-November of 2005. It seemed like an impossible task to find a hotel to house the 4 of us, that got consistently good reviews, that had decent sized rooms, good location to the tube, and that wouldn't break the bank. FINALLY, I stumbled acrossed a special that the Dorset Square was having -look at slh. They have a weekend special for Thurs, Fri, Sat, and Sun nights for 100 pounds/night. That price includes VAT and breakfast (for our whole family). The hotel was kind enough to give us the same rate even though we stayed through Mon night. About the hotel. This was truly a luxury hotel. The staff was phenominal. Immediatley when we got there the doorman was outside unloading our heavily loaded down taxi, and helping after the kids. Reception was very nice and helpful. Our room was gorgeous. While we didn't actually have a room that slept all of us in beds, they allowed us to make a bed on the floor for our daughter, and they provided us a portable crib for our son free of charge. We had a gorgeous king-sized bed (which worked out great since that's where our daughter ended up sleeping - with us). The room was good-sized I'm assuming for London standards. We were not crowded at all, even with the port-a-crib. The hotel stored some of our luggage for us in another room (that we didn't need until our next destination). The room was very clean, and had nice touches. Bathrobes, nice towels (&amp; washcloths), shampoos, soaps, etc. They even gave complimentarty bottled waters every day. The breakfast is served down in the Potting Shed Restaurant downstairs. There was a good selection of food. We were a little confused with what we were allowed to order since our breakfast was included. We got different answers from different people working. I thought for sure we were going to get a bill since we apparently ordered more than what was included - but we didn't. Once, my husband went down to get the rest of us breakfast as we had slept in late (time change). The people at the restaurant said they would bring it up to us. They served it beautifully room-service style. I thought we would get a bill for that, but we didn't. Another time my husband went to grab us food we could eat on the tube as we were running late. Again they said they would pack us a breakfast to go. Later that day I read a sign hanging on our door knob inside our room that had prices for boxed breakfasts (outrageous prices! - like it would have been a $50 breakfast for everything they gave us). And still they did not charge us for them. The tube is only 2 blocks away - and it is a pretty direct station. There is an internet cafe a block and a half away. There is a little market just a block away where you can buy a few groceries. There is a small fridge in the room stocked with over-priced items. We took those out and filled it with our own snacks and drinks. We just loved this hotel. I would definitely stay there again, and definitely recommend it to anyone I know. Hope this review helps!	
Oct 30 2005	Excellent!	Stayed for 1 night while attending a wedding London. Fantastic from start to finish. Needed ideally to book in early which was easily arranged for us. Room ideal for us and bathroom spotless with very powerful shower. Reception staff and concierge could not have been more helpful, especially concierge who when struggling to hail a taxi for us ran to the Station on our behalf!! We did have an excellent deal which appeared to be less than half of normal rates, which included a superb full english breakfast in The Potting Shed restaurant attached. We did not have dinner but if breakfast was anything to go by would not think twice about eating there. Another couple of small details which enhanced our stay was the bottles of mineral water left at turn down and complimentary Sunday paper. Our only minor quibble was the cost of our room service sandwiches which we felt were a tad pricey. Location was also ideal, close to Marylebone and we felt safe even returning at 0130 hrs.Would definitely go back!	
Oct 3 2005	Lovely hotel	A friend and I booked a twin room at the Dorset only to be given single rooms when we arrived which only cost us £60.00 each with breakfast included - the hotel was really lovely and cosy and close to everything - we were going to Live8 at Hyde Park which we walked to - when we arrived back very late they brought us tea and biscuits at no further cost - a lovely hotel highly recommended. Lovely staff and lovely cosy rooms - spotlessly clean.	
Aug 28 2005	Perfect place to stay......	Having recently returned from our trip to London we felt we had to let others know just how much we enjoyed our stay at the Dorset Square Hotel. We simply cannot fault anything... the staff were courteous, helpful and attentive. The room was decorated beautifully and was spotlessly clean. The food was delicious. The hotel is situated in the heart of London and after a hard days shopping and sight seeing it was a welcome relief to arrive back to such luxury.	
Jul 5 2005	Great location but really small	My husband and I stayed here in late June 2005, and found the location fantastic. You are close to Marylebone station, Baker Street station and are within walking distance to Oxford Street and Regents Park. We were wowed when we first came in as it was so quaint, our room wasn't ready but we waited in the reading room which was very cute. Staff were great. We got a room on the 3rd floor - it was neat but so, so small. For the two of us with a trolley bag each, there was hardly any space to move. The double bed was small and was full of pillows... the only place we had to chuck two of the large pillows were on the floor against the main door, in order to go to sleep. Although we were right on Dorset Square, you could hardly hear the traffic which was great. Don't expect to sleep in though in the mornings. The walls are paper thin, and when the cleaning staff start vacuuming the hallways or the next room, you will definitely be woken up.Breakfast is not included in the price (which was a bit on the high side but which probably located the location more than facilities), so we just went to Baker Street for coffee.We bumped into another guest once (hallways are so narrow you have to give way to one another) moving rooms, complaining to us that his air-conditioning wasn't working. As the rooms are so small he said that the heat being generated from the minibar was actually making the room hot!All in all, all right for a couple of days' stay. But we left wondering why it was one of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World.	
May 9 2005	Great but Pricey	I've been staying at the Dorset Square for over a decade now, this however my first stay in the past five years. The hotel is quintessentially British; don't expect huge rooms or a great bargain, but you'll be charmed with exceptional hospitality, lovely details and a great location - just steps from either Marylebone train station or Baker St tube. One grip though was the price for continental breakfast. Absolutely nothing exceptional and completely average, it cost my wife and I over US$60 since everything else nearby was closed that Sunday. So definitely avoid their Potting Shed restaurant.	
Dec 2 2004	Fabulous Hotel	We stayed at the Dorset Nov. 19, 2004 - Nov. 25, 2004. It is a great Botique style hotel. It overlooks a park in a quiet section in Marylebone.It is just a short walk to Baker St. and shopping on Oxford St.The room was decorated in all red and was a welcome place to call home.Plasma tv, shortwave radio, marble bath, thick towels. Two large confortable chairs to relax in. Superb room.The staff is very professional. Wayne Davis the GM is approachable and asked about our stay. Diane who runs the Pottiing Shed restaurant was a superb host to us, and the live jazz music on Friday night was great.Nice sitting room with a firepalce in the lobby to relax.Housekeeping was great the room was immaculate.	
Nov 8 2004	Lovely hotel in a quiet spot	I stayed here at the end of Oct 04 with my two children ages 8 and 11. The hotel is beautifully decorated and just a short walk from Baker Street Station on a quiet square. The staff were friendly. My only complaint was the price of the breakfast, which was, like all other London Hotels, very expensive. You can get all-day breakfasts from cafes on Marylebone on the way to the tube station for about £4, so save yourselve £8 and do that.	
Nov 26 2003	I love this hotel!	I've stayed in this hotel 3 times in 3 years, and highly recommend it to anyone sick of &quot;cookie cutter&quot; hotel chains. Each room, though small by American standards, is decorated uniquely in English country style. The staff is always kind and accommodating. The location is perfect. I can't wait to go back!	
Nov 17 2003	Not a great stay.	Not a great experience. For $365 a night I would have expected something better. Tiny, hot rooms, erratic and sometimes surly service, and not a perfect location. I don't know that I'd suggest if you have this kind of money that you should spend it here - either stay at someplace cheap (where you expect lousy service and mediocre rooms) and spend your money elsewhere, or spend a little more and go for something that has to be better.	
Jun 13 2003	Overpriced and Overrated	My wife and I stayed here during the spring of 1998 (so in all fairness it has been a while). We had stayed in 4 different places throughout GB on our 2 week trip and this was our least favorite. It was pretty well located in London, However it was the literally the smallest room for the highest price I've ever paid. The elevator was so slow that we finally just would take the stairs up to our 4TH FLOOR ROOM. All in all, the room was clean and not a terrible place, but I wouldn't stay there again.	
Sep 14 2002	High Marks for the Dorset Square	My husband and I stayed at the Dorset Square while honeymooning in London in August 1998 after reading a recommendation in Fodor's. We enjoyed our visit so much that we returned in April 2000. The Dorset Square is a lovely small hotel with a staff of friendly, efficient concierges, all of whom consistently went out of their way to make our visits to London enjoyable. The charming decor is reminiscent of a well-appointed country house, and style exudes throughout. The hotel's restaurant, The Potting Shed, serves a delicious full English breakfast which should not be missed before heading out for a day of meetings or sight-seeing. Conveniently located near the Baker Street tube stop and the beautiful Regent's Park, the Dorset Square Hotel is ideal for anyone looking for an affordable luxury hotel.	
Jul 3 2002	Great place to stay	I have not been to the Dorset Square in a few years but used to stay there all of the time when I went to London on business trips in the early to late 1990's. It is a wonderful little place. The least expensive rooms are *very* small but the medium priced rooms are fine and the higher priced rooms are absolutely wonderful. Lots of antiques, beautiful fabrics, marble bathrooms, etc. The staff is lovely - they always remembered my name and, because I was a repeat customer, always left a nice box of &quot;welcome back&quot; chocolates in my room upon my arrival. It never felt like a hotel to me but more like a beautiful home where the staff consisted of my eccentric aunts, uncles, and cousins. When I travel, I usually like to find small, elegant hotels in the suburbs right outside the city. This definitely fit the bill: it is not quite in the burbs but it the northern end, right on the border of Regents Park. Very leafy and residential but only a very short tube ride to downtown. Right near the Baker Street tube entrance. I also enjoyed the delicious breakfasts and room service.	
Mar 26 2002	Dorset Square--I recommend it!	My husband and I spent 6 nights here in June 2000. We had a lovely, spacious room with a view of the square from which the hotel derives its name. The service was first rate. The staff was very attentive and accommodated all our requests. We thought the location was very convenient: it is about a block away from an Underground station, and just a couple of blocks from Regents Park, which is a great place for leisurely strolls and people watching. I highly recommend it and we will stay there again the next time we are in London.	
Feb 14 2002	An opinion about Dorset Square Hotel London	The Dorset Square Hotel is a conveniently located, moderately priced luxury hotel. It is less than three blocks from the Wax museum in London. Across the street is a pleasant, peaceful park named (what else) Dorset Square, which adds to the quiet ambiance. This is despite the proximity of busy streets and tourist attractions.We were there for three nights in April, 2000 and really enjoyed our stay. Their restaurant served an excellent breakfast, and offered both English and European fare. Buses and taxi's were easy to catch, and some great night spots were a short distance away.This hotel has my recommendation.	
Sep 29 2009	???????????????????????????		
Feb 18 2009 	???????????????		
Feb 5 2009 	Buono Il DorsetSquare Hotel		
Feb 3 2009 	Mucho encanto en un pequeño hotel		
Jan 25 2009 	tutto perfetto		
Dec 6 2008 	ottimo soggiorno al Dorset Square Hotel		
