Nov 18 2009 	Great Value London Hotel	Hotel is short walk from Bayswater underground-improving area with good shops and numerous places to eat and drink. All the main chains are here and a lot of arab and thai establishments, which looked nice. Also some nice looking pubs-an improving area it appeared. Took two rooms on third floor. (303/308) For the price £74 each they were exceptional value. Rooms modern and hotel was clean including rooms. Cleaning staff all over and busy fair play. Power shower good as was tv and small kitchen/mini bar. These rooms are really good value, with modern furniture and wooden floors. The size was also not a problem and more than enough with a desk and kitchenette. The reception were fine as was communication before hand. Based on this visit I would certainly book again and I was pleasantly surprised with everything. I am quite happy to slate bad service, but in all fairness I found the hotel way above my expectations. Other rooms may be different who knows but these were great. Small hotel making a go of it at really affordable prices.	
Nov 13 2009 	Was ok but i wouldn't go back.	This hotel can be summed up in one word...ok. The reception is very nice but a lot smaller than it looks on the website! The 'reception' is actually an office you need to walk into and the guy on the desk wasn't very friendly - he wasn't unfriendly, he just didn't speak once except to ask for a credit card.After going to our room in the basement, it was quite nice and very clean if maybe a bit on the small side (then again it is London!) but the bathroom is horribly small! You don't really have any room to dry yourself out of the shower as there is just enough room for the sink and toilet squeezed in!Within 10 mins we had actually rang to get moved rooms as there was a generator outside the room which was really loud - but we were told it doesn't stay on at night so we decided to stay. The first night there was no noise, but the 2nd night it stayed on all night and didn't get a wink of sleep so if you get this room...MOVE!Great location near Bayswater stop (5 min walk) and lovely little town around with some nice restaurants.When we went to leave, there was one person on who seemed to be putting about 20 bags on hold - we tried to just hand in the key as we were in a rush to catch our flight but she made us wait for 10 mins until she was finished! All in all it was grand, but you can get better for the price in London so i won't be coming back!	
Nov 13 2009 	GOOD FOR DWARFS	We choose this hotel because we wanted to stay near Hyde Park and we were looking for a hotel in a moddle range of price. This hotel is simply to avoid because:1) The room and the bath were simply too little. You have to walk close to the wall to avoid the bed! The same think you can say about the bath!!!2) The Rececption man who did the check in was really harsh.3) They ask for money for everythink!!!: 5 GPB for the adapter of the cellular charger, 5 GBP to take the lugguage in the receprion the day of check out-absurd.In your interest---AVOID THIS HOTEL! ;)	
Oct 21 2009 	Perfect for what we needed it for	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel whist going to the Wireless festival on Hyde Park - the location was good had a few shops around and Bayswater station really close. The rooms are very modern which are just the right size.The bathroom was clean but you could see where they havent been clean around all the nooks and crannies!!! a good thing about the bathroom was it had free Dove hand and shower gel which was nice ! If i was returning to this area i would stay here again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Absolut Horror - It STINKS	My parents and I booked the hotel in order for us to relax before running a Half - Marathon. We entered the room and it smelled of rotten eggs in the bathroom which eventually spread into the sleeping room. Everytime a guest above us flushed the toilet, the smell became more disgusting and revolting. The pipes of the old building were so loud and the walls are so thin that it was impossible to sleep.We tried to pick up the issue with the hotel staff but it's like talking to the wall.... there were not interested and when we asked for a refund we were only giving a 10% discount by a receptionist that could not say sorry ONCE for the whole experience. She kept on phoning her manager ZANA CUK who would not even talk to us. Even though that hotel could not provide us with the basic human needs like having a peaceful sleep, going to the toilett and we could even have shower in the morning because of the smell.After all that dissapointment we had to run a half marathon....Whatever you do, don't stay in that hotel. Nobody cares if you even get a sleep.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good Value and Would Return	Overall this is a good hotel to stay in if you're on a tight budget but want a clean and modern hotel. Bizarrely, though, my trip there did not get off to a great start...I arrived at the hotel at around 00:30 and was greeted by the only negative element of our stay - a man void of any courtesy or acknowledgement that you are what's known as a guest. He looked like he'd been dragged out of a hedge sideways too. I don't normally judge people like this but when you work in a service-based industry you should always present yourself well. t felt as though I'd intruded into his living room.I had pre-paid for my stay through an online agent. He asked for my credit card which I, at the time, thought was normal, maybe in case I broke anything in the hotel. He took my credit card and said &quot;£360 - is that OK?&quot; I was a little stumped... &quot;Err, but I've already paid this online!&quot; In a very &quot;don't mess with me&quot; tone, he said &quot;Nnnnno you haven't...&quot;. I certainly didn't have the funds to pay this a second time around and sort out later and I wondered what I'd got myself into.After some convincing (namely by showing him evidence of my receipt about four times over) and his mumblings about &quot;some agents don't pay us&quot; he gave me the keycard and told me he'd contact me if any payment needed to be sorted out. I was too tired at that time to even say &quot;No you won't because there's nothing to discuss!&quot; so I just went to my room.You could immediately tell that the hotel had been recently refurbished. The best I can describe it is a high end Ikea-like standard. The life and corridors were all new and it had a quality feel to the place - for a budget hotel. The room doors were thick and meaty.Upon entering my room I was immediately impressed. It's always a relief to walk into a hotel room for the first time and get the &quot;thank God it's nice and clean and spacious&quot; feeling!There was plenty of space around the beds and plenty of room for manoeuvre. Most London hotels are small but this was at the large end of small. The TV was a large flatscreen and came with all Freeview channels. Furniture-wise there was a desk, a chest of drawers and a wardrobe - standard in most hotels. All elements seemed relatively new.Not sure whether this is a good thing or a bad thing but there was a kitchenette in the room. Handy having a refrigerator but I doubt many people who tour London are going to be making BeanFeast in their room and I'm not so keen on the idea of having a kitchenette right next to my bed! I think the quality of the room was spoiled by this.The bed was not naff in any sense of the word but I'd agree with other reviewers that it was hard. It wasn't uncomfortable as such but I stayed here for five nights and I'll hold my hands up and say that I was glad to get back to my own bed after that length of time.The bathroom was small and cramped but if there's only one person in there then you can't really complain. I'd rather have a small refurbished bathroom than a larger dirty old bathroom. The shower cubicle was a tight fit although the water pressure was good.The view from the room was nice enough - buildings of the same height are situated across the road but they're certainly not an eye sore. You can view a leafy sqaure just to the left. It was nice to look out of the window and relax.Maids came to change our sheets on a bi-daily basis and the rest of the staff were courteous and helpful.The location is quite good - Bayswater tube station is only 5 minutes walk away and once you have Tube access you can get to anywhere in London very easily. Bayswater itself has plenty of restaurants and cafes to choose from, although you are really limiting yourself if you just stay in the area.We only saw the original guy who 'greeted' me on the second night of our stay. He was smoking in the porch area - and did not return our &quot;Hello&quot;, but instead proceeded to loiter and stare at us. I suspect he is the owner but that place would be better off without him lingering around. He made us feel nervous. If it wasn't for him I'd probably have given this place 4 stars.The hotel itself is a great find if you're looking at a budget of around £70 per night. I'd certainly recommend it to friends.	
Jul 20 2009 	careful with the mousetrap!!!	I spent 3 days with my daughter in this hotel and it was her who discovered that we had a mouse trap next to our bed!!! .They offered to remove it but I thought that would be even worse if there was a mouse around.The fire alarm went off twice while we were there (once at 7am). The guy at the reception told me it must have been a burnt toast, therefore it was a guest´s fault not the hotel´s. He even thought it was really funny.The housekeeper left all the windows wide open on the first day (we were on the first floor with an scafolding next to us) which was very unsafe. On the second day she came to do the room in the evening, a bit too late then.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	The Hyde Park hotel was really nice I stayed for 5 nights, wasnt too sure what to expect as I had read the reviews after my travel agent had booked the hotel however I was pleasantly suprised when I arrived.The Pros: Excellent location only a few mins walk to the tube stations, heaps of resturaunts and fast food outlets also a few mins walk, close to hyde park/kensington gardens, and also a small department store for shopping etc close by. The room also has a kitchenette facility which is really handy. The hotel also looks very modern with its furniture etc and is very clean. Very friendly and helpful staff.The Cons: The rooms are a bit small however this is fairly standard for London hotels so was not suprised, the bathroom is also small. The walls are also a little thin as you can hear what your neighbours are saying. Apart from that I cant say a single bad thing about this hotel.I did not find the beds to be hard like some of the other reviews and actually had slept really well. Overall would definately recommend this hotel if you are after a modern, clean hotel in central london and would definately book this hotel again for my next visit.	
Mar 23 2009 	Smallest Bathrooms EVER!!!!!	Cons:Smallest Bathroom EVER!!! (you can barely sit on the toilet without hitting the sink!) Difficult to find (a London Black Cab Driver wasn't even familiar w/the street!)No free internet accessPros:Close to Paddington, bus stops, restaurants, etc.Not busy, very quietThere are better choices with the same perks. I would not stay here again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Can't recommend	I can not really recommend this hotel. You will find better hotels in London even for the okay rate they offered.Issues are: REALLY hard beds! I saw the related reviews on TripAdvisor before I made the reservation, although I thought I will be okay with the mentioned hard beds, as I generally prefer it that way. But the mattresses in this hotel are like sleeping on a wooden board!!The hotel has been refurbished in 2007, though the interior looks shabby already now.Chewing gum was sticking on the floor at three spots in my room. In general a few areas in my room were quite dusty, so I find the service of house keeping poor.Good: Location. Hotel is located nearby Paddington station and in walking distance to Notting Hill and Westbourne Grove with lovely shops and restaurants.In general the hotel is okay, but I stayed already in better ones for a similar rate.	
Jul 24 2008 	cold 	The things i remember most about this hotel were its small cramped bathrooms, tv that had a mind of its own, hard beds, cold shower, and the owner loving roxette. the breakfast downstairs was expensive too, but tasty! the location is pretty good, only a short walk to the bus &amp; paddington station.	
Jul 19 2008 	Not bad but not good either	While this hotel is wonderfully located in a calm street, recently redecorated and with decent staff, my opinion is it's too expensive for the lack of comfort it offers.During my stay I greatly appreciated the newness of my room and bathroom, but sadly missed a comfortable bed instead of the stylish but extremely hard and high one offered. The complete lack of Internet access for guest and the odd shape of my very small room are some of the additional reasons why I will not be returning to this hotel.	
May 24 2008 	not good not recommending	although the place have been newly kitted location scarey as @ night its dark young people on the streets smoking etc... was not happy with the area and i found the manager very cold the beds were like concrete they may ahve spent money inside but please the cheapest beds in town im sorry buti would not recommend it I had to move as i was here for long term found another sorry do not go there all that glitters is not gold!!	
Apr 4 2008 	Great for a Short Break!	Myself and my boyfriend were in London for one night to see a west end show and decided to book a room at The Hyde Park Hotel. The hotel is tastefully decorated, modern and clean. Our room was compact with everything we needed and enough room for both of us to get ready for our night out.The bed was firm but comfortable, I slept very well. It was not, however, concrete as another customer has noted. The area was very quiet at night.The location was ideal for getting into London, with a 5 min walk to Bayswater tube station, this got us into Covent Garden in around 20mins.Overall we had a really enjoyable and pleasant stay at this hotel, I would return there again and recommend it to a friend.	
Dec 12 2007 	Concrete Bed!	My husband and I spent one night at the Hyde Park hotel prior to our return flight back to the USA from Heathrow. I stayed here based on the first and only review I saw on TripAdvisor in addition to spending hours trying to find something decent at a reasonable price for the last night of our stay. We booked hotel via Venere.com for 120 Pounds Sterling, which was a very good price compared to other hotels in the area.Location is good as short cab ride to Paddington. Walking distance to restaurants and shops. Hotel is newly renovated and very tastefully done. Room was small, but I expected that in London at this price. Everything was new which was nice. Small kitchenette and shower, but it worked for our needs. Unfortuntately the issues were:Bed was like sleeping on a concrete slab! I cannot emphasize this enough. It was absoutely awful and I was awake most of the night! They obviously spent a fortune on the restoration but must have run short on cash when it came to buying the beds. I have traveled a lot and slept in some pretty uncomfortable places, but I honestly think I would have slept better on a park bench! I did mention this to the person I checked out with the following morning and they apologized. Hallways are hardwood, so every footstep outside your room can be heard....especially if female and in heels! Room walls are thin and windows not sound proofed, which surprised me for such a beautiful renovation. I hate to write a bad review about this place because it is a beautiful hotel, but if you don't get an ounce of sleep, then it is not worth recommending to others. Would have been fine otherwise.	
Dec 11 2007 	Disappointing	Booked room through Wotif at £120 (rack rate £180). This hotel is &quot;self catering&quot; (ie no food inc breakfast!) and each room has a kitchenette. My wife and I arrved for a birthday treat in London. The hotel is quite difficult to find at the back of Whiteley's dept store. When we arrived, checked in easily but were taken downstairs to the basement (610) to a very small room (by European standards!!!) or &quot;a cell&quot; as my wife described it. This is slightly unfair as all the furniture and fittings were new and to a good quality but it was claustrophobic with low ceings. However, there was no real view outside (one window blocked off and the other looking out over a fire escape. Bizarrely for a self catering hotel, the kitchenette was tiny an contained only one crockery setting.; there was a huge table in the room but only one chair making dining impossible. The bathroom was even worse as lthough it was brand new it was tiny and you could not wash with the door shut.Beds were hard - I disliked but my wife liked. No drawer space and wardrobe simply an open rail. No hotel instructions or London guides in room. There was wired internet access but did not use. Fortunately only staying one night. Would not have stayed any longer in this room.Good points: newly refurbished , quiet and good location for this part of London - Bayswater. (Excellent restaurants nearby especially Persian.) Bad points: tiny room and no extra facilities. Cannot recommend.Please note that Bayswater is a fair journey from central London (bus journey or several tube stops).On departure, receptionist admitted that this room was meant to be part of a family option and not really a double, adult room.	
Nov 7 2007 	chic boutique on a budget!	i stumbled on this place as i wanted a small boutique hotel nr my home for a long stay as i was flooded out due to a leak and the insurance company is paying!i didnt wanna stay in the hiltons or a thistle so i found this place as i wanted something more personal.i am very pleased i did!he hyde park hotel is nr queensway and paddington and is a brand new apart-hotel a few mins away from a good selection of shops and places to eat/supermakets, paddington station is about 15-20 mins walk or 2/3 stops on the bus.its in a nice square and is a newly refurb'ed grand georgian house and has been converted into a selection of hotel rooms with nice small fitted kitchens,microwave/fridge/rings/toaster/kettle table and chairs, free wi-fi and a desk usually which is great for guests who really wanna do their own thing!the hotel has very minimal tasteful decor and clean lines, luxury bathroom fittings (no baths, only good power showers) and the bathrooms are great BUT small, (think new york here)the rates at the moment seem very good for what you get but i am not paying for it!flat screen tv's in the rooms and nice aircon or central heating.there are some basement rooms which are not for me but haggle for a price on those coz they are still a nice rooms to crash if thats all u need.the luxury doubles are def the best rooms.the staff all seem very friendly and helpful, any problems or omissions have been corrected immediately,they are brand new so they are learning still and there are 1 or 2 snags now and again but thats to be expected.some building work is still going on so enquire when you book for an update.i would def recommend this place to guests wanting a simple but trendy chic apart-hotel arrangement where u really can do what u want rather than a stuffy 'suits and tourists' hotel like a hilton or a thistle...there is a load of rubbish hotels in the w2 area so i think this place will do really well, try its fab!if i wanna be really picky then i could say i would like feather pillows and duvets as i prefer these myself.bring yr own feather pillow if thats what u want,the linens are all white and cotton which is nice though.	
Nov 24 2009 	el peor hotel desastroso penoso ni lo penseis		
Nov 21 2009 	Ottima soluzione!		
Nov 7 2009 	Hotel renovado acogedor y muy bonito		
Oct 26 2009 	Hecho para los diminutos		
Oct 13 2009 	Pequeño y frio		
Oct 12 2009 	Riechendes Zimmer		
Oct 11 2009 	Piccolo e pulito nel cuore di Londra		
Oct 6 2009 	potrebbe essere migliorato		
Sep 18 2009 	Semplicemente fantastico		
Jun 1 2009 	No vayais nunca		
Apr 30 2009 	Ottimo Hotel		
