Nov 25 2009 	Terrible Hotel!! Moved here from Tophams over-booking nightmare.Awful place!!	I had booked a &quot;surprise&quot; trip to London for my boyfriend's birthday for a one night stay at the Tophams hotel. Having read other reviews it seems we were also caught with the repetitive &quot;overbooking&quot; scam!!!. The receptionist is obviously operated by batteries and just repeats &quot;I'm sorry&quot; A taxi was ordered by them to take us to the KG hotel, whilst we were waiting for this another couple arrived to hear the same scenario of &quot;double booked&quot;. What a sham!! When we arrived at the KG hotel, first impression was that it was a good location. Reception greeting was flat and unwelcoming, and not a very luxurious looking place either. 4 floors up to our room in what looked like a staff lift that nearly eats your hands and luggage if your'e not careful with the spring loaded door!! Our room was a suite which was quite honestly appalling, tired, old looking, faded, chipped paint on walls, damp wallpaper in bathroom,stains on carpet,filthy dining table,cracked ceiling. 4 star plus rating?? By who?? Our complaint to move was unheard so we had no choice to try and enjoy our 1 night stay, neither hotels were willing to sort out anything as they were both &quot;fully booked&quot; and no manager available to complain to in either. I was told when I complained in the KG hotel to reception &quot;do you realise how much people pay to stay here&quot; Truly disgusting service. Oh, and its incredibly noisy next to the road and there are attractive building sites on either side of the hotel to top it off. Breakfast was a joke, burnt toast and tinned fruit, the quantities ordered were lacking, one glass of juice, 1 plate, 1 knife and napkin between 2! Would never recommend this to anyone, it ruined our stay. In devon where we live this would never happen. Very upset and disasappointed with how we were treated no one in the KG apologised or explained any of the procedures of breakfast or checking out.. I hope this helps someone else before they book to stay here!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Don't be fooled	This hotel is marketed on the back of a great photo of ONE of their rooms which has been refurbished and they call it a 4* hotel on that particular website, which it most certainly is not. The other rooms haven't been refurbished (they confirmed this when I asked), and are all dull, shabby, tired, old-fashioned and musty. No hot water in the morning (at all) yet no offer of any discount and no reply to my follow-up letter. I wouldn't complain if they'd acknowledged this in some way, but it's the height of terrible customer service to ignore it. Ridiculously expensive for what it is.	
Nov 1 2009 	Moved here from another hotel of the same company.	Our first choice was The Topham's hotel but when we arrived the Topham's hotel at 10pm we didn't have room. They were overbooked!!!! Never seen that in an Hotel with 2 months ago booked room.They send us to the Knightsbrige green hotel by taxi and until the next days we didn't know exactly if it was in a good location or not. We think it is in good location because is close to Hyde park and Harrods.The hotel looks quite old and forgotten, even for being in a superior room, it looked average clean, no street views, cheap forniture, old bathroom. And we asked for an electric adaptor and they didn't have even one.What to say not a place to recommend but not the worst place of the world.	
Oct 27 2009 	We were moved here but not our choice!	I had arranged a special surprise birthday treat for my husband's 50th and booked to stay 2 nights at another hotel, the Park Lane Mews Hotel in Mayfair. However, on the Friday night at 6.30pm we get a call on our mobile saying they have 'over-booked' and are moving us to 'the Knightsbridge Green' hotel. We expressed our concern as it was quite late and we were already on our way. The website had looked so nice we were a bit anxious about what was in store for us. On arrival our first impressions of the hotel were: no grand entrance just a shabby entrance hall, wallpaper peeling off, lift with open cables and a funny splodgy paint motif, no dining room at all and when we asked them about this we were told we had to eat our breakfast in our rooms and that it would only be continental - no cooked breakfasts at all (not our view of a 4 star hotel!).They offered to upgrade us to a luxury double with a sitting room for the same price. We had a look at the room which was at the back of the hotel - no view. It had no paintings or luxuries in it apart from T.V. The furniture was a bit cheap looking and there were no table or chairs to sit on to eat breakfast - only a sofa. On hindsight it was fairly comfortable. We got 2 free breakfasts thrown in as compensation as well. The first one they pulled off brilliantly, however, the second morning they managed to burn the toast, croissants and ommitted any plates or knives!! Not exactly too much to ask of them!We would say the location was excellent and we managed to see a lot of sights and we enjoyed the spirit of London, however sadly, I don't think we would ever return here.	
Sep 26 2009 	Stay Away!	In June we prepaid for 3 nights at this hotel. In late September, at the end of our trip we landed in London late at night, in the pouring rain, and made it to our hotel only to be told that we didn't have a reservation. We were told that we had prepaid 'the previous owners' and the current owner was not honouring reservations like ours. While the hotel had tried to reach us in the 3 to 4 days before we arrived we had been travelling in Italy and were not checking email.We were offered the only room available at a cost roughly equal to the total amount we had prepaid for 3 nights. We were told that it was our problem to recover the prepaid amount from the previous owner. Needless to say we were very upset and chose to go elsewhere. We are still trying to recover the prepaid amount.	
Nov 19 2008 	Good value in London	We arrived at this property for a three-night stay on the tail end of a UK vacation. There is construction and one-way streets around the hotel, so we had some difficulty locating it. There was no parking lot associated with the hotel that we could find. We returned the car to Hertz after dropping off the bags (we parked in a no-parking zone for 30 minutes or so). The front desk called us by name as we were the last guests arriving for the day (mid-day arrival...people must check in early there). The front desk staff was efficient, but not too friendly.Our rate was approximately GBP150/night, which we thought was pretty good for the location and time of year. We were given a room on the 5th floor. It was pretty shabby, and quite different from the photos on the website. It also had two twin beds They have some remodeled rooms, and some dated rooms. We asked to move, and we got a different room that was completely different -- and much more comfortable (plus it had a king bed). The room fixtures and furniture are okay. The bed was very low to the ground. The air conditioning unit worked very well and was quiet. In the evening, the owner's son worked the front desk. He was quite pleasant. The Internet service was out for 2/3 of the days, but eventually fixed. Free wifi. There is no restaurant (although why would you eat in a hotel restaurant in the land of the best Indian food in the world -- perhaps better than India). The location is great if you want to spend time in Knightsbridge, but expect to walk a bit to the tube if you want to go elsewhere. The location is very close to the Mandarin Oriental, and really great high-end shopping.I'm not sure if I'd stay here again -- but it's definitely good value.	
Mar 14 2007 	An Affordable Gem in Expensive London	As part of a 2 week trip to England in the summer of 2006, we spent 5 nights in London, at the Knightsbridge Green Hotel. We found the hotel through a combination of TripAdvisor.com and the Karen Brown guide.We were traveling with our 2 children, then 10 and 8, and needed a relatively spacious room without paying $1000 a night. We also wanted a central location and a clean hotel. The KG met and exceeded our requirements on every count.The hotel itself is located in Knightsbridge, 1/2 a block from Hyde Park (perfect for early evening pick-up &quot;football&quot; matches for my husband and son, and for relaxing walks along the lake and runs in the morning). It was also 1/2 block from Harrod's, right on the bus route to Kensington/Portobello Road, and in the othe direction to Trafalger Square/Picadilly/Covent Garden, a block from one of the main Tube lines (the one to Heathrow), and a pretty easy walk to Buckingham Palace and on to Westminster. We always felt very safe. The location simply couldn't have been better.The hotel itself is quite small, so the manager knows all his guests by name and interest. He couldn't have been more helpful in deciding what to do and where to go. The other staff were similarly helpful. Our room ended up being a small suite, with the living room turning into a bedroom each night (with a sofa bed and an added cot - great to avoid sibling squabbles). The bath was spacious, full of marble and very clean. By London standards, it was very reasonably priced - especially for the amount of room we had!Although this isn't a luxury hotel with tons of activities and other services, it was perfect for what we needed during our stay in London - a clean and comfortable place to spend the night in a terrific location and for a very reasonable (by London's outrageous standards) price.I highly recommend it.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great Location Pretty Good Hotel	I stayed here with my granddaughter for three nights, primarily because it was less expensive than the hotels my husband &amp; I usually stay in, but also because it was an excellent location. We had Room 55 on the top floor and were very satisfied. I have read other reviews that said it was noisy, but we found the double windows (not double paned, but actually two windows, one inside the other) shut out a good portion of the noise if you can keep them closed. I think the lack of noise was also due to the fact that we were on the top floor. The room itself was quite large, which was especially nice with a teenager, but as noted by others, could stand updating. But one of the things we liked was that the bathroom was quite large and the sink was large enough to hold both our toiletries bags, so we weren't fighting for space. The staff was always very helpful and nice. The only thing I objected to was the price of the breakfast, which was £7.50 per person. At the present exchange rate that was just about $15 per person, for a continental. It was £12 for full English breakfast, &amp; I refused to pay that. While I could get by with checking my e-mail only about once a week while we were gone, my granddaughter, of course, had to be on the computer (theirs) for at least an hour every day. At that time they charged extra for that. We had the same experience as others with the air, getting a weird smell from the air conditioner, so we turned that off &amp; they sent up a fan that we used periodically, because we couldn't stand the noise of the fan all the time. Generally speaking, however, I was satisfied &amp; would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2006	Too Noisy	A very conveniently located small hotel with approximately 25 rooms. We rented a twin bedded suite with living room. Service was good and friendly. Our problem was with the traffic noise. We had requested a quiet room so we were placed on the fourth floor but the traffic noise all night was disturbing .Cars, trucks, and sirens from police or firehouse was never ending. If you are a heavy sleeper it would be okay. There is currently heavy construction directly across the street. They are demolishing a multi- story building and the work started at 6:00am every workday. So between the traffic and the construction it was never even remotely quiet. Also, the water restricters for the shower made the water pressure very, very, very low. You will have to be careful stepping into and out of the high walled tub. We used a towel on the tub base to increase traction. The area is great and the metro and bus lines are right on the same block. Bring lots of money. London is expensive!	
Aug 24 2006 	Good location. Needs refurbishing	If you want a quaint hotel in a good location, this is your place. It is conveniently located to busses &amp; metro. The front desk were very nice and helpful. They had just installed wi-fi, when we got there. It worked well albeit very expensive. Room size was quite large.Cons: The hotel was old and really needed rehab. Hallways smelled stuffy. Air conditioning was essentially non-existent. Consider yourself warned if you go in the summer.Overall stay was OK. but I would stay in a more modern hotel with more amenities, next time	
Jul 27 2006 	Disappointment	My family had stayed at this hotel 10 years ago and had a wonderful time. Unfortunately, the hotel has become fairly run down since then. Our room was cheaply furnished, faced a noisy air well, had an air conditioner that barely worked and we could easily hear the occupants of the next room. The service was pretty good, but nothing exceptional.The location is great, but I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 7 2006	Good location but air conditioning?	Our family of 4 stayed here 4 nights in mid June, 2006. The night that we checked in was the hottest June 12 on record in London. We had a 2 bedroom suite, but the air conditioner was only in 1 room -- the room with the sofa &amp; tv, not the bedroom. The bedroom was very hot. We then asked for a fan &amp; all of the fans had been checked out. Our first night was rather hot &amp; uncomfortable. Fortunately, the next day the weather changed &amp; the remainder of our stay had very cool weather so the air conditioning was not a problem.I booked this hotel because of the reasonable rates &amp; location in a very expensive London.If you are staying here in July or August when the weather is hot, you may want to consider another hotel if air conditioning is important to you. Otherwise, this is a great choice for a wonderful location &amp; the price is certainly right.I would stay here again if our stay were in the months when air conditioning is not important.	
May 30 2006	Perfect small hotel in great area	My husband and I stayed at the Knightsbridge Green hotel in late March/early April 2006. I booked a &quot;suite&quot; because we were to be there for 9 nights. The extra sitting room made a huge difference in comfort for that long a time, and we were able to have this space for a quite reasonable amount of money. My goal was to book a room for not more than US$250. and I was able to here. Actually the sofa in the sitting room pulled out to a sofa bed, so more than two could stay in this room.  The hotel is in a super location; a two minute walk to the Piccadilly line, bus route right outside the door, walking distance to the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, Natural History Museum, etc. and many restaurants. Also across from Hyde Park. The room was quite comfortable; bed was great, tv was in the sitting room, (I like this) bathroom good size, shower great, towels fluffy (bathrooms are very important to me) People working at the hotel were quite helpful, they stored our luggage for two days when we left to tour around, and booked us a reasonably priced cab to the airport when we had to leave. We took the tube to the hotel when we arrived in London; a very easy ride.We enjoyed staying here and would again.	
May 21 2006	great location	We recently spent four nights in London at the Knightsbridge Green Hotel and would return again in a minute. The 2 room suite we had was just perfect for that length of visit. The rooms were nicely sized and allowed a great deal of privacy if one wanted to read or watch TV and the other wanted to nap -- a very nice option after 2 weeks on the road. But the thing we loved the most was the hotel's proximity to so many other sites! If you go there, you'll want to know that the #9 bus that you can catch right across the street, will take you to Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, even all the way to the theater district! It runs all the time and is a wonderful way to see London and get to all the locations that would be a bit too far to walk. We used it several times and were very impressed with its speed and comfort. Also, to get to Victoria Station or even Waterloo Station to catch trains, etc. is just a 15 minute or so cab ride. All in all a great location and hotel!	
Mar 25 2006	Beware	My husband and I decided to spend the last two nights of a two week trip to Italy in London as he would be returning to Iraq and I would be returning to the states. I booked our room (2 person jr. suite queen size bed) in November for the two nights and when I received our confirmation it only included one night, so I immediately emailed them back and they responded by correcting the reservation for two nights. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that there was a problem with our reservation and they would not have our room available for the second night, but they would put us in a larger suite for the first night and a smaller room for the second plus give us a discount. It was around 7 at night so we agreed, not knowing what we were geting ourselves into. The first night was perfect and we loved the location of the hotel. When we went to move into the other room the following morning we found a twin size bed ( my husband is 6 foot and 240 pounds). My husband argued with the front desk three times that morning, but they wouldnt do anything, it seemed more appropriate to inconvenience us whom had made our reservations in November than the person who had made their's since. the front desk's reponse was that &quot;You Americans do everything bigger&quot; in reference to the bed size. We pondered switching hotels, but this was to be our only day to see the sights. Keep in mind this was my husbands and my last night together before he went back to Iraq - so they wheeled us up a fold-away bed - how romantic. it of course broke and my husband ended up sleeping on the floor. The only thing they did do right was to end up not charging us for the second night.	
Jan 26 2006 	Nice Hospitable Hotel - Great Value	This is an hotel with a difference. The staff are friendly and helpful, and very professional. The hotel itself is unpretentious, as reported in several previous reviews, but it has a charm of its own. The room I had was extremely comfortable. It was at the front but I wasn't bothered by the traffic noise. Where it really scores is on value, in a town which is about as expensive as a traveler can find. Breakfast is only available in your room as there is no restaurant. In my case it was delivered right on the time I requested. The location is fantastic.	
Jan 24 2006	Excellent location satisfactory hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights in January.The best thing about this hotel is the location - major bus routes go along Knightsbridge outside, and there is a tube station 2 minutes walk away (when open - see later!). Harvey Nichols and Harrods are just around the corner, Hyde Park is over the road, and some of London's best-known museums are within walking distance.The hotel itself is unpretentious and the staff are friendly. The room prices are cheaper than most in central London, though dear compared to other cities.We had a large room, on the 4th floor so traffic noise was minimal. The plumbing was slightly antiquated but this added to the charm!The only downsides were:- when we arrived we had previously discovered that a large part of the Piccadilly Line would be closed for the weekend, including Knightsbridge Tube Station. The reception staff seemed to know little or nothing about this, and we had to go and find an explanatory leaflet on the Tube itself- full English breakfast was £12 each. It was delivered to your room and very nice, but just around the corner at Benji's (opposite Harrods) you can get a very tasty cooked breakfast for £1.99!But overall it was a perfectly acceptable hotel, and better than many.	
Nov 4 2005	Very Good Hotel	We stayed three nights and splurged on a twin bedded suite for 170GBP a night inclusive of taxes and exclusive of breakfast (there is a great little coffee shop in the alley next to the hotel).The suite consisted of a bedroom and a sitting room seperated by a little hallway off which was the bathroom.Lots of closet and drawer space and a credit card operated safe.The decor is muted but fine.The beds were VERY comfortable and the bathroom amenities were excellent. Great big fluffy towel and premium bath products.The bathroom shower was amazing with great water pressure. All the windows open to a maximum of a third of the window height so one can let in fresh air.The sitting room had a table and two chairs and a comfy couch for two and a modern television set.The traffic noise is noticeable but bearable and quietens down completely at night.The hotel supplies complimentary tea and coffee making,some bottled water and cookies (biscuits).They will give you a fridge if you request it (the tiniest one you have ever seen!)and there is a free ice machine on the 3rd floor. The staff are very pleasant and professional to a fault.The location is unbeatable,surrounded by shops and restaurants and Harrods and Harvey Nichols are a two minute walk from the hotel in opposite directions. The Knightsbridge tube station (40minutes directly to Heathrow) is literally around the corner(accross from Harvey Nicks) and there are bus stops in front of the hotel with buses going to Picadilly (8 minutes when not in traffic),Victoria (7 minutes) or the other way to High Street Kensington (6 minutes).We had an ensuite picnic with amazing stuff (the potted shrimp are to die for) bought from the Harrods Food Halls.Cross the street and you are in the park and can walk to Hyde Park or Kensington Gardens.Without a doubt the best stay we have ever enjoyed in London and would not hesitate to return.If only London wasn't so hysterically and unbelievably expensive!	
Oct 29 2005	Pleasant Hotel good location	Stayed only one night on a stopover from Malta back to the US. Friends were supposed to join us there but American Express put them at The Knightsbridge Hotel instead-a small, chi chi and very expensive hotel (i think their room was over 700$/night which freaked out our friend who was thinking in &quot;Euros&quot; when he agreed to the price!). Knightsbridge Green is a modest but pleasant hotel. Our room was large, comfortable bed and nice bathroom. The lady at the desk arranged for a driver to pick us up at 5:15 a.m. to take us to Heathrow(35lbs)and he arrived early and was very nice.Obviously we missed the breakfast. There is a tube stop nearby(next to Harrods) if you dont mind dragging bags a few blocks. We took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station then got a taxi the rest of the way.London is insanely expensive !!!! The staff at Knightsbridge Hotel(the chi chi one)sent us to eat at San Lorenzo-they said it was Princess' Di's &quot;favorite.&quot; Well- the food was uninspired, the cost prohibitive and they only took Pounds in cash-no credit cards!	
Jul 25 2005	Knightsbridge Green - Outstanding value location and service	Stayed for 3 nights at this hotel in July 2005. Staff was very, very friendly. Check-in was a 1-minute process. I have stayed in many hotels and I was simply not expecting what I found - a large, brightly lit suite, a very, very large bedroom with high ceilings and a very large comfortable king-size bed, and finally, a fabulous, large, ultra-clean bathroom with heated towel racks. The living room had large double-pane windows overlooking the street, a breakfast table, TV, and a convertible sofa. Both the living room and bedroom had nice, pleasant cream colored tones and tasteful decoration. Since we were with an 18-month old baby, the staff had already set up a crib in the bedroom with nice sheets and a pillow. All of the staff members we ecountered were very nice, always smiling and provided great service. When I asked if we could store some milk in the hotel, they immediately offered to set up a small refridgerator in our suite, and got it done in 5 minutes. The location of the hotel is as good as it gets. The tube is hardly a minutes walk. Hyde park is literally across the street and a children's playground is almost opposite the hotel (a 2-minute walk). Harrods is around the corner (4-minute walk). All of the best shops and many, many great restaurants are just several doors away. The hotel does not have other facilities like gyms, etc. but if you are visiting as a tourist, you simply cannot go wrong by staying at this lovely hotel. The hotel has a small (5-person) elevator that is very quick and almost always available in seconds. This hotel definitely made our stay in London a memorable experience, and I would happily go back in the future. I have added a photo of Knightsbridge where the hotel is located. On the photo, the hotel is directly behind the red double-decker bus. To the left of the bus is where a tube stop is.	
Jul 8 2005	Outstanding Hotel	We picked this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews. Prior to arrival we sent several emails with questions and all were answered immediately. We checked in in less than 5 minutes. The twin suite was big, spotless and cheerful. Lots of teas, snacks etc. all complimentary. Comfortable beds and the best shower ever! Location is perfect; 1 block to underground, buses are 100 feet from the front door. Wonderful shopping, Hyde Park, restaurants all within walking distance. The staff was knowlegable and made us feel right at home. This is a small, family run operation...no grand banquet halls or piano bars to be found, thankfully. This will be our home away from home in London from now on.	
Mar 6 2005	Great Rates; Very Friendly Staff	Stayed there in late February, 2005. Hotel has a great location on Knightsbridge, near the tube stop, Harrods and the Museums (short bus ride or walk). The staff were extremely friendly, pleasant and helpful. The rooms (2 standard doubles) were quite nice, and very spacious (particularly for London!). The room rates of 115 pounds was also very good. Breakfast is not included, and is typically expensive, but is very nice, and is delivered to your room, as there is no common dining room. You specify the time you would like it delivered, and it arrived exactly when we had asked for it. One of the rooms overlooked the central fire escapes, which weren't too scenic, but that didn't matter to us as we weren't in the room much. The 'interior' room overlooking the fire escapes was quiet at all times, even with the window open. The 'outer' room, overlooking Knightsbridge was quiet unless you opened the window, in which case some traffic noise came in. All rooms have air conditioning. Will definitely return next time I'm in London.	
Dec 22 2004	Great location	Just returned from a one week stay in London and Norwich of which we spent three nights at the Knightsbridge Green Hotel. My husband, myself and college age daughter stayed in a twin suite. This included a large bedroom with twin beds (mattresses were very comfortable), a living room with sofa bed, comfy arm chair, TV, and table with two chairs, small ante room between the living room and bathroom which housed a double closet, desk with complimentary water, coffee and teas, and the lovely large bathroom with huge bath tub/shower and double sinks all in marble. The bathroom even had heated towel bars!!! The rooms were surprisingly spacious and even with all of our luggage (we were moving our daughter back to the States after her studies abroad) we didn't feel cramped. Both the public areas and rooms were spotless and very well kept. And I can't say enough about the location. The Knightsbridge tube stop is just around the corner as is Harrods. Also, they have their internet facilities up and running...no need to search for an internet cafe. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 24 2004	London-Charm Quality and Value-with Kids!	I would stay here again and suggest it to anyone. The suite and bathroom were large and had charm and were very quiet and dark when needed. My 9 and 11 year slept in the living room and there was lots of storage and space. Amazing to find so much at this price level. The staff were very kind and helpful to all of us. I even left the kids alone one night so they could watch football. Great location, too.	
Feb 28 2004	Great Hotel!	A lovely, roomy suite in an excellent location. We had a twin suite that included a nice sitting room. Great service, helpful folks at the reception desk, good showers, clean rooms and very handy to Harrod's and the Knightsbridge Tube station. I'd happily stay there again!	
Nov 8 2003	Good value on a suite	Knightsbridge Green served as a wonderful base for a London vacation. There was a large sitting rome with sofa and TV, and a seperate bedroom that was good sized by London standards. The decor was not lavish, but was comfortable. It has no resturant, but there are several near by. The hotel staff was most helpful in suggesting places to eat. The only draw back is that Harrods is just around the corner, so husbands beware. If you like concerts, Royal Albert Hall is a healthy walk or a short straight bus ride down the street.	
Nov 5 2009 	Peor atencion en la zona		
