Oct 23 2009 	Noisiest hotel ever!	Stayed here for one night. Rude service at reception and would not let us check in before 2pm. Rooms were clean, however if you choose this hotel then you should bring earplugs. It is located on a very busy street with non-stop traffic into the am, including trucks. Couple this with the London Underground which ratttles the building every 10 minutes. Seriously avoid this hotel. Terrible. Worst hotel I stayed in during a two visit to the UK.	
Apr 20 2009	Ideal	This was our second visit to this hotel and it was even better than the first. We had a small but perfect double room, beautifully clean and comfortable. The staff on reception was very helpful. There is no lounge and a continental breakfast is not included but can be booked. The tube is a hop, skip and a jump away and bus' stop outside. Clapham Common is on the doorstep as are any number of bars/restaurants. Having reading some bad reviews I wonder if they got the wrong hotel?	
Nov 20 2008 	Bedbugs Nightmare	Worst experience ever! Disgusting! Woke up at 3.30am with bedbugs biting me and crawling all over the bed. Killed many, leaving blood stains on the sheet. Nobody in reception till 8.30am, when I told manager what happened and showed him the dead bugs and blood on the sheets, he didn't apologize, would't refund my money, just treated me as if somehow it was MY fault. He even said &quot; You've been complaining since you arrived.&quot; I suppose he was referring to the room key and tv that didn't work, the heat that wasn't on...I finally recvd a sort of apology by phone and a refund cheque from him because after he called the pest control he found out that I was not making the whole thing up. I had an allergic reaction to the dozens of bites all over my body and face that lasted for 3 weeks, in fact while writing this, I still have scars from the bites.	
Oct 5 2008 	Not even worth the cheap price	We booked a double room for this hotel two months before staying. At no stage up until arrival did we have any clue this would not be the case.On arriving we were given the key to a twin room, when we questioned this we were told it was all they had, and gave no apology for not giving us what we booked.Things got worse when we got to the room. It was freezing, there was no heating apart from a little portable electric heater, which hadn't been turned on in advance, and had little effect on the room when it did. Added to this was the noise - good double/triple1-glazing might have helped keep the noise from the busy (24hours a day) road and rail line out, but this wasn't there. Neither was any net curtaining, so unless we closed the curtains and pitched the room into gloom we were on display to the world.Reception could offer nothing to help so we left.	
Jun 21 2008 	Location and price	Since our daugther works and lives nearby we needed to find a suitable place; i.e. location and price was important. We also needed the nearness to the tube and buses. Gateway Hotel fitted the bill alright since the tube is around 150 meters away and bus 155 (towards Clapham Common) stops just outside the hotel. We had a twin room (no 18) that was nicely outfitted with a waterheater, coffe /tea and some standard cakes. The beds were ok, but a little bit soft. Everything was clean and nice. Traffic noice from the tube and the traffic on Balham Hill was not that very disturbing but noticeable. There is a Marks&amp;Spencer and a Tesco just up the street and an ATM across the road at the gas-station. We would definetly go back again if we need to.	
Dec 2 2007 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights at end of Nov beginning of dec 07. The rooms were small but it was very clean and we could not complain. the gentleman at the front desk was extremely helpful and it was in the perfect location for us. The tube was a 2 min walk from the hotel and everything was accessible from here. We had a pleasant stay there and would have no hesitation recommending it to anyone staying in London. We previously stayed at 2 other hotels in London that left a lot to be desired. The rooms in the Gateway were well kept and reasonably priced.	
Jan 10 2007	Avoid!!	My girlfriend and I booked two rooms at the Gateway for her family who were coming over from the USA. We booked in early November for the 28th Dec, to the 5th Jan. The gateway accepted our reservation and that was the last we heard from them until the 23rd December, when they contacted us to say that 'their had been a mix up' and they could accomodate us for every day except for 31st Dec, new years eve. I asked them how it was possible for this 'mix up' to come to light literally days before they were due to arrive, and also why someone else could not be bumped out of their room instead of us seeing as we had booked 2 months before?? The manager said that they kept no record of when the booking was made, so could not tell who had booked first so could not do a 'first come, first serve' arrangement. In my opinion, they simply got a better offer or maybe a larger booking and decided to bump my girlfriends family out of the hotel. It is simply not possible that they could accept a booking for a week, but not realise that they could not do one of the days. They were simply ruled by greed and decided to take a better offer. Luckily we cancelled and they stayed at Jury's in Kensington which was perfect. My advice, avoid this place at all costs.	
