Apr 9 2005	A real find!	We booked 4 rooms at the hotel when visiting Greenwich for a wedding. We arrived ahead of the agreed check-in but the staff were happy to let us into our rooms earlier than planned. The rooms were lovely, very original, each very different to the other. Ours on the third floor had its own outdoor balcony with excellent views of the city! Each room has special touches, all carefully chosen by the hotel owners. Our bathroom was very small but had every convenience required (though the shower flooded the floor as it didn't have a curtain)! We asked for sandwiches in the garden (before we left for the wedding) and the staff obliged though we had a considerable wait (perhaps owing to the fact that there were 7 of us and the food had not been pre-arranged). We arrived back at the hotel just before midnight just as a very loud birthday party (complete with disco) was finishing. But true to their word as soon as midnight came the disco finished and peace was restored (though you might want to check if any parties are planned during your stay as it could disrupt the sleep of those inclined to be in bed a little earlier!). Breakfast was excellent and the checkout smooth and punctual. Will definitely return on our next visit to the capital.	
Apr 3 2005	Do not stay at this hotel	I am writing this to let people know about the dishonesty of this hotel. I had initially did a net search and found this hotel. I tried to do an internet booking for 2 nights (Sat and Sun) which stated the amount of 55 pounds per night, but somehow the booking was not successful. I then called the hotel and the manager Gopal answered. He said the rate for 1 night (Sat) was 65 pounds and the second was 55 pounds. I told him that the internet rate was 55 pounds each night, but he said the rates have changed. I confirmed a booking then (this was about 2 weeks before the date of stay, plenty of time to do a cancellation) but when I tried later that night thru the internet, it was successful. I printed out the confirmed internet booking of 55 pounds for each night which came up to a total of 110 pounds for 2 nights. I immediately also wrote an email back stating that my internet booking was successful and to cancel the phone booking which I had earlier doneWe stayed at the hotel for the 2 nights, and on check out, Gopal tried to dispute the rates again, but with all the proof of the internet booking and the email stating the phone cancellation, he said it was okWhen I returned form my trip, I realised to my horror that the hotel had first charged 65 pounds for one night to my credit card, then refunded 55 pounds only, ie they were trying to sneakily cheat by illegally gaining that extra 10 poundsI have since asked my bank to inititate a fraud investigation and to freeze the payment and may consider legal action against this hotel for fraud and for attempt to cheatHence, based on this experience, I would advise everyone not to stay at this hotel and to tell your friends about this as the management is dishonest and sneaky. If they can do this, who knows what they might do in the hotel during your stay there. Would you really feel safe in such a hotel knowing that the management is of such type ?Ricky YeoSingapore	
Feb 4 2005	Child Friendly Good Food 	I stayed at Hamilton House in December 2004 &amp; found it to be a fantastic hotel. Our room was a large four poster room with bathroom &amp; a great view over the city. Extra beds were put in for the children &amp; there was still plenty of room to spare. The staff were polite &amp; helpful &amp; when we ate in the restaurant the food &amp; service were great. At breakfast we were given the option of a cooked breakfast along side cereals, fruit, yoghurts &amp; croissants so we could really fill up before heading out for a long day of site seeing.The hotel is family run so it really is like home from home with the added bonus of 3 star service &amp; luxurious surroundings. It is also only 5 minutes from Greenwich &amp; 10 minutes by train to Central London so it was easy to go out &amp; see all of the sites (&amp; shops!)of interest but still have a peaceful place to come back to.With 2 Children its hard to find a hotel that suits us but we found Hamilton House to be great. So great we have booked to go back in the summer! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Dec 1 2004	Awful hotel bad service terrible stay	DO not even think about stayingat this hotel.I stayed in September 2004, the staff are totally useless, rude and very abrupt, the rooms, tired and dirty. However the food was OK.	
