Nov 16 2009 	OK For One Night	I was looking for a low-price hotel in the Finsbury Park area, and this hotel was just about OK. Rooms were small but comfortable and could be better maintained. The window fitting was broken (as was the toilet roll holder) and the isolation switch was filthy.In order to receive my 'free' breakfast I had to walk across the car park to the other wing; not great on a cold, wet November day! I was sure what to expect. Hot buffet? Continental buffet? Unfortunately it was the latter (sort of!). Ham, cheese, bread, cereal, and that's about it (plus drinks). Don't forget, you get what you pay for.I believe there is no bar at this property (certainly not at the Pembury Wing) but there are some pubs near Finsbury Park station, less than 5 mins walk.	
Oct 31 2009 	Not my first choice next time	If you´re going to see a late weekday match at the Emirates it´s OK, otherwise book another hotel.It looks nice from the outside so you get a little disappointed when you see the the room.However, our room actually was clean; beds, toilet, shower so I reallyc can´t complaint about that. It´s just that it doesn´t feel fresh. The whole place needs to be renowated.Some earlier guest probably had a bad day because he put att foot through the wall (picture).The volumeknob on the remote was stuck and it wasn´t possible to change the volume on the TV.The breakfast buffet in the hotel across the backyard was poor, just bread, marmelade, cheese, &quot;orange juice&quot; and the or coffee. But you could eat as much as you wanted.There are hundreds of hotels like this in London, better and worse. If you´re looking for one in the north near Emirates Stadium and the underground this is a good deal, otherwise not.	
Sep 2 2009 	My Stay at the Pembury Hotel	Spent 3 nights at the Pembury hotel located opposite Finsbury Park in north London. The room was small and tidy. The television was very small with the channels srambled. There were freeview channels; only the 5 terrestrial channels were available. The hotel house keepers were friendly and polite. The staff at the front desk could be friendlier and more helpful.	
Aug 8 2009 	Not that bad!	I've traveled throughout Europe extensively, and I try to save money on hotels when possible because I get up early and get going. I rarely come back until pretty late. Mostly I need a hot shower and a comfortable clean bed. That's what I got at The Pembury. Don't stay there if you are looking for luxury. If you are looking to budget, it's not bad. Rooms are small; some of the bathrooms need redecorating; and the halls are narrow. So what! The breakfast was toast &amp; jam, cheese, cereals, milk, juice, and coffe/tea. Not elaborate, but it fiiled me up enough to get going. I just don't care for instant coffee, but I survived. You'll pass plenty of little stores and fast eating places on your way to the very close tube - Finsbury Park. Rode the tube directly from Heathrow to FP tube station in 1 hour. You'll be about 15-20 minutes from center London on the tube, too. Got my wake-up call on time the day I was leaving and I used the Internet in the lobby of the Central Park Hotel next door because they are partner hotels.	
Aug 5 2009 	Misery	Stay away from this place it is not worth it . You are paying way toooo more for what you are getting. The front end staff are very rude and they need training on customer service, they are not friendly and abnoxious. The rooms are a joke, if you like stinky, filthy bathrooms and unclean rooms then you are at the right place. No phone or hairdryers as advertized on the net.	
Jul 18 2009 	I beg you.... Do not stay here!!!!!!!!!	we booked this hotel for a little budget holiday. when we arrived the man on reception was moody and seemed to take his time with our booking, when he did get round to it there was someone else staying in our room. we were given another room but as soom as he told us breakfast would be across the car park in another hotel alarm bells started ringing, we walked down the corridor and it was very thin and long, when we got to our room the whole door moved as we put the key in. in the room there was 2 foot waliking space around the bed and the bed was not made, it was very dark as the windows were minute, the lamp shades were stained yellow and the paint was flaking off the walls, the picture on the wall wouldnt even sit properly. there were shelves with a horrible stained curtain hiding them and the bathroom was discusting!!!!!!! the shower was 50cm squared with a broken curtain hangin down, the toielt was oppisite but you could barely fit in the space between the shower and toilet. me and my partner walked in and walked straight back out, you felt like you were going to have someone attaking you in your own room while you were sleeping. wouldnt want my worst enemy staying there.	
Jun 12 2009 	Do NOT use this hotel	This place is probably the WORST hotel i've EVER stayed in. Mould in the bathroom,paint flaking off the ceiling and SMELLY. I will never recommend this hotel to anyone. I didn't even see the night out, I moved to another hotel.	
May 23 2009 	Seemingly much improved	Having read the other reviews, I would have to disagree with many points. For a budget hotel, this hotel was a pleasant surprise. The room was clean, with fresh towels daily, the bathroom was also clean with an excellent shower. The hotel itself was well presented, and seems to have benefited from some recent improvements (faint odour of fresh paint when we arrived). Breakfast was simple but plentiful and served over a good range of times.It's true, the surrounding area (Finsbury Park) was intimidating at first, but we neither had nor saw any trouble. The hotel staff, whilst not actually friendly or chatty were in no way unpleasant or impolite. Breakfast was quite plain (cereal, toast with butter, jam and/or cheese, tea, coffee, etc) but more than sufficient and in as much quantity as you wanted. If you want a pristine hotel with top class staff, cooked breakfasts and amazing surrounding area, then stay somewhere else, but you will pay for it. If you want a budget hotel with good transport into London then this hotel could fit the bill just right.	
May 20 2009 	Horrible !!! Stay away !!!	I will never go back to that hotel. It was cheap, but I regret paying less for such a horrible experience. The walls were dirty, the bathroom was 2m x 50cm (only enough to sit on the toilet ) and that surface included the shower &quot;cabin&quot; (with quotes because there was no clear delimitation, only a drape). The staff was bored and as we have entered the hotel they told us they don't have any more rooms (they didn't even know what we wanted to ask them). Our light bulb didn't work properly the entire stay and there was no closet in the room (again a drape that separated two shelves from the rest of the room )The words to describe this hotel are: small and dirty. I do not recommend it to anybody.	
Mar 3 2009 	horrible hotel!!!	I stayed in this hotel for only one night (fortunately!) and it was horrible...The rooms towards the street are quite noisy, we woke up in the middle of the night because of a weird noise which turned out to be water dripping inside the room. Curtains were completely soaked and floor partially flooded. We changed room and got one without heating, which would have been necessary (outside temperature around 10°C, almost the same as inside!). The next morning I went to have a shower, but it fell apart the moment I touched it, so I had to hold the shower head all the time...Breakfast was the last disaster of the stay...it consisted of bread, and sliced cheddar, that's it! Some other items were displayed, such as yogurt, fruit, pastries, but you had to pay an extra for those...It's definitely a very bad hotel, don't book it, you'll only be deceived, and you can find hostels which have a much higher standard.	
Nov 22 2008 	you only get what you pay for	I have just returned from a two night stay at the Pembury Hotel.We were left withiut breakfast on the 16th November and we were not compensated in any way' we were just told that we would'nt be having any breakfast.The bed was not made and the toilet was so small you could barely fit in the room besides that the wash hand basin was dirty.The only good thing about this hotel is the location.	
Nov 13 2008	"This hotel covers the whole meaning of RECESSION"	First things first this is possibly been the worst hotel ive ever stayed in EVER. The only reason why i stayed here is cause i was going to see the Emirates Cup &amp; its only a 15min walk from the hotel but thats as good as it got. The sign outside the hotel looks posh but as you go inside its a dive. I had to change room 3 times as the first room had the next rooms toilet smells coming through to mine,then the second room i got the bed sheets had pubic hair on them &amp; the bathroom had dirty towels thrown onto the floor &amp; eventually the third room i got was slightly cleaner though the toilet was filthy &amp; i never used the wash facilities once as grime was growing round the taps &amp; the toilet was cracked at the bottom. the T.V. had no aerial so u couldnt watch that,the noise from outside of traffic was constant &amp; music blearing all night was not a help either. the breakfast was not bad all the tea &amp; toast you could eat but i'd never recommend this hotel to anyone my advice spend that bit extra its worth it trust me.	
Nov 10 2008	What a Shambles	I knew something was not right with this booking when I called to see if the could answer a few queries before I departed on my trip, the response I got from the unfriendly girl at the other end of the line was 'I am very busy can you ring me back in ten minutes'!!!The stay itself was not bad but the staff could have looked like they actually wanted to be there, the room was ok but could have done with a bit of a decorate. The trouble came when I left a jumper in the room, realising my mistake I called the hotel the evening I got home. The guy who answered the phone didn't know what to do and asked me to call back in the morning. This I did but was asked if the next time I am passing could I pop in and collect it!.....Surely the point of a hotel is you GO AWAY to stay?!Having phoned several times and waiting for the manager to call me back, I had to ring and demand that they put the manager on the phone. Surely, a little bit of training and a little bit of effort from the staff this could have been a good little hotel to stay in for a few nights, but I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2008 	Would not stay again..	The staff at this hotel were pleasant but the hotel was not.Firstly please research the areas you are staying and do not stay in Finsbury Park unless you don't value your life. It was a VERY scarey area (Being first time travelers we had no idea).The hotel was clean enough and the room was ok but the bathroom was a nightmare. The shower head did not move and pointed directly outwards so all the water landed out of the shower and over the floor and into the toilet, we flooded the room everytime we showered. The breakfast was also a waste of time. Plastic cheese on toast and fruit cordial :)You get what you pay for in this case it is totally true.	
Oct 2 2008 	Its filthDont Go There!	Ive been to some hotels in my time but this was the worst of the worst by a mile!!!The room we were given was filthy.Stains,cracks,and paint peeling off ceiling.Walls were stained terribly and phone was crackedBathroom tiles hanging off wall,shower head was brown,grime,mould and a foul stench filled this room.Toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned for months.Trying to get to sleep was near on impossible.Music was coming from downstairs which shook the room and finished at 12:30am only when we made a compliant then to make matters even worse a group of men had a loud argument and skuffle at the hotel entrance at 4:15am!!!!!!Breakfast consisted of a trek across the carpark to have a choice of toast or cornflakes!!!We then went home a day earlyThis is the first complaint i have ever made about a hotel as it was that badI understand we all have different standards but you wouldn't put a pig in it!!!!Check out the photos.	
Aug 30 2008	hellish hotel	It was the worst hotel we ever stayed. The room was filthy. The bathroom was mouldy and smelly. It had ants. The hotel should be closed because it is a health hazard to sleep there. We prepaid to hotel club and was the end of our holiday. We were not able to find another place to stay due to a bank holiday weekend other hotels were full. I would not stay in this hotel ever again even if they pay me to stay. I guess the health standard in London are substandard. Otherwise a Pembury Hotel would be closed.	
Jun 25 2008	One of the worst hotels ever been to	It is one of the worst hotels I've ever been to. Apart from the fact that it was not very clean, and that the breakfast was just bread and cheese, we had a leak in our room at 3am, we had to have our room changed and they gave us a room with no heating that looked like a horror movie. It is cheap, but even if they paid me I would not return there.	
Feb 26 2008	Don't go there! Ever!	Honestly, I never was in hotel which was so terrible like this one.First of all the district. We arrived there around 9.00 pm and I already had to hold my suitcase AND my girlfriend like both would be stolen in the next 2 minutes. Anyway, the hotel does not look THAT bad from outside, but as soon as you walk into the reception and especially when you get into your room, you will notice... how should I say this in the most nicely way... that this hotel is crap.The door is like a thin wooden board with a lock that even an old lady in the wheelchair could break. The bathroom is like one of these old scary rooms in a bad horror movie. Or no wait, in a good horror movie, because it is really scary.And if you have the big luck to get a room on the street side, you can stop counting the police horn after a hour, because you won't be able to count it anymore. Its also great to hear a &quot;GIVE ME YOUR [--] MONEY&quot; once an evening.After the first night we ran out of this hotel and looked for another one and believe me, it is worth it. oh and btw for god's sake, I don't wanna know what they did with my teethbrush. yark.. I had to buy a new one.	
Jan 30 2008	Never Again!	My brother, sister and I stayed at the Pembury for 3 nights in January. We were attending a family funeral and wanted to stay somewhere close to my aunt. We had the impression that the hotel had been refurbished but if it was then it was done circa 1970. First impressions are shocking but once inside the staff were friendly and very helpful. My sister and I had a twin room on the ground floor at the back of the hotel. The room was tiny and very grotty, the bathroom wasn't much better. Our door was very fragile and it could have been opened very easily, we slept with our suitcases and a chair up against it. We had clean sheets and towels but that was the best of it. Breakfast was in a sister hotel around the corner and consisted of cornflakes, something that looked like muesli, white bread which you toasted yourself and some plastic cheese. Take my advice, spend a bit extra and go somewhere else!	
Jan 7 2008 	Lovely place great value for money	I couldn't recommend you a better place to stay in North London. Nice and helpful staff, watch out for the good looking receptionist at the Central wing. Rooms were immaculate, I really enjoyed the spa. Breakfast was just awesome, you have an english and a greek fully continental. Very secure parking, rooms service and all other things were above the standard! Pembury Hotel is a place to go!!!	
Dec 13 2007 	Dive of dives	This place truly is a dive, and I say that having stayed in plenty of cheap and cheerful places in my time. From the front it looks tacky but OK. On arrival I was told (in barely comprehensible English) that there were no double rooms, despite the fact we had booked over two weeks before. I was then shown through the car park to another building at the back. The carpets here were shocking - paint-spattered, worn and fraying. The room itself seemed OK, if basic, until I shut the window - that's when I realised how badly it stank. The bathroom was unbearable, reeking of... previous visitors. There was a piece of metal in the toilet which had collected a coating of brown filth, but would not flush away. On the other stairwell, the fire hydrant had been pulled away from the wall in a shower of plaster and left on the floor. The lifts were out of order. The curtains were broken. Many of the doors finished three inches above the floor. We didn't bother with the breakfast.	
Sep 15 2007 	A penny pinch too far!	In all my years of sacrificing comfort for cash - I have now officially hit rock bottom - this place was a real dump. Everything was so shabby that it all looked and felt dirty - even if it wasn't. The bathroom stank of damp - the sink was tiny so you could not wash your hands without soaking your crotch and there was no hot water at 9am (on either morning we stayed - we soon got in the habit of an evening shower!). The carpet on the stairs was so worn it had ripped at the edges and was an accident waiting to happen. The staff were pleasant and helpful but nothing could retrieve the horrible surroundings. The blurb on the website says the hotel has been recently refurbished and I have to say - not the room I stayed in or anywhere I went except the lobby. I find some reviewers are totally unreasonable and expect luxury for pennies. I always stay in really basic hotels as I would rather spend my money on going out and enjoying myself - there are even a few hotels with bad reviews on this site which I found fine as they were cheap and clean - but really - not this place!	
Sep 13 2007 	You can sleep there. thats it...	The hotel is close to a subway station. just a short walk. there are also a grate variety of stores (that are open pretty much 24 hours a day) to by food in on the same road.If you cross the road you got a nice park to rest in.The hotel looks nice from the outside, the sign for the hotel makes the hotel look luxury. but don't get fooled, it is a pretty simple hotel but with friendly personnel.We got our rooms, the first rooms we saw was not so good so we changed to the rooms in the back. they was ok.The bathroom was a bit dirty with mold in between the tiles and did not smell that good. there where also a small amount of ants. there was also hard to get warm water in the shower.Else the rooms where well cleaned. the beds was made every day and the sheets was clean. there was a TV with 4 channels.the breakfast was in an other building. you had the choice between white or dark bread to toast. jam and cheese to have on the sandwich. juice or milk to drink and cornflakes.could have been a bit better.The surrounding area seemed pretty safe even by night, though we was a bit scared in the beginning due to our prejudice thought as there was about no white people there. so i have to say i was wrong about that.If you want to live cheep, stay here, if you want to have some more luxury, stay away.	
Sep 3 2007 	Cheap but NOT cheerful.	Stayed one night, 1st Sept 2007.Small single basement room with adjoining bathroom shower w.c. Bedroom smelt stale, bathroom smelt damp.Window frame &amp; nearby wall was black with greasy dust. Radiator had peeling paint (kettle spout pointed at it).Bed was stable but mattress was old &amp; uncomfortable.There was only one thin pillowWall mounted T.V. worked but could only receive B.B.C.1 &amp; that very poor reception. I could not find a remote control switch so had to stand on chair to change channel or adjust volume or try and adjust position of set top antenna. T.V. was dusty so dust &amp; dirt now fell into my cup of tea on table below the T.V.Paint on w.c. seat &amp; lid was peeling away exposing inner fibre (possibly m.d.f.) to inner surface of w.c. bowl &amp; potiential moisture &amp; possible infectious micro-organisms that could well be present,w.c. seat was loose but did not come completely loose from w.c.Breakfast was a 200 yds / mtrs walk outside through rear car park to another building.Self service in a chaotic, disorganised,poorly thought out &amp; poorly stocked soulless room.The nearest fire exit had a toolbox on the floor in front of it, the panic bolt / opener was hanging half off but worked.The tool box was removed from fire exit doorway within 5 minutes of me informing receptionist but why was it left there in the first place?Overall rating,a grudging 3 out of 10, I will not be going there again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Cheap yes worth it?? Maybe only for one night!	The only 2 good things i can say about this hotel is it had free parking and its location was great, 2 mins walk to the tube station.The rest of it? the room was awful, it was tiny and there were really dodgy stains on the walls above the bed and on the carpet. The sheets were clean but the rest of the bed smelt, including the pillows... we asked for spare sheets and were told the laundrey cupboard was locked. The door was really flimsy, the bath room was smaller than my wardrobe at home and we only live in a semi!! You couldn't even get a cup in the sink it was that small! To get to the dining room you had to walk to another building, it was supposed to be a continental breakky but in the end it turned out to be toast and jam! with packet coffee and squash!!!But i suppose for £60, in London.......	
Jun 18 2007 	Not great but cheap.	I stayed in a triple room with two friends on the top floor. The lift was not working. Whether this is the still the same period as the reviewer who stayed in March I don't know, but the sign on the lift door was very shabby. So it was up 50 odd stairs to the room.The room itself was basic, but reasonably sized by London standards. The bathroom clean but old. The shower looked uncomfortable to use, and there was a problem getting hot water in the evening. Breakfast is in a different 'wing' as the hotel refers to it, but in fact it's actually a different building across a yard and car park, seemingly shared with another cheap hotel. The breakfast was basic; a limited choice of cereals, toast, coffee and orange squash. Croissants and pastries were available, but had to be paid for separately.The traffic noise wasn't too bad for us, but we were on the top floor. We did have the windows open though, and were overlooking the road.I can't really say I'd recommend the hotel, but for a one night stay if you're not concerned with fancy trimmings, it's not too bad a choice.	
Jun 1 2007 	Not so nice!	I went to the New Pembury Hotel in London just before the end of May and what a sight!!!When I first arrived there, the place did not look too bad from the outside.However, once inside, I was already dreaming about checking out.I had a room situated at the second floor, with dirty carpet, filthy walls and I do not even want to talk about the state of the bathroom...I will not recommend this short-break/budget hotel to anyone simply because it is not a nice place to stay! I did not even bother with the breakfast and went to reception straight the following day to check out.Every single thing is run-down or in terrible state there, even a simple iron board!!!Besides, the location is a simple &quot; avant-gout &quot; of what people are gonna get once inside the hotel.Well, there is nothing else to add about it except for the fact that I will never go back there.	
Jan 17 2007 	You get what you pay for nothing more nothing less...	Location:Just 5 mins on foot from Finsbury Park tube station (Piccadilly line, 4 stations from Covnt Garden and still inside Zone 2). Seven Sisters Road seems to be a quite busy road, but since our room was looking to the parking lot, noise wasn't an issue for us.Service:Guy at the reception was nice, gave us the keys to two empty rooms so we could choose ourselves. Linen and towels been changed reliably and both been clean.Rooms:As i said in the headline: You get what you pay for (i.e. not much). The rooms are pretty battered. Doors and furniture got the occasional scratches and missing veneer, TV signal is pretty noisy and just 5 channels; Bathrooms are *really* tiny, but you get one for yourself at least. In one of the rooms (No. 9) we checked out, the paint on the bathroom ceiling was flaking. Somehow it seems like they ran out of money renovating the hotel and tried to make up for it by effort... But if you just need a cheap place to sleep after a long day of sightseeing and going out, it good enough for sure. Breakfast:The Breakfast room is inside the adjacent Central Wing Hotel.The Breakfast is pretty spartan: 2 sorts of toast, one kind of cheese and some jams, 2 kinds of cereals. The coffee and juice dispenser is good though =)	
Sep 20 2006 	Don't go to this Hotel!!!!		
Jun 1 2006 	Extremely disappointing!		
Mar 21 2006	Not so bad		
Mar 13 2006	Hated It !!		
Feb 2 2006	Do Not Stay Here!!		
Jul 24 2005	Hated the stay		
Feb 1 2005	A simple hotel can fulfill a short stay requirement		
Oct 22 2009 	mi bebé tuvo que dormir 3 noches en una mesa boca abajo		
Aug 4 2009 	Basura		
Jul 22 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jan 26 2009 	AIUTO! CHE ORRORE!		
Oct 26 2008 	Preiswert aber mit Vorsicht!		
Aug 19 2008 	che schifo		
Aug 19 2008 	Un très bon rapport qualité prix!		
Aug 5 2008 	BOF!!		
Jul 27 2008 	Quelle déception!!!		
Jul 14 2008 	Oltre al danno...la beffa....		
Jul 1 2008 	Zustand fürchterlich!		
May 27 2008 	Une vraie poubelle		
Apr 29 2008 	El peor del mundo		
Apr 8 2008 	Ne mériste pas ses 3 étoiles!!!		
Mar 24 2008	Keine gute Erfahrung		
Dec 18 2007 	no lo recomiendopara nada		
Aug 23 2007 	Economico ma accettabile		
Jul 25 2007 	Frühstück in besonderem Ambiente		
Jul 18 2007	on en demandait pas tellement plus...		
Jul 14 2007 	Trois nuits correctes dans une triple		
Mar 29 2007 	Aufenthalt war ok		
Mar 5 2007	hotel:3 quatier:0		
Mar 1 2007	chambre		
Sep 16 2006	Furchtbar NIE wieder da bleib ich eher zu Hause!!		
Jul 26 2006 	Eklig dreckig aber freundlich!		
Jul 4 2006	Hotel 2 stelle economico e pulito ben collegato.		
