Nov 18 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed in this hotel for a long weekend in London and would return. The location is brilliant-between Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The room was lovely, the bathroom in need of a bit of work but that wasn't a big deal. We had no major dealings with the staff but they seemed nice. Got a great deal off the londontown.com website.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent location	This hotel is in an excellent central location for sightseeing and theatre visits in London. Theatres are in walking distance as are many bars and restaurants. With the central location comes noise however! We were glad we took earplugs! The room was fine, bathroom a bit jaded and scruffy. The reception staff were extremely helpful and friendly and very efficient. I would certainly stay in this hotel again although I would not really describe it as 4 star.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent hotel in top location	I can honestly say that this is the best hotel I have stayed in in London for sightseeing purposes. The location is superb, perfect for a theatre trip, and we found we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. The room and bed were enormous and the facilities in there pretty good, just slightly let down by a very small bathroom. Breakfast was excellent and the bar made a very pleasant setting for post-theatre dinks. Al in all, a very good experience	
Sep 6 2009 	Lovely hotel and great location	Absolutely lovely hotel between Picadilly Circus and Liecester Square, but on a quiet street so little street noise. Beautiful and comfortable rooms, lovely full English breakfast FANTASTIC location for London sightseeing. National Gallery and Portrait Gallery are right next store - theatre district 2 blocks away. Wonderful experience.	
Aug 28 2009 	Unbeatable location and excellent for the money	Thought twice about booking this hotel (in a theatre deal with lastminute) after some of the older reviews here, but glad I did! Amazing location just off Trafalgar Square next to National Gallery, but remarkably quiet. We had a good-sized room on sixth floor, clean with good sound-proofing. Helpful and friendly staff too. While it hasn't got any particularly special 'character', it was perfect for a good-value short break right in the heart of the West-End.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location and quiet	I stayed here on a visit to see The Phantom of the Opera at Her Majesty's Theatre and this hotel was an excellent choice as it was only a few minutes’ walk to the theatre. The hotel is currently undergoing some exterior work but this didn’t inconvenience my stay at all.My room was clean, tidy and very comfortable. Check in/out and breakfast were all fine but most importantly the hotel was very quiet which for the location was amasing.	
May 22 2009 	loved it	The location is really nice. It is in the centre, yet it is very quite and you don't hear the buss of the Leicester square and Pic?adily as you might from some other hotels in the area. It is situated close to Pic?adily Circus and Charing Cross, so getting there is very easy from wherever in London. The rooms are nice and clean, though tiny (which is common for British hotels). I have to say that whoever was taking care of my room had a very strange idea on the use of shower caps- I got one on the first day and that was it, however, they did put in extra soap-but this is just a small thing to smile about. The breakfast was ok. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Mar 21 2009 	Refreshing anti-stress experience!	We stayed in this hotel for one night due to a congress in London and we were very pleased. I didn't check the reviews on Tripadvisor before this time because the hotel was booked by our secretary. However I was surprised to read such bad reviews! We noticed nothing of the sorts. The room was clean and very large, the bathroom was nice, breakfast might have been a bit more in choices but was fine otherwise (though no-one came to ask if we wanted coffee or tea). The hotel bar was nice after an evening's travel. I can't commend on the price though as we didn't have to pay it ourselves.	
Mar 10 2009 	A bit tired and in need of a refurb	Stayed here for one night whilst in London on business. Queued behind an American lady to book in and she was complaining about some of the bedrooms and I think she had been in 2 or 3 already. When I got to my room it was small with 2 single beds as my husband was joining me I rang down to reception and asked for a double which they let me change to with no problems.Breakfast was nothing special and additional but they did give you a £5 off voucher. Had a drink in the bar but not much atmosphere and a large flat screen tv had sport on. Ideally situated at the back of the National Gallery and very mnear Leicester Square so very easy to get to some of the main locations.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic 1st Experience	Well, I also was slighty cautious of this hotel due to previous reviews! Well I needn't have worried. I booked a hotel and show package with last minute.com for a surprise Birthday present for my Husband, I chose this hotel due to the fact that dinner and breakfast was included, I did upgrade the room to a suite which I had already planned to do prior to arriving as it was just £50 and well worth it. The room was huge, light and clean. The staff were top class, dinner was hot, well presented and very tasty, breakfast was equally nice, good variety and pleasent waiting staff... So we had: Hotel (upgraded room), 3 course meal, show (Blood Brothers) and breakfast, for a total of £255.86. Wow!!! We had a brilliant time,we don't often go to hotels but would definatly go back..	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent spot	I was so apprehensive about staying here having read some bad reviews but I was very pleasantly surprised. Maybe it's a case of you get what you pay for.I don't know if it made any difference but I booked directly through the Thistle website. Also, I booked a 'deluxe' room which was upgraded on arrival (without asking) to a 'junior suite'. It was fabulous. Spotlessly clean and spacious. Aircon, tea-making, ironing, hair dryer, satellite tv (just in case you had time to watch tv in this fabulous city) and of course the king-sized bed. You name it, the Royal Trafalgar had it.The service throughout our stay was excellent and the staff could not have been more helpful and polite.It is a little expensive but it boasts one of the best locations in the heart of London.Saving up already for my next trip and definitely staying here.	
Jan 26 2009 	Overbooked - Overpriced - Great location	A bad start to the trip. We arrived at around 8.00pm to be told that The Royal Trafalgar was over booked (reading other reviews I now wonder if this is a Thistle policy) and we were transferred by taxi (at the Hotel's expense) to The Thistle Bloomsbury. The taxi left us at the wrong hotel which meant a 10 minute walk with luggage to The Thistle Bloomsbury. The following day we returned (on foot although a free taxi was offered) to The Royal Trafalgar for the second night of our stay. Reception staff were helpful, the room was really very nice and spotlessly clean. The location is about as convenient as you can get for the West End (located just off Leicester Square) and yet remarkably quiet. There is an expensive multi storey car park nearby. Breakfast was good (so much better than at The Thistle Bloomsbury where we had spent the previous night). Our room rate included breakfast. Had it not, we would have dodged the £14 price tag. A very nice hotel but frankly an awful lot of money just to get a central location and over booking is unforgivable.	
Oct 30 2008 	Royal Trafalgar - clean and comfortable hotel in amazing location	We booked this hotel through lastminute.com and got a good deal for one night that included breakfast and theatre tickets (£210 for 2 people). We live in London, but thought it would be fun to stay in the city centre for a night and see London through a tourist's eyes!Firstly, the location is fantastic - right behind Trafalgar Sq. We walked to the theatre in Covent Garden in less than 10 minutes. The exterior of the building is not pretty - basically a 1960s lump of concrete and windows - but as soon as you hit reception it is bright and inviting, and the rest of the inside is equally well presented (though the air freshener smell was not to our taste and a little overpowering!). The room and bathroom were very pleasing; nothing fancy - but comfortable, clean, spacious enough and in good condition. The only negative was that the 'double' bed was in fact two twins pushed together - bit cheeky we thought.Staff were all friendly, polite and helpful and made us feel welcome and well looked after. Breakfast was as you would expect but nothing special - croissants were a bit chewy and I personally would have liked a wider selection of fresh fruit.On the way out I looked at the official room tariffs and they are incredibly steep for what the hotel is - you are clearly just paying for the location. That said, we had a lovely time and there is certainly nothing wrong with the hotel. If you want a clean, comfortable, no frills stay, then go the Royal Trafalgar (but try to get a cheap deal!)	
Oct 3 2008 	Simply awful	The location of this hotel is its only redeeming feature - from the minute I arrived until check out, the whole stay was exceptionally unpleasant. Rooms were not available for check-in for several hours past the advertised time, and when they were, they were cramped (even by London standards), dingy, dirty stains on the carpets, frayed curtains, with a pervading smell of damp. Even basics such as a non-slip mat for the shower had to be requested from the reception.Staff were less than pleasant (especially those serving at breakfast, who seemed to trained to shout at all the customers), and the food in the restaurant downstairs is apalling and overpriced - if you must stay here, don't eat here.As I was leaving, the door handle fell off..........I think that pretty much sums up the condition of this hotel - don't be taken in by the glossy reception area, in reality it is shabby and falling apart at the seams.	
Sep 23 2008 	Better than I thought	I was staying at this hotel for a friends Birthday/Hen Weekend. There were 10 of us altogether, all staying twin rooms for two nights. On arrival they had our booking wrong (only 1 night and not for the night we arrived.) They sorted it swiftly and we all good rooms. The room I was staying in was very 'petit and bijoux' as it were! Very comfortable. The bathroom was very clean. Massive telly!The hotel sent up a bottle of Champagne for my friend (the Birthday girl) who had arranged the booking, as an apologie for the mix up. They had also been given an upgrade, the room was huge! I was a bit apprehensive..as I read recent reviews...we visit London at least 3 or 4 times a year..chose this hotel for its great location. Even though its right in the centre, it wasn't noisey outside and in great walking distance to many of the london attractions. Overall I was impressed and would certainly stay there on my next weekend visit.	
Aug 5 2008 	Pleasant suprise until valuables disappeared from our room	We got a reasonable price (at least comparing with the normal price levels on hotels in London) from an internet site, and were pleasantly surprised when we got there. We went for a &quot;book a table for dinner in our restaurant and get an upgrade&quot; deal, and got a large and newly renovated room. We were happy with everything until we came back to our room one afternoon and got a strange feeling someone had been looking through our things (seals had been broken on shopping bags etc). We just laughed it off and told ourselves we were being paranoid, but when we were packing to leave the next day we realized both our mp3 players as well as some other things were missing.If I had checked into a two star hotel I could maybe have expected it, but this just shouldn't happen at a four star hotel (that's what they claim to be anyway). Reception staff agreed it sounded dodgy and contacted housekeeping, but of course no one admitted to anything. Whether it was housekeeping or not, I don't know or care, but someone with access to a key went into our room and snatched things that weren't even lying out in the open (the things that got stolen were all located in our bags). Obviously I will never stay there again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Right Royal Mess	Stayed one night at the 'Royal Trafalgar' Last week. Not by choice and would never stay there again. We were forced to stay here as the Thistle Piccadilly overbooked and shuffled us down the road at nearly midnight to this 'sister' hotel. We finally ended up with a room after lots of problem and the room we had was a dump. 2 * at best. Carpet threadbare, wallpaper coming off, windows and doors couldn't close. I will never stay at a Thistle hotel again because of this room and their overbooking fiasco. (see review on Piccadilly)Location was the only thing going for it.	
Jul 14 2008 	Filthy	THIS SHOULD NOT BE CLASSED AS A 4 STAR! Stayed here for 2 days and was well cheesed off. First of all i booked a double Jnr suit, when i arrived at the room you couldn't swing a cat in it and had single beds.(not good when you are celebrating you 21st wedding aniv). They got us another room bit bigger. I then tried to have a bath i would have had to run it at least an hour before as the watter was so slow running. after 5 mins got fed up and changed my mind and thought a shower would be better.The watter wouldnt run away and to my horror found the reason why. the plug hole was full of thick black hair, and since am blonde i knew they didnt come from me.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great location decent stay	Hotel has great location. Reception staff very friendly. Room I was allocated was huge and had double aspect views of the city from the 6th floor -very nice, but lower floors will not have such good views as with most big city hotels. Also little touches for the upgrade were worth it - bottles of water, a few chocolates, big flat tv, slippers and bath robe. The beds were extremely comfortable and there was plenty of extra seating, and work areas. Toiletries were very nice. On the downside, the bathroom was small but adequate. The shower was very hot and powerful. Breakfast was good and the staff were very attentive.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great Value For Money	We chose this hotel as we had booked to see the musical Marguerite and it was near the theatre (a two minute walk away, in fact).The location was excellent and we could walk to all the places we wanted to go rather than rely on taking the tube everywhere. We checked in quickly and the staff were very pleasant indeed. The room didn't appear that big but then the bed was massive so took up quite a bit of space (but not a problem at all). A great flat screen tv was in the room, which was unexpected. Complimentary tea and coffee in the room also. And a hairdryer and an iron/ironing board were also provided.The bathroom was small, but who needs a large bathroom anyway? The shower was nice and powerful and the usual complimentary shampoo/conditioner/shower gel etc were all provided.Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat there. The bar was a nice relaxing place to finish the night off with the last drink of the evening.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a nice quiet location but still in the centre of the action.	
Jun 22 2008 	Very Nice !!	The Thistle Trafalgar or Royal Trafalgar is in an excellent location, its a little tricky to find by car even with sat nav, but three times around the block and we got there.Reception staff were very curtious and efficient, especially when the four rooms we booked for a business trip were upgraded free of charge to four suites.The suite was very impressive,large, and clean.(See photos). The breakfast was fine, not a buffet but ordered at the table. Overall I would definately stay at the hotel again, there is an NCP carpark 30 yards up the road which is very convenient, making this an ideal Hotel with walking distance to all the attractions.	
Jun 8 2008	Only if you must	If you have no other options, then I suppose that this hotel would be okay however, it is nothing more than a horrendously overpriced bed to sleep in. The carpeting in the room was threadbare, the wallpaper was peeling in spots, the towel rack fell off the wall when I removed the towel, and the shower was moldy. Stay there only if you have no other options. The only saving grace is the good location.	
May 16 2008 	Unrivalled location	My wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights theatre and food in London. The hotel is behing the national portrait gallery but didn't suffer from any traffic noise (in our room at least.) It is smack in the middle of theatreland and is very handy for the tube to boot. You are a stone's throw from Trafalgar square, Piccadilly, Circus, Leicester Square and a couple of minutes walk from Covent garden, Big Ben and Embankment (ie Old county Hall, aquarium, London eye.We got a free upgrade on arrival, so can't comment on peoples' criticism of the basic twin rooms - our upgraded room was very nice. Plenty of room, clean, comfortable, good TV, safe, iron etc etc etc.We didn't have any main meals in the restaurant, but breakfast was very good, room service fine, and also quick and accurate (which you rarely get in London!).We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, far and away the best we've encountered in London. We went through a rebooker for an overall package with train tickets, Theatre tickets etc so our value perceptions may be skewed by this, but taking the quality of service, unrivaled location and cleanliness into account, this is the hotel we'll be returning to en route to Paris in September.	
Apr 26 2008 	Okay for what you pay	After booking and cancelling several London hotels, we settled on Thistle Trafalgar based primarily on price and location - and got about what we paid for. As long as you're planning on using the room as a base only, this is a pretty good place to be - however, I would NEVER recommend to anyone to book a standard twin room at this hotel. On arrival, despite booking (and paying for) the night prior based on a 7am check-in from a long haul flight, there was no room available except a smoking room. We were so tired and grotty we accepted - BIG mistake. Room really reaked and when we tried to open the windows and turn on the air conditioner, we found windows stuck and air conditioning on floor 4 - in this room at least - is non existent, which the maintenance man informed us when he came to &quot;fix&quot; it!! On complaining to reception that this was not what we'd booked or expected, they offered to upgrade us to a deluxe twin room - but not before 2pm. The upgraded room was significantly better than the first. New room was still very small, but the location of the hotel is so good you're really only in the room to sleep anyway.We left feeling we'd done okay, however had the upgrade and room change not have eventuated our 4 days in London would have been fairly miserable!!	
Mar 26 2008 	Nice hotel but watch out for 'included' meals!	I booked this hotel through work as I had a meeting the next day, but took my partner to see the sights and certainly wasn't disappointed when I arrived, as it was right in the heart of Trafalgar, on a road running parallel to the National Gallery and behind Leicester Square itself. Despite its location it was nice and quiet, and you're also 5 mins walk from about 5 different tube stations, so perfect for getting around town too.The room was very nice with a HUGE bed and flatscreen TV and plenty of wardrobe space. The bathroom wasn't that great but that's not the sort of thing that bothers me much.I would have said this hotel was excellent but I do think you should watch out for the 'included' breakfast and dinner which I think is a total scam:When my partner and I arrived I was told dinner and breakfast were included, although my travel agent with work had said it was room only. I thought this was great but was a little suspicious, as I noticed on the restaurant menu that dinner was around £30 a head for 2 courses without any drink, and I only paid £115 for the room. I did question them at the time and they assured me it was included. When we later went down for our 'free' dinner I was very suspicious and pushed for details, and it turned out that what they meant by 'included' was that the expense of our dinner and breakfast for two would be charged back to my work's travel agent, who would have subsequently called my office to ask for the payment. I'm quite sure this would have led to me being fired! I'm so glad I asked!!Anyway despite that this IS a nice hotel, the staff were extra friendly and the bar and restaurant were very good although why you would want to eat in the hotel when you're 5 mins walk from Chinatown / Covent Garden/ the whole of London I don't know! I would stay here again, mainly for the convenience of the location but it is a nice base too.	
Mar 10 2008	Ideal Location Hotel Satisfactory	Me and my boyfriend have just returned from a two night stay at the Thistle Trafalgar Square (now called Royal Trafalgar). We chose this hotel due to the reasonable price and close proximity to the West End Theatres (we had booked to see a couple of shows beforehand for my birthday). The location was absolutely fantastic, it was set on a quiet street and was just a very short walk to the theatres, Chinatown and was located right between Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Mayfair are also just a short walk away. This is an ideal choice for a Theatre/Shopping Break or if you want to be in the centre of all the action! The hotel itself was extremely good value considering you are in the centre of London- there was no need for taxis or the underground throughout our stay as everything we wanted to see was right on our doorstep. We booked fairly last minute and were told we had a twin/double room on our booking confirmation, which was vague. When we arrived we were actually given a twin room as they were fully booked and had no double rooms left. This twin room was very small and cramped and the bathroom was also very small (the bathroom door hit the toilet due to lack of space). However it was light, airy, clean and modern with a huge widescreen T.V! Obviously, we would have preferred a double room, but this didn't spoil our stay too much as we didn't spend alot of time in our room really! One thing that did annoy me though was that we couldn't get into our room on the second day as they had changed the code for our key! I know this is for security but I was a bit confused as to why they didn't inform us that they do this when we initially checked in!! When we went down to investigate there were quite a few other people compaining that their key didn't work, so do bear this in mind!I can't comment on the food/restaurant as we didn't use these facilities (cheaper to eat out as there are so many places on your doorstep including Chinatown if you're a fan of Chinese Food like me) but the hotel bar is very nice and modern.Overall I would definately go back to this hotel again, purely for the excellent location. I would try and book a bigger/superior room (if possible) next time if going with my boyfriend or if going for more than one night as the Twin Room we had was quiet small and cramped. The staff were helpful and did try to get our room changed for us but unfortunately as they were fully booked there were no other rooms avaialble, so make sure you book in plenty of time if you require a bigger room.	
Mar 10 2008 	Perfect Location	The Thistle Trafalgar Square is ideally located for all the major tourist spots - directly round the corner from the National Gallery and the National Portrait Gallery, only two minutes walk to Leicester Square; five minutes from Piccadilly Circus.Reception staff were pleasant and stored our case whilst the room was being prepared - we arrived fairly early. Consierge gave clear directions and was extremely helpful.We were allocated a Junior Suite on the fifth floor (Room 502) which was extremely spacious, scupulously clean, with complimentary tea, coffee etc and a welcome plate of fruit. Noise was kept to a minimum with double glazing and thick curtains. The room was warm and welcoming (with pictures of Limone on Lake Garda - reminding us of a wonderful holiday we took there some years ago!)Breakfast was fine with a good selection of fruit, cheese, rolls and a full English breakfast on offer - which could set you up for a full days sight-seeing!I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel - it is excellent value, ideally located, with pleasant and welcoming staff.	
Feb 29 2008 	Functional	Although I booked the hotel for two rooms and specified my wife was staying with me, they gave my colleague the double on the 6th floor and me the tiny twin room on the 4th floor- but too late in evening to change!. All I can say its functional. Showers fine if your under 5 foot and make sure you turn it on way before you want a hot shower. I did ask for extra towels but never turned up so had to use the wet one my wife kindly left me. Avoid twin rooms, insist on extra towels. For £152 a night I thought it was way over priced for a chain like thistle. would look around a bit more next time.Very good and friendly staff at reception, easy check out.	
Feb 24 2008 	For London - Adequate but what can you expect?	Booked for one night due to late business commitments in the Capital.Staff friendly and helpful. Shared areas were bright and modern as were corridors etc. I booked a single room but was allocated a room with a double bed which suited me.The room was small (very) I was on the forth floor and most of the rooms seemed to be this size from what I could discern - other floors are probably better sized(?). Essentially it had a double bed in it and ...basically that was it. I have seen other pictures on this site showing a twin room - my room was the same except the double bed replaced the two singles and is turned 90 degrees. The result is that you cannot get to the window apart from climbing over the bed. Also if you were sharing with someone, one person is trapped up against the wall and would need to climb over the other person to get to the bathroom during the night (as necessary). The TV was again OK but signal on most channels, of which I think there were 4 terrestrial feeds only, was pretty poor.The bathroom - small, tired and dated - shower didn't work too well and it smelled a tad but about acceptable.Bed as with most things was OK, would be snug for 2 particularly as it is up against the wall along one side.I paid a £116 which included a fine English breakfast in a nice dining area - again the staff were friendly and helpful.	
Feb 23 2008 	So-so hotel terrific location	Don't know what's up with the Thistle hotels and their 'upgrade' policy. We traveled on business and my colleagues were 'upgraded' to a much better room than they'd booked primarily because they'd hung around the lobby waiting for a room (we'd arrived at 6 a.m.) whilst we were out and about until 2 p.m, w/c is supposedly when check-in is. Got back at 2, found our room to be infinitesimal (we'd booked a deluxe) and objected. Were shown to another room immediately, but had to pay an extra £20 for it. Meanwhile, my colleagues got the EXACT same room minus the extra £20. What gives? Management supplied me with a very lame excuse. Decided not to argue because we were just too tired. Most of the hotel staff do not speak english very well altho' the restaurant staff was very courteous and attentive. Front desk staff was mediocre. Central location. Perhaps that's why they think they can get away with shabby service.	
Jan 11 2008	Bad surprise turned good!	We arrived in London on 29 December 2007 and were very skeptical about our choice of hotel having read horror reviews on the hotel after our booking. To our dismay, the 200 euros per night per room were far from justified for the stuffy, poky and dark room we were led to. The reviews were right!We then decided to call reception to tell them that the room was too hot to sleep in and they offered to upgrade us to a superior room. The new room was just as the travel brochure showed - spacious, bright and very comfortable. It was worth every penny.As for the location, you will never be disappointed regardless of your room rate!We highly recommend the breakfast that is hearty and served in nice surroundings.	
Jan 2 2008	Don't trust a confirmed booking here!	Confirmed and pre-paid booking for a double room through e-bookers. Requested non smoking double-arriving after 4.30pm. Arrived 19.30 to be told that no rooms available at this hotel due to maintenance problems and for security reasons some of the rooms were out of use?? I asked which rooms and why - they couldn't give an explanation. They offered an alternative hotel near Regent Street, this was the one that had loads of availability because it is nowhere near the fireworks! or Trafalgar Square! and not within walking distance when you are recovering from a broken knee! There is also no transport available and the roads are closed on New Years Eve with 700,000 people there for the fireworks!! Anyway, the next day, they admitted to e-bookers that they had overbooked (so the duty manager lied to me)....and they had wrongly allocated their bookings. We had no choice but to settle for a mattress on the floor of a single room, or sleep in their foyer. The single room was a smoking room (disgusting odour), with wallpaper peeling off walls, carpet not attached to the floor and mouldy secondary double glazing in a 70's bathroom - they charged us £154.16 for the single room, although E-bookers had already paid £186 for a double. Response on check out was 'we strongly recommend you write to our manager - he is back 2/1/08'......... Don't rely on a confirmed booking at this hotel.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great location dreadful hotel	I needed an overnight in London at the time of the World Trade Fair, so hotel rooms were difficult to find. Was charged £129 for the night and I left wishing I'd rather travelled home than stayed there (I would have got more sleep on the train).The staff at check-in were very friendly and I was optimistic about the hotel when I checked in as the public areas are really nice, modern and clean. I was given room 437, so needed to take the lift to the 4th floor. The lifts are tiny and the creaking sounds they made did not give me any confidence at all.I got to my room and was disappointed to find it was a twin room. It was a bright sunny day, but the room was really dark. The decor is very 70's and is in need of redocorating. The bathroom was dreadful, with a small dim light, which I guessed was there to hide the awful cracked tiles and the shower I refused to use. (I took some photos which are posted here).The room was over a side street and I had taxis and motorbikes in particular going past my window every 10-15 minutes during the night, so had no chance of sleep. (I live in the country so I suppose I may notice noise more).Overall if you want a good location ( 5 mins from everywhere on foot) and don't care where you stay then this is the hotel for you, if you can get a good price. If you are looking for somewhere nice to stay, keep looking!	
Oct 5 2007 	good location good value	Stayed for three nights.excellent location ,very quite(except for the loud Americans leaving at 6.00am who felt the need to tell everyone else about their travel plans). Unlike some of the other reviewers I found the staff pleasant and efficient,with a good command of English. Our room was large. Parts of the hotel are a little tired and the reception area is quite small,but at the price for a central London Hotel, this is excellent value. Will stay there again.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great location - avoid twin rooms!	As other reviewers have said, the best thing about this hotel is the location. It's right next door to the National Gallery and Trafalgar Square. When shown to our room we were disappointed to have been given a twin room barely large enough to swing a cat, as they say! The reception staff were very helpful and gave us a large double room with plenty of space for cats to be swung in! The room was very clean and well appointed with all the stuff you would expect, TV, coffee and tea making facilities, safe, air con (not that you need it in London). The only negative point was that the shower was designed for someone under 5ft tall which I'm not! The hotel staff, although very friendly were almost exclusively foreign and some had quite poor english which made things difficult. If you want somewhere ideally located for the theatres and sightseeing then you can't go far wrong.	
Sep 17 2007 	Excellent location nothing else	It was my fault that I didn't do my research properly and showed up at the Charing Cross Thistle by mistake. In retrospect, I should have stayed there.The T-Square Thistle has an excellent location, but that's about it. Not being English myself, communication at check-in with another foreigner was difficult. Finding housekeeping going around knocking on doors at 4 in the afternoon asking guests if their rooms had been cleaned was suspicious. But the upsided down painting in the room - that was just ghetto.The twin room was very tiny, we would have been better off staying at a B&amp;B for half the price. Had to catch an early flight the next morning so we weren't able to make use of any of the other amenities of the hotel.	
Jul 31 2007 	Thistle TSq - Decent hotel; great location	We (my sister, brother and I) gave my mom a trip to London for her 75th birthday and she insisted the extended family stay here (she'd been here several times) which we did for several days this past July. Hotel is equidistant between Leiciester Square (with TKTS booth) and T-square. Right next to Portrait Gallery.Rooms w/twin beds are quite small but clean enough and some actually have a view of the London Eye (which changes colors at night!) The rooms with king beds are more spacious. Maids insisted on giving us one set of towels even though it was obvious two people were staying in the room. Desk staff was pleasant and helpful but automatically recoded all our room keys every day of our stay which was particularly annoying. Full English Breakfast was delicious and worthwhile since filling up and grabbing a croissant and &quot;banger&quot; for lunch would easily hold you till dinner. They even got my lactose-intolerant brother some soy milk. Didn't have any other meals there or visit the pub.Best thing about the place is its central location. Easy walk to every major west end theater, Soho, Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus, wherever. Pretty close to L-square tube stop.	
Jul 25 2007 	Fantastic Stay	Stayed one night at The Thistle whilst catching a Eurostar train the next morning. From arrival with the helpful, friendly staff at check in (received an unasked for upgrade to an executive room) to the excellent room service, cooked to order breakfast and finally the swift and efficient check out the next morning (including flagging down a taxi) this short stay was memorable for all the right reasons. Will definitely be returning to stay for longer and make more use of the superb location.	
Jun 19 2007 	Hated the Thistle Trafalgar Square	We stayed for 3 nights on a theatre break. The location was central and the hotel public areas were in reasonable condition but the double room we stayed in was shabby, not very clean and the whole decor was pretty poor, not what we expected from this chain or at this ptice. Communication with staff proved difficult due to their poor English and lack of knowledge.	
May 15 2007	great location crap hotel	the hotel is situated in one of the best locations in London, next door to the National Gallery and a stone's throw from the West End.Rooms are cramped, service mediocre, decoration awful.	
May 12 2007 	Great Location Below Average Hotel.	The location of the Thistle Trafalger Square is excellent - right next to Piccadilly and Leicester Square.The hotel itself however I found to be well below average. Rooms - at least the standard ones - are absolutely tiny - even for London standards, which says a lot. Once you entered the room you can do a 360 degree and that's about it. The desk was basically unusable with everything (TV, phone etc) cramped onto it. Furniture and room decor are old and tired with the bed beeing quite uncomfortable. Service at the front desk was slow and when we went for a drink at the bar at night we felt most unwelcome - like we added some extra burden to the staff.On a more positive note, one can say that everything was quite clean though.	
Mar 27 2007 	Superb Location Nice Hotel too!	Me and my bfriend stayed at this hotel for one night, booked it thru asiarooms.com, who were the cheapest at the time of booking £119. Although on checking the Thistle's own website two days before - their price had dropped to £120, incl brekkie, but some may think this is a bit risky leaving it that late when trying to plan a weekend getaway?The location is superb. 5 mins walk to Trafalgar square, Piccadily Circus, and only around the corner from where we went to see Phantom ( Her Majesty theatre).Room was nice , although bathroom was a little dated.Breakfast was great - loads to choose from.Staff great and very friendly, always smiling.But overall the hotel's location is it's best asset ! Spot on !	
Mar 11 2007	Excellent Hotel 	We had booked tickets to see the show Mama Mia at the Prince of Wales Theatre In the West end.The Thisle was chosen as it seemed central.We were pleasantly surpised to find that it was 3 minutes walk to the theatre.It was the same the other way to Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery.The Hotel was very good.The room was warm and comfortable.Breakfast was excellent.The reception staff were efficient and very helpful and friendly.They are with you in a few seconds and at one time 3 asked if they could help.You have everything nearby just about 10 minutes stroll to Westminster Bridge therefore close to the London Eye,several theatres are close as you are close to Leicester Square and Piccadilly.A very good Hotel which We will stay at when in London again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Completely lets down the Thistle brand	The first thing you notice about the hotel is the musty smell, it hits you as you walk through the doors. We paid extra for the &quot;deluxe&quot; room which was really cramped. I cant imagine what the standard rooms must have been like. The bathroom was in terrible condition and hadn't been updated for about 20 years. My head was touching the ceiling when in the bathtub for a shower.Staff were friendly enough but took half an hour to check out three guests when we were leaving - very frustrating !!Having stayed in many Thistles, I expected this hotel to offer a similar level of comfort but was very disappointed. Needless to say, will be looking elsewhere in future.	
Jul 27 2006 	Not bad but don't do the Express Checkout !	Excellent location, as others have noted. Room was clean and usually quiet (walls a little on the thin side). Good sized rooms, nice big tub for soaking weary feet. Restaurant was average for breakfast. Dinner was much better. Staff were very helpful. However, DO NOT DO THE EXPRESS CHECKOUT, especially if you are a business traveller and need a receipt for your expense claim. They are supposed to mail you a copy. I waited four weeks and then sent an e-mail. No reply whatsoever. I then contacted their customer care people, who sent them another e-mail. That was a couple of weeks ago. Its been two months now and I am still waiting !!!	
Jul 6 2006	Excellent	I have stayed in this hotel twice now. Once 4 years ago for my 21st birthday and now 4 years later and it is still a lovely place to stay. The location is fantastic as Trafalgar Sq, Leicester Sq and Piccadilly are all within a few yards so no need for expensive taxis. The hotel is clean and friendly. We were told on arrival that we had been given a complimentary upgrade which was a very impressive room with windows all around making it light and airy. The only thing I would say is that a valance sheet would have looked better on the bed (that is really picky - i know!). I cannot fault the staff and was very impressed at how quiet it is on a morning (no clattering cleaners outside the door as there is at other hotels) I will most definitely book again	
Apr 24 2006	Great Location!	Stayed at this hotel in april for the second time, but this time a bit dissapointed, I booked a deluxe twin room but it was very small although newly refurbished! no other extras and differences between this and standard! I did complain but all the junior suites were booked up as it was half term! The location is excellent however just off leicester square and trafalgar square! Lots of lovely restaurnats nearby also. prob wouldnt stay here again, will stick to the five star hotels!! Did see Billy Elliot at the theatre which was brilliant!	
Apr 17 2006	Fantastic Hotel Great Staff	Fantastic Hotel and a great location. Very good value from booking online. On arrival upgraded to a junior suite. Plenty big enough for our family of 4. Very clean and quiet and the staff were excellent. Breakfast in the morning was tasty and filling with a great selection of hot and cold items. Any people who are critical of this hotel are either picky or unlucky. On our next trip we will stay here.	
Mar 31 2006	Location location location	This hotel gets 4 stars for the location. The hotel itself is fine, but the location is fantastic. You are steps from Trafalgar Square, Picadilly Circus, theatres, shopping and all the transportation options. The hotel is directly behind the National Gallery. It could use some updating. The carpets are worn and there is some chipped paint, but it is clean and the rooms are a decent size for London. The breakfast buffet is good if a little boring. The beds are comfortable and the staff is willing. This is my second stay here. I recommend it highly. Just remember, it is not the Ritz. It is not badly priced and they do have specials.	
Mar 12 2006	Not luxurious but pleasant and clean...very good location...pricey.	Great bed and linen. Immaculate room and bath.Helpful staff. 2.5 blocks from Picadilly, so a great location. Room rates seem high, but it is London...and London is marvelous. We would stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 9 2006	Great Location. Good if you can get a cheap deal.	We stayed here as part of a package that I won online so I cannot comment on price. The staff were not unfriendly but nor did they go out of their way to make us feel welcome. Room size was fine although it was an executive room so I wondered what the standard rooms were like.Overall, the room, sheets and towels were clean and the bathroom quite modern but the curtains needed mending and a valance sheet over the base of the bed would have made a world of difference. A mini bar as well as coffee in the tea- and coffee making tray would have been welcome. Breakfast was a bit of a let down. The food and drinks were a bit tasteless and the sausages overcooked but I did enjoy the croissants. We had a pleasant stay but I am glad I did not have to pay for it!	
Jan 23 2006	Great location very clean	We stayed at the Thistle Trafalger Square for one night on 21st January and were pleased with it. Check in was quick and efficient, our room (number 324) was very spacious and spotlessly clean. There were windows on two walls as it was on a corner which gave lots of natural light. Lots of fluffy towels but strangely only one bathrobe. As our room was at the end of the corridor, with only one other room adjacent to it, it was extremely quiet overnight as no-one had to pass our room to get to theirs. The heating was very easily adjusted so we had a comfortable night. Breakfast was the usual buffet style with good quality, hot food. The breakfast room is the hotel's restaurant and while fine for breakfast was a bit bland and characterless for dining, but let's face it there are hundreds of eateries in London so you don't need to eat dinner at the hotel anyway (Quaglino's is highly recommended!) We stay overnight in London quite regularly to save rushing for the last train home. We have stayed at the Selfridge before but were a little disappointed; we would stay at the Trafalgar Square again. All in all a very nice stay in a clean hotel in a great location.	
Oct 31 2005 	Depending what you want	I stayed there for 3 nights. It has its pros and cons really depending on what you want. ProsExcellent location at the heart of West end with all theatres and good restaurants. Yet a block behind the noisy street to have a decent sleep. Room provided with tea pot with &quot;Twinnings&quot; and hot chocolate free. Nothing more to expect from a 3 star accomodation. The bed was comfortable and the rate of slightly more than a hundred pounds a night is a good deal.ConsThe hotel is very old and the maintenance is poor. My room had a faulty light and a shower with the temperature controlled out of order. With the not so clean tub, I prefer to use the shower and had to turn the water real slow to avoid burning myself with the unadjustable switch.If you just want a place to sleep which is cheap and convenient, it is okay. But certainly not a place that you enjoy to stay.	
Oct 30 2005	Great Location - Quiet	Took my daughter to London in Oct. after taking my son in Feb. Stayed both times at Thistle Trafalgar Square.Location can't be beat; walking distance to most everthing in West End or an easy tube commute.Room was always clean and quiet (remember, though this is not the Savoy, and neither are you paying Savoy prices).Small language barrier with some of the staff, but James (consierge) was always very helful.Second time staying there and I'll use it again.	
Oct 17 2005	Scruffy hole	My daughter and I have just come back from London after booking this hotel with 'Lastminute'. What a disappointment; their webiste gave it 8 out of 10, a joke surely. The hotel is scruffy, dirty and smelly. The room we were allocated (deluxe) was tiny, dark, and dinghy. Behind the net curtains the windows were rotten, flaking paint and a not too nice smell. We were patiently told at reception that they had 3 room types and for an extra £20 we could be upgraded to an executive room - hurray!! So on to room 623 it was. The only thing I could see any different to the Deluxe room (apart from the extra £20 coming out of my bank account) was a 'free' small bottle of water. Although all the staff were pleasant enough and the location great, I wouldn't waste my money here again.	
Jul 22 2005	allergy sufferers bypass this one	If you suffer from asthma or allergies this is not the hotel for you. This hotel is in bad need of an up dating. The carpets reek of smoke and years of neglect. The rooms are tiny and have your grandmas drapes and bedspreads. The hotel is on a small one way street but the noise at night makes it hard to have a sound sleep. The hot water was iffy and the bathrooms were moldy and very unattractive. There was no storage for luggage or even toiletries in the bathroom! The staff was a bit cool towards the guests but I suppose they get alot of complaints and are prepared for the worst. I was moved twice before I got a room I was satisfied with. They told me the third room was a newly remodeled room.... I wondered what it looked like before.	
Apr 27 2005	No cold water!	I booked this hotel for a theatre break with my mother and must say I was extremely disappointed. The room was on the small side and the decor was old and scruffy. There were numerous rips in the curtains. There was no water coming out the cold water tap and when we complained to the staff we were told that nothing could be done as the maintenance staff do not work over the weekends. Finally, to top it all off, the room was very noisy during the night with a constant stream of police sirens and loud groups of people easily audible through the pathetic attempt at double glazing. Upon check out from the hotel I complained to the hotel manager who advised they could not offer me any refund as we had paid for the hotel in advance. The best he could offer was a discounted room on my next stay. I declined. All in all, this hotel is not up to 4 star standard and should be avoided if possible.	
Apr 14 2005	very good hotel	My husband and i stayed here for a weekend and found this to be a great hotel.The rooms were large and well kept bathroom was larger than some other hotels' rooms. The breakfast was great, only thing is having to wait for a table.We would stay here again.	
Apr 13 2005	Great quiet location!	We stayed here for 3 nights in mid March. I had previously stayed here last year and came back again. It did not disappoint. We had a deluxe suite, very spacious, twin beds and a double sofa bed. The bathroom was large and clean, as was the entire room. We backed onto the National Gallery so it was incredibly peaceful overnight despite being in the heart of Leicester Square. Staff were all friendly and polite. Close to several tube stations (Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus and Charing Cross) accessing all the major lines. Only down side is the small breakfast room- we had to wait one morning for a table to become available but apart from that I enjoyed another excellent stay.	
Nov 3 2004	Terrible for a four star rating	This last weekend I stayed at Thistle Trafalgar Square. To begin with I decided to go for an executive twin to get a bigger room - the room I got was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, in fact I have stayed in a couple of 3 star hotels and the rooms there were better. I asked for email confirmation of my booking and didn't receiveone. It was a noisy room due to the &quot;fan&quot; in the bathroom being loud and unable to be switched off. The sink plug was faulty so the water drained VERY slowly. My toast was served without a plate or butter. I was most disappointed in the hotel. I have stayed in numerous 4 and 5 star hotels all over the world and this was the worst ever.	
Nov 2 2004	Best location	I and my friend and 2 nieces stayed at the Thistle for 3 nights at the end of the half term. He had a single room on the 4th floor which was tiny. The bed was up against the window and there was no air conditioning. He did suffer a bit but managed to open the window for some air but unfortunately he then had to put up with the noise from outside. He did say altough the room was small he was comfortable. Myself and nieces had a studio room on the 5th floor which was spacious. The massive king size bed was more than adequate for the girls to share and I had a very comfortable sofa bed. The lack of air conditioning was a problem and would only go down to 16 degrees and no less. We only used the restaurant for breakfast and this was o.k. On the 2nd night in the early hours the fire alarm went off and we all had to go outside. The fire brigade were there immediately. The only thing was, there was not a single member of staff that came out to reassure anybody. We all went back in like sheep but still no staff. I can only assume that the firemen gave the all clear. The location was great and we couldn't have wished for better. We walked easily to Leicester Square and Piccadilly with all the restaurants and shows etc. Trafalgar Square just round the corner and Chinatown a very short walk.We walked back to the hotel from Oxford St. after visiting Hamleys toy store etc and this was no problem for little legs! The hotel was very clean and staff were very polite and helpful. Being so central you do have to allow for the noise at night but this was not really a problem.I would recommend this hotel for the location without a doubt.We had very enjoyable time. The Thistle Piccadilly is only up the road 2 minutes so this would be another option which looks good from the outside.	
Oct 14 2004	Great Location	This was my first trip to London and I was delighted with the location of this hotel. Our decision to stay here was based on the reviews we read on this website. It is truly centrally located and because it is on a small alley the noise is reduced, not as bad as other hotels in the area. We had some problems with our first room but staff could not have been nicer. Some rooms are quite big and others are very tiny. We had both. The bed was comfortable. I agree with others that the decor is tired but everything was always clean and it suited our needs. I don't spend much time in my room anyway when on a trip. We paid 96 pounds/night including breakfast. Not bad for London. The half off theater ticket booth in Leicester Sq. is only a block up the street. We walked to plays every night and were also able to walk to so many of the popular sights within minutes. The tube and bus (multiple lines) were right there if we didn't want to walk.	
Oct 10 2004	A fantastic location...	Spent 7 nights at Thistle Trafalgar. Rates were quite good. As to be expected, room was rather small but clean and comfortable. Look at the diagram on back of door for fire exits and you can see the different room sizes. My friend upgraded to a family &quot;suite&quot; which is the one they like to picture on their website with windows all around. Very spacious. They even get better toiletries! Location...well, could not be better. Stone's throw from Leicester Square, where you will probably choose to eat. I only ate breakfast at this hotel but it was DIRE. I am familiar with full English breakfast and have had quite good food at other London hotels. This really is not good. But..despite this I do recommend the hotel. You just have to find somewhere else to have breakfast. Nice sandwich shops right across the narrow street in front. Right around corner is National Gallery and Trafalgar Square. I can't imagine a more convenient location for someone on holiday in London.	
Sep 20 2004	Fine - location is great	The hotel is okay, the decor tired and rooms not spacious. But the staff were pleasant and the location is brillant.	
Aug 19 2004	National Gallery next door!	For art lovers and sightseers, this is a great location. It is steps away from the incredible National Gallery and very conveniently located to multiple tube stops. Downside: the room was VERY small (we required a room with two beds. They were twin size and mattresses were uncomfortable. However, rooms with one queen bed are much more spacious). But with a hearty full English breakfast included in the very reasonable price I booked, it made up for the discomfort. Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square and many theatres are seconds away by foot. Note: if you're debating between the two, the Thistle Piccadilly is only about 100 yards away from the Thistle Trafalgar Square location.	
Aug 16 2004	great location		
Jul 29 2004	unbeatable location		
May 20 2004	Wonderful Experience!		
May 12 2004	Excellent Location		
Apr 26 2004	I must have stayed at another hotel!!!!!		
Apr 2 2004	Good Centrally Located 4* Hotel		
Mar 28 2004	Great Location		
Mar 12 2004	Rethink your options!		
Mar 6 2004	ok hotel		
Feb 19 2004	Good Choice at a Discounted Rate		
Nov 2 2009 	gut aber...		
Oct 1 2009 	Centralt prisvärt hotell		
Apr 20 2008 	Buena ubicación pero un hotel viejo.		
Sep 9 2007 	A eviter		
