Feb 19 2006	Service is an oxymoron	Stayed at the hotel with my wife in January. Would definitely not recommend. Some of the worst service I have ever seen in a hotel. My wife had booked a room after having gone to the hotel 10 days earlier while she was in London. She had spent an hour looking at the rooms and then reserved it on her AMEX card. The hotel then cofirmed the reservation with me personally on the phone 3 days prior to our arrival. They promptly gave away the room and gave us the smallest room in the hotel saying that they had needed it. The manager lacked any grace and does not understand what service means. They had not the slightest sense of compunction. I personally do not know how it can survive.	
Oct 25 2005	Friendly stylish cosy and reasonable	I love this hotel! For half the price of an anonymous, impersonal and mass-produced chain, it offers charm and comfort in a greta location - close to Hampstead, Belsize Park and well connected to central London by tube in 10 minutes.The food is excellent (french-inspired and ample) and the service smooth. Just don't expect the mass-produced slickness check-in and scripted service routines at dinner - take your time, relax and chat - you'll find it welcoming and refreshing.The standard rooms are minimalist, Scandinavian style rooms in the basement. the executive rooms are cosier and more opulent, on the upper floors.Try calling them direct for better rates - it can beat the prices offered elsewhere.	
Sep 19 2005	Don't you dare ask for a Sandwich	If you’re after a hotel that takes you back to 1970s levels of English unionised service – the House Hotel in Hampstead is it. You’ll find the check in process slow and cumbersome, hampered by computers that hardly work. The rooms are at best adequate and the room service – well it’s non-existent. A request for a simple sandwich at midnight will be met by blank refusal and the advice that if you want any food there’s a newsagent some way down the road !! For a mid-priced London Hotel in 2005 – my advice is to seek accommodation elsewhere.	
Aug 28 2005	Shockingly bad service	Based largely on other reviews on this site, I booked one night at the House Hotel in Hampstead. When I arrived, the person at check-in ignored me in favor of the news he was watching, never even saying hello once he grudingly got up, walked over and threw the check-in form at me. Adding to his charm, he also smelled as if he hadn't showered in four days. When I asked to confirm that the room I had booked at a higher rate was not facing the street (this on the advice of the booking person on the phone, who suggested that if I needed a good night's sleep, I ought to pay 20 pounds more a night for a room not on the street), he said: &quot;Well, I guess you'll just have to see for yourself. I need your credit card.&quot; When asked what time check-out was in the morning, he said, &quot;I don't know.&quot; I asked for a wake-up call the next morning, which came in 15 minutes late and consisted of a ring and no answer at the other end. The room -- which, unlike the main room, which is charming, was characterless and cheaply furnished -- was also in the basement, heated to approximately 95 degrees, and as I was a woman traveling alone on business I didn't feel comfortable keeping the ground floor window open. It took 90 minutes to cool the room down, using an inefficient air conditioner with a hose that had to be manually put out of the open window. The bed was uncomfortable, the pillows were foam. And the next morning, having slept badly, I arrived 45 minutes before breakfast ended to find that there was no silverware left, several items had run out and were not replaced and only one staff person showed up during 20 minutes. He was asked for a cereal spoon and did not return, until he and a colleague started loudly putting away the remains of breakfast, with 25 minutes to go until closing. At this point, I had given up. I went to check out, which involved 15 minutes and three people, though I had a cab waiting and a meeting to get to. At no point did anyone ask if I had enjoyed my stay. I guess they must know better at this point. I paid nearly $200 for one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had in any city. Don't be fooled by the charming website photos. This place is a dump.	
Jul 14 2005	Nice Reasonably Priced Hotel in a Fun Neighborhood	It's not in the central touristy part of London, but Hampstead is a great neighborhood with lots of interesting shops and good restaurants. And the trip into town is a quick one on the tube. We had a room in the main house, which was of reasonable size, well-appointed and clean. There was good water pressure, and a nice continental breakfast. It's a charming little hotel, but on a busy street so ask for a quieter room if you can get it. The only small complaint was the staff. They tried hard to be helpful, but were poorly equipped. Had a hard time recommending restaurants and when they did, they couldn't remember the names, provide directions or give phone numbers. Seems like management could solve that with a book of recommendations and info. Overall, very good for the money. Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 16 2004	Not as impressive as I thought	Stayed for two nights in the House Hotel. It was in a great area, and seemed nice. However, they advertise that there is Moulton Brown in the bathrooms - there isn't! They have it in the public bathroom and they sell it - so that didnt impress me for a start. The room was exceptionally small, but comfortable at the same time and nicely decorated. Also, our CD player didnt work.Continental breakfast was served till 10. At 9:55 they started to clear everything away and made you feel uncomfortable for sipping over your coffee. The breakfast staff were very rude.The decor in the reception area and bar was fabulous, but I wasnt bowled over with the staff, nor the rooms (and the lack of Mouton Brown!)We got a good deal on the room, but if I had paid full price I would have felt ripped off!	
Nov 15 2004	Romantic retreat in London	I stayed in the House Hotel in London's Belsize Park/Hampstead area for 4 nights. The hotel was rennovated and opened under new management a few years ago. Located on a busy street, the hotel offers guests quick access to the lovely shops and delightful restaurants of Hampstead Village, Belsize Park, Camden, and Primrose Hill. It is also a few minutes from the Hampstead Heath, a quiet oasis of nature in busy London that is perfect for a relxing walk or jogging. The House Hotel is also located directly on major bus lines and 2 minutes from the Tube. The hotel is quite small--only 23 rooms--and has a wonderfully intimate feel. The rooms are stunning, each one uniquely decorated with bold use of color, sumptuous fabric wallpapers, luxurious bedding, and interesting artwork. The marble bathrooms are compact, but comfortable with large bathtubs, delightful amenities, and thoughtful touches like a clipping of fresh flowers. Our double room was split-level with a small sitting area in the upper level and then a few steps down into a gorgeous and romantic bedroom with a rich red theme. Each room has cable TV, CD player, mini-bar, and safe. By London standards, the room was generous in size, but still quite cozy. The staff were friendly in spite of being ueber-hip, but because of the hotel's small size, don't expect the range of services offered at larger hotels (lugging your luggage, for instance, is your own problem unless someone happens to be around to help you). We didn't dine in the trendy restaurant, Salon, but heard that it was quite good, albeit expensive. Because the hotel is located on a major street, expect some traffic noise, especially during the warmer months when you may have your windows open. We had some minor service glitches (no sheets on the bed when we arrived, problems with our TV), but staff sorted things out quickly and with good cheer. I often visit family in this neighborhood and would stay in this hotel again.	
