Nov 15 2009 	Good for what you pay for	I booked to stay in this hotel for five nights, i found the hotel very easy its only about 3 mins walk from Hammersmith station. i paid £35 a night and thought that was very reasionable for a hotel in the location that it was it. The room was small but was enough room just for me, there was a light coming away from the wall in the bedroom but that didnt bother me. The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The problem i had with the bathroom was that they only seemed to be hot water first thing on a morning and if i wanted a shower on a evening it was cold, that was the only major problem i could find with this hotel. The maid came in every morning and cleaned the room and left fresh towels, the guys on reception were always very frendly when i spoke to them. My room was lovely and warm as the heating was on all the time. I think you get what you pay for, i really didnt mind the room and would stay there again. i was on the 2nd floor in room 220	
Nov 3 2009 	PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE	Worst hotel ever: Firstly we booked through an agent we requested a cot for our 7 1/2 month old daughter, when we arrived they advised they don't have cots but they 'upgraded' a term I use loosly to a family room with a single bed of couse my baby could not sleep in this bed so I had to share the double bed with her and my husband had to sleep in the single. There was a dirty towel on the floor of the bathroom when we arrived we thought that it was left behind by the cleaner but it was there to mop up the leaking toilet yuck. The reception stank of mould, there were no plugs for sink or bath the shower ran I could continue on but judt ask you pay extra and stay somewhere nicer.	
Oct 25 2009 	Not as bad as I feared	After reading the reviews on this site I was very worried about staying in the Premier West. I was relieved to find that although the room I was staying in was cheaply furnished it was at least clean. The room was small but I was hardly expecting a large room at a budget hotel in central London. The shower, TV, central heating and hairdryer all worked properly in contrast with other people's experiences here.The staff at reception were reasonably friendly and the hotel is excellently located for Hammersmith tube station and travelling into the city.This hotel is probably best for short stop-overs as the quality of the rooms is not high enough for a stay of more than a few days. The Premier West is excellent value for money for its handy location and we paid for our room at a special offer price of £40 (I'd don't think I'd pay any more to stay there)	
Aug 10 2009 	urine and blood	Got there and was sent down to a basement room it had lots of space a tiny kitchen and bathroom and shower which we thought was great and it seemed clean, it cost £50 so didn't expect the hilton. The tv was postioned against a wall next to the bed which you couldnt see, there was no channels stored, we then seen there was no pillows on the bed and when asked for two each they said we could only have 1 each. The towel rail was hanging off, the shower had limited hot water, half the plug sockets didn't work, but it wasnt untill the next morning we took the sheet of the bed to find urine stains and blood stains on the mattress it was disgusting, when we complained they shrugged there shoulders and said sorry, thats it?? never go there again felt like i was in a hostel!	
Jun 7 2009 	Absolutely Disgusting!!! Avoid like the Plague!!!	I have just returned from my one nights stay at the PREMIER West Hotel!!!! I am so angry that I feel as though I have to write this review now just to get it off my chest!!!! This hotel is vile - Outside is awful, steps leading to the reception are unsafe, tiles falling off. We were checked in by a unfriendly chap who could not speak a word of English!!!!When we eventually found our room (down in the basement) I was not impressed..... It was damp, cold, bare (plenty of words to describe it none of them good)!!! No light in the basement corridor, so found it difficult to see. As the room was so cold, I noticed a fan heater outside the room in the corrider, so I took this for our room!!! Not a lot of bedding on the bed, just one sheet, no duvet, no blankets....the TV did not work, no picture... Had a kettle but no cups.... Shower rail fell off the wall and cockroaches came out through the holes where it had come off!!! Damp stains on walls... Thunderstorms in the night left 4 inches of water in the basement outside of our window with litter floating round!!! Wooden floor in the bedrooms above meant I was not able to sleep at all through the night as people in that room were constantly walking round!!! Went to reception to tell them (no one to be found)....Didnt have Breakfast as didnt really want to be ill, so walked a couple of minutes up the road and had breakfast at McDonalds!!!!Unfortunately I was meeting my boyfriend who is away working so was unsure where he was booked in to stay so could not check out the reviews as I usually do... If I had seen the reviews, I would never of stayed here!!! I know people reading this may think -it cant be that bad, Please believe what you read here, its all true.... &amp; I cant see it getting better!!!!!	
May 14 2009 	i didn't like the idea of sharing my breakfast with the gents toliets	he room inwhich we stayed was not clean. i didn't like the idea of sharing my breakfast with the gents toliets. talking about the breakfast ,well what breakfast (one slice of toast or cornflake which everybody had a hand in). no disable access to higher floors, so if you were a disabled person tough!!! as for thier website pictures do not believe everything you see.s.brown &amp; family, filey, north yorkshire.	
Apr 24 2009 	Nothing 'Premier' about this place - the worst hotel I have *ever* stayed in.	Like several other reviewers, I walked past this hotel the first time I passed it as I could not believe this was the place. Nothing like shown on website. Found myself looking for an hourly tariff on entry. Quite, quite horrible.Good things (the short list):- Location excellent for where we were working during the week.- The pub over the road (&quot;Dartmouth Castle&quot;) has good beer and outside sitting area.Bad things (quite extensive):- Dirty, run down all round. - Room awful; dirty, smelly, peeling paint, broken furniture, no smoke alarm.- Television that got one channel, thick with dust. Aerial hanging off curtain hook on wall.- Dirty, loose toilet seat, grey towels, mouldy shower, mouldy ceiling.I am convinced this hotel is a hazard to travellers too - no smoke alarm in room, fire-doors propped open with fire-extinguishers etc. I would not even give 1 star for the cleanliness, rooms or value.Have taken photographs for when we review our visit to London next week, and will be asking questions about who booked us into this hole - this really was a risk to my and my colleagues health.	
Apr 23 2009 	Re-live London's Dark Ages at Premier West!	Nostalgia fans will love this authentic 16th Century traveller's hovel, gloriously exemplifying low-life London as it's meant to be lived. Wonder at the marvel of minimalist cleaning techniques, extol the virtues of land-fill-reclaimed furniture and make new friends with the resident insect life. Reject the temptations of pavement living by spending one night living life as it used to be lived and book into Premier West today - you'll be sure you're making the right choice of returning to the park bench for the next night. Believe the mantra &quot;Life's about making the right decisions&quot;.	
Apr 1 2009 	I had to shower as soon as i left the place i felt so dirty!!!	well, we arrived late one evening and wondered around as we could not find this hotel! until we realised we were standing outside of it!it was awful looking and we hadnt even stepped foot inside. inside the nightmare got worse. the receptionist was so rude, we requested to see our rooms before we handed over any money.they were totally disguisting! there was extension leads running across the floor, the bed was awful. holes in the walls, bathroom ok but would not go in bare foot!!! we decided we could not stay here and went back to reception and told themt his was not how the hotel was on the website!! she said we had to pay for the night even if we didnt stay and we wouldnt have to pay for the other 2 nights. 2 of us stayed for one night, one called friends and slept on a couch. our stay was awful we slept fully clothed afraid of what we would catch of the old shabby bed sheets. the manager was unhelpful also. our towels, i found pubic hair. when i called the receptionist to show her this all she could do was TUT at me and snatch the towel off me! the carpet in the corridor was worn away and it was concerete then carpet..so on, the bannisters were broken off.over all this was the most horrific experience... i hope this hotel is closed down by now!!! I cannot believe we had to pay the price for a nightmare stay and worst of all my friend had to pay for a room she did not even stay in. We moved to the comfort in the next morning and it was like the hilton in comparrison!!!	
Jan 22 2009 	About average for budget London Hotel	I bookd through Late Rooms and got an excellent value £17.50 a night, which included breakfast - cereal, toast and juice.Great location - Hammersmith tube just a few minutes walk.There is free wifi in the lobby - don't bother trying to pay for the wifi in the room, because you'll never connect, the signal is terrible most of the time. The tv also had limited reception, sometimes great, sometimes crappy.After reading the reviews, I had reservations about staying but decided that as I've stayed in plenty of crappy English hotels... and the Premier West is an example of that.The lobby is shabby but the receptionists are very friendly.The ground floor corridor fire-door is helped to shut by a piece of folded paper - and this is where the Premier West Hotel comes into its own... My single room (109) looked ok - wooden flooring, private bathroom, the radiator worked and the window opened but despite it being newly-ish refurbished, you can tell in a few months it'll be a crappy room again because everything that should be fixed into position is starting to fall off already (toilet roll holder, toilet flush, bathroom floor tiles).The towels were changed every day.The bed linen was clean but the counterpane was splotched with what I hope were tea stains - this is because the bedside table is at the end of the bed with a small tv and kettle perched on top of it - no easy way to make tea without spilling it! They only refreshed the tea/coffee every other day but the kettle did work!For me, comfy enough for £17.50 a night. I'd feel quite ticked off if I'd paid more though because there are too many little irritations to make your stay comfortable enough, unless it's just for one night.	
Nov 18 2008 	Bed Bugs in Premier West!!	Stay away!! BedBugs all over the place. Bed bugs are potential Hepatis B + C transmitter. Terrible Place. If there is any way of closing this House, just do it, please	
Nov 18 2008 	Stay away!	Absolutely terrible experience. The worst place I've ever seen. Mould on a carpet, no doors on any of the closets, sheets looked like they never been washed and had holes in them. There are no words to discribe toilet.We came to the hotel, saw how it was and left straight to another hotel. Seen many hotels around the world but nothing like this. Don't go there!	
Nov 13 2008 	The worst Hotel ever- Be Warned	I was so disgusted with this hotel that I immediately checked any sites where you can give reviews to warn any other potential customers.This is absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I suggest any hotel room booking agencies check this place about before placing potential customers.I inspect and rate Hotels in my professional job and was booked in another hotel which fell through last minute. As I was working in Hammersmith this hotel was the only one available for the date I requested. I really don't know where to start on this place.Soiled towels, bathroom ceiling peeling, shower dripping all night, bucket under toilet to catch water dripping from pipe, hole in the roof stuffed with paper, soiled carpets, TV which would fail any PAT test for being dangerous, no picture and aerial lying on floor, holes in bed sheets, blanket that you wouldn’t give your dog to sleep on, filthy stained carpets, dust on every surface, till receipt under bed from 8 months previous which shows it has never been vacuumed, wardrobe door hanging off, and to top it all a phone which didn't work when I was expecting a emergency call to see how my mother was in hospital. apparently the receptionist tried to call room 3 times ? Worse still was the fact I booked this through hotelclub where I get a discount of £40 and I still paid £75 for this absolute dump.I will make it my business to do everything in my power to have this place shut down whether it be through Hammersmith council, Health and safety office or environmental health.Be Warned, this place should be condemned.	
Nov 10 2008 	3 star? Did they forget a minus in front of the number?	Do you like dirty, worn bedlinen with holes in them? Are you a fan of broken, unvarnished furniture that a charity shop would not accept? Do you like your tv unconnected on the floor and with the poorest signal imaginable? Or maybe you would like to sit on a toilet that has every previous tenant's rear shaped on it. If you do then this is the hotel for you!! Experience the thrill of life threatening hygiene standards throughout the hotel, the rush of adrenaline as you want to burn the whole establishment to the ground so noone can book and suffer in it anymore and most importantly, experience the loss of the £56 that could have gone towards a decent night's stay. So call now and enjoy the stay of your life. If you book in the next 20 minutes we will add bed bugs for FREE!	
Oct 15 2008 	Worst place ever	This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, smelled extremely bad of dust and dirt in the hallways, which had spread to the rooms, so we had to sleep with open windows the first night, resulting in trouble sleeping from the chill from outside and the traffic and sirens.The room was extremely small with not a single thing working, the shower was broken, everything was run down and broken. The wardrobe fell over if you opened the doors. Poor cleaning of the room, and because of the bugs we had to check our bed so we wouldn't sleep with thermites.The water damaged bathroom had an appauling smell and the bed was not nice to sleep in. Also, the room couldn't have been smaller.The dining room was hideous with a minimal breakfast served by rude personel who barely spoke english.Nothing was good with this hotel, it is SO good to go away from it. I would recommend anyone to stay away from the Premier West, the price is way too high for that dump. The feeling afterwards is as though we were being ripped off.Do not book this hotel!!	
Sep 22 2008	Good Value will use again	Stayed here for a weekend. The room was small as the on-suite shower-room/WC had been built into one side of it, but both were clean. The room was on the front of hotel and there was quite a lot of traffic noise, quieter at the weekend, but tempo picked up on Monday morning. Well located, close to tube, buses and shops. Reception area and breakfast room area were OK, hallways and stairs were shabby. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. Felt it was good value for money, considering some of the dumps I've stayed in in the same price class in London .	
Sep 7 2008 	THE PITS	myself and my little boy booked for one night at this hotel.. on arriving i could see the hotel was in disrepair. however when we reached the room i was in shock..i pulled back the beddin to find a very old bobbly blanket. the sheet on the mattress had holes in it showing the disgusting mattress. i decided there and then we wouldn be sleeping in the bed. i tried to calm down and make a cuppa. on opening the lid of the kettle i saw the furriest limescale i have ever seen. therefore i was not using it ,so no drink facilities.. due to my itching i decided to shower but on taking the towels off the rail i found all four of them filthy. they had mascara like marks on them and various other unidentifiable stains. i took these to the reception to request clean towels but the man could not see my problem he therefore gave me 2 floor mats to use as towels. after lying awake all night fully clothed on top of the bed we could not wait for morning to have breakfast and leave. the 'continental' breakfast consisted of a packet of ceral and toast. the cutlery was filthy, the cups chipped. i swooped my little boy up and we left at 7.30am. our coach home was not till 4pm and we wandered around London for several hours..Unfortunately i had nowhere else to go and no money to book somewhere else to stay. my alternative would have been to sleep rough.. had i not had my son with me i would seriously considered that..the reason i booked this hotel was that i believed it to be part of the premier hotel group..	
Sep 4 2008 	I thought it wasn't bad ... !	Altough Prince Charles may not stay in this hotel in the near future, it isn't half as bad as described on this page. I guess it is a matter of what you expect. Rooms are small and a bit used, but the bed and the bathroom were really clean and I had no trouble sleeping.I did look for Manuel, the Spanish waiter, though. But I guess it was his day off.	
Aug 28 2008 	Never again! Cockroaches mould and broken things.	Comfort: Double room was very small. The only way to open the suitcase was to put it on the bed. Doorknob, antenna, light bulbs and hairdryer were broken and/or missing. TV did not work, too. Toilet lid did not stay up. Breakfast was acceptable.Services: The guy from the reception did not even know were our room was located inside the hotel. At least the manager knew the room and we got a new &quot;good&quot; room. The new room was exactly like the previous one but without bugs. Cleanliness: There was mould on the walls and the ceiling. Several bugs (cockroaches) were on the floor and the bed!Location:Location is quite ok since the Hammersmith Underground station is only a 3 minute walk away from the hotel.Value for money:It is cheap but nothing else. I did not expect a high quality due to the cheap price, but cockroaches on the bed are unacceptable.	
Aug 27 2008 	Don't let the bed bugs bite at the Premier West!!!!!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel at the start of August. On arrival at the hotel I was disappointed to find it was very run down and dilapitated. I could not understand how it claimed a three star rating maybe its closeness to the station. We always stay in three star hotels as we use the hotel as a base an do a lot of touring etc when we go away but we have never had an experience like this before. There was a strange smell in the foyer . There was wallpaper falling off the walls in the stairwell and the banister was secured by sticky tape in parts. Our room was supposed to be double but it was twin so we pushed the beds together to find one mattress higher than the other the lower one seemed very old and worn.Our room had everything they said it would have when we booked, however they forgot to add bed bugs to the list!!! I noticed strange marks on the bed linen but did not know what they were. I noticed something crawling across my chest on the last night around 3.30 am and i hopped out of bed, turned the light on and found these bugs crawling all over me. I immediately showered and washed my hair in freezing water. I could not go back to sleep and complained at breakfast time to reception. ( the continental is just two cereal, tea, juice and toast) The man at reception did seem sympathetic and said he would complain to housekeeping.On our return home we found we both had a rash all over us, my husbands was much worse than mine. We went to the doctor and he confirmed with the help of the photos i took of them that they were indeed BED BUGS!!!! we had been bitten and our rash was an allergic reaction which we had for a week. We ended up spending a fortune on creams and tablets, sprays and disinfectants. The premier west hotel was not reasonable to us because of the further expense it caused our health. I have made a complaint to the local council and they are investigating. If you value your health DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.	
Jul 24 2008 	Reminded me of faulty towers only worse	Staff where nice, but the hotel its self was awful needs a great deal of repairs. Our room had drawers missing, holes in the walls and bad carpet, I refused to stay and was still made to pay for the first night so be warned!!!!	
Jul 23 2008 	Never again!	I could tolerate the ragged appearance as we approached this 'hotel' (weeds everywhere, unmaintained paintwork, filthy windows, broken canopy on the floor etc) but had to draw the line at what came inside.Although the staff were polite, this place felt more like a seedy motel. I appreciate it is cheap for the excellent location but cannot see how the stench walking down to the basement rooms can be forgiven. The walls at the bay window here were covered with huge black patches of damp and thin curtains loosely held to the rail in 2 places! A stack of rubbish immediatley outside the window has to be attractive to rats and an obvious health hazzard.This place had a general era of a distinct lack of care and hygiene. Needless to say I did not feel comfortable enough to eat or drink in this place and would never return, irrespective of the price! What a horrible experience!	
May 20 2008 	The worst hotel I ever stayed	The room was terribly small and there was a reading lamp fixed over the bed which burnt my hand while coming out from the toilet, and left a mark forever not to forget this hotel!!:)There was no lift so I had to go to the upper floor pulling all my bags on the stairs!!It seemed that the owner of the hotel didn’t want to show their hotel name clearly on the name board outside so they had given ‘PW’ or something instead of the full name, which kept us searching for the hotel for sometime!The breakfast was okay and the free internet in the lobby was also a good thing!	
May 18 2008 	Dodgy hotel at the best	Read Carefully- My brother &amp; I booked to stay at this d i v e (our view) in May last year. We booked off the Internet. After a long flight from Australia this was to be our first night in London. Well, let me tell you some facts-no service after 11pm- no customer service-as I have a walking disability it is difficult for me to carry my own travel cases, so my brother asked the reception staff for assistance-this plea was flatly refused -we were booked in for three nights-room was tiny, linen off white not clean,broken tiles in the bathroom, no hot water for a lenghty period, toilet lid broken.What a disgrace, no one cared-breakfast consisted of a bread roll,cup of coffee &amp; help yourself Corn Flakes in small packet-request for additional coffee was frowned upon-never, ever ever again. Aussies please check elsewhere in the area,never be swayed under any circumstances.We were suppose to spend the last 3 days in the UK in this joint, but my brother said he refused to cancel the already paid for accomodation,just so they (Premier West) could not double book our room-we ended up going elsewhere but if you want a highlight to start your UK or Europe tour give this joint a wide birth.	
May 15 2008 	Welcome to Faulty Towers Hotel	This is a hotel, or so they say...We arrived at a building in dire need of painting and refurbishing. The price is cheap, especially for the neighborhood, but don't get any idea's. The rooms are small, the beds are acceptable in some rooms but my colleague had broken beds (room 221). One bed had a mattress with a 20 cm depression in the middle. The other fell apart completely. Hot water takes a while (you can read a book). The TV works but the reception is only acceptable on one channel (BBC1).The rooms have a hairdryer and a water heater, a tv, 2 beds, a desk, a trouser press, a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet.After complaining about the beds, my colleague changed to room 107 which is a bit bigger, a bit better and has a small kitchen.My own room (219) was acceptable for the price.In short: if you are looking for a hotel that looks like a hotel and are prepared to pay a bit more: look elsewhere. If you want to save some cash, you could consider this hotel. Just don't say we didn't warn you...	
Mar 5 2008 	Will book it again	After reading reviews on the site I was scared of booking this hotel. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel exterior does need a paint, but the room and the lobby seems to be all right. The room was decent, there was breakfast in the morning, reception was friendly and there was wireless internet in the lobby. They helped us with directions and other local information. I have stayed in a lot of 50£ a night hotels and this one qualifies for the better ones. Its not a Dorchester but 50£ only gets you as much or worse in Central London.	
Feb 14 2008 	oh good god!	THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I've stayed at many budget hotels. The hotel is really run down, and although the reception staff seemed friendly enough, they had no local knowledge which resulted in them sending us on a wild goose chase when we phoned for directions during rush hour traffic! We booked a double room but settled for a twin as there was no doubles available. The room was a decent size but had a very musty smell and there was an extra broken bed in the corner of the room. The bathroom had paint peeling off the ceiling and holes stuffed with tissue paper. The toilet only flushed every few hours and the taps spluttered water all over you. The best was yet to come - we went out for the night and returned in the early hours. We then discovered there were no duvets on the beds (even though it was winter), just white sheets (which were clean) and a manky blanket on one bed but not the other. My bed creaked really loudly at every turn but was comfy enough. My husband's bed however COLLAPSED as soon as he got into it!!! It was late at night and so rather than report it and have to pack up our things, my husband opted to sleep on the mattress on the floor.We complained in the morning but didn't even get an apology. We tried to get some of our money back but they weren't having any of it. It didn't bode well that when we first apologised to reception, he just took out a piece of paper with &quot;Problems&quot; written at the top and just added it to the list.On a positive note, the hotel is in a very convenient location and it is cheap, but it's cheap for a reason!	
Feb 2 2008 	Frightening and grotty	They say don't make the same mistake twice. Our first visit here was back in 2000 for a night. the bedding was covered in glitter and the whole place was cold and shabby. One night this month we needed desperately to sleep after a show. It was a bargain option pricewise but we just wanted to sleep. Again the bedding was stained, the radiators freezing, and the whole place was like a dodgy hostel. The hotel has a scary atmosphoere which feels unsafe and decayed. We hope that this review will stop others considering this budget option. Even if they paid their guests, the experience is unpleasant and unsavoury	
Nov 26 2007 	Very Terrible Hotel - Stay Away!!	Where do I start? First night: I was given a room without drapes/curtain and the room faced the busy main road. There was neither heating nor a duvet in the room on a freezing night and no locks on the door. The water from the broken down radiator leaked all over the pot-holed wooden floor making it a slip hazard. Not much point boring you about the state of the TV. When I politely requested a change of room or a plug-in heater from the man in charge at the reception that night, I was rudely told as follows: &quot;all rooms were occupied; there were no plug-in heaters; my room radiator would be fixed and curtains provided the next day&quot;. His story was contradicted by their reception officer the following morning who was very certain that the hotel had spare plug-in heaters and promised to provide one and curtains in the room. Second night: I returned to discover absolutely nothing was done. The new officer on duty led me to believe that he cared when he actually inspected the room, acknowledged the room was not habitable and promised to bring me extra blankets and a heater in 15 minutes if he could not move me into another room within that time. When I went back to the reception after 30 minutes, I was told he had left for the day and did not mention the matter to anyone! His replacement reluctantly grabbed some room-type keys, disappeared for some minutes and returned with rumpled smelly blankets which he said he got from &quot;vacant rooms&quot;. When I asked why he would not just move me into the vacant room, he changed tunes and said he took the blankets from the hotel laundry! I was made to sleep without heating or privacy second night running. Final night: Upon my return, an old plug-in heater eventually turned up. Curtains, drapes, door locks, radiator etc never got fixed. Not sure what was on the bed or when last the beddings were changed because I itched and scratched throughout the stay. Breakfast room was next to the Gents and when I picked up the table serviette, I found it had lipstick stains on it. I've stayed in several hotels in London over the past few years but Premier West definitely ranks as the worst. I have rated it as 1 out of 5 because that is the lowest rating available.	
Oct 31 2007 	I've seen worse!	Ok. Make no mistake its a budget hotel. I got room 219 (twin room) for 2 nights for £114. So it really is spectacularly cheap for central london. Location fine. 3 minutes walk from hammersmith tube. On approach the hotel looked really dingy and desperately in need of a painting. On entering, there was a strange ethnic food type smell. Receptionist polite and helpful. On going up the stairs it was obvious that the hotel needed redectoration. Especially the wallpaper on the stairs. However, the room was a very pleasant surprise. The room was clean, beds clean, en-suite bathroom nicely tiled and clean, TV worked etc. It was just fine as a base for my visit to Wembley. I wouldn't book this hotel if I was with my wife, but as a 'blokey' cheap bed. It was perfectly acceptable.	
Sep 22 2007 	Run for your life!	I did the mistake to book this hotel for two nights, and after having a close look at three rooms I was offered, I decided there was no way I was going to stay there.I could accept that furniture was broken and lamps hanging from the wires were they had been broken off from the fittings, but some other things were unacceptable. First room they gave me had a pile of loose tiles in the bathroom, making a big hole in the floor, carpet was really dingy and the room reeked of strong chemicals and mould. The second room I tried looked a little better, but I soon found out that the toilet didn't flush, and discovered the rat poison behind the bedstand. Hardly reassuring. What tipped the scales was when I saw the bugs crawling on the walls and floor, and I crushed a couple of them on the bed leaving big red spots.To be fair they refunded my money without discussion when I moved out after just a few hours. I am sure it was my last stay at a London budget hotel. I have been lucky in the past, but now I think it isn't worth the risk.	
Jul 8 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again if you paid me!!!	The hotel was overbooked and we were shipped off to a slum that had the nerve to call itself a hotel in the middle of nowhere. No apology and we were forced to come back to PW on the second night which is only slightly nicer than the slum. DO NOT stay here, its not worth the money even at their cheap prices. You get what you pay for! Ive stayed in nicer hostels!	
Dec 17 2006 	Terrible service	According to homepage there was suppose to be hairdryers in the rooms, full english breakfast and tv in the room. There was no hairdryer, when asked for it we got a not so very nice answer from the female receptionist. Finally we were promised a hairdryer if we really needed one... The breakfast was definatly not full english... we had to settle for toast and cereals. The tv had so bad reception that you couldn't watch it at all. You could hear everything the neighbours did and did not do. The receptionists where unpolite, gave no information unless it was asked for and hardly said good bye to us.	
Sep 5 2006 	Not three star but definately not a hostel!!	It wasn't a 3 star hotel to be sure, but unless we got the only good room, it wasn't nearly as bad as written here!room was clean and the breakfast was definately satisfactory. the staff were really nice and friendly, and the location was ok too.	
Jun 21 2006	not 3* hotel but Hosel	we booked double bed, room was very small, dark, stains on carpet, the bed was just awful, in bathroom I was worried about personal hygiene, all of public toilets in London are exclusive in compare of the loo there. You'll get B&amp;B, but nobody will tell you that breakfast is 1.5slices of toast, margarine and jams, tea or coffee and milk with cornflakes, but only one choice from this all. Yes, is it a cheap hotel, but they should tell you what kind of breakfast you'll get and for us it was not hotel but hostel, very poor quality to be 3* hotel. So I am sure, you can get much more nicer accomodation in London for this price.	
Jun 14 2006	Not the best	The Hotel is shabby and in need of big Refurb, If you like your cold water warm and like being woken up at 3 in the morning with the ceiling dripping on you then this an ideal place for you.	
Dec 23 2003	don't believe at the pics they show you	The only nice thing of this hotel is the dining room, the rest is horrible, believe me. I stayed there for 2 nights in dec, 2003 and our room (double) was very tiny. The sheets were almost of paper, the floor was dirty, and the blanked had dozens of spots too. this is NOT a 3 stat hotel! and the whole hotel looks in decay.	
Dec 19 2003	Do not use this hotel	I booked myself and my husband into this hotel as it was in the west end and close to all amenities, on arrival to the hotel it looked extremely shabby, that was nothing compared to our room that smelt like we was sleeping in a Public Bar it was so smokey even though we requested a non-smoking room, after being in the room for 14 hours the toilet stopped flushing and we was told that due to it being Sat am that they could not get anyone to fix it till Mon - no toilet, we asked to get moved to another room but to no avail, eventually after saying that we would then check out and would like our money back (which we should have done) we got moved to a room that had holes punched in the walls - but horay we had a toilet that worked. Overall i would never stay at this hotel again and they had the cheek to call it a 3 star hotel, someone should really look into this grading.	
Dec 30 2002	Excellent stay! Good location great room!	I wound up at the Premier West Hotel in Dec. 2002 after being bumped from confirmed reservations at the Albany Hotel. (I won't try _them_ again!)I couldn't have been more lucky. The room I was placed in (206H) was huge (by European standards), well lit, CLEAN, and the bathroom was fantastic - toilet and bidet, tile floor, large sink and counter space, large tub with shower head - there were even real bath towels (not oversized hand towels as in some hotels) - and they had hand towels, too.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and my one week stay couldn't have been nicer. I didn't try the breakfasts (I don't eat breakfast), so I can't comment on the food, but the dining room is attractive, on the entry level, and well lit with many windows (not a converted closet in the basement like some places.) The hotel is a couple of minutes easy walk (I don't like walking, and I was happy with the distance)from the Hammersmith Underground station. Shopping and eateries are in abundant supply - a two minute walk takes you to King Street, with a Marks and Spencers, a shopping centre/mall, abundant fast food (Mc Donalds, KFC, etc.), Boots, and others with all the necessities of life on offer.Oh - the stairwell and hallways at the hotel do look a little run down, but don't let that fool you - the rooms (or, at least, the one room I experienced) are a great contrast. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Epouvantableeeeeee!!!!!		
Nov 4 2009 	A éviter horrible		
Sep 28 2009 	à éviter à tout prix		
Aug 23 2009 	Non saprei....		
Aug 21 2009	Pas si mauvais que ça		
Aug 14 2009 	Ha i suoi pro e i suoi contro		
Aug 3 2009	Qualità pessima		
Oct 15 2008 	Schrecklich - Nie wieder!		
Sep 22 2008 	an der Schmerzgrenze		
Jul 30 2008 	A déconseiller absolument		
Jun 30 2008 	Perchè ve lo scoonsiglio?		
May 12 2008 	Hotel decevant à éviter		
May 12 2008 	désagreable à éviter		
Nov 12 2007 	un peu glauque		
Sep 3 2007 	non consiglio l'hotel premier west di hammersmith		
