Nov 9 2009 	Pleasently Surprising - We enjoyed our stay.	From reading the varied reviews for this place we were a bit weary about booking here, especially because we were travelling with our children, but I must say this place was nothing like the negative reviews suggested.The last reviewer said that there room smelt of cigar's, now that worried us so we were not going to stay here but in the end I'm glad that we did. The place actually smelt very refreshing a lemony scent everywhere, upon arrival at the reception there were nice fresh flowers everywhere plus the breakfast room had flowers on every table too.The Hotel is a non-smoking hotel, so I don't know how the last reviewer's room could have smelt of cigars, there were smoke detectors in our room and all over the hotel premises. They must have taken the last review to heart and sorted themselves out lol.The location of the hotel was excellent, less than a minutes walk to the tube and then about 15 minutes in the tube to Leicester Square. We walked to harrods one day via High street kensington, which was lovely and took us around 30 minutes, we did have our kids with us so am sure if there were just us, we could have been to high st. ken much faster.The staff and management were great and full of suggestions on where we should go and what we should do, they were also able to get us some fast track tickets for Madamme Tussad's and the London eye, which were even cheaper than buying full price tickets at the door not to mention the loooooong que's we would have had to stand in, thanks for that guys.Our room was very clean and big, from looking at the hotel from outside I thought our room would have been much smaller and from the negative reviews we were not expecting what we got, check the photo's I uploaded. We were told that we had the largest faily room in the hotel which is designed to accomodate 5 Guests, it had two comfortable double beds and a sofa-bed, which was more than adequate for our family. TV was small and only had basic channels, 1 to 5 but that did not bother us, the room also had a trouser press, tea and coffee making facilities with free top up's which was nice plus the bathroom had very modern fixtures and fittings, it had a bathtub which was quite surprising and a shower too and a hair dryer for the missus. Our room also had a balcony which we could use but it was rather cold outside, so we did not make any use of it, if it was sunny I'm sure my wife would have done some sun-worshipping and burnt herself to a crisp, I dunno how she manages to burn herself in this country, we hardly have a summer here but when we do, there's no getting her away from that sunbed in the garden.Breakfast was healthy and good, various sweet pastries which the kids loved plus loadsa fresh fruit and variety of cornflakes which kept the missus happy, the chambermaids and kitchen staff were very helpfull and kind, the kids had fun with them too.The overall price we paid was quite reasonable for our location, amenities and service, sure beats staying in a expensive 5 star hotel in the west end, this place was much better and the personal service and attention to little details make's staying at these kind of places that little bit extra special because you feel like they know you and try and give you that little bit more.Me and my family had a great time in London and at this Hotel and I would reccommend it to anyone from youngsters to the aged.I must say that we did have a look at some of the other rooms when the chambermaids were cleaning them and some were quite small but enough room for a couple.	
Oct 2 2009 	I will never book this hotel again!	I booked this hotel for 2 businessmen travelling from Zurich, they wanted cheap and cheerful and near to the District line both for our office in the city and to Fulham Football club so seemed perfect when I booked. They arrived late and the room they were given was filthy and stank of cigars, when they complained to the guy at the desk he didn't believe them and they had to ask him to go and smell the room himself. He did and agreed and moved them to another room - which ended up being just as bad, it was in the basement with no windows and only had 1 towel for the 2 of them! the beds, bathroom and generally the whole room was filthy and just as shocking the staff didn't seem to care. I feel embarrassed to have booked them into this hotel and I will never ever use this hotel again.	
Sep 16 2009 	Very accomodating	We ended up at this hotel by mistake due to an issue at the original hotel we had booked but it was great, we actually wanted to stay here for the rest of our stay but they were unforyunatley fully booked for the rest of our duration :-(The staff were great, they offered us plenty of advise on places to go and things to see plus organised various tickets for us at concessionary rates which were a bargain compared to the prices we would have had to pay on the door, plus they were fast track tickets too so no waiting around in que's which was fab too!!Breakfast was good, variety of fruit and pastry's, i have a sweet tooth so I would go for the sweet stuff first ;-)Compared to the other hotel e had to go back to which was apprently a brand new hotel, this hotel was way better, there rooms are quite small but compared to where we had to stay for the rest of our time away, the rooms were more than accomodating and comfortable, beds were well cosy.If you have to choose between the Trebovir and the this hotel, my advise would be to pick this one, it may look a bit cheaper online but the only differnce is that this hotel's rooms are substaianlly bigger but have no a/c and some do not have flat screen tv's either, which aint not biggy really.These guys pride themselves on cleanliness it seems like too, as the hotel has a very nice lemony aroma to it and the cleaning staff are well friendly, where as the the Trebovir smells of dampness.I would certainly reccomned this hotel to anyone that's on a budget and wants to visit London, as its cheaper than most uptown hotels but has the same standards as most of the upmarket hotel's if not more.I must add that from reviewing there rack rate's, they were cheaper than the Trebovir too, it's a shame i missed them while searching for a hotel :-(The hotel next door looked good from the outside too, I beleive it was called the mayflower, but looks can be deceiving and from readin there reviews, it seems a bit hit miss or maybe.	
Aug 2 2009 	whatever you do dont book to stay here - its dirty	I arrived at the hotel at 8pm. Before i was giving my room key i had to pay for my entire stay in advance. After i paid i went to my room only to find that it was filthy. The sheets were covered with black hairs, there was coffee cup stains on the worktops and table top, the curtains were so dirty they could no longer be called white and it was clear that the sink hadnt been cleaned since the previous occupant. I can only imagine what else hadnt been cleaned. When i showed the receptionist my room he actually laughed at how dirty it was. Inaddition to this i could here every train that went through earls court train station and also all train arrival and departure announcements.They wouldnt refund me my money for that night the next night and despite me telling that 48 hours in advance that a colleague woouldnt be checking in they wouldnt cancel the additional room without charge. I was also told that they didnt care that i was complaining, that the hotel wasnt dirty it was just my room!!!!! and that whether i liked it or not they would be using my credit card details to charge the other room onto it if my colleague didnt turn up. Without doubt the worst place i have ever stayed. I thought hotels like this were just exagerated myths but i can assure you it is worth than you are thinking.	
Dec 23 2008 	OK stay	I stayed there for 6 nights on mid December. Location: 2 min. walk from the Earl's court station, lots of place to eat, several supermarkets (some open till late time), very lovely and lively neighborhood. Staff: were welcoming, I was shown to my room quickly. The room (202): was so tiny but I didn't mind since I was not staying long in the room. The room window does not close tightly and there was a bit of air draft. The bed was clean. The bathroom is so small and there was no soap but I was supplied with soap once I asked. The main problem was the noise coming from the tube station which was right in front of the window. A very small TV was in the room and put so high on top of the closet and with only 3 channels. Breakfast: below average with few bakery, jam and corn flakes. I booked the hotel from laterooms and paid 49 GBP a night.	
Dec 1 2008	hendoo fun - great hospitality 	The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful, polite and friendly - this seemed to reflect the atmosphere there also. I stayed with about 25 people for a hen weekend and everything went well - the rooms were clean and pleasant to stay in. Great value for money. Hotel is situated on a lovely quiet street, yet still a stone's throw to main road where you can shop or catch a coffee - transport links all around - great part of london.	
Dec 1 2008	Luxury Rooms?	My family booked for 2 nights at the Lord Kensington Hotel in London off Earl's Court, and had the worst hotel experience I've ever had! The room was very tiny - when we brought in our 2 suitcases, there was no room for us to walk, and we had to climb over the beds to get to the bathroom. There was trash in the bathroom (an old toothpaste tube, other refuse), no towels at all in the bathroom, a television that didn't work, no clock of any sort in the room (not even an alarm clock). The toilet was broken and wouldn't flush, in addition to the other problems. The management did come fix the toilet and bring us towels, but they kept insisting the television must work, and were not interested in making us happy. They were definitely NOT customer service oriented, and I would try to persuade any one to stay somewhere else!!	
Nov 25 2008 	Loving the Lord Kensington	I Have recently had a fantastic stay at the lord Kensington Hotel, the hotel, located in a beautiful tree lined street, is the perfect base from which to explore London as it is in such a great location with lots of near by shops, restaurants bars and culture and so close to public transport. the rooms were really clean and the bed was so comfy! Also, the staff are really friendly and super helpful, always greeting you with a smile. The hotel is fantastic value for money and you even get a yummy continental breakfast included! I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend!	
Oct 15 2008 	Very Efficient staff	I recently stayed at this hotel with my family. The staff at this hotel especially the front desk staff and the housekeeping staff deserve a special mention. They are friendly, energetic and super efficient. They organised our sight seeing tours, transportation, theatre shows and also reccomended some delicious restaurants and area's which we visited as a family and had a great time.The Manager organised for Me and my Brother to accompany him on a night out on the town and he sure know's how to show us out of towner's a good time!!! Thanks for that boss. There is a casino near by which we went to and then moved onto Leicester square which was only about a 10 minute ride on the tube, as the Manager had to get back to the hotel early, he showed us a few nice places and also organised for a taxi to pick us up after, as the tube does not run after midnight. The hotel decor is pretty although the size of the room was a little dissapointing. Breakfast was plain and simple, all the essentials to get you started for the day including fresh fruit, was quite surprised when I saw kiwi's in the buffet area, haven't eaten one of them in ages but had quite a few while staying here, pleasent change to my usualy daily fry ups ;-)Overall it is a very comfortable hotel and the friendly and smiling staff make it worth the stay.	
Sep 7 2008 	Have you got a cat !!!	Stayed here for 1 night in a double room in August. Was very very disappointed by the size, it was tiny!! the double bed was pushed up against the wall so could only get in from one side with a radiator as a headboard, you couldn't even get out at the end of the bed because it was blocked by a very old shabby dressing table and chair , which then blocked the wardrobe door so you had to move the chair to get to the wardrobe . There wasn't even enough room to put a small suitcase at the side of the bed, the hairdryer didn't work, there were coffee cup stains on the dresser, and the glasses were filthy,On the way to breakfast downstairs the floor was covered in dirty bedlinen, not very nice to see , breakfast was ok, but not very welcoming and had to ask for things like milk, the stair carpets were worn. Really think this hotel could do with updating and defo not worth the money paid. On the plus side , reception were helpful giving us directions to Twickenham and is only minutes away from Earls Court tube station	
Aug 31 2008 	Nice and Super Clean	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it was so nice and clean the staff was very helpful always smiling.Breakfast was very good and will recommend to our freinds.	
Apr 28 2008 	The bare minimum you can get - not worth the money	I stayed here for 2 nights with my parents who had come from Italy to visit. Got a triple room, which turned out to be in the attic (!) and so crammed you could barely walk around. Everything was shabby and not looked after. Very very basic - I was expecting it to be nice and cosy. The trains getting in and out of Earl's Court station kept us awake all night - honestly, we might as well have slept in the station and the noise would have been the same. Asked for a room on the other side but they were obviously fully booked. No bedside tables, no wardrobe, remote didn't work, one of the beds was in a weird position and you couldn't even prop yourself up and read as you had no wall behind! The other big issue was breakfast: got down fairly early both mornings (8ish, they start at 7.30) and there was barely anything to eat, cold toast, cold coffee, stale bread. Honestly, that was it. Sometimes less is more: just a basket of fresh bread and orange juice would have been much better. People who asked for more would be given ONE banana or TWO slices of toast at their table, but the buffet table remained empty. All the clients looked around in despair. The kitchen staff wore their own clothes (no apron, no hairnet), which I found very odd, and they barely spoke English (cup of tea had to be spelt 3 times). On the bright side, the bedroom was clean and the reception staff was very friendly, but this doesn't make up for the state of the place. Wouldn't go there again, especially for £125 a night.	
Feb 25 2008 	Nice and clean	My husband and I spent one night there this last weekend. Having read many horrible reviews here about tiny rooms, worn bathrooms and bed-bugs, we were prepared for anything. But the hotel was a pleasant surprise: yes the room was small, but it was very clean, as was the bathroom. Took the shower, plenty of hot water, and no water on the floor after you've showered! Our room (601) was on the ground floor right across from the entry, so it was a bit noisy - in the evening we could hear people talking in the lobby, and they were talking loudly! However, we were so tired we just dropped dead and couldn't care less about whatever noise anyone was making. In the morning it was very quiet, though. Breakfast was tea/coffee, croissants, butter, cheese and jam. Not that much, but it was alright. They don't really have a luggage room, but you can leave your luggage in the breakfast room free of charge and pick it up whenever you like. We were a bit nervous about leaving our stuff there, but it seemed like all the guests just dumped there bags in the room, and so did we - nothing was stolen. Overall the hotel left a very good impression. Great location, very close to the underground, buses going to Central London nearby. Would stay there again.	
Jan 25 2008 	great all rounder	from the time we booked the hotel we recived excellent service.not really big rooms but fresh and clean.very good customer service.would stay again for sure.price was great.	
Oct 13 2007 	Clean calm friendly	Just stayed at Lord Kensington two nights and was really impressed. It's on a street with lots of other hotels cheap and otherwise. My room was a little over 100 pounds for two nights and though small, the bed was big, the place was very clean and the staff was attentive and accommodating. The guy at the front desk welcomed me by name as I came in. The place has a very calm vibe, good for travelers who aren't out to party but just want a good nights sleep. Ask for a room on the Trebovir road side for a big window to let fresh air in. My only complaint is the remote control for the TV didn't work but no worries.	
Aug 25 2007 	Clean Hotel small rooms	My parents and me stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. The room was located on the back side (the side where you can here the tube even if you close the windows). I think the room was meant for 2 persons than for 3. It was very small for a 3-person room. The rooms where very clean, no remarks there!The first morning we went to eat our breakfast around half past 8. We had the last croissants, there was no bread left, .... and there were still people coming into the breakfast area! The area is also very tiny and accommodates just 20 people! (to small if you ask me)The next morning we went to breakfast a bit before 8. There was enough of everything then. A tip: Buy some earplugs if you want a good night sleep (there is a drug store in the same street at the entrance of the tube near the hotel).	
Aug 3 2007 	Feel I was cheated	Us 5 girlfriends booked a 5 bedded suite off of the Lord Kensington website but when we arrived the owner told us that we could not stay in that room that it was ment for families. Then he told us that we could put a cot in one of the supposed 4 bedded rooms (so tiny) or we could get two rooms and that he would work us a deal. My thought is we booked that 5 bedded suite so what does it matter that we were not a family! I really feel that he was taking us for a ride so he could get more money out of us. He keep saying &quot;I'm a nice guy, we are a nice hotel here,&quot; I wasn't buying it. So we ended up with two rooms and paying extra for it, just like he planned I'm thinking. Oh, and two of us had to move to a different room on the second night stay there because he needed that room for someone else! He did make us a &quot;deal&quot; on the second room but I feel if your not going to provide what you advertised you should have to comp it! I think that there are some shady business practices going on here and I wouldn't trust the owner as far as I could throw him. On the bright side the rooms were clean (but small and terrible toilets that don't like to flush), nice breakfast ,and as advertised close to the train station, resturants, mini marts, and post office. You couldn't pay any of us girls to stay there again but I'm thinking that if you are a man you will be treated more farely there.	
Jul 7 2007 	Lord Kensington Hotel - Not So Good	We stayed at the Lord Kensington Hotel for 5 nights July 2007. We requested a family room for my wife, myself and our two teenage kids. The room we received contained two double beds and was very, very small (even by European standards). It was way too small for a family of four. There was no place to put our luggage plus there was barely room on the floor for one of the kids to sleep. The beds were not comfortable. The site listed internet, but there was a substantial daily charge. The staff was not very helpful in general (with some exceptions). The room was not clean. I found broken glass and some food on the floor in the room. There was an unexpected 3.5% charge for paying with credit card. There was a large fee for local phone calls. We never received clean glasses, cups without taking them down to the lobby for cleaning. However the location was excellent. We liked the location in Earl's Court and very close to the tube station. The breakfast was OK with hard boiled eggs, cheese, bread, cereal and some fruit. The room did not have air conditioning, but luckily it was cool and rainy during our stay. The biggest problem was the room was way too small for a family of four plus the beds were extremely uncomfortable.	
Jul 2 2007 	Do not expect much and your fine	My Wife, her mother &amp; I stayed here this past February in what was called a double room. It was a very small room.The bathroom was quite small as well. We had a view of the tube station and the noise that came with it. It was chilly outside and the cold breeze came right through the windows. The breakfast was very limited. The people working there were friendly enough, and allowed us to leave our luggage for a few hours. The area is ok, about 7 tube stops from the city. I think we could have done a little better in the same price rannge.	
May 30 2007 	Lord Kensington great value	Stayed at Lord Kensington on April 17th 2007 and then 3 more nights at the end of my stay in England in early May.I was alone and consequently given a single room on the fourth floor . My room was certainly not the nicest in the hotel I realize. Very tiny but also very, very clean, the bed comfortable, with television, telephone, tea/coffee making facilities and hair dryer. There was a lift also. The breakfast was more nourishing than the usual continental with boiled egg and cheese also. The coffee was on the weak side ( but this is a matter of taste).  I strongly recommend this hotel first for its fantastic location: Exactly 125 steps from the Warwick street exit (way out) of Earl's Court Underground station. Yet the noise from the trains, window open wide, was faint from my room at least....Trebovir Rd is quiet, tree lined and very typically late Victorian architecture. Yet, just a few minutes walk away down the street on the right from the hotel entrance, you find pubs, restaurants, post office, and very convenient, a Marks and Spencer Simply Food store where you can buy fresh and delicious sandwiches and all sorts of cold things and fruits , wine and liquor as well in order to save up for one or two really nice dinners in restaurants.And second, for the welcoming, helpful, very polite staff, especially the older Indian gentleman and his son.Very good value for London and the excellent location I thinkChantal Simoneau from Laval Quebec, Canada	
May 20 2007 	What a perfect environment	I booked directly with the hotel via telephone, having looked at the establishment on agent's websites.I must say that i was pleasantly surprised as the photos on all the sites i explored did not do the hotel justice.When I arrived I was greeted with a warm welcome and the staff already new my name, they took great care to ensure that i was happy with the facilities, and were able to answer any question I threw there way making me confident enough too explore every corner London had to offer. The hotel offered exactly what i required: fairly priced, immaculately clean rooms (and with my experiences of London in the past, cleanliness can be hard to find), calm and peaceful surroundings. My booking included continental breakfast which was delicious however it was better to get into the breakfast room earlier rather than later as the majority of the guests had a tendency to storm in 5 minutes from the end. I am glad to say that when i return to London, this will be my home away from home.	
Mar 3 2007	Great hotel great price	I went to this hotel in april last year. I stayed there for 4 days - 3 nights. This is a great hotel, small rooms but very clean. Great location, earls court and a mc donalds (cheapest travelling food for a student such as myself) just around the corner. The staff is very friendly, always greeting you when you come in. The rooms were quite hot though, don't know how come, even opening a window didn't really help. Back side is quite noisy because of earls court which is at that side. I liked breakfast, enough variety for me. This hotel is definitly worth your stay.	
Nov 17 2006 	Good location good value for London	Lord Kensington was very clean and in a great location. It is literally around the corner from the Earl's Court Tube Station, which made it very easy to get to the central London and Heathrow. The rooms are small compared to what we are used to in Australia.A tip catch the Picadilly Line from Heathrow it is much cheaper than Heathrow express!! Because it is located near the train station, it can be a bit noisy at times. As we were there when it was around 28C , we had the window open a lot.Reception was very helpful and friendly.Breakfast was OK and was included in the price, not a huge range. Earl's Court was a good location for us as tourists.	
Nov 12 2006 	Excellent Value	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in November 2006. In my view this hotel represents excellent value for money. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and my room and the public areas were very clean. The room was fairly small, but for the price I paid I have no complaints. If you want a big hotel room then you need to pay 4 star prices. The breakfast was also very good. My room overlooked Earls Court station and I didn't find it noisy, but then again I like the sound of trains! The location was perfect. I will definitely return to the Lord Kensington. PB, Dublin, Ireland.	
Oct 27 2006 	Very Clean but noisy	My daughter and I stayed there for convenience - a trader at the Baby Show, Earls Court. The reviews were a bit misleading. Its plus points are price, cleanliness and convenience. Its down points are small rooms, very noisy due to no double glazing and backing straight onto railway. Trains stop between midnight and 5am only. Earplugs are needed. Breakfast was disappointing. Toast was brought out in batches but they had a small toaster so when the basket came out the toast was cold. It is continental breakfast only with the addition of boiled eggs (slightly warm to cold) Also there seemed to be coffee only - no tea in breakfast room. There is tea available in the rooms. The rooms that face the road may be quieter but may cost more.	
Jun 4 2006	Pleasant stay - great value for money	We booked the Lord Kensington hotel online after reading all the positive reviews, and we were not disappointed when we got there. The room was tiny by american standards, but was always very clean and we never felt uncomfortable in the 6 nights we stayed. The breakfast was more than adequate, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Earl's Court station was just around the corner, making this a very convenient location. Tesco is also about 6 mins walk away. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	pleasant stay	My wife and i decided on a last minute 3 day break in london.Booked this hotel at £55 per night b+b on the web.clean rooms ,freindly service,breakfast, continental(toast ,eggs,preserves,stacks of fruit,tea ,coffee,juices) ,but can eat as much as you like.Rooms have trouser press ,tea/coffe facilities,phone,tv.bath/shower,clean towels) Pubs and restauraunts nearby,(macdonalds+ kfc for the kids) 40 seconds from the tube.Will definitely be recommending to freinds and booking again.	
Mar 12 2006	Excellant value for money	We stayed in the hotel in March 2006 for 4 nights and was a pleasant stay.It was a triple bed and even though the room was quite small,we stopped noticing it after a while.The breakfast was OK and comparing it with irish hotels I would say I wasn't impressed.Our room was exactly facing the Earls court station and there was noise 24/7 eventhough it didnt bother us.The rooms were serviced daily with clean towels.The staff were really helpful.We even missed the hotel after coming back home and would definitely stay again.	
Feb 24 2006	great value for money	Finding a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of London is hard at the best of times. Having stayed in other hotels not far from LK, i felt that LK provided excellent value for money. Although the room is not large, it did not matter much to me. But that is because i was out enjoying London and coming back to the hotel exhausted for a good nights sleep. I found the staff v friendly and willing to go the extra mile to help. A breakfast of boiled eggs and warm bread was more than i had expected for the price. To sum, i was thrilled with my stay and will be at Lord Kensington again.	
Dec 21 2005	Decent place	Lord Kensington had a good location in relation to taking the underground around. The rooms were clean, though quite small. Don't make any phonecalls, though; they gouge even local prices. If noise bothers you, try to get a street-side room and not one that looks over the underground station--or be ready to wake up to the sounds of trains and loudspeaker announcements. Overall, given the price it was a decent place to stay and I'd go again.	
Oct 25 2004	Not bad at all	18-20/10/2004, stayed. Had quadruple room, enough room to get about . Staff very pleasant. breakfast plentiful. downside we were right above earls court tube station and there was noise 24/7, but we were mainly out so it only affected us through the night. Very clean and tidy, would definitly stay again.	
May 7 2004	Convient for the price	Staff was very nice. Room was adequate by US Standards. Beds were against the walls with only walking space between. Bath was nice and clean. Breakfast was wonderful.  I did reconfirm a week before my date, and no reservation was found. (I had called , and e-mailed---and had a conformation in hand ) At any rate the desk assured me that they had 4 hotels in the area---and to come on and they would find me a room. They were very nice on arrival and did find a most sutible room----but worry---worry-- Only one problem with Management--- a few days before we were to leave I was asked to pay Cash --as an extra charge would be made if I used my credit card. The &quot; Boss&quot; was upset as I had a special rate and needed the money as it was the first of the month and he had to have cash to pay his workers. Needless to say I was upset as I did not have that amount of cash. It was suggested that I see a &quot; Money Changer ---friend-- to obtain the cash &quot; I was quite upset as I am a middle aged woman with a group of friends which I had made the reservations for.At any rate after we eliminated all our options we left for the day thinking we would just have to pay the credit card charge. The shift changed at the desk,and the subject was never mentioned again.  I paid by credit card --the correct amount--and never knew if it was just an employee trying to get extra cash, or the management. Otherwise it was a wonderful vacation. I would stay at Lord Kensington again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Hotel in ottima posizione. Ottimo qualità - prezzo		
Jul 18 2008 	OK anche wse con qualche piccolo neo		
Jul 7 2008 	distinto		
Feb 20 2008 	Ottimo		
Dec 10 2007 	Semplice ma davvero comodo e pulito		
