Nov 24 2009 	the worst hotel ever	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, it was really the worst hotel I´ve ever stayed at. I changed my room 3 times, the first two rooms smelled like cigarettes(I´m not a smoker). When I came in, my first room smelled so badly, that I changed it. When I complained at reception, they gave me another room, but the receptionist probably told the housekeeper to spray my room with air freshner, so when I came in, it wasn´t that bad. Then I left to the city, but after coming back... the smell again :( The hotel was fully booked (it was the time when there was the World Travel Market) so I had to sleep in that room for 2 nights. All my clothes were smelling like I was in a pub. The breakfast there - just some muffins, butter, cornflakes. No free internet !!! For that price that we paid in that period (555 LBS) for 3 nights, you had to prepay 30 min. for 10 LBS.I would never recommend this to any of my friends...And I hope I´m never gonna have to stay in such hotel :(	
Nov 23 2009 	Too expensive for the location	Rooms-standard HIE rooms. Clean, functional, spacious enough. Bed was too soft for my liking, but that's down to personal preference. The furnishings were ok; scratches, marks and a tear in the bedsheet, but passable. The bathroom was spotless, although the shower certainly wasn't what I'd call a 'power' shower. They do have wireless internet, but unfortunately it wasn't working during our 2 night stay (only in certain rooms, apparently).Location-this was our major issue with the hotel. It is very close (couple of minutes walk) to the tube station (Canning Town), but the Jubilee Line was closed, so getting the rail replacement bus just added to the journey. This was not the fault of the hotel and they were very helpful with providing transport advice, but apparently this line has been closed before at weekends and it did add to our travel times. The main problem with the location was that it did not feel safe. The walk from the tube station to the hotel is not a problem, as it is along a busy road, but we were concerned about the car, despite being parked in the hotel carpark. There were the usual signs in the carpark about not leaving valuables on display, but this was a point which was made a couple of times on checking in by the receptionist and it did make us feel wary. Other-staff were helpful; bar open until 2am, business area (1 computer) in foyer, secure luggage room.Overall, I would only stay again if the rates were much cheaper and if I did not have the car with me. Yes, it is convenient for the O2 arena (direct tube if working, otherwise 10min bus ride), but not the place to stay if you want to get into the centre of London (with all the tube closures, it took us 90 minutes).	
Nov 22 2009 	Quite. :)	There seemed to be a crisis with another guest not having somewhere to sleep at 11pm. This clearly tested the 1 man team running the place at night (and the security guard wasn't interested in helping him out.)After waiting 20 mins to be seen to print a document I needed the next morning, I was told to come back at 2am! Nonetheless, I dont think the staff was trying to be rude, he just needed more help.The saving grace was that he printed the stuff i needed ready by breakfast.- Breakfast was 'continental' - which is always unsatisfying.- Good transport links by tube.- the area seems a little dodgy at dark.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great value hotel that allows easy access to central London	I stayed for three nights. The room is relatively spacious and it was quite and comfortable. The service was good and the tariff provided great value for money. It is easy to get to one just takes the Victoria Line to Canning Town and the hotel is just 100 metres down the road. They provided a continental breakfast. There was good value dining in the evening. All up a good place to stay.	
Oct 18 2009 	Very convenient for O2 Arena	We stayed at Holiday Inn Express, Royal Docks-Dockland, London for one night in September 2009 when attending show at the O2 Arena. This is the second time we had stayed there (earlier this year following another show at the O2). The hotel is easy to find and very well placed for shows and concerts at the O2 Arena. The hotel is just over the river from the Arena and is 5 minutes walk to the underground and I think it was just two stops, then a short walk to the arena. Check-in was quick and easy. Staff friendly. We had room 431, which was quiet and comfortable. The room had tv, tea/coffee making facilities, air conditioning. It has a car park at the rear, which costs £8 per day for parking. In the morning we had the complimentary continental breakfast, which was quite adequate. The breakfast room doubles up as a bar in the evenings. Check-out was quick and easy. I would certainly stay here again if visiting the O2 Arena.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good value handy for the DLR	A no-frills hotel, but handy for the Docklands Light Railway (100 yards or so) which links to the London Underground. Whilst the location is convenient in that respect, it definitely isn't a &quot;nice&quot; location - on a busy main road in a rather down-trodden part of town. Took a walk to find a decent pub or something to eat but (apart from the Italian next door) it was mainly doner kebab outlets! Not a particularly nice place to walk around after dark.So use it as a good-value base, rather than as a nice place to stay.Small bar area with harsh lighting, basic furnishings and an over-loud TV.Basic continental breakfast (served in the bar area) included in the price, which makes it good value for money (paid about £65).One gripe. Holiday Inn Express claim &quot;power shows&quot; as one of their big things. &quot;Power&quot; shower it most certainly was not!	
Oct 15 2009 	Unless you need to be in this area dont pay too much for it.	Holiday Inn Express - LONDON ROYAL DOCKS-DOCKLANDSLOCATION-The hotel is a 3 to 5 minute walk from “Canning Town” station where you can get the grey coloured “Jubilee line” of the tube (metro, subway) and the DLR (Docklands Light Railway). There is also a large bus station with various red London buses going all over.-The O2 stadium (ex millennium dome) is one tube stop away at “North Greenwich” station. It is however NOT within walking distance.-Bear in mind that this station is in ZONE 3 on the transport map and it will cost you more to travel to and from central London (zone 1). If you are planning on making many trips to the city centre I would advise choosing a different hotel. Trips to central London will take about 15 to 20 minutes on a good day. -Also bear in mind that if the Jubilee tube line is partially closed for “engineering works” (as it often is on weekends) you’ll need to use alternate transport and you’re in for a loooooong journey both into and back from central London.-Apart from the nearby station and the O2, this hotel is really in the middle of nowhere. There is nothing to see and nowhere to go. A barren and dead area of London which doesn’t even look that safe.-Local Dining options are limited to ONE Italian restaurant next door.ROOMS-Basic Holiday Inn Express standard rooms. A bit on the small side. This is an express hotel so everything’s all very basic.-Rooms facing the main road have views of Canary Wharf skyscrapers and the O2 stadium (ex millennium dome).-TV has not one foreign channel. -Lifts (elevators) are small and move slowly.BUILDING &amp; COMMON AREAS-Their bar/breakfast area has very strong smell of cheap clear vinegar in the evenings. Everyone seems to put it on their chips (French fries).BREAKFAST-Breakfast is free for everyone no matter what rate you book. However this is a cold continental breakfast so don’t expect warm eggs, pancakes or sausages….just cereal, cheap cheese and concentrated juices.PRICE-If you need to be in the area (either to go to Canary Wharf or the O2 stadium or the Excel centre) then don’t pay more than £ 75-90 GBP per night. -If you’re a tourist and want to see central London don’t pay more than £ 60-70 GBP per night. -Anything higher than these prices will get you something a lot better and/or more central. Don’t pay too much.	
Sep 28 2009 	Decent business hotel	Stayed here in connection with a trade fair at the nearby Excel Centre. Location is OK in that regard.It is pretty far into the West End - about £45 by taxi, but there is a DLR station 5 mins walk from the hotel - Canning Town, I believe.Was disappointed not to have the option of an English breakfast. By my reckoning a sizable proportion of the hotel guests were British. Wi-fi connection worked OK, not as fast as hotels in Denmark or Sweden but what the heck.All in all an OK hotel. It is certainly good value for money given London hotel prices.	
Sep 27 2009 	Chosen for Access to O2 and not disappointed	First this is a &quot;Holiday Inn Express&quot; so nobody should expect wonders from it but of it's type the staff were very helpful and polite. Breakfast (buffett) items were replenished with speed and were fresh. The rooms are very clean and the hotel is much quieter than I thought it would be.For the O2 as has already been said it is 5 minutes walk to Canning Town Tube/Bus/DLR station and then one stop to the O2. It actually looks so close (the O2/Dome) that you feel you can walk to it but there is the small matter of The Thames!Eating - there is an Italian next door which looked to be good, there are masses of restaurants in the O2 (which are open every day no matter what is on) and you could also go one stop further to Canary Wharf where again there are a large number of eateries.While we were there there were a number of foreign tourists using it as a base for London.One negative was charging £8 for parking - especially as there were only about 4 cars parked there.I would not hesitate to use this again. My rating is based on what it advertises itself as.	
Sep 24 2009 	Pretty much what you'd expect	This is very much a typical Holiday Inn Express. It's clean, convenient, and cheap. The staff were helpful and fairly friendly. it's not right beside City Airport, but it's very close to Canning Town station, where the DLR (Docklands Light Railway), tube (Jubilee line) and many bus routs converge, so it's easy to get to, and doesn't take long to get to central London.There's very little in the surrounding area in terms of amenities or entertainment. The upside of this is that it's quiet. There is, however, a surprisingly excellent Italian Restaurant, Pepenero, right next door, which I would highly recommend if you find yourself staying here. Overall the hotel was convenient for a one night stay, and the standard was OK, but overall there wasn't a great deal to recommend it. Adequate, but not much more - what I expected...	
Sep 20 2009 	excellent location for O2 and good example of its type	Stayed here when attending the Ben Hur Live (excellent show) at the 02. We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed either in terms of location or quality of accommodation. Getting to the 02 from the hotel is simple. Canning Town station is only 3 minutes walk away, one stop and you are at the 02. Trains are frequent and run till way after the end of most concerts, and this hotel is a very good advert for this chain of limited service hotels.When it comes to budget hotels Holiday Inn Express is my preferred choice and this hotel does nothing to alter my opinion. We were greeted on arrival by the check in staff who were more than helpful. As a family of 6 we require 2 rooms to accommodate us all. Unfortunately the online check in system allocated us rooms at opposite ends of the corridor. This was quickly sorted by the very helpful young man on at reception (Helson) who also advised us how to get to the 02 and where we could find something to eat, the hotel restaurant being closed at weekends. ( We chose to eat at the 02, however there is a reasonably priced pizza and pasta restaurant next door to the hotel and a small supermarket next door to that.)We had room numbers 101 and 104. Both were family rooms but 101 is the better for sharing. It is bigger being L-shaped. The sofa bed was round the corner from the main bed so the younger kids could sleep undisturbed by the older kids. For parents it would allow for some privacy when sharing with children. Unlike other chains the sofa bed was a double and equipped with a mattress topper and was very comfortable. It was also the same length as normal bed and was made up on arrival. Both the sofa bed and main bed afforded the occupants a very good night's sleep. The bathroom was small having only a shower but was spotlessly clean with shower gel and sufficient towels. The rooms were equipped with air conditioning and also very well soundproofed. Room 104 faced the busy main road but with the window closed there was traffic noise whatsoever. Tea and coffee making facilities were available in both rooms along with a tv with a sufficient number of channels and radio. Pay Per view channels are available. We had no trouble getting these barred by the reception unfortunately they disabled the pay channels in both rooms which once turned off could not be restored. Breakfast is included in the price of the room at this hotel and comprises of a continental buffet with a limited choice of items which needed to be replenished more frequently and could have been fresher. They also need to buy a bigger or more toasters. If there was a room only option I'd advise not to bother. Otherwise a very good hotel. Will definately use again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Booked to see Michael Jackson	I too had booked and paid in advance for a 3 bedded room to visit the 02 for the Michael Jackson concert in July. I politely approached the hotel after his death and asked that as a gesture of goodwill would they be prepared to honor the booking at a later date as my original booking was at a non refundable rate.. I received a very friendly immediate reply saying they would be very happy to do this and that I could choose any date subject to availability before the end of 2009. I have now rebooked for a visit to London in October and will review again then.	
Jul 22 2009 	Perfect location for quick access to the O2	I booked this hotel after reading reviews about how easy it is to get to the O2, and I can safely say it really is!We drove down from Suffolk and parked up at the hotel easily. They charge £8 for parking.Check in was super quick and friendly.We had a twin room that was plenty big enough and spotless. We had a room facing the car park and didn't hear anything.Breakfast was your usual continental and very busy. I would recommend going down before 9am.To get to the O2 we turned left out of the hotel, walked for 2 minutes and you were at the Canning Town tube stop, DLR stop and bus station. It is then 1 stop on the tube to North Greenwich for the O2 - easy peasy!I would definitely recommend this hotel for ease of access to the O2 and also for a super clean and quite hotel in the middle of London.	
Jul 17 2009 	Clean quiet and convenient for drivers	Stayed 3 nights without issue. It's simple to find from the M11 if driving and there's secure parking for £8/day .Tube, DLR and buses all 5 mins walk away but of course it takes a while to get into central London. Reception pleasant and polite, staff generally likewise.We were allocated a disabled room with bigger bathroom on the top floor, had quite a decent view of Canary Warf and had little traffic noise. Hotel is well maintained and very very clean as is the rest of the hotel. Room was air conditioned and had spare bedding. Bed comfy and decor pleasant - clothes hanging limited -no space for your Covent Graden ball gown.Breakfast disappointing, better to ignore altogether and break your journey into London to eat at a cafe.Most important factor is discount. Found that Holiday Inns own web page gave best prices - what are the likes of laterooms and lastminute doing? we paid av. of £67/night/roomI would definitely use again at this price.	
Jun 29 2009 	DO NOT BOOK. BE WARNED	We booked this hotel to see Michael Jackson at the O2. Due to his misfortune we asked to be moved to another more central London Hotel,belonging to the same Company. We were told &quot;No you can't do this as it is a franchise&quot; &quot;If you cancel the booking we will charge you in full&quot; The loaded rate of £140.00 still has to be paid even though the rate is now £115.00.I think that their attitude is abysmal.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Hotel for London Visit	We stayed for three nights on a trip to London for my birthday. We arrived 1 and a half hours early but after a speedy and efficient check-in were given a freshly cleaned room on the second floor (at the front of the hotel as requested). The rooms are basic but reasonably sized and clean with a decent TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and an en-suite bathroom with shower cubicle. The room was cleaned to a high standard every day and towels replaced, bed remade etc. The hotel facilities are good: bar open till 2am, good continental breakfast with cereals, toast, muffins, fresh fruit, yoghurts, fruit juice, croissants and tea/coffee (all in endless supply!). There is internet access and there are vending machines for drinks, snacks and toiletries and a free ice machine! The hotel is clean, comfortable and in a pretty quiet location by London standards! There is also a new pizza restaurant (un-tested!) and a great Polish mini-supermarket 20 metres down the street which is full of interesting beers and snacks!!We have used this hotel for the last couple of years on our annual trip to London as its close proximity to Canning Town Tube / Bus / Rail Station (5 minutes walk) makes it an ideal base for travel. The DLR service takes around 10-15 minutes to get to Bank Station where you can connect easily to the tube network.Overall, this hotel comes highly recommended - we will return next year!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic for the o2	I stayed at this hotel after seeing Britney Spears at the o2. You can see the o2 arena from the hotel and it is just 2 minutes walk to Canning Town station where you can pick up the Jubilee line, DLR, or buses so the city is easily accessible. The hotel is one stop from the Greenwich North station for the o2 and 15 mins westbound to central london which makes it an ideal place to stay. I was originally looking to book the HIE within walking distance of the arena but this one worked out at half the price and quicker to get to! Coming back from the o2 after the concert we were going the opposite way to veveryone else so the tube was less crowded and only had to go one stop!Overnight parking was only £8 - much cheaper than parking at the arena and is outside the congestion zone. The area is very quiet (we were in a room facing the main road and noticed no noise - in fact there werent many cars around) and the hotel very clean. As usual continental breakfast was included but there was not as much variety/choice as other HIE's Ive stayed at in the past although I didnt starve to say the least!! Would definitely recommend to anyone going to the o2 and have already booked to stay again!!	
May 27 2009 	Very good basic hotel	For a short trip to London, for 4 days, this hotel proved to be excellent for us, as we saw this as a base to sleep. Closeness to the tubestation (5 min) is a big advantage,as you can go to any central location in something like 15-20 min.	
May 3 2009 	A pretty standard HI Express - with a couple of exceptions	Our stay at this hotel was pretty much like any HIE stay - the room was clean, as were all of the public areas; everything was well maintained and the facilities were as expected.A couple of exceptions though:We arrived at 11:30, having travelled across London (after waving goodbye to a much nicer hotel!) to see if they would check us in early - something which is of no extra cost to them but would have helped us out to be able to drop our stuff and sort out what we needed for our day in London. The lady on reception (Sara I think) was horrible! When I asked &quot;is there any chance we could check in early?&quot;, she replied with &quot;no&quot; - and that was it. When I delved a little further, there were apparently no rooms ready (this is 2.5 hours before check in) and there weren't going to be any until precicely 2:00. Rather than tell me it was hotel policy not to check anyone in early (which I would have understood and been happy with), she just claimed there was nothing free and that she wasn't going to do anything about it to help us!Another exception to the HIE standards is the breakfast was very poor - bear in mind that I stay in lots of these brand hotels so I know that breakfast is only ever good, but basic. There were only croissants (no other pastries), cheap muffins in plastic wrapping which were sweaty and not much else to tantalise the tastebuds! The toaster was an Argos branded domestic 4 slice, which was not enough by a long way. Usually HIE's have a rotary one - I feel the franchisees of this hotel are a bit greedy and thinking this sort of thing will be fine. After waiting in the queue for the toaster for 10 minutes, it isn't fine!The room was exceptionally hot, even with the 'air con' on full and the window open (about 8 degrees outside at night). I have no idea how anyone could sleep here in the summer!I booked this hotel through Hotwire for £41 ($58.50 at point of booking). I recommend booking through hotwire as it looks like the hotel struggles to shift the rooms so resorts to using Hotwire for getting rid of them. If you're a Priority rewards member, you can add your membership number to your room on arrival.I would stay here again but really only for somewhere clean &amp; comfortable to sleep. £41 for almost central London is fantastic, despite the downsides.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good Value	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel. It's a fairly run of the mill Holdiay Inn Express and the location isn't the best - although as with other reviews the area doesn't feel unsafe, (although we did walk past one car that had been broken into during the afternoon that had been parked on the road near the hotel).We had a decent view of the whole of canary wharf too.The tube station is only 5 minutes walk away which only takes about 15 mins to get into the middle of London, but given the choice I would probably pay a little extra to stay closer to the attractions.The rooms where comfortable and clean and fairly quiet, even with the flight path into City airport over head.The staff were very helpful and polite too.All in all a reasonable hotel for the price, and if you were wanting somewhere to stay for an event at the ExCel it would be ideal, (it's right on the doorstop). However if you're wanting somewhere as a base to explore London then it may be worth looking at options slightly closer.	
Apr 23 2009 	One Night Stay	This place was good, although it is a bit far from the city center. We got a one night for £51, so I thought that was a bargain. The staff was helpful, the rooms clean, and all went well. We had to leave early, so we did not try the breakfast. The tube station is just across the street, so if you buy a day pass for Zones 1, 2 and 3, you can easily get the city center and all the other attractions. Definitely recommend this hotel...	
Apr 10 2009 	Very good hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights in April. Location was good, only around 300m to Canning Town tube station and connections to the Jubilee line. Rooms clean and comfortable. Breakfasts were decent. Fairly decent price. Would definitely use again.	
Jan 16 2009 	Does what it says! Not bad for price	Stayed here when we saw an event at O2, the hotel is close to rail links through to the O2 arena.This is pretty much the same as any other Holiday inn/ travel lodge type hotel, rooms are clean but basic, has everything you need if a little small - its good enough for purpose though.The reception check in was quite friendly, and the bar area was well kept and attended and the prices werent to bad considering.Breakfast the next day was fairly well organised and was pretty standard hotel fare, probably above the standard i would have expected from this type of hotel.Overall, it did what it promised with little fuss or frills	
Dec 8 2008 	Great staff	Stayed here for a conference at the Excel centre, it is just a little too far to walk back and to so cost a few pounds in taxi fares, make sure the hotel doesn't order &quot;Mercedes cars&quot; as they cost £10, the others cost around £6. Whilst the hotel is of the usual standard for Holiday Inn, the unusual thing about this one are the fantastic staff, i'm not sure whether i got them on a good day, but they were extremely polite, helpful and accommodating, the breakfast was perfectly adequate and for the purpose of our trip it was a good venue.	
Sep 23 2008 	Boringly ordinary	Stayed here with some friends. Staff fiendly. Rooms OK.Don't expect a cooked breakfast - toast, croissants, jam and cheese wrapped in plastic paper.	
Aug 4 2008 	Just Fine	I stayed here with my husband and 12 year old daughter in order to see Kylie at the O2 on 1st August. Hotel is definitely well located for visiting O2/Dome and the underground makes it so easy. Ideal for visiting Greenwich and all that it has to offer. The only problem we had was that although we had requested a non smoking, quiet room we got neither. Not totally the Hotel's fault as it was full up with traders etc from the motor show. The room was comfortable and the included continental breakfast was just fine. Lots of choice with fresh fruit, toast, juice, tea, coffee, pastries etc.The Canning Town area is very run down and I wouldn't want to be there on my own.	
Jul 30 2008 	Stayed to see Kylie at The 02	Stayed at this hotel to see Kylie at The 02 last weekend. Wasn't the best choice as the tube was shut from North Greenwich to Canning Town, which meant we had to rely on bus replacements and taxis. Grrr...The actual room was OK. I'm a bit fussy and I found it fine. There needs to be more mirrors though, when you're a girl getting ready you need more! The TV didn't work, couldnt get any channels, and during the night 2 car windows were smashed in the carpark so I'm so glad I didn't drive..!Complimentary breakfast was brilliant, and staff seemed helpful. I would stay again but only if the tube was fully operational. You can see The 02 from hotel windows but without the tube working it's quite a long trip.	
Jul 22 2008 	On the road to no where - get a room at the Rea	Stayed two nights, there really isn't anyting near by apart from the tube,Canning Town. Stop and search is often in action as you leave the tube. The internet access at the hotel is very expensive and doesn't work. The food is expensive and at best very average. The hotel itself looks very new but the surrounding area is very quite run down, I didn't feel safe walking about. The staff were excellent. The rooms were well furnished with nice decor and very clean. I paid 150 a night midweek. Location lets it down, as does the extortionate internet access fees and the constant chorus of emergency vehicle sirens. There is also a gaurd dog over the road that barks all night so get a room at the back to avoid noise from the road and the dog.	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Value!	We got an awesome deal on Hotwire for this--$72 per night including all taxes. We would've expected to pay a lot more than that. We stayed 7 nights.We had a bright, sunny twin room with updated, very clean bath (shower). The staff were very pleasant and helpful, and the breakfast included was very hearty for continental. The Canning Town tube station (DLR and Jubilee lines) is about a 3-5min walk away, and the 15 bus also goes to the tube station from Aldwych. It isn't the most scenic area, and there isn't much there in the way of shops and restaurants, but we never felt unsafe at night. I believe they have better security in the car park now, but it's no longer free to park from what I saw. It was well worth being slightly outside of central London for the price, and we would definitely stay there again if we could get a similar deal.	
Jun 10 2008 	Blessed Air Conditioning in London	Was offered great price on a two-night stay here through Hotwire. I was nervous about the location but once I figured out how to get there I was fine. As an American in London I had some unpleasant room size, bed comfort and lack of air conditioning experiences. This was more comparable to an American motel experience. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful. It is a very short walk from the Tube/DLR Station known as Canning Town. Yup, it costs a bit more on the tube as it is going beyond the usual zones. But the price of the hotel could entice you. There is a mini-mart in the building next to the hotel where you can get a cold soda for 50p and reasonably priced sandwiches as well as good prices on beer. Very pleasant Lithuanian store/staff! If you live in this neighborhood you should go here for sausage as they have great selection. This is not a neighborhood for a good walk. I tried it, but decided to delete the picture I took of the metal reclamation business down the road. This is industrial country. But you get good television, air conditioning, good continental breakfast with excellent extended hours for all. You can take the DLR to Greenwich for a lovely day out (as I did). This is also good location for anyone using London Airport in addition to those who attend events at the O2. I finally got to sleep through the night in this place.	
Jan 16 2008 	Convenient for the O2 arena	We stayed here as we were going to a concert at the o2 arena. This hotel was convenient as it was only 1 stop on the tube to it. In fact you could see the o2 from your room.The room was adequate with a bed and sofa and tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom had a shower but no bath.Soundproofing wasn't excellent as our room was overlooking the road and the vents above the window let all the sound come into the room so ask for a room facing the back.The breakfast was great and included in the room rate. It was continental with plenty of breads, toast and cereals.Overall a good stay but a bit far out of London if you want to stay in central London but good for the o2 and Canary Wharf.	
Dec 10 2007 	good for the dome	this place is just one stop from north greenwich so great for the 02 (although £9.20 for two people return for one stop on the tube is pretty steep but that's london for you - a hotel one stop nearer would probably be more expensive anyway) the room was large, clean and had everything you needed - continental breakfast was included which was adequate - would probably use it again when i next see a band at the 02	
Nov 19 2007 	Ideal for visiting the 02 arena	Picked this hotel because of cheap internet rate, free parking and close proximity to 02 arena. Free continental breakfast is also provided. Not lots of choice but enough to keep you going. Requested a quiet room on the car park side and this was provided. No problem at all. Rooms are basic but clean, but then we didn't plan on being in the hotel for long. Nana on reception was particularly friendly and helpful. Arrived at the hotel and dropped off our bags, then went into London on the train. It is only short walk to the station from the hotel. Went to a gig at the 02. It is only one stop to North Greenwich and when we left the gig it was great to be going in the opposite direction to everyone else. There is nothing around the hotel apart from a small convenience store on the way to the station but we took a few snacks with us. There is a bar as part of the hotel reception. This was fine for a couple of nightcaps.	
Nov 9 2007 	Bad location pack your food as there is no restaurant	I stayed in this hotel in Nov'07. I checked in late and firstly the hotel told me that the restaurant is not operational on Sat and Sun! There are no good restaurants in the neighborhood as well.. The hotel reception pointed me to a McDonalds which was 15 min away!The location is not very good either. It costs a bomb (GBP 65) to the airpor and the area is deserted and not safe when dark. All the more reasons for the restaurant to be operational all days..Very unlikely to stay here again..	
Sep 24 2007 	great location but not walking distance from The Dome	I stayed at this hotel because it said it was less than 2 miles away from The Millenium Dome (02 stadium) which may be true but you cannot walk there, you can see it clearly from the hotel but you have to pay for a full day travel underground ticket to go one stop!!! which seems alittle excessive when theres 4 of you paying £24 to go 2 miles!Anyway, the hotel was good, clean and spacious. However, the tariff listed at reception read an amazing £190 per room per night! wow im so glad we went on the following web site and got a deal for £50 a night...[--]!Otherwise the hotel was great and parking was free.	
Sep 23 2007 	Basic	If you want a basic hotel, close to public transport then this is the place for you. Personally i won't be back again, everything here's is done to the minimum, that is the minimum they can get away with. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location. Don't bother trying to get some help from the staff because like the hotel, they will do the minimum necessary to make you go away.	
Sep 17 2007 	the dome	great for the dome ,rooms good size ,clean and well laid out.nothing to set it apart from others certainly not the location.staff quite laid back did what was needed.nothing to really set it apart we used it for its close proximity to the dome but i dont think i would visit again. the hotel i meanthe dome was fantastic..	
Sep 8 2007 	Great for O2	This hotel does what it says on the tin. It is not luxurious but it is a basic, clean hotel to sleep in.It is great for going to the O2 arena, we were a little dubious about the area when we arrived in the day as it looks quite run down. However it is only a short walk form the tube and when you come out of the O2 late at night and everyone is queuing for trains back towards the centre of London, you are only too glad that you are heading the other way as there are no queues.The rooms were small but they were clean and big enough when you are out and about sightseeing and only coming back to sleep.The complimentary breakfast was a bonus and you can eat as much as you like.All in all an ok place that we would definately use again.	
Sep 5 2007	Did not like it	I went to London with my husband while he was on a business trip, and wanted a hotel for one night till we moved to his company-paid hotel. I expected Holiday Inn Express to be similar to Holiday Inn, but it fell short. I realized then that Express is a less pricey version of Holiday Inn. The room we had was tiny, with a small bed and a very small bathroom. It was okay for one night, but I could not have spent more time there. I had the room on the bottom floor, and did not like it much. It was a cheaper alternative so maybe it was okay for the price.	
Aug 28 2007 	excellent value	This hotel was excellent value for money. It is located in an ideal situation for the O2 arena being just one tube stop away and only a few minutes walk away from Canning Town tube station. The room was immaculate, the staff friendly and efficient. The breakfast was nice too, certainly the best 'machine' coffee I've had in a long time! Would stay here again even if my primary purpose for being in London was for the more central tourist attractions. The extra tube journey time would be worth it to guarantee a stay in a comfortable and friendly hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location	We booked this hotel as it was very reasonable and close to a tube station.The location is pretty good, just over the road from the tube, and we had an awesome view from our window of Canary Wharf and the rest of London.The room was really clean and comfortable, the staff were really friendly and helpful. When we asked them to recommend somewhere for dinner, they directed us to a Thai restaurant - it was a little walk a way, but we HIGHLY recommend it! Unfortunately, I cant remember what its called, but go left outside the hotel, walk over the bridge, turn at the first left, go right and its a little place overlooking the docks - but I'm sure the staff would do a better job at telling you!!!Breakfast was included and was a continental buffet, there were plenty of items to choose from and it was all good quality.Depending on what we were going to London for, we would almost certainly stay here again!	
Aug 26 2007 	Be careful with car parking	We stayed here and parked the car at the front of the hotel. All valuables including sat nav were out of view yet the car window was smashed during the afternoon between 2pm and 6pm. There are cameras around but that did not deter the theives. We spent the evening trying to get the window replaced which ruined the night. We took the car to a branch of Autoglass who said his office alone had 2 to 3 windows to replace from cars parked at this hotel each week.The hotel has disclaimers regarding car security so did not help (other than to provide brush for us to sweep up glass from the carpark). Please be warned.	
Jul 15 2007 	Convenient and Economical	The hotel is located 2 minutes walk away from the Canning Town Tube(Jubilee)/DLR station. Bus 474 drops you right in front of the hotel if you have luggages to lug. However, Canning Town is in Zone 3, so if you buy a Travelcard (Oyster card), make sure it includes Zone 3. It's 10-15 minute ride into town.Excellent value, continental BF included. It was clean, hotel staff helpful. A little small for 3 people but definitely manageable. Room design is very efficient.I'd definitely recommend staying there if you don't want to pay the high prices in London.	
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent	The Hotel is sittuated 3 mins walk from DLR and is around 20min on DLR and TUBE to central London. Excellent staff and meals/drinks priced ok.Get a room at the back of the hotel as the road ban be noisy.	
May 19 2007 	Recommended	We stayed at this hotel for 1 Saturday night in May for £79.95. The hotel is very close to Canning Town station which is very convenient. We left our car in the secure (CCTV) and free car park and walked about 3 minutes down the road to get the underground. Only 2 stops to Canary Wharf and the big shopping centres there with a variety of restaurants.The hotel itself was nicely decorated and the furnishings very new. The staff were very helpful and our check in was very quick.The complimentary breakfast was also very good. A nice range of bread, croissants, fruit &amp; yogurt.Our only complaint was the amount of noise that could be heard in the room from the road, the hallway and also the next room. We would recommend avoiding rooms next to the lift!We would stay at this hotel again as it was good value for money.	
May 11 2007 	Lovely Hotel	Just returned from our second stay at this fine hotel. This is a fine, modern hotel, which is very well managed. We had a room on 3rd floor at the front of the building so there was some traffic noise during the day but quiet enough at night. There was a beautiful view of the skyscrapers at Canary Wharf too.Our room was very clean, bright, fresh and everything worked perfectly. The staff were so pleasant and very helpful. The breakfast would fill you up for the morning and it is served in a pleasant dinning room.We got a deal of £50 per night for a twin room with private bath and breakfast included which is very good for London. The area, Canning Town is not in the centre of London, however, there are excellent transport links to anywhere you may need to go which include, underground train, DLR and buses. It is a run down area but even coming back late at light, we never experienced any problems. The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from the station but I would not do this walk alone late at night by myself (I have no problem coming back late in central London by myself because other places I stay are more busy with people all the time).It is easy to forget the last underground train arrives back here about midnight or so. You need to remember how quickly time passes but there are always buses if you miss the last train. I would come back here again and recomment it to anyone.	
Apr 7 2007 	Easy to find 	I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions, as its very convenient for access to the Docklands / Canary Wharf areas.The hotel isn't in the greatest of areas, however its very close to the A13 and the Canning Town tube station.The hotel check-in is always very efficient and the car park has good seciurity.The rooms are typical standard for the expess by holiday inn, however this suits me fine. The evening view (from the rooms at the front), towards Canary Wharf is impressive !I am staying for 1 night this week on business and im taking my wife for the trip. Due to the good location, we intend to drive into Canary Wharf for a meal, alternatively we can get the tube into the centre with minimal fuss.	
Mar 20 2007 	Clean and affordable but just a lukewarm review	My 16 year old son and I just returned from a short stay that we booked through British Airways for £50 per night. The room was small but clean and the continental breakfast was quite adequate. To reach our non-smoking room we needed to pass through the smoking corridor but our room was indeed totally smoke free. The shower was warm not hot and with only adequate water pressure. Room had a kettle but no safe.Canning Town is a bit far out for most of tourist London but not an impossibly long journey. The surrounding neighborhood is indeed a bit rough but we felt safe enough even at night. However on our first evening there was indeed a shooting at the pub across the street. Probably a disagreement involving just locals but certainly a point of interest. On the other side of things there were indeed families and school groups staying while we were there.Our final verdict was that we would be willing to pay a bit more next time around for a better location.	
Feb 8 2007 	Very impressed	After hearing numerous horror stories about budget hotels in London, I was a bit aprehensive about this one. However, my fears were not realised. The hotel is about 3mins walk from Canning Town station on the Jubilee line (20mins from Westminster). It's a modern, bright, fresh and clean building outside and inn. The staff were friendly and the bar and restaurant were comfortable. Breakfast was a continental all-you-can-eat buffet which was very nice. Rooms were clean, well maintained and in good order, including a powerful hot shower. Situated in a quiet, slightly run-down area, but there was never any hint of trouble, despite returning to the hotel quite late some evenings. Would highly recommend this hotel. Excellent value for money.	
Jan 19 2007	Great butget option	We stayed here for 2 nights after Xmas 2006. The rooms were comfortable, rather than luxurious, and slept the four of us 2 adults and a 5 &amp; 6 year old resonably confortably.The BIG advatages of this hotel were:1) Excellent value 65pounds per night for the four of us including continental breakfast. ([---])2) Free parking and very accessible by road only a few miles from the bottom of the M11 motorway. Well outside the Congestion Zone.3) The new Canning Town Tube / DLR station is only a couple of hundred metres down the road. Wesminster is only 20 minuites away on the Jubilee Line, Canary Wharf is less than 10.The immediate area around the hotel is not the best ! Staff friendly &amp; helpful.	
Jan 4 2007 	Ideal...	Plenty of free parking, very close to the underground, quiet area, clean and suitablly sized rooms, friendly polite and cheerful staff, comfortable beds, powerful shower, pleasant free continental breakfast... and to my surprise a bar that is open till 2am (didn't expect this at this type of hotel!). Hotel also openly allows you to order in takeaways (which were also very decently priced and tasted good too!). My advice if travelling from the West is to use the North Circular road (A406), then onto the A13 which directs you to silvertown... beware of some internet directions which take you through the centre of London, definately not recommended!!!Will always use this hotel when visiting London due to the secure free parking and closeness of the underground!	
Dec 1 2006 	Good Option for ExCel	The hotel was excellent, very clean, very new, modern interior, curteous staff, rapid check-in/ out, good breakfast, decent sized room, quite night's stay - no complaints at all. It is very close to Canning Town rail/ underground and bus station. It's not the nicest/ most upmarket of areas but probably not nearly the worst in London either, lots of little businesses and insutrial areas around - but not a scarey place. Great choice for ExCel but you will need to go to Canary Wharf (close by) or into London if you are a tourist or are looking for night life/ restaurants etc. It's quite a trek into the centre so will not suit most tourists. However at £54 per night mid-week it is still excellent value and the train will have you into the centre in no time. If going to ExCel I would deinitely stay there again if on a budget. If doing the tourist bit then I would rather be in the city centre somewhere - even if it cost another £25 per night.	
Oct 27 2006 	excellent service even during half term	Booked on-line and got an excellent rate of £49 a night, I have stayed at this hotel before and when they are full they give me an access room. The room is very spacious and usually at one of the corners of the hotel so is away from the lift and usually only has people on one side. The wet room bathroom is great with a walk in shower. If they offer it take them up on the offer. I have just come back after staying a couple of nights during half term so there were a lot children the staff handled this very well and the breakfast area was very well stocked. Breakfast is the standard continental fair from holiday inn express, yet if you want more you just go and get it. The bar snacks from the hotel are very limited but with Jubilee place (Canary Wharf) only being a couple of stops on the Jubilee Line not too bad at all. This hotel is very well connected with transport; it is very close to Canning Town station with access to the DLR, Jubilee Line &amp; North London Line. The station also has the Bus station attached and there are a couple of night bus routes that run thru the centre of London onto Canning Town. The previous person could have travelled on the N15 from Piccadilly to canning town for 80p with an oyster card. The area around the hotel is not one I would want to linger at night yet it is an up and coming area.The staff are all very friendly and quite helpful and go out of there way to help. I shall return on my next trip.	
Aug 1 2006 	Clean	Stayed in the Holiday Inn Express in Docklands last weekend. Clean hotel. Friendly Staff altho not very fluent in english. On arrival with a friend, after having booked a twin room, we were presented with a double with a sofabed. I spoke to reception who swiftly sorted out this problem and supplied us with another room.On checking my credit card bill this morning i see that i have been charged another charge of £59.50 on top of the charges for the hotel stay. I am currently awaiting a call back about this issue but to be honest im not sure that the lady who took my call fully understood what i was talking about. All in all pleasent stay although it is a little far out of the city. If your on a budget this one is for you!	
Mar 17 2006 	Good value for London	Want to stay in London but can't afford it? This gives you Holiday Inn Express quality but at an out-of-town price. 10-15 minutes walk from the ExCEL Centre, a couple of minutes walk from the Underground and the Docklands Light Railway. You're about 15 minutes by train from the centre of London.Rooms a good size for London (standard HI Express rooms). Limited menu for dinner, which suits if you are travelling on business.So what's the drawback? It's in the East end of London, so if you fancy a trip in to Canning Town at night then you do so at your own peril. Want to know more then look Canning Town up on the internet. The area is undergoing huge redevelopment at the moment, so expect some construction nearby - not that this interfered with my stay. The 2012 Olympics will be held (in part at least) at ExCEL so expect the area to improve with time.	
Nov 18 2005	Great Choice	Just a short stroll to the underground station, in fact, you can see the station from the front of the hotel.We travelled by car and as the hotel offered complimentary parking, this was a great choice, compared to the extortionate parking fees for London, and then jumped on the tube / DLR and within 30 minutes into central London The hotel is very clean, overall impression, fantastic hotel in a great location, with GREAT service - nothing was too much for the staff. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 4 2005	Best value in London	We stayed at this hotel for five nights in August. We were travelling by car, so we were very delighted that parking at the hotel's car park was free.The room for our family (2 adults, 2 children 12 and 14) was a bit too small but regarding the price it was o.k. and we we arranged us with this situation quickly. The room was cleaned up every day.The shower, often a problem even in so-called first class hotels, had good distribution pressure, so we all could take a shower in the morning.We booked 2 months in advance and got a unbeatable rate of 55 GBP (booked via Holiday Inn Webside) per night including breakfast for 4 persons ! We never had to complain because of missing breakfast items (as written in other reviews). And I tell you, our two boys are very hungry in the morning.Canning Town Tube station is a 5 minute walk away from the hotel, and one can take either the underground or the docklands light railway to get to the city of London in approximately 25 minutes.The surroundings of the hotel are really not fancy, but this didn't bother us in any kind because we did not stay in the hotel during he day.The Hotel was perfect for our stay in London. Really, I can tell nothing bad about this Holiday Inn. And in comparison with friends of mine who stayed in other hotels in London this hotel offers far the best value for money, if you are prepared to take the tube every day to get to the City of London.I recommend this hotel and we will stay there again when coming back to London.	
Sep 29 2005 	Great Access to ExCeL Centre and London City Airport	Location is definitely not for everyone. Watchers of the British soap opera &quot;East Enders&quot; will recognize similarities between the immediate neighborhood of this hotel and the imaginary Walford.That said, the hotel is clean, the breakfasts (included in price) top-notch, and the staff unfailingly nice. During our stay the staff was made up primarily of Polish and Lithuanian women. Not only were these ladies young and attractive, they had brains and weren't afraid to use them. They could provide intelligible directions to any local place, and tell you how to reach the more distant ones by underground/tube, Docklands Railway, tour boat, or commuter ferry.All in all, if I had business in that area again, this hotel would be among my first choices.	
Aug 31 2005 	Good clean hotel	We did stay there for a few day's. And as it is situated only 10 min's walk from the underground station it's quite easy to get around.The rooms was large enough, and as usual in Holiday Inn hotel's, clean.However they had some problems handeling large numbers of guests at breakfast. Cup's, glasses etc did run out, and it did look like they had no extra. So guests had to wait until glasses and cups had been cleared from tables and washed.Also, the notes in the bathroom did say that if we need something like comb's etc, approach the staff. My wife needed a shower cap, but was told that as this was a Express by Holiday Inn, this items was not awailable. Well, they are available at other Express by Holiday Inn hotels in UK and other places.Otherwise, not a bad place to stay.	
Aug 17 2005	Nice hotel great value	I spent 5 nights at this property in mid-August 2005. As already stated in the previous reviews the hotel is located a 5-minute walk from Canning Town tube/DLR station. The neighbourhood is not impressive. A lot of construction going on, abandoned warehouses and low-income housing, but the street from the tube station to the hotel seemed safe to me. The hotel was also undergoing a construction which would provide an expansion of the building. I was not in my room during the day so I don't know if it got noisy. The hotel building is nice, new and clean. The rooms are nice, practical and clean, only the single beds were a bit narrow for my taste. Some of the staff is well trained and very nice, others have a language problem (they don't understand even basic questions) and some girls were not particularly friendly. Compared to other Express hotels by Holiday Inn this hotel is not very good with breakfast. The choice of items is limited and very inconsistent. There was no fresh bread one morning at all, no cheese on 3 mornings out of 5, no fruit on one morning. And I always had breakfast as soon as it started so items couldn't have run out. The other deficiency I noticed was the negligent housekeeping. On 4 nights it was fine but on one night we were not given any fresh coffee cups, plastic cups, fresh bathroom rug and new toilet paper. The prices at this hotel are very reasonable and you pay less and get more than at the more in-town hotels. If you don't have a problem taking the 25-minute tube ride to the center every day then I recommend this hotel.	
Aug 6 2005 	excellent chain of hotels	we stayed one night and found it to be very clean and the staff were very freindly and helpfull. From experience I would only recommend this chain of hotels to stay in when in Loncon. My background is in catering and I would never stay in any of the bed and breakfasts in london. You will pay the same but not get the value and excellent standard of service and cleanleness.	
Jul 6 2005	Very good budget London hotel	Stayed for 3 nights and got a good deal by booking in advance ($110 for 2 adults and 2 children). The free breakfast was good and saves money for families. The room size is small for US standards but adequate. New building with individual A/C and bathroom in each room. The staff was very friendly and helpful and gave us an iron which we kept for three days. The hotel is in walking distance from Canning town tube station on the Jubilee line. If you are coming from Heathrow airport it is about 50 minutes but central London where the attractions are, it is only about 20 minutes. We enojyed our stay at this hotel, I will gladly recommend to anyone. Mohan	
Jul 3 2005	Clean basic - great value for money		
Jun 20 2005	Fantastic Value for $$$		
May 30 2005	Reviews are accurate		
May 5 2005	nice hotel but quite a distance from londontown		
May 2 2005	Construction construction construction . . .		
Mar 11 2005	great location		
Dec 6 2004	Great Choice		
Sep 1 2004	Excellent choice		
Mar 14 2004	Great Deal		
Jan 7 2004	A great find		
Aug 16 2009 	Buon hotel peccato per la posizione		
Jul 11 2009 	Tra i peggiori della catena		
May 12 2009 	Ottimo Hotel rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Jun 24 2008 	ottimo albergo rispetto alla media londinese		
Sep 26 2007 	Perfekt für London-Kurztrip		
Jun 22 2007 	gute Lage für Excel		
