May 20 2009 	Small room is an understatement	I stayed at the Boulevard Hotel with a friend of mine last year. The location is sensational, and the neighborhood was very safe. I had been traveling in Europe for about a month and a half when I got there, and the size of the rooms was unbelievable. Only one of us could walk in the room at a time, it was SO cramped. The bathroom was tiny, and it was nearly impossible to shave my legs. The staff was clueless half the time, although friendly. In addition, they charged me about $80 just to get a phone line in the room to make a local call. I was upset that I had paid so much for such a disappointing room. Believe me, I had stayed in small rooms but this one was absolutely INSULTING.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Value Overall Nice Hotel	I stayed here with a friend, who was visiting from out of town. Yes, the rooms are small -most hotel rooms in large cities are small. The rooms were very clean (their beds were so damn comfortable), the room was affordable (ask if you can have the triple, it's bigger and the same price as a double), and the location - awesome. I don't regret staying here and actually recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Only problem, they're not handicap accessible, so don't stay if you are unable/unwilling to walk up stairs.	
Aug 26 2008 	not what we expected	We had previously stayed at the Boulevard Hotel, Paddington, and found it to be clean, modern, and well worth the money, which included continental breakfast.A year later we returned to find the hotel in the middle of a takeover by easyjet(everything bright orange) but had not been told this on booking. The room was small, the wardrobe had gone(we were left with 2 coathangers), and everything was bright orange(not for the fainthearted).Also around us were building materials and paint.When we went down to breakfast on the first morning we were told it was not at the hotel but we could have a voucher for McDonalds down the road(not appealing at the best of times).I just feel we should have been told about the refit and lack of breakfast and then we could have made the choice of whether to stay or book somewhere else.The only saving grace were the polite staff.	
Aug 20 2008 	Stay Somewhere else!	Upon arrival to this Hotel I was immediatley dissapointed. The pictures on the website make it look like a Modern Little Boutique Hotel. This is not the case at all. I should have known, the reception staff were rude to me when I called two weeks prior to confirm and I hoped they were just having a bad day but unfortunatley that was just their level of service. There are no elevators so after 30 hours of travelling from Australia we had to carry very heavy suitcases up a flight of stairs with no assistance or even an offer. The room was so small, that I had to get on the bed for my husband to walk past. The bathroom is so small that you can sit on the toilet and brush your teeth over the basin at the same time! All the double decker buses stop outside and passengers were able to look into our tiny little room so we had to close the curtain and unfortunatley the lighting was very bad. I was happy to look past all of this because I was there to enjoy London and really just wanted somewhere clean to sleep, but the service from the staff was so bad, and they were unaccomodating with the few simple requests we had. We were ready to leave after the first night but did not want to loose the money we had already paid. The hotel's cafe was under construction (which we were not advised of) so the choice for breakfast was vouchers to macdonalds or to a 5 star cafe down the street that offered 1 piece of toast, nicely decorated though! Seeing as though we were in London to enjoy this gorgeous city, we had booked early morning tours and the hotel refused to offer us our breakfast vouchers before 7.30am, so we had to get our own breakfast as we had to leave the hotel at 7am. For a depature only 30 minutes earlier they would not offer vouchers or explain why or even try to accomodate. I was so surprised that a hotel in Paddington with so many other hotels and competition in the area would not even try slightly to please us. We loved London and would go back there, but would not stay at this hotel. It is not worth the hassle. It had a great location, but it is still not worth staying here.	
Aug 16 2008 	Dont bother with the Boulevard	It was a mistake booking at the Boulevard Hotel. We were on a limited budget this trip because of the currency conversion and therefore we looked into several options and chose the Boulevard because the web site made it look particularly attractive and most of the reviews we looked into showed pretty favorably. What we found upon arrival, however, was that the hotel web site completely misrepresents itself. it certainly will not strike you as &quot;modern&quot; when you see it. We knew it would be small but we had no idea that small meant microscopic. We also booked a larger room but were told upon arrival that the one we asked and PAID for (no refund) was no longer available. &quot;we have a very nice room for you in the basement..LG1 would do&quot; To compound the problem we didnt feel comfortable just leaving and striking out on our own looking for something else either so we felt trapped into staying. To preface: we are not big people. That said, my girlfriend and I could barely squeeze our two bags in the room together and when one of us was up and moving, the other had to sit on the bed to free up enough floor space so that the other could navigate. Just rediculous. The bathroom was so small that I couldnt bend over to shave or wash my face without showering the floor with water. The staff apparently knew that because on the first day they placed a bath towel down upon the floor to help control the challenge. The fact that the sink was approx 8 inches wide didnt help. My poor girlfriend couldnt even shave her legs in the shower because she simply couldnt stand inside and lift her leg at the same time. Think RV or Camper trailer bathroom. Its that small folks. We also read over and over about how friendly and terribly helpful the staff was. Forget that too. They are on site and more often than not, awake while setting at the front desk. They are NOT enthuesiastic or welcoming. Actually one person was and we saw him pretty often while staying there but he was the day staff and we were always out from about 9 am so we didnt have much interaction with him unfortunately. The other three people we met were simply vacant. One evening we were out of towels and my girl friend went to the front desk to see if she could obtain some more. The was greeted with &quot;what do YOU want?&quot; and a scowl from this middle eastern fellow manning the front desk......feeling very uncomfortable, she came back down to the shoe box and explained what happened. I returned up stairs with her and made sure that he fully understood who was the guest here and that he would quickly applologize to her. He reluctantly did but it wasnt genuine. I was REALLY unhappy about this....The next morning I told the day staff what happened and we never saw him again. The pros / the room was cleaned every day / it really was tidy, just spectacularly small / it had recently been renovated and looked new- think Ikea / the location is great and very close to Paddington Station tube and rail lines / its a ten minute train ride from Heathrow / there are lots of good restaurants in the area and a good selection of traditional pubs to lounge in / its a ten minute walk from Hyde Park and Kensington Palace area / you can walk to most tourist sites if you really want to / and there is an outstanding restaurant about 50 feet away that serves new British cuisine (why its there I have no idea because it seems out of place in this neighborhood). The cons / we felt that the hotel misrepresented itself and that we werent given the opportunity to make it right / construction within the hotel that would wake you up at 8 am whether you wanted to be up or not / a completely disinterested staff / its now called &quot;easy hotels.com&quot; that was written on our door! / no phone / no desk or furniture of any kind within the room / absolutetly no room to move around / no breakfast or place to sit and enjoy breakfast as is shown on the web site / we had to take a voucher to McDonalds if we wanted to fulfil their commitment to provide a &quot;continental breakfast&quot; so therefore if you are good with egg and bacon sandwiches and terrible coffee every morning you will love it / theTV remote didnt work and no one could figure it out for us so if we wanted to change the TV channel we had to climb over our suitcases to do so / no closet to hang anything up in / no iron or board to press your cloths that you couldnt hang up.....you get the picture. If your a single person and simply want a place to lay your head for the night, dont mind being dissapointed and cheated a little bit, you might like the Boulevard/Easy Hotel. Otherwise, spend the extra 25--50 pounds a night and get a real hotel. There are 100 within a mile of Paddington. Now we know and wont make the same mistake twice.	
Jun 26 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	I am just back from my stay in London (23rd -25th June 2008). I was supposed to stay at the boulevard but when we arrived at the hotel we were told by staff that due to water leakage the rooms had to be renovated so we would be moved to a hotel further round the corner. After arriving at the next hotel we were told by staff that we would not be staying there either, so we were moved further again. on arrival at the next place we were told that we would have the BASEMENT room. We decided to look at the room before deciding to stay or not. The bathroom was smaller than the toilet on a plane.NO JOKE. there was no way anyone would have been able to shower in it. To worsen things the room actually had a door leading on to the street. That was the final straw. We then had the task of trying to find a hotel with vacancies which was not easy as it was wimbledon week so everywhere was full. We came across the castleton hotel but unfortunately it was booked up but the very kind manager MARK rang around hotels and found one that could accomodate us for the two nights.Our new hotel was the lancaster court hotel which was 10 times better than that of boulevard. I would definately recommend the castleton and lancaster hotel.perfect location to all the top attractions especially oxford street, marble arch, hyde park. DO NOT GO TO THE BOULEVARD HOTEL.	
Jun 19 2008 	Avoid this place!	This place is a rip off. We made the mistake of booking through the hotel websute and it has a non-refundable, non-cancelable policy for any reason including a family death! We booked on the basis of positive reviews from this website. Big mistake!Impossibly small room - my husband was able to stand and touch both walls (average size man). No way to wash your face without sitting on the toilet. Noise all night long on the stairs and a porn shop on the corner. We were unable to open my suitcase and stand on the floor at the same time!	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice but could have done better	I stayed there for 4 nights, and was not very happy in the end, as for almost the same price you can go to Chrysos. The rooms are extremely small, but comfy. The furniture is quite old, and the mattress is very puffy. Next to the bed was a small &quot;bar&quot; where surprisingly was a coffee machine, but never used it. The bathroom is more than small, and if you are claustrophobic, better try another hotel. The air van from the bathroom would go on for more than 15mins after you turned off the light (imagine this after a long day of walks around town and shopping). With regards to the breakfast, I could say there was almost none. I usually don't eat in the morning, but my boyfriend does and he would make me go on a little adventure to McD. After breakfast (which surprisingly is Continental breakfast - and I've never seen a continental breakfast so insufficient). The stuff doesn't speak very well English (though it may sound strange cause you're in London), but in the end you manage to make yourself understood. The good thing with this hotel is that is very close to Paddington station, and in front of the hotel there is a small park. You also have an Indian Cuisine restaurant next to the hotel's entrance that I suggest you don't go to very often though the food is ok, but they will make you pay more than you would expect.	
May 20 2008 	Comfortable 	The photos on the hotel's website are quite misleading, especially the reception which was unrecogniseable from the photo. However, after reading reviews before our trip we were prepared. Despite the bedroom and shower room being very small, which was sufficient for three nights, we found the room to be confortable, warm and very clean. The towels were changed and the room cleaned every day, which was great and the young male receptionist was helpful and friendly. The hotel is in a great location. We didn't have breakfast but presume it's still in the cafe around the corner as there is no breakfast room at the reception, where there is building work going on. We found this hotel to be good value for money and played a large part in a very enjoyable stay in London.	
Apr 21 2008 	good little hotel	I've been using the Boulevard hotel 1-2 times a year since 2004. I usually fly to London for a long weekend for some shopping and cultural pleasures, travelling either alone or with my hubby. I have always been content with the price/quality ratio, and this trip was no exception. The Boulevard is a small, modern hotel, and is, like most of small hotels in London, situated in an old townhouse. The rooms are tiny, but clean and functional with Scandinavian style modern decor: light wood, laminate floors, flat screen tv etc. The bed in double rooms is a queen-size one, and in single rooms there's a single bed. The beds are comfy and the bedlinen has always been immaculately clean. There is a small cupboard/dressing table unit (with a hairdryer) in each room, but that's about it regarding the storage space. If you have a lot of luggage, you might want to consider one of the bigger double rooms. There are coffee/tea -making facilities in each room. I've usually had a room at the back where it's quieter, but had no trouble sleeping in a room facing the street. But if you are a very light sleeper, bring earplugs. There is also some noise from the corridor, but only occasionally. (Having said that, during my last visit the floorboards in the room above creaked when the occupant walked there, but it was not that bad).The bathrooms are really tiny, but clean and feature everything needed. The showers have good water pressure and enough hot water. There are soap/shower gel dispensers and towels are changed daily.During the last year or so, the hotel's owner has apparently changed. The rooms have also had a small facelift (new curtains etc), and the prices have gone up slightly. Previously, the hotel reception area acted also as the breakfast area (breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, coffee/tea, juice), but in March 2008 the reception area was under renovation and we got breakfast coupons for the cafe next door instead.In most cases, the hotel staff has been friendly and informative, and they have let me store my bags for the day at the reception after the check-out if I've had an evening flight home.The Paddington area is filled with restaurants &amp; pubs and the transportation links both to Heathrow &amp; city centre are excellent: Paddington rail station and several tube lines within 5 mins walk. There is also a handy bus connection, line 23, that runs to Liverpool Station 24/7 for easy access to the Stansted Exporess and Stansted airport. The bus stops right in front of the hotel.This hotel is perfect for someone that is looking for a comfy place to sleep in, but does not want much more from the hotel. The rooms are suitable for max. 2 people with not that much luggage. There's no lift at the hotel, so be prepared to carry your own luggage up the stairs. I recommend this hotel for independent travellers, tourists and other people who are looking for a clean, reasonably-priced place to stay.To sum it up: nice little hotel with small but clean rooms. Good connections. Know what to expect, and you'll like it.	
Apr 8 2008 	STAY AWAY - trust me	DO NOT STAY HERE. The photos on the website are nothing like what the actual hotel is. Small rooms - I am 5'9&quot; and I could easily reach one side of the room with my hands and one side with my feet. You can barely fit in the bathroom and there is no room for luggage. The breakfast was horrible and the staff barely spoke English. BEWARE.	
Mar 10 2008 	Tiny But Ok	My partner and I stayed at the Boulevard Hotel for 2 nights in early February 2008. The hotel is very close to Paddington station, which was very convenient. It is also close to Hyde Park, Oxford Street and other attractions. When we first walked into the reception we realised that it was not a very big hotel and we had some trouble with our 2 large suitcases in the reception area. There is no elevator in the hotel so we had to lug both of our 20kg suitcases up 4 flights of stairs. The hallways are also tiny - 2 people can't walk together side by side.Our room? Well, I think the word small is not really appropriate - tiny maybe closer to the truth. We had trouble opening 2 suitcases at once, it was basically impossible to do. There was a double bed in the corner and almost directly next to the bed was the door to the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in my life! We could not fit the two of us in the bathroom at one time - it was just too small. Having said this, the bed was comfortable and the room was clean, and as we didn't spend much time in the room while we were in London, the size wasn't much of an issue for us. If we had've been staying for longer, we would have asked if they had any bigger rooms. The room also had a TV with lots of channels to choose from.The reception area is also the breakfast area and is not very big. They would have trouble if more than 10 people came down for breakfast at once. The breakfast was included in our room cost, and consisted of cereal, yoghurts, bread and a selection of fresh pastries, which were nice and tasty. Staff were friendly at breakfast and happy to serve you hot drinks.If you are fit, I would recommend walking from the hotel to the tourist destinations in the area. There is alot to see along the way and the hotel is close to some local attractions. As we had a late departure from London, the hotel were good enough to hold our bags for us - but we did have trouble fitting them into the room at reception!	
Mar 9 2008	Small rooms but very nice and clean	These rooms were pretty small but they were still very nice for the price. Everything was freshly renovated and all the furniture and electronics were new. The &quot;breakfast&quot; you get at the cafe down the street isn't anything more than just tea and some toast. The service was good and everyone at reception was extremely friendly. It is pretty close to a metro stop which was nice because it isn't close to any major attractions. I would stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Change to breakfast	We stayed for one night on the 17th February 2008. This hotel currently has building work going on and there is no breakfast room. When you go down to reception in the morning you are given breakfast vouchers and directions to a restaurant. We had expected a continental buffet breakfast, what we got was &quot;help yourself&quot; vacuum flasks of hot water and coffee (various teabags also provided) and a plate each with one slice of toast cut diagonally into two and a warm crumpet. Butter and pots of jam are on the table.My partner is diabetic, so we had to purchase extra food, as this wasn't enough for him. This arrangement seems quite new, so it could be teething problems, but the restaurant service was very slow, so bear that in mind, if you have business meetings to attend.Hotel room was clean, although the floors in rooms and corridors are laminate, which produce a lot of extra noise that carpets would have deadened.	
Feb 11 2008 	Good stay	You certainly get what you pay for. The room (204) was the smallest room I have ever stayed in. How they managed to get the double bed in there will remain a mystery. I could honestly touch both sides of the room walls at the same time. Definitely don't bring much luggage....But.... what was left of the room was spotless. Some street noise, but that's to be expected in a very central London location - not even 5 mins walk from Paddington in a safe area.I would stay here again, but may ask for another room, as there couldn't possibly be an equally tiny room???!!	
Jan 8 2008 	It's O.K. but..........	We have just spent our third stay at this hotel. This is how it stands at the moment. We are people in the hotel industry and try to be fair on both sides. Our stay N°1 was just after the refurbishment and reopening about 4 years ago. Taking into account the small rooms and bathrooms, our stay N°1 was O.K., even though the hand basin and shower leaked. One year later, stay N°2, was bad. Walls were badly marked and dirty, hand basin and shower leaked (not the same room), bed linen was worn out and they had done nothing about the general wear and tear. We said 'never again'. So why stay N°3 ? We got the impression that they had tidied up the place and had put double glazing on the windows (the hotel is on a busy street and bus route). From their promotions, we picked up a good price for our four day stay. I had promised myself that if it was like our second stay, it would be check-in and straight away check-out. For our travels we only use hotel rooms for sleeping as we are avid tourist and spend all day and half the night out and about. We found on stay N°3 (Jan 08) that it was O.K. They have made efforts and appear to be making efforts to keep the standards up (two star level). Our shower leaked again and after asking for two days, they finally gave us a sheet to put on the bathroom floor so that we didn't have to stand in water. We had forgotten about the size of the rooms. WARNING We don't recommend this hotel for people over 80 kgs (220 pounds). People above that weight will have problems using the bathroom and passing in the room. We are in the region of 70 kgs (220 pounds) each and we have to work out a plan to pass one another in the room. Think of a camping car and that will give you an idea of the size of the room and bathroom. We travel light but if you have more than one suite case plus hand luggage, you'll have no room left in the room to move. Positive side of the hotel ....location, price (if negociated) décor that is modern and a pretty good continental breakfast which is included in the room rate. If you are over the weight we quoted, explain and see if they can help you with a room a few inches bigger (or take two rooms). I think the size of the bathroom/s will be the same. We may stay there again, but we won't if we can find something better for the price and in the same location (a very difficult task in London). The breakfast and housekeeping staff have always been super. Management and reception are not quite up to the same standard.	
Dec 25 2007	good but a little tired	Nice little hotel. Clean and contemporary but begining to show wear and tear. Blinds don't work shower leaks bedding getting a bit tired and stained.Come on guys it was great when you first opened but I feel your getting lazy and just taking the money.You need to lick it back in to shape.I'd still stay there but please don't take the P....	
Nov 26 2007 	excellent value	I recently had an overnight layover in London: my husband booked a single for me at the Boulevard while I was out of cell/i-net access range so I didn't have any idea of what to expect. The Boulevard is very easily accessible in its location near Paddington Station: I arrived late in the evening and felt safe walking alone through the area. I was very pleased with the room, regardless of its compact size. The floors and built-in closet/desk/coffee shelf were a bright light wood. The bed was uuber comfy as was the plush comforter for the chilly night (the window was right next to the head of the bed and there was a little draft). The bath was very clean and cute, and both the hairdryer and the small flat screen tv hanging at the foot of the bed were bonuses.Before heading back to Heathrow on the Express (which was also very handy), I was able to enjoy a quick croissant, juice &amp; cappuccino (included in the room price) in the hotel's simple lobby/cafe. I plan on trying the Boulevard again on a future visit to London. I was very impressed with the hotel considering its economic price.	
Nov 9 2007	Nice trendy hotel	We paid a really reasonable rate for this room in comparison to other 3* hotels in the same area. The hotel is small and the rooms are really compact but they make the most of the little space with really modern furnishings.The shower was the best ever, really warm and powerful! They do have hairdryers in the room but they're not that good, so if really need one take your own.It's an all no smoking hotel, so you can't smoke in your room either.Breakfast is basic (toast, cereal, croissant) but more than enough to start you off. The hotel is really close to paddington station and underground, so no need to get a taxi. There's an off liscense near by that sells everything, a few pubs ( beware they stop serving at 11pm on the dot) and lots of places to get food right on the doorstep. On our departure day, they let us leave our bags behind reception whilst we made the most of our last few hours.	
Nov 7 2007 	Excellent stay	The hotel was even better then the reviewsPerfect location with easy access to Hyde park, Oxford street, London eye etc.....It took us only 15 mins from Heathrow airport to hotel and there was 24 hrs buss accessI read some reviews about noice from street while is it not true and I think the reason is they have constructed all new windows with double glazing and sound proofI will definately staff in this hotel if I go back to London	
Nov 4 2007 	Excellent value for money!	Amazing value for money from this fantastic little hotel. Just returned from a two night stay. The hotel was situated in a fantastic location approx 2 mins from Paddington station. They let us keep our bags their on our final day which was a massive plus. The only reason I wouldnt give this place five out of five is the fact its right by a bus stop so a little noisy. The rooms are tiny but extremely clean. Will definately be returning!	
Oct 6 2007 	Don't waste your money	We, two singles (late-20s/early-30s), booked a 6-night stay in a standard double room at the end of Sept '07. The Boulevard Hotel is in an undeniably fabulous location 2 min from Paddington Stn but, sadly, that is all there is to recommend this closet-sized dump.THE ROOMA steep, three-flight climb up the narrow staircase found us in a room no larger than a prison cell. Immediately to the right of the room entrance is the bathroom, in which one has about 2 ft sq. to manoeuvre. The sink was so small (1 ft wide) that I couldn't wet my face without also wetting my feet. The glass shelf over the sink was placed so that a false move could bring your forehead crashing into it. The drainage in the sink was so poor that you could only leave the tap on for about 15 seconds before it filled up, after which you had to wait 5 min for it to drain. The shower stall was standard, but water leaked onto the floor. Without a bath mat or towels other than a bath towel to mop it up, this presented a bit of a problem.Moving into the room, one finds a double bed. The space beside the bed is just wide enough for one standing suitcase, as is the space at the foot of the bed. The vanity is in a little alcove to the left.CLEANLINESSThe sheets on the bed seemed reasonably clean, though the mould near the bottom of the shower stall was a little worrisome. We didn't look in or use the kettle provided, but used one of the spoons for a chocolaty dessert one evening. We left it well away from the mugs so that the staff would know that it had been used. Imagine our disgust when we pulled the spoon out from the mug to use the next day and found sticky chocolate on the tip of the spoon. The cleaning staff also repeatedly left the shower dripping after tidying the bathroom so that we would return to the room to find water splattered all over the bathroom floor. When a call was made to reception, the staff member merely handed me a towel, with no apologies and no offer to mop the floor for me.THE HOTELTwice, our key stopped working on the door. The second time I made the three-flight journey to the reception desk to have it reset, the staff member greeted me with, &quot;Oh, let me guess, your key isn't working.&quot; &quot;Yes,&quot; I said, &quot;how did you know?&quot; &quot;Oh, it happens all the time. Our security system is reset every day.&quot; &quot;Isn't that somewhat of an inconvenience?&quot; &quot;It's for your own security.&quot; I asked him to set it so that I could keep opening my room door for the duration of my stay, which he did. Clearly, the hotel can set an expiry time on cards; why not set it for the day you check out?There is zero soundproofing on the room doors. Indeed, all fellow travellers could be heard in the hallways, their doors opening and closing sounding as if it were your own. The bathroom door was not large enough for the door frame, allowing sounds to be heard from in there, too.It needs to be mentioned that on our second night, the hotel's fire alarm system malfunctioned, causing the alarm to sound 6 times between 3:30 am and 8:30 am. The alarm consists of a siren that sounds for 30 seconds before all of the lights in your room are turned on. The night staff failed to call the alarm maintenance people during the night because &quot;they wouldn't come anyway.&quot; Neither compensation nor apology was offered.I have put up with small inconveniences in my stays in various hotels throughout Europe, Asia, Australia, and North America. Never have I come across such indifferent staff. It was the staff members' complete unwillingness to help to take an extra step that sets this hotel apart from the many that I have stayed at.	
Sep 7 2007 	Wouldn't recommend.	When we checked in the room was still dirty and in a state of disarray from the previous occupants (bed unmade etc) and we had to wait at reception while they hastily made the room up. The room itself accommodated little more than the bed and nothing else.When we discovered the head of our electric toothbrush had been broken by hotel staff we advised reception that day and had to chase for most of our stay to get it replaced. They weren't interested, despite it being - by their own admission - their fault. They were reluctant to shell out the paltry £7 for replacement heads and we had to hang around an extra hour when checking out while the rude staff went out to purchase replacements for us (rather than just give us the money to do this ourselves!). The situation resembled pulling teeth rather than cleaning them!The only thing the hotel had going for it was its price and location very close to Paddington station and underground.	
Sep 7 2007 	great place	very good place. value for money in london. in london for this price you simply can not do better. small room but modern, wood floors, lcd tv with sky, nice breakfast. great great great staff. request a non smoking room as mine smellt a bit of smoke but this hotel is a must in london on a budget.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great place location perfect for our stay	My wife and I stayed here for a few nights and it was a great hotel. The rooms were small, but given that we just needed a room to put our luggage down and sleep, it was great. Beds and bathrooms were clean. Coffee pot and chocolate biscuits in the room were a nice touch. Breakfast was good and there was a nice foyer to enjoy the hotel's coffee, cappuccino, espresso, etc. Having a TV in the room helped so we can catch the weather for that day and also at night watch what the BBC had to offer. The hotel was not very far from our Tube stop, and the Tube stop (Paddington) was not very far from all the attractions we wanted to see. Across the hotel was a curry place, a take-away fish and chips, and a pub which had great beer, great atmosphere and an English breakfast. Plus the hotel was able to store our luggage when we had to check out early but catch a Scotland train later in the evening. Wake-up calls helped as well. And when the hottest day in England came round, our air conditioner kicked in quickly and cooled the room down to our relief. All in all a great place for the value. Would stay there again.Peter and Heather	
Jun 7 2007	Good Hotel and Excellent Location	When I arrived at the hotel the lady at the front desk noticed there was no single rooms in the back of the hotel available. She then gave me a double in the basement. My first night was terrible since I could hear footsteps from the restaurant above me. The next day they moved me to a single room on the third floor. I must say the room was very quite spacious for a single compared to other hotels that I stayed in London. There was plenty of room to walk around in the bathroom as well as inside the room. The room also had a closet to store your clothes. The entire hotel is clean and looks brand new. There is a 24 hour front desk attendant which will provide you will all guest services. One flaw is the a/c does not work at full speed. I had to take off the filter to feel the air. The hotel is not 100% perfect. But for $100 a night in the center of London you get a spacious clean room with a comfortable bed, a/c, friendly service, and a full strengh shower with 24 hour hot water. I travel every year to London and compared to all the other hotel at Norfolk Square and Sussex Gardens, this seems to be the best bargain. One tip- this hotel faces a busy street with ongoing buses. Therefore request a room in the back of the hotel and stay away from the basement.	
Jun 3 2007 	Superb value and location	If you are looking for a good value hotel close to Paddington station and bus routes into central London - this this is an excellent choice. I stayed here with my 5 year old and we felt very safe and well looked after by the supeb staff. The rooms are exactly as the web site - modern and clean. They are very small but if just want a bed for the night then the rooms are warm comfy and clean. We stayed at the front - our choice ,which was a little noisy ( bus stop outside) so would stay at the back next time. Breakfast was a bonus we didnt expect for the price and was good. Would definately go again and would recommend to friends.	
May 24 2007 	If you want a cupboard this is just for you	This building is a series of £90 a night cupboards not a hotel. The rooms are tiny. At best it's just manageable for one night. Book a double for one person and don't expect to unpack. In fact if you take a big case expect to either to leave it outside or be prepared to sleep on it..	
Mar 30 2007 	Excellent	This hotel the best in London.....i stay other hotel always this is first time in hotel boulevardstaff help me a lot..they gave me and my girl friend free londoan maps....help us booking tours 24 hour reception and very friendly staff always willing to help guest and i felt like i was home....so comfortabe they help me making phone to my brother and tell me how to make call using cheap calling card newly refurbish.....excellent location 2 mins talk to station nice and safe area.....can walk to hyde park and oxford street.....24 hours bus accessi will surely go there again and again	
Mar 8 2007 	Basic clean friendly and reasonably priced. What's not to like?	I've been staying at the Boulevard Hotel 3 nights a week since November 2006, when my previous &quot;digs&quot; (The London House in Craven Hill) went into administration, closed down and kicked me out at a weeks notice.The Boulevard is quite small, with fairly limited facilities. It's basically a bed and breakfast establishment with all the rooms en-suite. The rooms tend to be on the small side as others have noticed, but I haven't had any real problems despite being a 16 stone, 6-foot-2 male. The decor is quite plain and restful - blond wood, laminate floors, cream walls. I think the building was refurbished a few years ago and it's definitely starting to show wear and tear, but I'm told that it has recently changed hands and the new owners are in the process of organising another refurb.I basically use it as a place to sleep when I'm in London for work, leaving after breakfast at about 9:30 am and usually not returning until after 10 pm. There's no lift and the stairs are quite narrow, so it's just as well I only have a small wheely case and a backpack - anyone with two weeks' luggage in a big case could have a difficult time getting to a room on the third floor. Also, the storage facilities in the rooms aren't huge - the wardrobes in particular are very small, so you might be living out of a suitcase for the duration. Again, not a problem for me with minimal luggage.Things I like: comfortable beds, controllable heating (and air con which I haven't had to use yet), excellent showers (a really nice, high pressure deluge!), really friendly and helpful staff, excellent location (4 minutes' walk from Paddington station), cleanliness (excellent), price (reasonable). Reception is open 24 hours a day which is great, since I usually check in quite late on my arrival night. Breakfast is a bit limited (white toast with butter and a selection of jams, croissants, cornflakes, orange juice with your choice of tea, coffee etc.) but they did have an arrangement with a small restaurant next door which does a &quot;full english&quot; for a small extra fee. Not sure if this is still going, however. To be honest, being picky I tend to take my own tea bags, granary bread and marmalade down with me and the staff toast the bread for me and so forth. Little things matter when you spend half your life away from home. :)Things I don't like: the rooms at the front of the hotel overlook a bus stop and have single glazed sash windows. This means that you can hear buses going past until very late at night, so for light sleepers it might be better to ask for a room at the back of the building. There is no internet access in the building - I have asked, and it's on the list of things to be done, but I get the impression it's quite a long way down the list. I find this annoying since I work in IT and I'm used to hot and cold running net access at all times, but then that might just be me. The fact that the floors are all laminate means an inconsiderate guest on the floor above can really spoil your evening by coming in late at night and banging around, but unfortunately there's not a lot one can do about it - luck of the draw. The breakfast room (which is basically the entrance foyer) is quite small (about 7 tables each seating 2-3 people) and at certain times can be completely full so you'll have to wait to sit down for breakfast - although in fairness this has only happened to me twice in 3 months. The bathrooms (really shower rooms) in each room are very small and I sometimes find it difficult to get close enough to the sink when shaving, resulting in water all over the bathroom floor.Things to avoid: a couple of the rooms are subject to a weird reverberating noise which sounds like an electric motor running in the next room for about 30 seconds every few minutes. This kept me awake and I've since asked never to be put in those rooms again!So, in summary, a reasonably priced, clean but basic bed and breakfast with great staff and a great location. A few niggles, but in general it's a nice little place to stay.	
Feb 9 2007 	Very small room and even smaller bathroom but charming!	Great location for the price - 5 minute walk to Paddington station which is a convenient line for shopping district and airport link. Everything about the hotel is compact and there are no lifts - our room was the smallest I have ever seen where we could touch both walls with arms outstretched but the bathroom was even tinier so your forehead touches the washbasin when you are on the toilet! The laminated flooring also proved to be annoying as it was very creaky. There is alot of noise from both the street (all rooms face the street and there is a bus stop outside the hotel - our window could not fully shut) and the hotel corridor. However breakfast was lovely with fresh croissants, Danish pastries, cornflakes and hot chocolate. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Aug 31 2006	Construction noise -- pneumatic drill from 9 am!!	There was really noisy construction next door when I stayed (laye August 2006) -- so you can forget about slepping past 9 am! And it looked like it was a long-term project. Also hotel staff disorganised and called me at 8:30 am to ask me when I was checking out. I have stayed at two nearby hotels called Norfolk Towers and Royal Norfolk and found them to be better than Boulevard -- don't be fooled by included breakfast: it's not much. Only plus at Boulevard is AC -- in case it's really hot.	
Jul 17 2006	never again	We stayed there only a couple of nights and our room was the smallest I ve ever been into,with a single bed which apparently there is called &quot;twin&quot;!The sheets and towels werent changed everyday as it is common and overall the room gave the impresion of dirty.The breakfast was quite poor with 3 slices bread butter jam coffe or tea orange juice and corn flakes,definitely not worth waking up at 8 for it.Anyways the staff was friendly and helpful.It was not very expensive and you get what you pay for but I ve certainly found better hotels for the same price or even less in London. For sure I aint gonna stay there again!	
May 30 2006	Duck into the Boulevard	I had done a fair amount of online research in advance of my one-night stop over in London and was glad to have discovered the Boulevard. My criteria: a low-priced, reasonably comfortable lodging in close proximity to Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express). I am happy to report that the Boulevard hit all the right notes. My 3rd floor single was just 50 pounds for the night (booked about 5 weeks in advance online) and it met all of my needs very nicely. Yes, the bedroom was quite small and the en suite bathroom was closet-like, but the spaces were well-designed and tastefully decorated. I slept okay, despite some moderate street noise (ear plugs recommended if you're a light sleeper like me). The room did not have any instructions regarding a wake-up call nor was there an alarm clock, so I set the alarm on my cell phone and that sufficed. Good thing, since I needed to catch a 5:30am-ish Express train to LHR. This was easily accomplished since the hotel is just 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station (from the right front entrance of the station, walk straight ahead to either platform 6 or 7; the Express ticket kiosk is right there and the trains leave every 20 minutes to Heathrow from 5:10am on). The neighborhood was decent and had I stayed in town any longer, I'd have likely explored the tree-lined residential area surrounding the hotel and the shops and food options nearby on Praed St. In summary, the Boulevard was ideal for one night, especially given that I was a solo guest, traveling light. Recommended!	
May 30 2006	Good Value for money!	After searching for a B&amp;B for weeks, I chose this one – and was I glad! Reading some scary reviews of lots of other B&amp;Bs, I felt this was the ‘least risky’. My criteria was: something within my budget, in Central London, that was safe and clean. It doesn’t sound like I was asking for much, but after reading about all the other B&amp;Bs, it was something of a challenge!For a B&amp;B, Boulevard Hotel exceeded my expectations. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The place was immaculate. The room was a bit small, but comfortable – everything was provided for. The location was very central. True to its claim, it had lots of exciting restaurants and cafes around the area. A lot of the interesting areas (Edgeware Road etc.) were within walking distance. I was also pleasantly surprised that quite a few places in the area offered cheap internet access. The Paddington Tube station was within a 5 minute walking distance.I was very impressed about the 24-hour reception service. The hotel was very safe and the reception was always manned. The staff always had a smile on their faces and were helpful in every way possible.The only disappointment was the breakfast. I was disappointed that the ‘Continental’ breakfast was really just a glass of orange juice, a pot of tea, and lots of toast with various jams and butter.Would I go again? CERTAINLY! In fact, it’s the only B&amp;B I’ll go to whenever I’m in London. If you’re on a budget and can’t afford the Ritz, I suggest you stay at the Boulevard Hotel.	
Apr 10 2006	Give Boulevard a go!!!!	Boulevard Hotel was perfect for a few nights stay! The breakfast was nice, with tea/coffee and orange juice, cornflakes and lots of toast with butter and jam. The rooms were on the small side, but clean, and the TV was ace! Great location, friendly staff and clean rooms made for a pleasant budget stay. Would book another stay with Boulevard, and I am hard to please!!!	
Oct 7 2005	Decent budget hotel.	As budget hotels go this one was pretty good. The room, although small, was modern and demonstrates a clever use of space as every nook and cranny was used for something. The bathroom, yes it is very small but clean and it had a great shower. The breakfast was ok, you cant really go wrong with toast and cornflakes though! My only problem was one day we returned to our room and the sheets had not been changed, or the bed made for that matter. They had been in the room as the duvet was thrown over the bed and new towels left sitting on the bed. All in all a good value hotel and at £160 for 3 nights in a great location, you get what you pay for.	
Jul 24 2005	Convenient 	We spent 3 nights at the Boulevard Hotel from July 15-18. We booked earlier this year &amp; confirmed via email with no problems. We were in Rm 101, a large double, that had a decent bed, a/c, a circulating fan, hair dryer, and the tiny bathroom that would make an airplane proud. Everything was clean when we arrived &amp; cleaned each day. Breakfast from 8 - 9:30 was simple, but filling: cornflakes, toast, juice, tea/coffee. Every room has a flower box, which was a nice touch. The neighborhood was quiet with lots of small hotels along Norfolk Square. Praed St. had several pubs, Indian restaurants, shops, and St. Mary's Hospital. The walk to Paddington Station was a quick block away -- getting on &amp; off the Tube (Bakerloo Line &amp; others) was simple &amp; painless! This was a good value for the money &amp; we'd stay here again.	
Jul 11 2005	Fleas!	My husband and I were covered in flea bites for days. They got into our luggage and we had to wash everything we own and spray our apartment when we got home. This hotel is filthy, DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Jul 6 2005	No hot water	I just returned from a very disappointing 7 day stay at this hotel. This was actually my second stay--the first was in March. The hot water furnace broke down on the 4th day and it still was not fixed when I checked out 3 days later. While the front desk staff were very pleasant, they didn't seem too concerned that everyone was taking cold showers. Plus, I was told a couple of times it had been fixed when it hadn't. And the management did not offer any compensation to the guests (the hotel was full). I had planned on making this hotel my London choice for future trips but not anymore.	
Jun 1 2005	Dirty gross disguesting. Please Read.	All I have to say is that when we arrived and pulled back our sheets at night, someone had clearly had sex on the bed (their were stains and public hair). No one had changed the sheets. We had to go downstairs, get new sheets, and change them ourselves. Considering this place is about $120 a night USD, I was having a heart attack. Horrible, small, the location isn't anywhere you'd want to hang out, all you do is take the metro to other places in London. I feel that London in general is a hard place to find a decently priced hotel on the USD and get your money's worth by any stretch of the imagination, but this was ridiculous, nearly ruined the trip.	
May 30 2005	Decent Place to Stay...	I stayed twice in the same week - there two days, gone two days, back for three days. Although I'd booked singles both times, the first time they put me in a &quot;small double&quot;, which they let me have because I wanted a room off the street. The second time I got a single, also in the back of the hotel away from the street. (A choice I definitely recommend if you can get it: the noise difference between the front and back of the building is substantial.) The rooms are, um, cozy even for one person in the &quot;small double,&quot; but perfectly functional if you just need a reasonable place to sleep. Each has its own air conditioner. I don't think anyone's told the staff that they need to clean the filters once in a while, though - I hosed down one set in the shower and afterward the box blew about three times as much air. :-) Turning the mattress helped with sleeping comfort - the &quot;foot&quot; end was higher than the &quot;head&quot; end, so I turned it around (no small trick in a single-sized room!) and remade the bed. Rooms come with towels and tiny soap bars: no flannels (washcloths) and no shampoo - bring your own. Housekeeping was OK - I certainly wouldn't describe the hotel as &quot;dirty&quot; at all. Noise from adjacent rooms is noticeable but not obnoxious, which is no surprise in a budget hotel. Norfolk Place is on several great bus routes - coming back from contral London the 15 bus drops off right across the street from the hotel, and going toward the center picks up right around the corner. (Norfolk is a one-way street...) Breakfast was corn flakes, white toast, tea or coffee, and orange juice of a sort. Perfectly decent, and the staff is very helpful. I thought the area was fine - lots of restaurants and pubs, newsagents, Paddington station nearby, etc. Edgware Road and Oxford Street are an easy walk, as is Hyde Park. The day I left I got up at 0450, was on the Heathrow Express from Paddington at 0510, and inside security at Terminal 3 by 0550. Very convenient.	
Apr 20 2005	Very small 	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, and we must say, our room and our bathroom were the smallest one in the world. It wasn´t very clean and the sheets were broken... The location isn´t bad.	
Apr 17 2005	Maybe One of the Best Bed 	I stayed here with my friend for 4 nights just a week ago. We booked one double bed at 51.00 GBP per night at special discount rate. Room: As many other people said, it was definately not the big - Yes it is indeed small or very small. The bathroom is also very small. The bed is big enough to sleep for 2 adults. The room was decorated as IKEA style - moden. The room was clean and was provided new towel and bedding sheets everyday during our stay.Facility: Room has*coffee/tea maker (but we never used because the kettle was too dirty to use)*hairdryer*flat screened TV (which had at least 20 channels)*wardrobe*air-conditioning (it was not working maybe it was April when we stayed)*shower/toilet (shower was very powerful and was able to get hot water anytime)Breakfast: We only had breakfast 1st morning. The breakfast was very very simple- 5 slices of toast (for 2 adults) and jam/butter, a glass of orange juice, a cup of coffee/tea. But there was also some cereal (optional). Staff: Friendly and helpful. Reception was open for 24 hours.Location: 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station. There were many restaurants nearby area - American, Chinese, Greece, Indian, Korean, Fish &amp; Chips, KFC, etc.... In overall, I would recommend people to stay this B&amp;B. I guarantee that you won't be dissapointed.	
Mar 24 2005	Excellent value and location	Stayed at the Boulevard Hotel on Praed Street for 5 nights in March 2005. The location is excellent--a couple short blocks from Paddington Station. The rooms are typically small and the bathrooms are even smaller, but very clean. Each room has air conditioning and a hair dryer. Breakfast is pretty sparse--tea, coffee, toast and dry cereal. Overall, this hotel is a terrific value for the price. The staff are very helpful and friendly. They will store your luggage if you arrive before check-in. The only downside is there is no lift, so you have to carry your luggage up the many flights of stairs (up to 4 floors). There is a great sports pub on the corner called Fountain's Abbey. Good food at reasonable prices.	
Jan 6 2005	Small but cozy	I spent a week at the Boulevard in June 2004. I found it to be a convenient location. While the room was small, it contained everything necessary for comfort - including air conditioning- and the room was immaculate. Everyone on the staff was very helpful.	
Nov 10 2004	Very Accommodating!	For our first trip to Europe, the Boulevard Hotel was a delightful and comfortable place to stay. Our rooms were tiny, but manageable. My sister and I were looking for an affordable, safe place to stay, and we found one at the Boulevard Hotel. The rooms were clean, except for the comforter, with which we never used. The bathrooms were also clean, but very small. We did have a problem with our shower, but the staff fixed the problem that morning and everything was fine. But you do have to worry about the hot water at times. The best thing to do is take a shower at night or early in the morning, preferably before 7:30 am. The rooms have air condition and quite a selection of tv channels, which was fun to fall asleep to. Because the hotel is located in an accessible location for buses and the tube, there is noise from outside. That actually wasn't too much of a problem. We slept with the window cracked open, but the noise was not too bad. Also, all transportation was within walking distance, and we never had a problem with waiting for a bus for too long. The continental breakfast was also lovely. It was a light, but filling breakfast, and to be included in the price of the room, it was a great price. I do have to say that we miss the jam and the orange juice...they were really good. And overall, the staff were excellent. They were kind, accommodating, personable, and overall pleasant. We would definitly stay there again!	
Nov 9 2004	Great Value!	We stayed at the Boulevard for 5 nights this summer, and had a great experience. Yes, the rooms are TINY, but since we spent most of our time out on the town, we weren't bothered by the limited space. We especially liked the location - about a minute walk from Paddington Station, and with lots of fast food and grocery stores nearby. Our room was clean and tidy, and the staff was accomodating &amp; friendly. London is an expensive hotel town, and it was nice to find a safe and affordable budget option. My one and only complaint is that buses rumble right past the hotel all day and night. The solution? Get a room facing the back, or wear earplugs like I did.	
Nov 9 2004	A good value London hotel	My wife and I had an enjoyable 4 night stay in a small double at the Boulevard in June 2004.Yes, the room was small - but that's to be expected in London. It was clean, comfortable and well-furnished. The bed was comfy, and the sheets clean. Blonde wood furntiure with flatscreen TV gave the place a modern / contemporary air, contrary to the &quot;Ye Olde England&quot; decor that most London hotels aim for. Our room was relatively quiet, as we were away from the front. However, that meant the view from our window was straight into the room across the way. Just remember to close the curtains before you undress!The ensuite bathroom is, as others described, little more than a closet. A little acrobatics is required to move around in there. But it was newly tiled, clean and functional.The aircon unit in our room had been removed for some reason. In it's place was an ill-fitted piece of concrete. Thankfully it wasn't too hot while we were there so we had no need of it. Otherwise, it just took away from the overall charm of the room.Staff were very friendly and helpful, and the front desk is staffed 24x7. Breakfast was quite decent consisting of juice, toast and tea/coffee. Location was superb just a few minutes stroll from Paddington Station, and numerous buses around the corner. A pub and fish &amp; chip shop across the road. Some lovely Indian restaurants around the block and an internet cafe about 20 metres up the road.All up, a nice hotel at a great price for London. We'd stay there again.	
Nov 3 2004	Little Disappointed	I had a reservation to stay at the hotel for 5 days in mid August - needless to say, I only stayed for three. It was my first experience with hotels in London. Yes I fully expected it to be a small from all the reviews written here. The size didn't really bother me that much, it's just that I didn't find it very clean. The walls in the room were incredibly scuffed from suitcases and various other things banging into them over the years. There was left over wrappers and small garbage items in the corners of the room. Hair and crumbs on the floor. And to top it off, some sort of stain on my bed sheets. Oh yeah, the top comforter looked like it hadn't been washed in about 30 years! It stayed on the floor the whole time I was there. Didn't even want to sit on it. The dirt and stains on it was incredible! The plus - I paid the housekeeper 2pounds to put clean sheets on my bed. And she did. She didn't understand a word of English, but I figured the money would talk. The AC was aweseome! It was so humid and muggy mid August, that coming home to the cold room was great. And the shower had wonderful heat and water pressure, very rare for London. The TV was a nice comfort as well.My advice to those travelling to London or Europe for the first time from North America - This is NO WHERE near a Best Western or Days Inn that we are all familiar with. Customer service is very different here, and the cleanliness standards are so much lower than in Canada or the US. Stay at the hotel for it's location, cost and hot water - but stay far away from the bed comforter - you could catch a disease from that thing!	
Oct 4 2004	Great Location	We had booked in advance and had confirmation with venere.com for two large double rooms, but when we arrived the hotel had no reservation for us, and after a 24hour flight that's not what you want to hear!The hotel did the best they could, but that consisted of two tiny rooms. On the upside the rooms are very clean and the location is great!Overall great value for money in London! Just remember to check reservation a few days before!!Also, the Frontline cafe a couple of doors down from the hotel has good food.Cheers	
Sep 28 2004	Cheap but pleasant	I also read the review before my stay in the hotel for a night on September 11 2004 but i did not believe that the bathrooms could be quite that small! the bathroom in my parents caravan is bigger! but the room was very clean and nicely decorated with a 'new / clean' smell about it. We were given a large double as there was an error with our booking, so now i can see why the americans slated the rooms so much, if you are larger than average then you will probably feel extremely claustrophobic. I would definately recommend it for a cheap short stay, after all you cannot expect a palace for such a cheap price! The location was brilliant, only a 10 minute walk to Hyde Park. Staff friendly too and are really flexible with check in times	
Sep 11 2004	Cheap and Cheerfull	I stayed here for 3 nights with my boyfriend. I read the reviews b4 going but still didnt think the rooms would be so bad. I was wrong!!! The rooms are TINY!!!. The only good thing about the hotel is that the rooms are nicely decorated and its in an excellent location! We got there over an hour early but they still let us check in. When we got in our room there was hair all over the floor and even in the bed!! We had a small double but the room was nowhere near big enough for 2. You cant move in the bathroom, its like a aeroplane toilet! The sink is so small you can barely manage to wash your face in it!If your thinking about staying here I definately recommend you book a large double(im not sure how much bigger this would be!). Also request a room at the back of the hotel as the noise at the front is terrible, it keeps you awake all night!(its a 24hour bus route)I would recommend you stay here if your looking for a cheap and basic hotel that your NOT planning to spend alot of time in&gt;	
Sep 1 2004	Nice!	I stayed there for two weeks with my boyfriend. I was in the large double room, and it wasn't so large! It was very very little, but nice, with a great television and optimal AC! The shower was the only big place in the room! Unfortunately for two days there wasn't hot water, there was a problem that suddenly has been resolved.It was enough clean, even if one day they forgot to enter in our room, without cleaning. The only really bad thing was that they ever change our sheets, in 15 days...Breakfast was ok, bread with butter and jam, tea, coffee, milk, chocolate (don't take chocolate, it's terrible!), cereals and orange juice.The hotel is very well located, just 5 minutes walk from Paddington station and Tube.This hotel is cheap and nice, a rare thing in London.	
Aug 20 2004	Wonderful charming.... PERFECT!!!!	I don't understand some of the reviews on this place. We stayed 2 weeks, and everyday was PERFECT!!! They let us check in 30 minutes early, they reserved a room at the back of the hotel (as I requested), breakfast was on time, delicious, filling and free, plenty of hot water EVERY morning (that's rare in UK), great satellite TV, AC (also very rare), great location, staff was first rate but most importantly... clean!!!The staff was friendly, helpful, cheerful and very hard working!!! I have stayed in many hotels, and by far, they were the best!!!! I'm picky!!!! I like everything to be clean.... you could say I have issues. lol Room was cleaned DAILY! AC worked and worked well. The 14 days were there, the weather was very muggy and we kept the AC on all day while we were out, so we came home to a nice and cool room. TV was much better than other hotels... great stations (I believe there were 10) and the reception was great! Hot water in the shower EVERY morning!!! A huge plus and very rare!! Breakfast is served from 8:00 - 9:30 am every morning!!! It consists of cereal (if desired), a basket of toast (5 pieces cut in half) which you may have refills of if needed, orange juice, coffee, tea, milk, water or hot chocolate which my daughter said it was the best she'd ever had!!!Now, some people have complained that the rooms are small... this is true, however, this building and surrounding buildings, were built hundreds of years ago... (England, especially London is very old) so to say that they even have a shower is impressive, but one that works without constant repair is amazing!!!Now for the fish and chip shop across the road... called &quot;Mickey's Fish and Chips&quot;... DELICIOUS AND VERY WELL PRICED!!!! One order of chips is enough to feed two people for 1 pound!! The cheeseburger was 95 pence!!I know this review is a little long, but I agree with the last reviewer, you do need to &quot;understand what you are going to get&quot; fully, so you can make up your own mind!!! I have no trouble recommending this place to anyone!! I guess you just can't please some guests, so don't worry about the few negative reviews.	
Aug 2 2004	Cramped but Clean	We stayed here in what the hotel calls a &quot;Large&quot; double room. The positives: flat screen TV with best quality reception out of all the places we stayed in on our European vacation, neat and modern blond wood flooring, under $100/night, fair continental breakfast with good service (the breakfast room is small and you may have to wait a bit for a table). The negatives: tiny, tiny bathroom (do not drop the soap, you will not be able to pick it up. Think of airplane lavatory and that's what this is), no elevator (the stairs are narrow and equally cramped - thank God we were only on the second floor), no frills amenities, one side of the bed is pushed up against a wall to allow room to walk between the bed and the other side of the room.In summary, not a bad room for the price if you understand what you are going to get.	
Jul 21 2004	Very good job! Bravo!	Really good hotel.Very compact rooms but very well planned and furnished in IKEA-style furniture and at an incredibly good price for the quality. You pay much less than the hovels in Victoria for a spotless en-suite room complete with flat screen satellite TV, A/C and the lot. In addition, it is very well located, next to Paddington Station and a really good chippie! If managed well, this hotel good be the greatest competitor the new EasyHotel will have. Breakfast is continental however, but anyway who gives English breakfast in London these days?	
Jun 21 2004	Clean 	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel during a short trip to London in March 2004 and enjoyed it. The rooms were indeed small, but hey, if you're a tourist spending the overwhelming part of your time discovering the town, I don't think this should be an issue, much less b/c the beds are very comfortable. Unless, of course, you're fat, in which instance you risk getting stuck in the door or in the foyer. The room was clean and the bathroom was well-equipped. The location is excellent, the staff nice and friendly and the breakfast satisfactory. Having B&amp;B'd the whole United Kingdom over, I think that at this price, this is as reasonable a deal as budget-travellers can get in Central London. 	
Jun 13 2004	OK if you want cheap	Stayed at the Boulevard June 2004. Like everyone else has said, the rooms are very small - amazing they can cram 36 rooms into such a small bldg! Because we are a family of 4 we had two rooms - adults in basement and kids on second floor. Air conditioning was being worked on - so 2nd floor room was very hot during our stay. Hallways are tight so make sure your luggage is easy to manage. Not the cleanest place I've ever stayed. I would not suggest this hotel if you plan on staying in the rooms any length of time, but it is OK if you need a relatively cheap place to sleep. It is near tube and buses so it is easy to get around. Also, fish and chips place across the street was good.	
Jun 8 2004	Terrible	Room was a horrendous tiny little box, litteraly 6ft X 8ft and the bathroom was shockingly small, just incredible, how they manage to fit all they promise into what was obviously a former closet is amazing. also it is near a bus stop and the onwer feels no compunction about yelling loudly in a foreign tongue at all hours of the night.at least the location is excellent and the tv has more channels than most english hotels but there is a reason it's so cheap in such a good location.	
May 27 2004	Tiny but nothing a little coordination can't handle	It took us about an hour to find the hotel (which is a 5-minute walk from Paddington) oops. Tired &amp; grumpy from our long flight, we were ecstatic to finally find the hotel (turn left once you get out of Paddington Station &amp; it's on the second street on the right). Unfortunately, they wouldn't let us check in until 2 but they did hold our luggage while we got some lunch. Since there are no lifts, the two of us (girls), who packed enough for 3 wks for our 1 wk stay, struggled with our luggage up the steep &amp; tiny stairs (PIVOT). Our battle up the stairs was humorous enough, but the room was even funnier. Seriously, 15x7 at best. I could lay across the bed &amp; touch both walls. We did have a room at the front of the building, which was loud, but helped us get up in the morning to go sightseeing after those long nights in London. The bathroom is the tinniest thing ever. While washing your hair, you are almost guaranteed bruised elbows and washing your face takes mad coordination skills. Somehow, we were able to contort ourselves around the room throughout the week. Breakfast was pretty much coffee and toast. This hotel was definitely a part of our &quot;London Experience&quot; clean, cheap &amp; memorable. Who could ask for more?	
Apr 28 2004	Cheap and moderately comfortable.	The Boulevard is conveniently located two blocks from the Paddington rail and tube stations. The rooms are very small, and the en suite bathrooms even smaller. It is bare-bones, but the price can't be beat in London. The breakfast of corn flakes, coffee, and toast was uninspired, but filled the void and saved the cost of an extra meal in very expensive London.	
Apr 28 2004	Compact Clean and a bargain!	Great value for your money.I stayed in a single at the Boulevard Hotel last week for four nights. Considering what a hotel in London costs getting a really up to date, albeit QUITE small room, in central London is great. Situated a short walk from the Paddington Underground station, I had no trouble getting anywhere I wanted in the city.The room itself was clean and small. My room was located on the interior, with my window facing a sort of tiny courtyard. It let in light with no view, but I also didn't notice any of the traffic noise others have mentioned. If you're planning to spend a lot of time in your hotel room, it might be a little claustraphobic. However, if, like me, you intend to spend most of your trip exploring the city, it's perfect.I can't comment on breakfast as I was out each morning before breakfast was served. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful when I asked, for example, for wake-up calls. Would stay there again.	
Apr 26 2004	Cheap clean and well located	Boulevard hotel is a real bargain for London: cheap, clean and well located near Paddington and the tube (4 lines).We booked a small double room for 2. Of course, it is rather small but not smaller than my student room (so I am used to it). There's a bed with a shelf above it, a small table, a cupboard, a drawer and a desk with a stool. It's great to have one's own bathroom, even if it is small. The breakfast was perfect for us and the staff very friendly. The room was cleaned everyday.The only problem was the noise from the street. Rooms at the front are just in front of a very busy bus stop and the noise can really be annoying during the night.Something to know: there are three floors without lift!	
Apr 22 2004	Terrific choice for budget travelers		
Apr 13 2004	great location clean hotel		
Apr 5 2004	Small rooms but just right		
Mar 11 2004	Great for the price		
Feb 24 2004	Nice Inexpensive Place!		
Oct 27 2003	Real Bargain By London Standards		
Sep 10 2003	Great 'modern' hotel!!		
Sep 8 2009 	Sconsigliato		
Jul 31 2008 	Lo consiglierei		
Oct 30 2007 	Buen hotel para ir a Londres		
Oct 3 2006 	Aceptable para su precio		
Sep 26 2006 	angemessenes Budget-Hotel		
Sep 24 2006 	Amateurs de la propreté hôtel à éviter...		
