Mar 18 2008	Stinky - Oxford House	Filthy net curtains - filfthy carpets.Gross - Smelly toilets.Got sent to another building - climbed up flights of stairs - got to room only to find telly wouldnt work without remote. There was a note on the wall saying if I wanted to use telly I had to get a remote from reception. Why couldnt they give me one when I booked in????The only good thing about the place was the location!	
Oct 28 2007 	Good value	Stayed here over two years ago. I believe I paid 35 pounds a night for my double bed. Other than the manky headboard (seen in the photos), I found this place very clean and comfortable. Great value if you're just looking for a place to sleep and clean up while you spend your days out and about the city. Had to use the loo and shower either up or down half a stairway, but that's OK with me. Good breakfast too.	
May 8 2005	Oxford House Hotel - good value	My husband I spent 11 nights at the Oxford House Hotel, 92 Cambridge St, Westminster/Victoria (London) in April/May, 2005. We found the hotel entirely adequate for our needs and within our budget at £45/night for our double that included a substantial breakfast. Shower and toilets are either up or down a half-flight of stairs and are shared by 3 or 4 other rooms; we rarely waited for a shower, especially if we were up early. The hotel is well located in a very nice neighborhood full of similar hotels, within easy walking distance of Victoria Station, an excellent supermarket and bus line #24 which serves the central part of London. The hotel was acceptably clean though paint is needed on window sashes; places such as corners of the showers, under and behind faucets and the like could use some attention (I’m a corner cleaner!). Towels (no face cloths provided) were exchanged every third day. I found the heavy, flowery room odorizer a bit much but the smell didn’t pervade our room much, especially since we were able to leave the window open. Our room, on the street side, was very quiet; airplanes from Heathrow early in the morning were only a slight annoyance. We felt the hotel was good value for the money. Payment by credit card incurs a 5% cash surcharge. Phone: ----------- Fax: ---/---------	
Apr 25 2005 	clean hotel	I stayed in this hotel for three nights together with a friend, when I was in London for a conference. The room with two single beds was ok, clean. There is a sink in the room and if you don't mind a shared bathroom this is a good place to stay. Nothing for a romantic stay, but if you want to explore London it's good. Close to Victoria Station. Our room was on the frontside, but there is hardly any traffic in the street so it was quiet. I liked the english breakfast which was included, and I think it's pretty cheap for London. It's not possible to book the rooms via internet, you have to phone or fax them. I would stay here again if I was London	
Apr 9 2004	Small but comfy	My husband, 2 daughters and I stayed here 4 nights at the end of March. We had a double bed in one room and they had 2 wins in another. There is a sink in each room and bathrooms are shared on each landing. The bathroom on out landing was clean and appeared newly remodeled. Blow dryer in bathroom. There was also a half bath on the landing. Never had to wait. The rooms were very small but comforable and warm. Had a closet to put things in. Bed was not to hard (I know some people prefer hard mattresses, I don't.) Pay phone in the hall. They were a little tight with the towels. Each person given one bathtowel. No handtowel or washcloth. Teenage girls need more towels. I had brought an entra old towel along. The breakfast is included in the price and is hot and filling. Hotel is short walk from Victoria Station (about 7 min) on a quiet well-lit street. If you are only using a room to sleep while you are sightseeing it is a great buy at 45 pounds a night.	
