Sep 27 2009 	Kim and Aggie would not like it here.	Place really grotty. Good location and staff did their best. Good atmosphere in the pub. However, I would not return and I wouldn't recommend it	
Feb 3 2009 	Ideal for solo traveller	I stayed for 6 nights in a room above the pub. It had a wetroom with a loo and shower, a full length mirror, small bench, chair and lamp, and a double bed, facing a TV complete with Sky. It is a very small room, but ideal for someone who wants a place to sleep in central London, who does not want to hostel it. The building was quite secure, and the room was cleaned spotlessly each day, with towel and linen changes. Big props to housekeeping. Actually, all of the staff I spoke to were extremely pleasant and helpful. Continental breakfast each day was pretty good, with expresso coffee or a pot of tea.The downside is that my room, on the left hand side of a corridor, faced an alley way opposite airconditioning units from other buildings and exhaust pipes from various restaurant kitchens in the area, so if the window was left open, the room smelt faintly of burnt chip oil. And the window had to be left open, because of the oppressive heat, with one small portable fan.But all in all, it was a good experience, and for the price, you are not likely to get better in London.	
Sep 15 2008	location is the best point	I've been wanting to stay at this place for a long time, and finally managed to have a visit over the weekend. We asked for a room not on the street (noise) and were booked in number 2. Basically, the room was small, which is FINE. But it faced a noisy generator and the room was boiling hot. The heating was not on so we assume it was related to something outside or over the kitchen. (When I checked out I was told this had never come up, which my partner and I found stunning; it was stuffy and boiling and cool outside!) My main complaint is that the room was very sub-standard. If they had taken the time to make the room feel well cared for - extra nice bedding, a comfy bed (not one with springs sticking into my ribs), decent shower products - then I can overlook the other issues. Instead it was a big dingy and felt like staying in a hostel. for those who don't mind this is fine, but for those who feel spending $140 for a night is a lot, this will feel like a bit of a rip-off (and a bit depressing). The best point of course, is the location - walking out on to Portobello market on a saturday; and the continental breakfast was very nice and the staff very chill and relaxed.	
Aug 27 2008 	Good for solo travelers	The Gold is pretty close to Notting Hill tube and there are a couple of cafes and day market nearby. I was traveling alone but felt safe to be around the area. The room is small but reasonable, can't ask much with such price. The only downside is the foul smell from the bar downstairs but overall, it's a good choice for singles. Points that you'd like to know:1) It's clean2) Shower area is small but very clean -- There's a daily cleaner3) Don't expect hotel service but the staff are all nice and helpful4) No bugs or roaches so nothing scaryI'll stay there again when I'm back to London.	
Jun 25 2008 	A one-off!	Loved this funky, easy-going pub with rooms on the Portobello Road. It's about ten minutes walk from the tube at Notting Hill Gate and has a fab atmosphere. It's noisy and very laid back, so if you are looking for standard bland and anonymous, best go elsewhere. The rooms are small, some of them even tiny, but the staff warn you about that when you book. If you get the four poster room which we did, it's brilliant! The pub is right in the middle of the Portobello Road and you can either get the tube or pick up a bus from just around the corner.Breakfast is very basic, but it's included and if you want something more there are loads of cafes in the area. My only criticism is that the rooms are a bit careworn and could do with redecorating, but the place is otherwise very clean and well kept. There's no air con either, but you can always open the original and very rattly windows ( I loved them, but again, if it's souless and perfect you want, go elsewhere!). The wifi internet access was great too and worked fine for me with none of the problems mentioned in other reviews. I was on my own for a couple of nights until my boyfriend joined me and I felt safe and chilled out by myself. He recommends the olives from the bar, by the way! I found the service amazing, the mostly young staff were wonderful and I can't wait to go back -- which I will!	
Mar 1 2008 	Small but cozy; Great location	A lovely little inn! Located above a pub (but still very quiet at night), the room was small but felt cozy, not cramped and everything was very clean. Ensuite bathroom was really tiny but clean with a small shower stall, sink and toilet. There were a lot of stairs to climb to the rooms, so avoid if you require easier access. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and transportation tips. The location was great! We weren't there on a weekend so we missed the market but still were able to walk Notting Hill and Hyde Park. Plenty of restaurants around and the breakfast served downstairs in the morning was pretty good standard fare- toast, cereal, fresh fruit, juice, coffee/tea. We'll definitely return next time in London!	
Nov 29 2007 	A Place to Stay in Notting Hill - Portobello market area	Stayed here in Oct '07. Takes 10 mins to/from Notting Hill tube station. Except on Saturday where the crowd gathers around 9am-6pm, the neighborhood is quiet. The first two floors are a pub and manager office. There are 7 rooms on the third floor where we stayed. Room 0-3 facing the back of the building, Room 4-6 facing the front where the Saturday action is. The room is really small but clean with adequate amenities. Breakfast, self service, is ready at 8.30, comprises of bread, spreads, cereals, fruits, coffee/tea and millk. Services, provided when asked, are slow especially when the bar is open.	
Mar 24 2007 	Not your standard hotel but that's its charm.	My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights in Room 0 aka the Backpacker Room. The rooms at the PG are up at least 2 flights of stairs, so not suitable for the infirm. This is the smallest of the PG's rooms and has a slightly unusual bed arrangement: 1 single raised bed across the room, with 1 single bed (lower) lengthwise. This is a tiny room (approx 6'6&quot; x 9'6&quot;), so do not consider it if you feel claustrophobic. However it has everything you need: ensuite toilet and shower (more about that later), a curtained closet alcove, kettle, tv (small and high up), free wi-fi access and comfy beds. Room rate (£70 per night) includes a more than adequate continental breakfast (juice, fruit, coffee, cereal and toast). The negatives: slight draught from the window, and the traditionally english anaemic shower. The ensuite toilet/ shower room is an interesting arrangement: when you enter the narrow room, a small basin is on the right, a shower pan is immediately inside the door and the shower is above the basin. Then there is a step up to the toilet. If you have ever stayed in an english home, you will know that often the hot water pressure is considerably less than the cold water pressure: this makes balancing hot and cold output for a shower an art form, and this shower is no exception. Your choices are lots of cold water, or considerably less warm water: showering can take a while.How you respond to this &quot;inn with rooms&quot; depends on how you feel about the idiosyncratic: this is NOT a full service hotel. Personally, both my daugher and I loved the fact that it was above a neighbourhood pub, and the smallness of the room reminded us of being on a boat. Despite what other reviewers have said, I found the staff both friendly and helpful, and we both enjoyed our stay very much and would definitely stay there again. In fact, I hesitated about posting this review - I wouldn't want it to become so popular that I couldn't get a room next time!	
Dec 2 2006	It's OK but very overpriced- tiny room	We stayed here because we wanted to be in Notting Hill. That is the good part. It is right in the middle of Notting Hill near everything. The hotel is above a bar. We were worried about noise but it was fine. The room was the smallest we stayed in on our three-week adventure. The room was as wide as the bed's length. With only three steps to walk in next to the bathroom/shower it was a tight space. The shower head was right above the sink. Weird! The staff was nice and we ate/drank at the bar. The morning breakfast was free.	
Oct 28 2006	Overpriced Wardrobe!	I recently stayed in this hotel and was appalled at the size of the room. I have stayed in many hotels in London and elsewhere in the UK and have never come across such an excuse for a hotel room. As one reviewer mentioned there was room for an open suitcase on the floor and nothing else. The bathroom was so small that the shower water falls on the toilet and a glass door from the shower to the room gives absolutely no privacy. The noise of the air-conditioning unit directly outside our window kept us awake for most of the night. The person we dealt with in the bar was unfriendly to the point of rudeness. One final point there were no fire notices in the room and no sign of a fire exit even though we were 2 stories up and over a pub. There are far better hotels to be had in this area.	
Jul 11 2006	nice room above a bar	We enjoyed our stay at the portobello gold. The staff was friendly and made excellent coffee in the morning. For a continental breakfast it was pretty good, the atrium was a great place to linger over breakfast. It was located in a nice and safe neighborhood close to the tube station. We enjoyed the bar at night, they even stayed open a bit later to accomodate us. The rooms were definately small, but reading the other reviews that was expected. No A/C, which wouldnt be bad if we had normal London weather but we were there in the middle of a heat wave so sleeping in was not an option bc of the heat. OUr last night there was a Friday and it was a bit loud outside and hard to get to sleep.I would recommend this hotel to younger travelers who appreciate good coffee and beer and do not mind trading a tighter space for a cheaper price in London.	
Jun 13 2006	Great value great neighborhood	This is a great place place to stay in London -- as long as you understand what you're getting. This is not a hotel -- it's a pub that also happens to have rental rooms upstairs. So if you want a &quot;standard&quot; hotel with a front desk, cookie cutter rooms, dedicated hotel staff, etc. -- this isn't that kind of place. But if you like unique places with local color, this could be a good place for you. One the pro side, this is an &quot;only in Britain&quot; type of place. It's on Portobello road (home of the famous Portobello antiques street market) in the Notting Hill neighborhood. The neighborhood is *fantastic* -- lots of great little shops, wonderful restaurants / bars / pubs, newstands, etc. There aren't any hotels nearby, so you're surrounded by locals, not by other tourists. It was great to be able to come back to the room in the evening, freshen up, and then head out knowing you had dozens of great places to eat and hang out within a few minutes walk. The Gold is right in between two Tube stops -- it's a 10-12 min walk to either station -- and of the two stops, the Notting Hill Tube stop connects to both the Circle and Central lines, so it's super convenient to get into the core of London and the main tourist sites. You're also only a couple of Tube stops (or a 5 pound cab ride) from Paddington train station, which is convenient if you're arriving in Heathrow and you take the Heathrow express into Paddington. The pub itself serves food too, if you want to eat in house. I ate there twice -- first time the food was mediocre, the 2nd time the food was great, so I think it depends on what you order (they have huge menu). It was also nice to be able to get a drink at the bar and take it upstairs to your room, if you didn't want to hang out in the smoky / noisy pub. Note that the Gold doesn't serve breakfast, but there are multiple breakfast places (both sitdown and takeout) in the neighborhood. The rooms are very small, but they weren't any smaller than the budget hotel rooms I've stayed in elsewhere in Europe, Britain or New York City. Rooms were clean and had a TV (with cable -- movies etc), phone, insuite bathroom, hairdryer. The wireless internet in the room is very convenient if you bring your computer -- we used it all the time, the signal was strong and reliable. You can also use their two computers down in the pub for free -- but in the evening when the pub is crowded, it's kind of a hassle. Still, it's better than having to go out and find a cyber cafe every time you want to check your email. You *cannot* beat their price for a London bathroom-insuite room -- we paid 65 pounds for a double. I spent literally 5+ hours online looking for budget hotel rooms in London, and the next cheapest rooms I found were 10-15 pounds more expensive for a typical budget room in cheap hotels in Earls Court or near Victoria Station (ie, the budget tourist ghettos). There are two big tradeoffs. One is that the rooms don't have air conditioning, so if the weather's warm, the rooms can get darn hot even with the window wide open. I did see a tabletop fan on my last day there (too late for my stay, but having a fan could make a big difference). The other tradeoff is the noise. You are right above a pub, and esp in the warmer months, people are hanging around outside drinking and talking. The noise level varies, but you can get some noise until around midnight - 1 am, so if you're sensitive to sound, earplugs might help. The noise kind of bothered me some nights, but not on others, so YMMV. I would definitely stay here again, but probably not in the summer months, because of 1) the heat (rooms could get really hot and stuffy), and 2) the noise from summer outdoor revelers. In the cooler months, this is probably now my top choice of where to stay in London. You really can't beat the price or the neighborhood.	
May 25 2006	Not Worth It	My wife and I stayed there this May and had room 4. The only good reviews of this hotel seem to be from people who stayed in the Penthouse on the roof. Our room was very small to say the least. Also, on our last day, the lights went out in our room and there was no one to call.I agree completely with the review that said the employee care more about the bar then the hotel. We did not feel like guests at all, only an inconvience. We asked to use the &quot;free&quot; internet to guests on Saturday and told it was closed on Saturdays. Then we tried on Sunday and apparently they only have one free password for one guest at a time, so my wife and I had to take turns.The hotel notices says you can check out starting at 800am and when we tried to, the manager was not in. We had to wait around till 830 till the manager decided to come to work.	
Oct 6 2005	One Of A Kind Gem	We had a great stay at the Portobello Gold. It is an off beat but friendly place. We had the apartment with wounderful rooftop terrace, it was abit tight for 3 adults and 3 kids but a great value at £170- a night. Mellisa and Michael and the rest of the staff were are very kind and helpful. This is not the Holiday Inn, it has real character a great refection of the neighborhood. We will be back.	
Oct 4 2005	Is there such a thing as too quaint?	This was the last place we stayed on our trip to Europe, so maybe at this point we were spoiled. The penthouse room sounds lovely, but that isn't where we stayed. Our room was TEENY. There was barely enough room to put our suitcases flat and the bed went from wall to wall. I like being able to relax for a hour after walking all day, and before going to dinner(after walking 8 hours it became a neccessity), but I found I didn't really want to spend any time there. In the end, when you're on a budget, in the UK you can't ask for more. The staff was very nice and the breakfast was great. One more thing...I got a call from my credit card company when we got back to Canada and the hotel had tried to charge my credit card 3 times after I had already paid in full! Fortunately there was no more money left for them to take :). I called the hotel and they fixed the problem right away	
Sep 29 2005	My kind of place; if "funky" isn't you book someplace else	This little bed and breakfast, above a bar/restaurant/internet café on the Portobello Road, is my kind of place. If &quot;funky&quot; isn't you, book someplace else.The Portobello Gold has a wonderful location and, in London, is available for a fair price. The staff is friendly and helpful. It's funky. Part of our group was in the suite - which featured both a fabulous roof-top terrace overlooking the neighborhood and a poorly designed hose-rig in the bathtub for taking a shower. They enjoyed the terrace in the evening, but they took their showers in our small, simple, and somewhat spare room. There is free wireless internet access throughout the facility - it worked flawlessly for me. Breakfast - toast and cereal, coffee or tea - was delicious but wouldn't suit someone that needed bacon and eggs.	
Dec 4 2004	Totally fabulous family experience!	This was our family's first trip abroad, and we picked the Portobello Gold because it looked interesting and affordable. We were not at all disappointed! We LOVED the penthouse, which was great for a family (4 of us - I don't really see how more could sleep there), and the pub and restaurant were wonderful also. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed 6 nights, so got to know the pub staff pretty well - it was our habit to go out at night and then stop for a drink (our children are older) before going up to bed. We were perfectly happy with the breakfast arrangements - they said we could eat any time after 8, which was okay with us. There was always someone there who would make as many lattes as I wanted, and the location was great for just walking out the door and getting a delicious croissant at a street vendor if there wasn't something you liked at the hotel. I am so sorry to hear about their fire, as I can't imagine finding as good a bargain anywhere in London - we paid 120 pounds per night, which is half or less than anyplace else I found on the Internet. We all voted the Gold as one of the very best parts of our trip! If you're looking for a Comfort Suites experience, this probably isn't for you, but we couldn't have been happier.	
Aug 5 2004	up and down	Its in a good location granted. I think however they need to decide whether they would like to run a hotel or a pub, as it became blattantly apparent during our stay that they werent up to both. The rooms are tiny, there is not enough room to change your mind. The staff were clearly focussed on running a bar and the hotel seemed nothing more than a distraction. Our stay included breakfast. The problem was you had to attack the staff with a wooden stick to raise them from their slumber if you wanted something before miday. Great place to stay if you want a big night in their pub and remain hungover till 6 pm the following the day. If your in London to see the sights find somewhere else.	
Jul 1 2004	A real bargain given the location.	Stayed here recently on a Saturday night on a personal recommendation. Was not disappointed.Great location, rooms are above a very friendly bar/restaurant on the antique market.Staff are very friendly and helpful.Rooms are not exactly stately, but perfectly adequate, and a bargain considering we paid 75GBP to stay in W11. Bathroom was tiny and could have done with a lick of paint. Free cable TV was a bonus, but we didnt really watch it !The 'penthouse' which sleeps 6 looks great, would definitely be worth getting a group together and staying there !Restaurant in the back room is lovely - its like being in the palm house at Kew ! We had Sunday lunch which was the best I've had apart from home cooked !We will stay there again if we need to stay over in London.	
