Sep 25 2009 	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY STAYING HERE!	my boyfriend and I stayed here the night before we were going fly out to the USA from Heathrow and we sincerely regret staying here! We had to drag our suitcases up a flight of stairs to the &quot;reception&quot; area to be greeted by a guy who didn't care less that we had spent money to stay there, and had no idea how to give us any information...he kept saying a sentence then stopping....so bloody incoherent that we kept going to walk to the room and had to stop and turn around again. He could clearly see that I was struggling with my suitcase but offered no assistance, and then told us the room was on the fourth floor!!!! I am not lying when i say i nearly passed out trying to get up the horribly narrow staircases which were darkly lit. We finally made it to the room and couldn't believe how hot it was!!!!!! We then had a nightmare trying to lock the door as it didn't feel very safe at all but eventually got it sorted out! We even kept the window open ALL night but that didn't help at all....it was the most uncomfortable night I have ever had before a long haul flight and i was happy to get in the shower when I woke up! This turned out to be just a small trickle of water, no power to it at all. We woke up quite early, got ready, and left....we didn't even bother to stay for breakfast and just ate when we got to the airport. THIS IS A 100% HONEST ACCOUNT OF THIS TERRIBLE HOTEL! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY JUST BECAUSE THE LOCATION IS GOOD! SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR A DECENT PLACE! NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Filthy hotel	Unclean, unfriendly, un-everything.Avoid at all costs. Breakfast was a piece of bread and a boiled egg.This is hardly deserving of a 1 star in a 3rd world country, let alone 3 stars in the UK!This hotel gives the UK a terrible name.	
Aug 29 2009 	it is located very close to evrything...	The Radnor hotel is very confortable. in the room you get a good single and double beds. the continental breakfast is wealthy and included in the room rates. it is low rate. The hotel is near queensway and bayswater tube stations, and near a lot of restarants and shoping . it is close to Hide park.	
Mar 30 2009 	Avoid Avoid Avoid Avoid Avoid Avoid DO NOT BOOK. ABSOLUTE DISGRACE	My boyfriend booked this as a birthday break away. I read the reviews but gave him the benefit of the doubt. When we arrived you had to go up the stairs to the reception, front door is permanently open (not good security as ANYONE can walk in and break into the rooms, trust me doors easily broken). Like the other reviews the toilet seat was broken (and yes due to lack of space you have to sit sideways!), TV did not work, broken tile on bathroom floor, both shower doors were hanging off, oh and an earwig! This was worse than ANY student accomodation i ever stayed in. The hotel deserves NO stars and needs to be investigated by hotel authorities. The first morning we were awoken at 6am by what sounded like someone giving out in a foreign language (for 4 hours) only to be told after alot of our complaints and a room change (to a room that looked out onto the front road with NO CURTAINS) that this was a patient staying in the hotel courtesy of the Singapore government!!! This went on for 4 hours and happened again that night. After kicking up a storm they agreed to one nights refund through the agents it was booked with. We will wait and see! Also the receptionist said there was no manager level in the hotel and no one on duty but then stupidly gave me a business card that titled him as the Hotel Manager! Location yes is good but PLEASE TRUST ME there are plenty of other hotels in the area so AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS! It honestly is not worth staying in as COMPLETELY ruined our trip. I can not stress enough that you need to read the reviews of this hotel and not book it, believe EVERYTHING that is wrote!	
Jan 20 2009	Absolute Disgrace!	Please don't book this hotel! We went to London for a family celebration and this hotel totally ruined what would have been a fantastic time. I have never stayed anywhere so filthy or disgusting. There was no hot water for the whole time of our visit. We would have been better off camping. The staff were extremely rude and just told a pack of lies the whole time. I took my mum who is in her 70s and she was very uncomfortable, as were we all. This place should be shut down! Please don't believe the photographs as it's nothing like this. Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!HeatherGlasgow	
Jan 2 2009 	Wretched awful filthy miserable horrible staff.	I have stayed at many hotels and never encountered such a filthy, miserable, awful place. The staff were very rude, lied to you, did not do what they said they would. We did not even have a phone in one of the rooms. The windows were broken, very cold; TV's worked sort of, breakfast was a joke. They had a big sign in the lobby that said &quot;Free Internet&quot; and did not have any. the carpet was falling apart on the steps, causing my son to fall down and hurt his ankle. No furniture beyond minimum in the rooms, lights burned out, no towel racks, you name it, it was NOT there. No soap in the room except for the previous persons. I have stayed previously in three other hotels in this area, all were much better. I can't put into words all that was wrong with this place. STAY AWAY from this one at all costs.	
Dec 18 2008 	Decidedly downmarket	My partner and I stayed at the radnor for four nights during november 2008. Upon arrival in the late afternoon, we dragged our bags up the two flights of stairs to the reception and were checked in to our room. This is definately not a hotel for anyone with a problem with dragging their bags up six flights of stairs to their room! Our room was supposedly on the third floor, however was actually more on like the fifth. The room itself was very small, with a wardrobe, small double bed, a single bed and quite oddly, a beer fridge. the bathroom had a sliding door and barely fitted a broken shower, sink and toilet, however clearance was universally tiny and very hard to get around.The hotel is completely nonsensical, with our room accessed up a poky little staircase through the fire escape doors. We think a member of the staff lived in the room next to us, as the tv was going loud all day and night and the occupant seemed to spend his time making loud aggressive phone calls to people in India! Breakfast is pretty dire, but I suppose you get what you pay for. White bread, a toaster, butter, jam, boiled eggs and cornflakes. after the first morning we decided to nip round the corner to the lovely little european cafe and get paninis to eat for breakfast. Location is very good, just around the corner from the bayswater and queens gate tube stations, which make it very easy to get around, also the area has many good restaurants, the thai noodle bar is wonderful. Overall i would recommend this place to people like us, student travellers on a budget looking for a place to sleep, but definately not to anyone else!	
Sep 2 2008 	Stay away - unless you're a football team	My one regret is that I never read these reviews before we stayed here. And looking at the age of some of the reviews, its obvious that management cares less about what their customers think. Nothing has changed.When we arrived we were put into a fourth floor room that looks like it was still being renovated. The rubbish bins were still full and the furnishings in the room were basic and haphazardly place din the room. The shower fell apart in our hands. The room smelt like the London cigar society had recently met there.We complained about the room and the next day moved to a second floor room. The shower worked but the hotel's poor levels of cleanliness were evident as the toilet still contained a floater. Management are arrogant, although the workers were helpful where they could be.The location of this hotel is great and the surrounding neighbourhood is very pleasant - but inside! A great place to bring a footie team. If the boys play up after having a few ales, the place couldn't be much worse.	
Jul 18 2008 	Very average	We stayed at the Radnor Hotel for 10 days. One thing very positive about this Hotel is the location, it is excellent, very central and near to two tube stations. Shops and restuarants are one minute away. The downside is the accomodation. We adopted a view that we are only here to sleep. The ladies who clean the rooms need to be woken up and told what to do. Never once was our bedroom vacummed, bedding or towels changed. We were put in a two bedded room in the basement which not only had a very bad odour but also the windows opened up onto a tiny courtyard that looked like it had not been cleaned in years. Breakfast was also not what we expected. Cornflakes, toast and jam and eggs that were turning green they had been boiled for so long. Overall i dont rate the hotel very highly compared to what we have stayed in for alot less but i then get told thats London. If ever i went back i would attempt to stay in the same location just in a different hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	Please avoid	This hotel had been booked for us by an agent that promised a 3* rating. The agent had obviously never been to the hotel. The “Hotel” is more like a disgusting dirty house masquerading as a hotel. We were in a Quad / Family room that was filthy and in my opinion unsafe for young children. The advertised satellite television was non existent and the terrestrial channels were just fuzz. The Bathroom was tiny and complete with dirty un washed towels and a lovely surprise left in an un flushed toilet. We moved to a new hotel within an hour of arriving. Please please avoid this hotel.	
Feb 13 2008 	Unpleasant rip-off	We booked this hotel through Airmiles and were expecting the hotel to be a good standard for its 3 stars. However, how wrong we were...The room was gloomy, due to only half the bulbs in the strange light fitting working . There was a general lack of useful items/furniture in the room e.g. no bedside tables and lamps, but a large noisy fridge! The room had depressing dark brown paneling all around it with no extras to make it look pleasant.There were 4 of us in a quad room and the 'maid' didn't even give us any new loo paper after the first day.We discovered a cockroach in the bath on the second morning.The breakfast was appalling- 'value' white bread to go in the toaster, cornflakes and hard-boiled eggs- what a choice. The 'staff' made grudging attempts to refill breakfast supplies whilst monopolising the toaster themselves, to make their own breakfast whilst guests were waiting. The table cloths were dirty and frayed and were covered with paper which looked like it was just turned over each day and never replaced.The reception staff were completely unhelpful and monosyllabic- they spent most of their time watching tv.This has got to be the worst hotel we have ever stayed in in the UK and we would definitely not stay here again. Its only redeeming feature was reasonable location and good Bella Italia restaurant around the corner.	
Jan 28 2008 	Awful Stay!!!!	We arrived in London, excited to meet up with our friends. They had already booked a room for 2 at the Radnor and we had a triple room waiting for us. Wwhat a mistake!!!! The double room had the beds head to toe, the bathroom was so cramped that you had to use the toilet sitting sideways. The triple room was just as bad. We didn't get sheets until the 2nd night of our stay, no toilet paper or towels, and an electric towel warming rack in a tiny bathroom (needless to say we got burnt a few times!)The breakfast room was filthy, the management just plain rude, and the place needs to be inspected. The loose carpet on a 5 floor walk-up is a court case waiting to happen. Don't waste your money!!! Stay at a youth hostel- half the price, better service and cleaner facilities.The only decent thing about the Radnor was the location- on the tube circle line and the Starbucks that had a decent breakfast and coffee!	
Jan 17 2008 	Never again!	We knew it was a budget hotel so our expectations were not high for facilities - but a basic room &amp; bed in London may be all you need. But you don't expect a broken toilet seat, a toilet with 4&quot; clearance so it could not be used sitting unless sidesaddle! Or a broken shower head that was still not repaired after 2 nights making it impossible to shower. Or a broken toilet roll holder and no kettle for the coffee or glasses in the room, or a large domestic fridge in a tiny cramped budget room (for what?). Or stair carpets that are dangerously loose (I see this was logged here 6 months ago). Our friends stayed too and had remarkably similar problems in their room suggesting that we were not just unlucky. Other reports on this site confirm this. Of course we reported these things but no other rooms were available &amp; it was not practical to walk out. They are quite good at replacing toilet seats though, I assume they are used to it!Wished I'd read this site first.	
Oct 16 2007 	Awful stay at the Radnor	We switched to this hotel our second day of our trip. It seemed to have a very nice location: right next to two metro stations, Kensington Gardens, and lots of restaurants. We looked inside and it seemed pretty nice, so we thought 60 pounds was a pretty good price for a night. We got to our room on the fourth floor (no elevator) and we realized that they toilet was broken around 7:00 pm. We called reception and they said they would sent someone right up to look at it. 90 minutes later, (we called twice more) someone finally came up, looked at the toilet, and said he had to leave to get a part and he would be back in 20 minutes. We decided to leave so we wouldn't be in his way when he came back.We returned shortly before 10:30 to find out that they plumber never returned and would not be returning until the next day. When we asked reception to switch our rooms they said they didn't have anymore. When we asked what we were supposed to do they informed us that &quot;the bathroom isn't broken just the toilet is&quot; and they could take 10 pounds off of our bill. We were furious and asked to talk to a manager (as by this point it was 11:00 at night and we were unable to find another hotel) and were informed that he does not come in until at least 11:00 in the morning. Since we had no choice but to stay there, we had to wait until 11:30 the next morning to talk to the manager who was completely unsympathetic and basically told us &quot;too bad this is London.&quot; In the end (and only because my partner did not want to waste more time arguing) we ended up paying half price for the night, but I assure you it was not worth it.This is the worst customer service I have ever received in my life and I'm appalled that they are legally able to that. If I wanted to use a communal bathroom I would have stayed at a hostel for a lot less money.	
Aug 14 2007 	Apalling stay at Radnor	Our stay at the Radnor Hotel, Bayswater, London, was very disappointing and a dismal start to our holiday.We could accept some of the shortcomings of the room - no clean towels, no pillowslips until requested, three consecutive electric jugs not working, etc. etc. but found it very unacceptable to have a window which was impossible for me to lift up and when my husband managed to we got absolutely no air coming in - the safety grill was broken and there was a revolting mess right outside the window (on the roof) - no fan in the room and it was so hot we found it impossible to sleep. That was the bedroom.The dining room was filthy - the tablecloths obviously were never washed, they put paper over them each morning - floors with cigarette butts on, and a very inadequate breakfast.The attitude of the management staff was arrogant and surly.I would strongly urge people not to stay there, or at least to inspect room before booking.	
Jul 31 2007 	Never again	Stayed twice. Once on way to tour Europe and again for two nights on the way back. First time: pokey room ground floor, no towels. Had to ask 4 times. Toilet seat broken, window cords non operational, door knob came off. Had to ask for toilet paper twice. Staff had a no care attitude. Fire board turned off, and carpet on stairs loose...likely to cause a fall. On return journey, still no towels. Room larger but on third floor.....no lift. Window sash cords broken. Jug in room, but single power board so ioverloaded had to take out a plug to plug the &quot;frayed&quot; jug cord in. Never ever ever stay in this Hotel, and throttle your Tour Agent if he/she suggests it. Only consolation is that it is near Hyde Park, and some great eating places. If you are after a &quot;Faulty Towers&quot; experience.....then book it	
Jul 10 2007 	Small room - disgusting toilet	This was the very worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Besides being the smallest room I have ever seen, the real surprise was with the toilet. A large sign was posted : Do not flush toilet paper in toilet&quot;. I do not think a hotel should be allowed to operate if it does not have proper plumbing. This was just disgusting - plus every time we flushed a terrible grinding sound was heard and then a terrible smell followed for the next ten minutes. The room was very bare - a double bed and a chest ot drawers. That was all there was room for. No desk, no table, nothing on walls. Sink in bathroom was so small I could not get even get the kettle under the tap. This room was totally unacceptable. Upon our return the next week back to London, we stayed in another older place quite on the same idea but very very nice - for the same price. We stayed at the Barkston Gardens - nice big room, huge bathroom, nice staff etc. Definitely stay there instead of the Radnor!	
Jan 2 2007 	Avoid	Quite simply, avoid. The hotel is dirty, the rooms a disgrace and the staff completely unhelpful. The breakfast is a slice of toast and some cereal and this you have to prepare yourself. The maid service is non existent and there are not enough towels or sheets to go around. We were given 3 towels for 4 guests in a 4 bedded room and not provided with anymore when asked for! There is damp everywhere, the window in our room was held open with a coke bottle and everytime the toilet was flushed upstairs, it affected our toilet. The wiring and trailing cables were dangerous, espicially as we had 2 children.	
Nov 27 2006 	AWFUL!!!!!!!!	We stayed at this &quot;hotel&quot; two nights.The location is very good, just two minutes walk to the tube. The street is very nice and the building looks fine, from the outside.We arrived pretty late friday night and got a tiny room, with a small bed (it wasn't even a queen size) in an angle. To come in you had to pass two doors and to be pretty thin. The bathroom was even smaller and you couldn't even seet on the wc because you had no room for the legs!! To get to the shower you had to step over the wc..It was pretty dirty, the wc never saw a brush and the carpet has never been cleaned. The blankets were washed but still dirty.We freezed in the night and the reason was that one window (behind the closet) was broken: you couldn't close it and it had a hole in the glass. The heating didn't work too..We asked to fix the window and the heating. They sayed OK, but didn't seem very interested. As we came back it just looked like in the morning!! They told us the heating was brooken. And the window was fine.. We couldn't get another room. So they had to scotch the window. We asked our money back, but we have to do it with the agency.Last but not least: breakfast is very poor: toast, cornflakes and if you are lucky you get an egg, jam and milk. But if it's finished, don't bother asking, they'll only reply &quot;we have no more&quot;!!	
Oct 2 2006 	So so	We stayed here for a total of 3 nights - 2 nights at the beginning of August before heading for a car journey around the UK, then 1 night after we returned before flying home via Hong Kong.Hotel is in a long wide street with hotel/hostels in just about every 2nd building so the area has a lot of tourists. Bayswater tube station is a 5 minute walk away which is on the main line to Oxford Circus.There is no lift &amp; reception is on the 1st floor up 2 flights of stairs.The room that we stayed in initially was on the ground floor at the back of the hotel. There was no air-conditioning so we had to have to window open - this was fine until we realised that the security grill could not be locked!The room was very very small - the smallest we'd been in during 8 weeks of travelling through Europe &amp; the bathroom was tiny as well. The toilet seat came off the first time it was used - this was reported to reception. When we came back to our room later that evening it had been replaced. However the shower screens kept coming off the tracks. There was no power point to plug a hair dryer into - had to unplug the fridge to use the hair dryer. The floor didn't appear to have been vacuumed.When we returned at the end of August, we were given a room on the 3rd floor i.e. 4 flights of stairs. This room was much larger however there were 2 double beds in the room for 2 of us so it was still very tight space-wise. Again, the floor didn't appear to have been vacuumed &amp; the previous guest's leftovers were in the fridge.Breakfast was adequate, toast, cereals &amp; juices in the main dining room on the 1st floor.Reception staff could have been a bit more professional. We had left a luggage strap behind during our 1st stay - as soon as we realised I rang the hotel and asked them to look for it &amp; hold it for when we returned in 3 weeks. When we returned I asked about it &amp; they said it had been thrown out - when I said that it was supposed to be held for us - they then said they would have another look for it. We also asked them to book the shuttle to the airport at a pre-advertised rate. When we later checked if this was done, they advised they could not book us on this shuttle but booked a cab for us instead at a much higher rate (without checking with us first).	
Aug 3 2006 	Disappointed by the Radnor Bayswater hotel	Hi,My boyfriend and I went 3 days to London in July and we stayed at the Radnor Bayswater hotel which is supposed to be a three-star hotel. At arrival, we had to wait because the room had to be prepared etc. 45 minutes later, we were able to enter the double-bedded bedroom i booked to discover that the room was not cleaned, the bed not done and that the shower was &quot;blocked&quot;. We complained asking someone to come and repair the shower and cross the vaccum cleaner in the room...nobody ever came...even three days later despite the fact that we asked for this everyday!Moreover, when we asked whether it would be possible to change the sheets, we were told that they don't have enought sheets to change them every day...Conclusion: I think this hotel and its personnel have a huge effort to make to deserve these three stars!	
Nov 12 2009 	un scandale		
Sep 9 2009	Schifosissimo		
Aug 23 2009 	Si può migliorare ma è buono		
May 16 2009 	Passez votre chemin !		
May 11 2009 	l'hotel bruttissimo e sporchissimo		
Apr 16 2009 	A éviter absolument		
Jul 15 2008 	Passez votre chemin !		
Jan 31 2008 	Pessimo hotel		
Dec 29 2007 	Hôtel des 1001 surprises		
Jul 23 2007 	Chambre avec vices cachés		
Mar 13 2007 	Auf jeden Fall vermeiden		
