Nov 13 2009 	HORRIBLE IT IS LIKE A ROOM FROM 1970'S	Location is excellent but that is all you can have. Rooms need definitely refurbishment, probably they were need 3 years ago, too. The textiles are dirty and blanket was in the cupboard on the ground (cupboard was a ceramic something) into dust within a dirty bag. I never recomend, run a way. There have been very nice hotels with reasonable prices around. Even I made reservation for 4 nights, I paid one night punishment and left the hotel after I saw the room. Stay somewhere else.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent hotel for location and value	This small hotel located 2 minutes walk from Paddington Station is well worth styaing at. It is super clean, wonderful breakfast and friendly staff. The rooms, as they are in London, small but functionable. If there is one drawback is it has no lift so top floor rooms are a nice long hard walk. It is very good value for London. Very easy to get to the west end by either tube or bus	
Nov 3 2009 	Great experience good value for money	My friend and I heard about this hotel from one cousin and decided to book in since we couldn't find any other reasonably priced hotel in the area. The hotel is locaded in the quiet area 1-2 minute walk from Paddington station. The location of the hotel is perfect, it is close to undergroound and bus station which conects you to all parts of the city and jet you are far enough from the road so you can sleep in the night. We were staying in a room on the tird floor which was big enough for 2 of us and was quiet. Every morning we had a choice of English or continental breakfast which was rich enough to keep us going until lunch time. The staff was really friendly and they answered all of our silly questions and helped us with everything we asked. In the end of the stay we felt more like familly members with some of them.I will most definetly stay in this hotel next time I visit London.	
Oct 20 2009 	I WILL STAY AGAIN...if these standards are maintained.	I have stayed in this PERFECT LOCATION for visiting London before, and I have seen hotels that I stayed in, decline in these Tripadvisor reviews. The Falcon seems to have maintained their standards for a good clean room, good breakfast, good staff and ownership at a good price for several years. My visit Oct 1 to 3 was no exception. I asked for a ground floor room as I was visiting with my 75 y.o. dad and they specifically saved it for us. This would only be an issue for the elderly or weak as there is no lift. The room was a &quot;triple&quot; for the two of us which I would do again just to have the extra space! It was quiet though a little stuffy, but a fan was provided. The large 42 inch flatscreen TV was appreciated, as was the wireless internet, which was much cheaper than other hotels. This was a great place to sleep...as the trip was to see London, not the inside of a hotel!All in all, this was a great stay and I will be back on my next London visit if the reviews stay positive!	
Sep 16 2009 	Good location!	The Falcon Hotel is a simple, but good hotel nearby Paddington Station. A great location to visit everything in London, close to the tube station and close to Hyde Park. The street is very quiet, the rooms are simple but with everything you need for the night. And it's not so expensive as other London hotels! The breakfast included is fine to start the day with. There are also some nice restaurants nearby. Good hotel for a weekend in London!	
Aug 14 2009 	Clean pleasant hotel in a great central location	We picked this hotel for our first trip to London based on the large number of positive Trip Adivsor reviews, and it did not disappoint for the price of the room. Steps from Paddington station, it is easy to get to from Heathrow and easy to get to all the major sightseeing destinations in a few minutes via the tube. The hotel is very clean with pleasant rooms and staff. Breakfast was good and had plenty of options. Rooms and bathrooms are on the small side, but typical for a hotel in this price range and are perfectly comfortable. Beds are comfortable if nothing exceptional. We would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to friends looking for a reasonably priced hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Two Thumbs Up Nice Clean Hotel with Friendly Staff and good location	My husband and I stayed for one week at falcon hotel; we loved it very much it was like a home away from home. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean and the breakfast was better than most of fast food restaurants in the US. Location was close to most places we were visiting. I would recommend it to all my friends and coworkers.	
Jul 26 2009 	Cheap tiny noisy light and bad breakfast (but clean)	It's all been said before, but this hotel has small rooms, a closet for a bathroom and no elevator. If you're a tourist, you don't need much more. It's very clean but everything shouts BUDGET! The breakfast represents the worst of British cooking: eggs, one strip of bacon, tinned beans, toasted white bread, bad OJ and occasionally weak tea. The &quot;continental&quot; option features tinned fruit cocktail and peaches. The location is really excellent. It's a tradeoff. Would some better curtains be possible?	
Jul 22 2009 	A Great Value!!!	A great value in a great location! Based on Trip Advisor reviews my husband and I chose to stay at the Falcon this past June for 6 nights. We were on the 4th floor in an ensuite room. While the room and bathroom were tiny, it suited our needs perfectly. The breakfast was terrific and the staff was very friendly. The location can't be beat. Very convenient. We would definitely stay again and highly recommend.	
Jul 21 2009 	Not at all what I was expecting very disappointing...	We stayed here based purely on the reviews on trip advisor. We were very disappointed. Let's start with the breakfast, what a game of chinese whispers that was. The breakfast staff spoke limited english. On the first morning after seating ourselves and waiting for them to take our order I finally sought them out after about 10 mins of watching them go to and fro. The girl came to the table and was taking our orders (5 of us!) with no pen or paper, she then relayed this to another woman in her own language and that woman disappeared and over the next 20mins our breakfasts arrived. Except mine did not, and everyone's breakfast was wrong. I finally asked about mine to which the cook poked her head around the door, stared at where I was sitting, went back into the kitchen and 5 mins later my breakfast arrived, do not order fried eggs, they slide around on your plate in oil. And of course noone managed to say sorry. The next day for breakfast the same thing happened, didn't write down order, got everyone's wrong. I would suggest you stick to toast except that tasted like burnt cardboard.The room was acceptably clean but when we arrived we walked in and nearly tripped over workmens tools, a jigsaw etc, they were painting the breakfast room which was near our room but noone seemed to be using a jigsaw. We asked to have it removed and it was and a large fan was then left in its place, we can only assume because it was hot but it was industrial looking, very old and hardly safe with small children.The bathroom was tiny, and looked pretty clean but the shower smelled and really would it be too hard to attach a toilet roll holder to the back of the door rather than having a roll sitting on top of the toilet?We were there two nights and we just wanted to leave, and after being in london all day in the heat wave we didn't want to return to our room. We appreciated the friendly staff at the front desk and the portacot loan (after being told we wouldn't be able to fit one in the room) We were woken at 6am because a previous guest had set the phone to give them a wake up call, there were instructions on the wall on how to operate and unset this but you don't tend to read everything on arrival.The lamp beside the bed didn't work and we were suppose to pay a bond of 20 pounds in order to borrow a remote for the TV!Pretty disappointing overall.	
Jun 23 2009 	Couldn't ask for anything more	As a solo traveller, it's often hard to find somewhere to stay where you feel safe and comfortable. I decided to book a room at the falcon hotel after reading about it on Trip Advisor. It not only lived up to expectations but was better than I could have hoped for. The staff made me feel at home instantly and did everything that they could to make sure that I was comfortable. This is one of the cleanest hotels I've ever stayed in and is in a fantastic location only a few minutes walk from Paddington Station. Breakfast was included daily and was terrific. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would have no hesitation in recommending family and friends to stay here. Thank-you Falcon hotel for making my stay such an enjoyable one. I'll definitely be back in the future.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location for central London 	As a traveller from the West Country, all trains bound for London arrive at Paddington. This hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the station and about 3 mins from the tube, and so is a perfect location for Paddington. Hotel was easy to find, and directions are good on their website. Stayed in room 4 which is on the ground floor. Room was clean and smelled fresh but was cramped. Double bed was against the wall with a bed side table on only one side which is slightly annoying for my partner. Staff were friendly and polite. Breakfast included English breakfast cooked to order and a variety of continental items. Milk tasted off both days. Good for 1 or 2 nights stay but not ideal if you like to have space.	
Apr 7 2009 	Nice hotel and wonderful staff	Lovely b&amp;b, very helpful staff, great location, good tourist information displayed. Room with flat screen tv, tea coffee, and wireless internet available. A cozy atmosphere inside with a good english breakfast plus open buffet for continental breakfast.We'll definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family.Thank you so much for making our stay that nice.	
Mar 18 2009 	3 stars with 4 star + feeling!	I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel to friends and family and I hope to use it again. The location is perfect if you're flying into Heathrow because the Heathrow Express goes to Paddington Station which is just a 5 minute walk from the hotel. I had a room up on the top floor(5th) which was a steep climb up many stairs but fine if you're in shape. When I return I will plan to stay at the Falcon but would request a double room with ensuite on a lower floor. My room looked out onto Norfolk square in front of the hotel and was very quiet and very clean. I awoke with the birds. I was travelling by myself and my room with ensuite and double bed was perfect for me for the 7 days I was there. The breakfast was very generous whether I chose the Continental or English style....a really good start for the day and included in the price. And finally I can't say enough about the wonderful family that runs it. Very welcoming, and accommodating and I got a sense that they really cared about pleasing me and the other patrons.Before finding the Falcon I would never have considered a trip to London because of the cost but this dream hotel makes it very affordable! Excellent value for the money!	
Mar 13 2009	Clean 	I just returned from London where my mum and I stayed at the Falcon hotel for a week. It was our first time in London and we didn't know what to expect but as soon as we stepped into our hotel we felt completely welcomed. The staff was really helpful and hospitable and I really don't have any complaints. Our twin room was on the 2nd floor with a view at a small garden. The room was not big but it was clean and cozy, the beds were really comfortable, it had a plasma tv and most importantly the bathroom was spotless. The breakfast was both English and Continental and really tasty. The location was just perfect, lots of places to eat around and the Paddington station less than a 5 minute walk. Overall, I thorougly enjoyed my stay at Falcon as well as my mum and we'll definitely return!	
Feb 10 2009	Nice and clean hospitable staff and good breakfast	After a tough journey by bus, plane and train our group of 32 students and teachers from Denmark arrived at The Falcon Hotel in London. We were met by a nice and smiling staff - and they stayed like that during our entire stay. They were wellprepared and ready to welcome us. Very quickly we got our rooms. Nice!! - The students vere very satisfied with their rooms and said, that it felt nice being there. - The hotel is perfectly situated very close to Paddington station. It was very easy to go to the destinations we had planned. If we needed help to find a super market etc. the staff was very eager to assist us. - The English breakfast was good and lasted for a long time. Nice, when you are on a low budget tour. - We can only recommend this hotel. We will return most certainly.	
Feb 5 2009 	week at Falcon Htel	I stayed at Falcon hotel on Jan 20th 2009 for business. I was welcomed to hotel with big smile from the receptionist and I was in my room in no time. Hotel personal were helpful and pleasant during my stay. Falcon hotel was recommended to me by coworker therefore I walk in there with high expatiation and hotel was as my coworker promised. Location of Falcon hotel is great and high class and it enable me to get around the city easy and see lot of sites during my little time after work. If you are a breakfast person; I defiantly recommend taking advantage of their breakfast as food quality is high and coffee was perfect. I had single (fully ensuite) room. Room was clean and kept clean during my stay. If you might have problem walking up and down stairs I recommend calling in early and trying to reserve a room on lower floor, unfortunately they don’t have a lift and it might cause problem for some. I had no problem and it made me feel better about myself, thinking that did some sort of work out specially after the big breakfast ;)	
Feb 5 2009 	Cosy Warm and Customer Focussed	Just to say a huge 'thank you' to you. You and your staff give such warm and personalised service. My family and I felt at home and secure at 'The Falcon'. Plus it is so central that going out was so easy. Just a walk away from the station!Thanks again and here is wishing you and yours all the best now and always.	
Feb 5 2009 	loved every minut of it	My husband and I stayed at falcon hotel November of 2008 , we loved every minute of it ,the room was very clean and soooooo cute ,the location was amazing ,we could come out after a full breakfast that was provided by helpful and pleasant staff and go for a walk. In the end the of the trip we had an amazing time staying there and the stay was extremely affordable.	
Feb 3 2009 	Wonderful LOCATION and Staff we'll be BACK	My daughter and I stayed at Falcon on Jan 29 for a City Break. The location was first class and just perfect for our little adventure. The room was not big but nice and clean with relaxing colors. The rate for a Twin which was a fully ensuite room with 2 single beds was very affordable and perfect for the two of us. We loved the great breakfast which was plenty and rich so we didn’t have to eat again until supper time. The service was just wonderful and the staffs at the Falcon were accommodating and pleasant.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Location shame about the Hotel!!!!	Booked after consulting this website and seeing all the rave reviews???? Staff not overly friendly but not downright rude either!! We had booked family suite which was a twin room (ensuite) and a (small) double room (ensuite) with a connecting corridor. First impressions of the rooms were awful. Dreadful odour throughout both rooms on first evening. It's the type of place where you wished you'd booked elsewhere but as we were only staying for two nights and they charge 1 nights rate for cancellation (£140.00) - (had booked by credit card) it seemed pointless to change they also take the full price on check-in. The carpet felt un-pleasant underfoot, glass in double room window was broken and let in an awful draft (this was countered by heating coming on at 11pm and overheating the room) and the twin room window could not be locked (ground floor not very comforting)!! Two of the three beds listed dangerously to one side!! Bathrooms tiny but clean. Sink in twin room did not work but the manager very kindly gave us a £20 reduction for this!! Oh and there's a £20 deposit for the TV remote!!Breakfast 7.30 - 9 Sharp no latecommers will be tolerated as I was forcefully informed when staff enquired about my husband's non-appearance at breakfast!!, Full English Breakfast is made up of 2 very runny eggs, 1 slice cardboard bacon, 1 tinned tomato &amp; beans! Go for the continental if you dare!!!Lovely location opposite square and very handy to Paddington station but definitely nicer places to stay in the area!!	
Feb 1 2009 	Nothing special	I stayed here after spending 3 weeks in Eastern Europe and Northern UK. Of all the hotels I stayed in, it was one of the most expensive and probably the worst. I chose this hotel because of reviews on trip advisor and because the hotel's own website advertised a 10% discount for stays of 5 days or longer. When I arrived I had to remind the person at reception of this. I then had to pay for the whole stay up front. The next morning after breakfast, on my way out for the day, I was confronted by a person (either the manager or the owner) who was smoking on the front steps of the hotel. She asked me, quite abruptly, how I got a discount. When I explained it was on the website she told me that she had removed that deal. That day I checked and the deal was still there. If I hadn't already paid I would have left then and checked into another hotel. As for the hotel itself, the room was reasonable in size for London, the bed comfortable, the shower tiny and smelly, the toilet (two floors down) was tiny and only cleaned after 4 days, it was a very noisy hotel (from the other rooms, the hallway and outside). The breakfast was quite average, and the breakfast room tiny. It is in a great position, but there are much better hotels around.	
Jan 31 2009 	tourist trap	The Bed was comfortable und the sheets clean. The rest of the room was quite dirty and it smelled strange in the shower. The window was broken, as well as the lamp. The lamp didn't get replaced!! To get to the toilet one had to go downstairs (two floors) and it actually was in a cupboard-like room without any possibility to wash hands. The toilet itself was clean. The noise in the hotel was unbelievable: one could hear everything from the other room and especially from the hallway and the stairs. Other guests complained loudly in Spanish about their rooms. Some guests shouted loud and didn't care about other guests.- Who wants to sleep at night?- No one at the hotel seemed to care about the well-being of the guests. The staff at the reception was nice but not qualified at all. - Breakfast was awful. The staff in the breakfast room didn't understand English and was unfriendly. Toast was like cardboard ....A Budget Hotel: yes. The Hilton: never. It is very convenient and close to Paddington station, but if you want to travel on a low budget I'd recommend other places. I stayed at the Falcon Hotel for five nights and felt not welcome at all. As I had to pay all the nights on arrival, I couldn't really check out earlier and look for another room in another hotel. As a matter of fact: I am astonished that this hotel gets so many positive reviews. I chose the hotel after consulting tripadvisor and I still can't quite figure out, why the hotel is so highly recommended. Only the review from maris05 from Brazil matches my experience!!!!	
Nov 20 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	I chose the Falcon after reading many of the fantastic reviews on Tripadvisor - well represented as a great hotel. I was in London for WTM and found the location to be excellent and the price is very reasonable. The staff was exceptional and really went out of their way to make my stay comfortable. The reception team is extremely friendly and welcoming, and you can certainly tell they take pride in their hotel.The rooms are fitting and clean, a bit small but this is to be expected in London. I will definitely stay here again the next time I visit London. The price, location and friendliness is spot-on!	
Aug 4 2008 	Four Millers Four Days	The Falcon Hotel is everything I had expected. It is a very good value, it is comfortable, good accomodations, quiet and a very pleasant and helpful staff. I noticed that the owners pay particular attention to details and for a small family owned bed and breakfast they do an excellant job. The rooms are small but having a small shower and sink suddenly they look larger and I think the shower mat hung on the wall was an excellant idea. My wife has previously stayed in London at the Royal Lanchaster and the Grosvenor House and since this trip the bill was ours she thought the Falcon Hotel was an excellant find. I believe Norfolk Square is a historically protected street and there is not much an owner can do to change the building inside and out. The location is the best and the street is charming if you are a novice or more experienced traveler you may have not noticed. When reading hotel reveiws on Trip Advisor I relied on reviews from Americans as they would be making the same economic decisions as I. Thanks Falcon.	
Jul 10 2008 	stay away	There are many other hotels in this area (Paddington), so pick carefully. Room wasn´t ready at check in, some people of staff were not friendly. I booked my city tours at another hotel concierge, since at Falcon they barely said good morning. Breakfast room too small, bathroom not very clean (green spots in the shower). Everytime I got back with lugagge or bags I had to open the door myself, because most of the time there was no one at the front deskFamily rooms used by large noisy groups, rude guests and not a comfortable place at all. No respect for silence.Other hotels in the same nice area also have low prices but offer more comfort and are safer.	
Jul 4 2008 	Nice for the Price	On this hotel's website they compare themselves with the Paddington Hilton just around the corner. Well, I've stayed at the Hilton and the Falcon is not the Hilton. BUT, it is a nice, clean, quiet, friendly place to stay. I booked a room with a seperate toilet but was upgraded (free of charge) once I arrived. My room was on the top floor (5th floor for Americans, 4th for Europeans) and was small but very adequate. The ensuite bath was small but very clean and the towels were larger than most in English hotels. Some rooms I peeked into had showers with just curtains but mine had a glass shower door. The in-room tea set-up was average but well replenished. I did have to laugh out loud when I opened the door to my room having read the comparison to the Hilton. It seems the beadspread, curtains and the tea kettle were all used Hilton items. In fact my beadspread still had the &quot;Made exclusively for Hilton&quot; tag still on it. The last time I saw that fabric design was at the Palm Beach Florida Airport Hilton! The staff were nice and helpful. The cooked breakfast was good and plentiful- and I eat like a horse! The only gripe I had was that the website did not say anything about the 3% surcharge for using a credit card upon checkout- I used my ATM card to get cash and ended up paying 2.95% in bank fees anyway. Would I recommend the Falcon Hotel to a friend? Yep! I already did. Nice for the price.	
Mar 11 2008	Friendly comfortable 	A wonderful experience staying at the Falcon. Great staff, always more than helpful. We were advised on buses, trains, places to go &amp; even daily weather updates. Great cooked breakfast everyday to fill us up before exploring London.Will recommend this hotel to any friend travelling to London. The location is close to the city and local shops ane restaurants suited us.	
Mar 4 2008 	Bargain 	Spent 4 March nights in London at the Falcon; the visit crossed the rate season, but the owners honored the lower season rate for the whole stay. Best parts: Location! One block from Paddington station, the entry point from Heathrow and a zone 1(tube) stop on the Bakerloo line (among others). Price--very reasonable even when the dollar is freefalling. B'fast: English/continental included. Owners: Very accomodating and helpful.Good points: Wireless internet available for L3 a day. Comfortable beds, new wall-mounted big screen TVs. Caution: Like many small Eurohotels, the Falcon is a converted row house; your hotel room is a former bedroom with a sink and shower (and maybe a toilet) tucked in. So its quite small, and the heat comes from a small radiator (I don't know about a/c). So if you know you won't be happy without a Holiday Inn style room, the Falcon is NOT for you; all others--very good deal	
Mar 3 2008	Exactly as described - Excellent Value for money	After much searching online, I came up with the Falcon and after reading the reviews on the hotel's home page and on Trip Advisor I decided to book. Before booking, I phoned and e-mailed the hotel with a couple of queries which were very quickly answered. The helpful friendliness of the staff was excellent.We stayed two nights in February, our rooms were lovely and clean, ideal for what we wanted and at a really great price, true value for money. Breakfast was wonderful with an excellent selection of food and cooked breakfast served by happy smiling staff.The hotel is in a lovely quiet area overlooking the gardens of Norfolk Square, but in very easy walking distance of Paddington station and bus routes. There are also lots of restaurants and bars just down the road suitable for all pockets. We highly recommend this hotel, the management and staff are so welcoming and we will definitely be returning.	
Feb 15 2008 	Fabulous stay at the Falcon	I recently spent a weekend at the Falcon. As I am a student and was travelling alone, I was interested in the single semi-ensuite to save money because the price of 39 pounds was unbeatable. After contacting the hotel I was told that a single semi-ensuite was only available for one night and I could have a double semi-ensuite for the second night at a price of 47 pounds per night for my stay. As I was used to paying 65 pounds per night I found this to be very reasonable, especially based on the positive reviews found here on trip advisor. The room sizes may be small for those used to North American room sizes but for a budget, central London hotel/B&amp;B I found the room and shower sizes to be just fine. Both rooms I was in had a small balcony overlooking the square which was a nice touch. The first room I had (the single) must have had a smoker staying the night before because there was a strong smell of smoke but the windows were open to air out the room when I arrived and that was appreciated. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and I have no complaints. The only thing I would suggest is that a light be installed near the shower because once the curtain was closed it was a bit dark, but was manageable. The double room was a bit bigger and had a large flat screen tv opposite the bed (but no remote control) and was also very clean and comfortable. There was a light installed outside the shower in this room so maybe it's just the budget rooms that don't have the shower light.I found the hotel staff to be very friendly and eager to help when called upon. It was a bit strange to have the toilet not only outside the room but two flights of stairs down when I had the single room, but for the price and the fact that I was only at the hotel in the morning and at night, it was no problem. Another nice touch that I appreciated was the water dispenser near reception, as it was a good way to hydrate myself before making the trek up the stairs to my room!For the past 3-4 years I have stayed in the Sussex Gardens/Norfolk Square area at various hotels because I liked the location (very close to Paddington Station and as a female I don't like to have to walk far from the station to the hotel at night) but haven't found a hotel I was completely satisfied with. I can stop searching now because the Falcon hotel is where I will be staying from now on.	
Dec 29 2007	A most pleasant cozy home away from home	If you are planning a trip to London, consider staying at Falcon Hotel, Paddington, London! I recommend the hotel whether you're staying for a weekend, week, months, or long-term. I've stayed at Falcon on a long-term basis and have been very pleased with my stay. The location is ideal: one block away from Paddington station, 10 minutes away from Hyde Park, 15 minutes away from the movie house and then on to the Oxford Street shops. There are numerous pubs, restaurants, drug stores and a post office just minutes away. And buses are one block away.But it is the staff and management that make this hotel so nice to stay at. The staff are quick to try to accomodate any need you might have and go the extra mile to see that you have a wonderful time in London. They truly do make a difference to your trip in making it pleasant and memorable. The hotel has a family atmosphere, so if you're traveling alone or with a family, however long, this is an ideal place for you.	
Dec 5 2007 	Wonderful Quiet Friendly Bed 	My husband and I stayed at the Falcon Hotel from October 26, 2007 through November 3, 2007. We had a wonderful stay at the Falcon Hotel. All the staff was warm and friendly and helpful. The bountiful breakfast was absolutely delicious!! We loved the beautiful, quiet park across the street from the hotel. There were many wonderful restaurants nearby and it was an easy walk to Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate Station. Thank you again for making our stay in London &quot;extra special&quot;.	
Dec 3 2007 	Good value for money	Clean, comfortable, basic accommodation and very good value for money. All the amenities you need in the room. Breakfast is either continental or bacon eggs and beans or scrambled eggs etc.Excellent value for the price.	
Nov 28 2007 	Really liked it!	I've just returned from a weekend stay at the Falcon Hotel with my boyfriend. We enjoyed our stay there and the staff seemed to be very nice. The breakfast in the mornings was very good, and filled us up until the early afternoon, it consisted of a buffet of fruit yoghurt cereal croissants fruit juice, and a cooked breakfast of toast bacon eggs andbeans. The bedroom itself was small but this is what all London hotels at this price are like. It was very clean though and perfectly adequate for what we needed, the bathroom was quite small but still very nice and clean, the shower was nice and powerful! It was in a very good location with literally a 2 minute walk to the underground and main Paddington Station, and surrounded by places in which you could go for a meal or get a takeaway.Would definately go back here again and would recommend it to people.	
Nov 13 2007	Loved EVERYTHING about London Especially the owner of the hotel	I loved London from the minute we got there. We had just come from Paris. And grant it the sights were spectacular. The people were not as friendly. Unlike London. The first minute we got off the subway we found nothing but, nice people. The people at the restaurant were even pleasant. The one person who went out of his way was the owner of the hotel. It was a very nice bed and breakfast. My daughter had never been to one before. And loved it.The food was diffrent. Not totally but, seeing the baked beans served with breakfast was diffrent.The staff was very helpful and always there when you needed them. The problem my daughter had was the size of things. She's a big girl. So she had to dress in the bedroom, because the shower room was to small. And the toliet was in a closet. So it appeared. We still loved it. I would be comfortable liveing in that room. I however am not heavy. Loved everything else though. Loved how when it was time to check out that the owner held onto our bags while we spent an entire day sightseeing. Was always very helpful. With directions. Calling places for us. And mapping things out for us. Will definetly go back. And there is no way I would go anywhere else. This hotel makes Londons stay the best.Living in FlaLoving London	
Nov 10 2007 	Very nice staffsmall but confi bedroom	This is the email I sent to the Hotel when I came back from my week end in London: Hello, I am a french girl living in the Costwold since more than a year now and i came to your hotel the nights of the 2nd/3rd of november. My friend from Paris came also and we had the room 2! I just wanted to say how great was the service(and the breakfast!)and how nice was all of the staff! This hotel isnt far from London city and Paddington is only 2min walk!I will come back again and also recommend your hotel to my friends who want to visit London!:-)The Hotel answered back to my email, which is really nice from them. As I said, I recommend this hotel to everybody, the double ensuite bedroom was quite small but as we were in it just to sleep, it doesnt really matter, does it?Maybe just one thing I would like to say, the price It is not too expensive for a hotel in london (we paid 80£ the night for 2 people with the breakfast)but it will be great if they would do small discount for students!!!;-)See you soon!	
Nov 9 2007 	Handy but small	We (three adults) stayed at this hotel for 4 days getting over jet lag from a very long flight from Singapore.The hotel is handy to the Paddington Station (from Heathrow) and to all tube stations in London which is why we selected it in the first place.The room was rather small for three adults but we were only planning to sleep there so that was not really an issue. The toilet and shower area were tiny so if you are a rather large person it may be a problem, The room was clean and very quiet. There was a TV and fan. You can open the window. The breakfast area was downstairs and there was enough room for guests though a bit cramped. This was made up fo by the excellent breakfast provided. You could have cold and hot food. A very good range of options. Their menu on their web site is accurate.The best thing about this hotel was the proximity to everything. An internet cafe, laundromat, pub, post office, a Garfunkels (good for kids), wine shop and convenience store were all down the street. You could even buy tickets for the red doubledecker tour buses in the store across from the stop or get them from the tour staff waiting at the stop.We paid GBP89 a night for 3 adults with breakfast. In a city where costs are very high this was good value despite the poor exchange rate with the Australian dollar.We would stay there again as a couple, a bit too cramped for three.In summary, close access to transport, everything was close to everything – post office, laundry, restaurants, internet, nice park over the road. Nice manager, good amble breakfasts and nice staff. Good for singles and possible two.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great Little Place	The Falcon Hotel is situated very close to Paddington Station, adjacent to a little park. The hotel staff are quite friendly and the rooms, while small by American standards, are certainly big enough for sleeping. After all, does the room size really matter when you're outside all day? For me, I care about cleanliness, level of noise, and value for the money. The Falcon Hotel has all of those qualities...plus excellent proximity to public transport. The walk up (no elevator) and outside toilet are only minor inconveniences that shouldn't be a problem if you know about them ahead of time.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location small room	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Falcon hotel. It is located aproximately 200m from Paddington main line and tube stataion so getting around London was easy.The room we had was on the fourth floor and we have affectionately named it the Sir Edmind Hillary Suite - for those who dont know, he climbed Mount Everest and believe me, if you are room 17, 18, 19 or 20, you will have an expedition to reach the top. Crampons and oxygen masks are provided after the second floor :-)Humour aside, there is no lift in the hotel and if you are on the fourth floor, you will have to climb four flights of stairs, the top 2 being quite steep.The room was quite small but clean and comfortable. It contained a double bed which baffled me how they had managed to get it up there in the first place but none the less was comfortable. There was a TV, hanging space, a dressing table and telephone in the room.We had an &quot;en suite&quot; which, again was small - you had to reverse in to use the loo :-) and also had a shower and basin.Breakfast consists of juice, tes or coffee, toast, cereal, fruit and their cooked breakfast includes a rasher of bacon, 2 eggs and beans. Good all the same.Staff were friendly and helpful and welcoming. Room was cleaned every day and fresh towels left each day. Quiet location and ideal for most people on a trip to London. Price was good compared to some hotels and I would recommend this place for a stay.	
Sep 25 2007	A frindly comfortable hotel with access to all amenities	This was the Seventh year we have stayed at the Falcon. It has become an anual pilgrimage . We have varied in size from 1 to 9 guests and every time we have been accomodated. We usually arrive late and the keys are ready for us ,the breakfast is good and wholesome with plenty of choice. After a day in the City it isnice to know that you have a clean comfortable room to relax in with facilities. The staff are very friendly and will always help ( whether to catch a bus or tube and where from) The position is excellent and is within reach of bus,tube,pub and Mcdonalds .The general area is ideal for shopping and sightseeing The tour buses go from outside the Hotel.It is just what we want , and we wouldnt stay anywhere else,We definitely would recomend the Falcon	
Sep 20 2007 	Nice little place	My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Falcon and found it to be quite nice. The room was a little small by North American standards, but after touring London we realized that the age of most buildings offers the owners little chance for expansion. If you plan on spending a lot of time in your room then you might find this B&amp;B a little cramped. For our needs it was well suited. The breakfast room is quite small and if all the guests come down at the same time therewas a bit of a wait for seating although the food was well prepared with a good selection of juices and muffins, etc. Location is very good with only a 2 block walk from Paddinton Stn. Our room was at theback on the second floor and we had little or no street noise, which was nice for sleeping with the window open, although there was some noise from people partying late on Saturday night. There is no lift, so be prepared to tote luggage up and down the stairs.	
Sep 17 2007 	Friendly and clean hotel	hi im from gosport and me and my sisters stayed at the falcon hotel for 2 nights from the 7th sept to the 9th 2007 and it was a lovely break.the room was comfortable and clean and the food was cooked beautifully and plenty of it as buffet style so help yourself and a cooked breakfast if you feel for one with plenty of juices or tea or coffee and also cereals supplied.bathroom en suite and tele in room actually worked not like some places i wont mention.thanks again and will defo be back again.jackie suzy and kat in gosport hants england	
Sep 6 2007 	Waste of money	We decided to go to London during the August bank holiday and after searching the Internet, I came across the Falcon Hotel in the Paddington area. This is a typical B&amp;B and as we were travelling with our 9 year old son, we were required to obtain a triple room.We were told the room was on the 3rd floor and there was no lift and we were happy with that. However, the floors were split level and it was actually up 5 flights of VERY steep stairs (the steeper, the higher). The room and hotel in general are a bit run down and is in a bad need for re-vamping as it was all dated. The ''restaurant'' was a room down in the basement and was so small that guests had to queue to eat since breakfast on Sundays was only 8-9:00am. The TV wasn't tuned in properly and stayed that way despite requesting it too be looked at. The biggest joke was the &quot;en-suite&quot;. This was a tiny capsule which looked identical to the toilet you find on a plane with a small area for a shower. When I say small, I measured it as we were gobsmacked. It was actually only 36&quot; wide x 18&quot; deep.This is not an exaggeration as I took photos to prove it to anyone who needs to see. Needless to say, at 6ft and 16 1/2 st I couldnt use the shower. My only positive point is that it is in walking distance (2minutes) from Paddington tube station. I would say save your money and look elsewhere, as there are many there much nicer and cheaper. Oh, that room cost us 97 pouns per night!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Loved the friendly Falcon	The staff was very friendly and eager to take care of every need. I felt right at home. Everything was extremely clean and attractive but also very affordable. Service was great. The breakfast room was welcoming and the food was plentiful. The hotel was five minutes away from the high speed express to Heathrow. It took 20 minutes to go from my room to Heathrow! I will definitely book with them again. I have used over a dozen London hotels and this is the best for affordability and service. No high end hotel ever made me feel as personally cared for.	
Aug 16 2007 	Very disappointing to be treated in such an appalling manner	I booked a total of 8 nights over a period of 4 weeks during June/July 2007. After checking in on the first night I was informed my room was not available for the remaining 7 nights I had booked as it was being renovated. No explanation was given to me when I asked why I hadn't been informed earlier which would have allowed me to make alternate arrangements. Surely they had not just decided to start renovating the day I arrived! I was told I could stay at a more expensive room at the hotel - at my cost of course! I suggested they should let me stay in the more expensive room at the rate I had original booked but they said &quot;no&quot; as they would lose money! Since the Tour de France, summer holidays were on at the same time it was extremely difficult to find alternate accommodation at such short notice and I ended up paying a great deal more then originally budgeted for the holiday, but at least I didn't pay the extra money to the Falcon Hotel!!	
Aug 7 2007 	Falcon Hotel - 9 Week Stay -- Made to feel like home	Falcon Hotel, its staff, owner and setting is nothing but wonderful. Paddington Station is just yards away, easy access to all of London and Heathrow. Hyde Park is about a 5 minute walk and the square across from the hotel is lovely.I spent 9 weeks from May 2007- August 2007 there -- The owner prior to my arrival made sure I was aware that my room was on the top floor (aka lots of stairs) but it was a wonderful single room with a lovely view of the square below. I arrived from Boston to work for the summer before returning to school and was nervous about London and not knowing anyone -- The Owner and the Staff made me feel at home, they saw to any need and assisted me with any questions. They know the names of everyone who comes to stay in the hotel, and they are nothing but professional and helpful.The breakfast was delicious and the staff who prepares it are equally nice and helpful. The rooms were clean, and large for London B and Bs -- I loved my room and was sad to see it go.The owner and staff at Falcon hotel made me feel 100% more comfortable in a city where I didn't know anyone.Thank you -- and I will be returning to Falcon Hotel.	
Jul 1 2007 	a gem of a hotel	we stayed in the falcon in june 07 . found the hotel on the internet , and we booked our rooms over the phone and just by speaking to the owner i knew that we had made the right choice of where to stay whilst in london.the hotel is very clean and the beds are &quot;propper beds&quot; extremely comfortable . the bathrooms are a decent size and we had the luxury of a power shower (room 5) two of our group had a room at the top of the hotel and it was a bit of a treck but to be fair we were told of this before we booked the room so it was our option to book it .all the staff are vvvfriendly and are on hand to advise you on &quot;how to get there&quot;? breakfasts are good and you can eat as much as you want . would stay here again without hessitation, and would reccommend it to anyone travelling to london as a great place to stay the mcneils from wales	
May 15 2007 	A nice place to stay	From Javed &amp; FamilyDate : 04.05.2007Falcon Hotel in paddington, London is a nice budget accomodation in a fantastic location and near to the famous shopping areas. Staff are friendly, reliable and show consideration for the guest.The whole family enjoyed very much. On arrival the concierge welcomed us warmly and showed us to our rooms. The rooms were clean, spacious, easy to move around, the lights were set nicely and beds were comfortable which is not the case everywhere.In the morning we were given a welcome pack containing maps and guides, and were informed of the various events going on around London and the Famous places in england. This made our trip more interesting.Good selection for breakfast with open buffet, both english and continental. Assistance for luggage ,and they even help us to find a cab on our departure to the airport.We had a nice and pleasant experience in London and will come to falcon hotel again next time. Thank you for the good sevice and consideration**	
May 8 2007 	Good Location	This hotel was conveniently located for us. We arrived from Heathrow to Paddington Station and it was across the street down a block. Also, there was a Big Bus stop right near the hotel. You could also walk to Hyde Park from there. The staff were very nice and accomodating. We enjoyed the breakfast. The room was a little musty since we were in the basement. There was my husband and 2 school age daughters. The bathroom was tiny too. We only stayed there 2 nights so it was tolerable especially since it was one of the cheapest I could find and it did not have bed bugs!	
Feb 16 2007 	Average accommodation in a good location	This is a reasonably priced hotel (compared to average accommodation prices in London) which is in a good location, situated on a quiet square across the road from Paddington train station. This is a popular area in which to stay while visiting London and every building on this particular square seems to have been turned into a hotel. In the area around Paddington Station, and also in the station itself, there are shops, restaurants and internet cafes!We stayed in a twin en-suite room which was very small but quite comfortable. There was a TV in our room as well as tea-making facilities. While the decor was a bit dated, we were happy with the overall standard of the room.Breakfast is included in the accommodation price and consists of beans, egg and bacon with tea or coffee. Cereal or fruit is also an option. The breakfast was just about ok but the beans tasted a bit strange!One morning we arrived down for breakfast at 9.01am and were told that we would not be served as breakfast finishes at 9am. When we expressed our disbelief at this, we were told by the manager that the &quot;cooker is turned off at 9am and cannot be turned back on again!&quot; The next morning, we arrived down for breakfast at 8.50am and were met with much disapproval by the kitchen staff who asked if we could come earlier in future. I found this to be exceptionally bad customer service. If they say breakfast is served until 9am, then they should serve breakfast until 9am, no questions asked!The following morning, we were in our room packing in order to be checked out by the requested time of 10am. At 9.30am we received a knock on our door asking whether we were ready to leave yet, and again about 15 minutes later! Unbelievable! Again, if they say check-out time is 10am then they should stick to that.Our overall impression of this hotel was good at first but we soon got the feeling that the staff were more interested in getting their work finished quickly than providing quality customer service. And we felt under pressure several times during our stay here. I would not stay here on a return visit to London but rather in one of the other hotels on this square (eg. Cardiff Hotel).	
Nov 17 2006 	A simple budget hotel - just averige but good service	Stayed there for 3 nights in a single room (number 20) with shower, no toilet. Payed 39 pounds (reserved via internet).The room was on the top (4th) floor - like all the Falcon's single rooms are. Lot of climbing, narrow and steep steps. Toilet was 2½ floor down - entered there with my room key. Room was quite big (in english standard) and very quiet facing the Norfolk Square. Windows are only one glaced so could hear the sound of the trees leaves.Shower was in the room and had only a plastic curtain. Suppose the floor carpet had got wet many times - there was a strange smell in the room. A small writing desk with coffee and tea making facilities. Also a small water basin.Television wasn't very big and the remote control didn't work, even if the personnel changed the batteries. Bed was comfy and towel was changed every day. No small towel for face, only a big one.Breakfast room is crampy and breakfast was served only until 9 o'clock. Some people missed the breakfast because of that.Breakfast was good: two kinds of cereals, applejuice, coffee or tea, eggs, beans and one slice of bacon, toasted bread, butter, pineapple and peach slices (not fresh). The owner - Mitra - is very polite and friendly. Had a good service.	
Sep 28 2006 	Good Location	Having read the other rave reviews all bar one, be careful when booking a room with just a shower and handbasin only. Our double room was very small indeed and the tiny shower was in the room itself not a separate room. While the room was clean, it's general condition could only be considered as fair. However in saying that the location is good, the staff are friendly and the food at breakfast reasonable. It is probably value for money for a budget hotel considering the cost of accommodation in London generally.	
Sep 14 2006 	Look no further!	I have worked my fingers to the bone in trying to find the perfect low budget accomodation in London. Have ended up in poor and expensive hotels. But not anymore! I have found the Falcon!Perfect location at the right price! Clean and friendly, nice beds, good breakfast Nice chatty people at the desk. It´s not the Hilton but it suites me perfectlyThe only little nag would be the breakfast, a bit more variation and its a five!	
Feb 13 2006	Clean excellent value.	7 night stay. A real treat to have NO SURPRISES. Clean, excellent value. Would definately stay here again. Useable sized shower and toilet (in my room).Helpful, friendly staff made me feel at home.	
Jan 7 2006	Very disappointing	After reading some fantastic reviews of the Falcon Hotel on this site, I have to say I was hugely disappointed with what I got. Although the hotel advertised itself as having a 24-hour desk, it closed very early every evening. My room was very small and shabby. The &quot;ensuite&quot; consisted of a loo in a cupboard (it was so small, the door wouldn't close once you were inside) and and shower that was situated in the room itself! You can get much better value elsewhere.	
Nov 25 2005	Enjoyed our stay at the Falcon Hotel	Hello,We would like to thank you for making our visit to London 23 - 24/11/05 more enjoyable and relaxing.Right from the initial contact for the booking - till leaving we were well looked after and nothing was too difficult. Help was always available and with a friendly smile. The hotel is ideally suited for travel from our railway station Paddington, which is only a short distance away, and to easy access to the tube where you can easily reach central London within minutes.The hotel is in a very quiet location and the roads are well lit.I found the rooms warm, very clean, more than adequate in size and with an ample sized bathroom with shower and toilet.The bed was extremely comfortable enabling us to relax and catch up with those zzzz's.Breakfast was brilliant - All freshly cooked with so many choices.This is a gem of a hotel and we would certainly use it again and put our reputations on the line by recommending you to our friends.Thank youThe Dean's from Wiltshire.	
Oct 26 2005	Home away from home!	Needing a place to stay in London during a month-long trip while on sabbatical from my university teaching position in California, I took the recommendation of a colleague to try the Falcon Hotel. It was a wise choice. I am particularly grateful for the willingness of the owner-managers to store some of my luggage at the Falcon while I was away for “run-out” trips of a few days each to Paris and Stratford-upon-Avon. They arranged for me to return to the familiar surroundings of the same clean and cozy room after each trip away. And the room rate provided for my extended stay was quite reasonable, enabling me to fulfill the primary purpose of my visit, which was to concentrate my time and money into the pleasure of attending theatre performances. Given the convenient location of the Falcon within just two short blocks from the Paddington underground and railway stations, with similar access to bus stops, I thoroughly enjoyed the privilege of getting to anywhere I wanted to go in London in just a few minutes, while avoiding the more expensive lodging within the West End theatre district. I found the entire staff of this charming little bed and breakfast hotel to be courteous and helpful. As a senior citizen travelling alone it was a comfort to have the folks at the Falcon make me feel as if I had a home away from home while in London. I look forward to returning soon!	
Oct 1 2005	really Love it - A+	stayed there for 3 nights and recommend it to anyone.. friendly efficient clean place very convenient to get to and right on top of hyde park... A+	
Sep 29 2005	Loved the Falcon Hotel	We stayed in Falcon when we were visiting London from the US. Falcon is in the heart of London, close to all interesting places, as well as a major train station to get to any place easily. We could get on the train within one minute of walking and quickly go to any place we wished. We could also walk out and see the usual tourist attractions, pubs, and restaurants close by. However, it still looks like the hotel is in a residential area, as if you are on the set of Mary Poppins.The room was spotless, clean, and pleasant. All four of us stayed in the room with one twin bed and two singles. Breakfast was great, traditional British style, and the cost very reasonable. We could also go to the airport with the express train in about 10-15 minutes, a huge plus in London. Enjoy your stay!	
Sep 29 2005	Very pleasant stay... cute place	I have travelled to London from Wales for my own consultancy firm and have stayed in all kinds of hotels and b&amp;bs but as the wfe decided to accompany we thought we try something new when she found Falcon on the web. Well, we were not disappointed by any means.. The prebooking queries and questions for a double en-suite room were responded to fully and promptly and were most helpful.. checking in was also very friendly and help and advice was always at hand.. you just dial 0 from your room 24 hours a day and more like a 5 star hotel they go out of their way to help (even delivered toilet paper to our room when we ran out!)...The room wes furnished traditionally and very clean.. the bathrooms seem to be new and very clean too.. room sizes were bigger than I was used to and just comfortable (I have been to many places with higher prices but in much smaller rooms)... thir website mentions they use marrriot double beds in their rooms.. I have never been to a marriott before but their beds were proper and very comfortable with sprung base and sprung edged divans not like contract beds with 4 wooden legs I had the pleasure of sleeping in before. The beddings were clean and fresh. Our room was quiet and my wife in particular was relaxed and felt at home.Breakfast was what you expect of a b&amp;b but fresh and as much as you eat. I am not a breakfast person and just had orange juice, toasts and coffee, plentiful! Whilst shopping my wife popped into a few other hotels and could not match the price for the quality, so overall we think we had real value for money at £59 a night........ thank you Falcon for such a wonderful place, wonderful service and wonderful stay! will be back!	
Sep 25 2005	Ideal location for first visit to London	Just returned from a 4-day stay at the Falcon hotel that more than adequetly met our needs for our first trip to London. It is very easily located from both Paddington underground and the main rail station and it is an ideal base to explore the many attractions and sights that London has to offer. The hotel's location also has a small selection of local pubs, restaurants and shops without having to travel to far if you don't want to. Apart from the good location the hotel itself would ideally benefit from being up-graded. Other than offering a bed for the night the bedroom and bathroom areas were particularily small and offered minimal comforts whilst relaxing in your room after a busy day or a evening out. After viewing 3 rooms we were kindly offered a further that seemed to be the best to what we had already seen. Understandably, you expect to get what you pay for if you choose to stay in central London however, I equally felt that the nightly rate of £69.00 did not justify what the actual hotel had to offer their guests. Besides the basic accommodation the breakfast was also poor with no imagination or choice being offered. 2 eggs, beans and 1 rasher of bacon was considered to be the Full English - any deviation from this was not straight forward as the staff had limited understanding of English and thus were unable to meet the requirements of their guests. This was disappointing as we all enjoy a cooked breakfast whilst on holiday- or ceratainly like the choice!!!. Even the fruit juice and cereal selection was limited with only 2 varieties being oferred- I can't ever recall staying anywhere, both nationally and internationally that such a limited selection is considered adequate and acceptable. Even more so when catering for such a diverse clientelle that London attracts. Besides the basic comforts and value for money of the hotel, the proprietors were very nice people and were always accessible for a chat regarding advice on the best places to visit and how to get there. On the whole we had a very enjoyable stay at the Falcon and although being a bit disappointed with the accommodation and its facilities we had a very good trip and enjoyed our stay. In acknowledgement the Hotel and it's staff contributed to this and I would cetainly not rule out returning there primarily for their friendliness and it's good location.	
Sep 20 2005	Pleased with the Falcon	My sister and I stayed at the Falcon for eight nights. I booked the hotel from online information only. Although at first we thought the room on the small side (being spoiled by U.S. standards), we quickly got used to it. The room was on the park side and though street sounds were moderate through the evening, by later hours it was very quiet except when emergency vehicles were heard in distance. Our beds were extremely comfy. The room was clean and the bathroom adequate for our needs. Bring a washcloth. Only towels given each day. We had also read that ahead of time.The staff was friendly and knowledgeable..I had lost my passport and they printed out a map to the embassy for me. Breakfast was served each morning in a clean, bright room. Although each morning the meal was the same..eggs, (no scrambled)fried ham and toast or you could have cereal and; that was fine with us. Hot tea, or coffee to drink. That was the best coffee I had ever had and I looked forward each morning to it. The Brits know how to keep their drinks hot..not lukewarm like those served here.The location was fabulous, we hopped into the station in two minutes and were able to walk to great shopping areas in ten and eating spots all close by of any kind of cuisine. As you might tell..we just loved it and would go there again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 23 2005	Convenient Budget Stay in London	If you're looking for the Hilton, move on. If you need clean, convenient and safe this is the place for you. We had the family room in the basement, and the room was larger than we expected. I'm 5'4&quot; and the shower was a tight squeeze for me so beware if you're larger. It was, however, very new and CLEAN. The breakfast was was mediocore at best, and the staff in the dining room had limited English (at lest on the weekend we were there) which meant you got what you got--it seemed as though special orders weren't tolerated. The strength of this hotel is its location--literally a minute from Paddington Station which is a real bonus if you take the Heathrow Express in to London. The neighborhood is safe and has a lot of restaurants nearby (ASK etcetera) that were fine. If you have kids I'd recommend it--especially since there is a McD's and Burger King just up the road.	
Jun 2 2005	Falcon Hotel London	We stayed at the Falcon hotel 2 times over the past few weeks, and would recommend it to any one traveling on a budget.We actually stayed in three rooms while there,and all of our experiences were fine. The breakfast was average, and the TV in room 16 was fuzzy, but otherwise,everything was fine. The staff was helpful , friendly, the rooms were clean, and the price was reasonable.What more can you ask for?	
Jan 25 2005	Good Price 	I thought the Falcon Hotel was a great place for the price and location. My friend and I stayed in late January 2005. No doubt, the rooms are small but it's manageble. The full english breakfast is &quot;Beans &amp; Toast, Coffee or Tea, Bacon and Eggs.&quot; (I think it's good to know what consitutes a Full English Breakfast) The hotel is very close to the Paddington Tube Stop. There are many resturants close by that include fast food, sit down's, Indian, Greek and a mini-mart if you just want a sandwhich. There is a post close by and a place to check your internet close by for 1pound for 1/2 hr. Now the beds may look a little dingy but they change the sheets daily. It's just the comforters that look worn. The TV in the room is a plus when your winding down from a long day of sight seeing. Overall it's not fancy but it's resonable prices are comparable to the states.	
Dec 5 2004	Good location		
Nov 19 2004	The best I ever seen		
Nov 9 2004	Loved it		
Oct 31 2004	Warm friendly budget place		
Sep 4 2004	Just fine		
Aug 28 2004	Not the best		
Aug 16 2004	Solid for budget travellers		
Jun 1 2004	Great B		
May 31 2004	Not so good		
Sep 28 2002	Good Value 		
Sep 14 2009 	???????		
Jul 1 2009 	no me volveria a quedar en este hotel		
Mar 20 2009 	buen sitio por un buen precio no es nada lujoso buen desayuno		
Feb 27 2009 	evitate questo hotel		
Oct 13 2008 	Ottimo staff		
Nov 3 2006 	Très satisfaisant		
