Nov 25 2009 	Great staff excellent location	I only stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, but I wish it had been longer. You can't beat the location, you can literally see Gloucester Rd tube station from the hotel's front door. I wasn't exactly what you would call an easy hotel guest as I had a broken leg, but the hotel staff were really so kind to me and organised for me to get to a hospital to see a doctor, and really just went out of their way to make sure I was accommodated. As I was confined to my hotel room for the entire stay I feel well qualified to comment on the standard of the room, and I found it to be perfectly comfortable. Perhaps it was because I had heard so much about how small European hotel rooms are but this room felt large to me. The bathroom was also great, good size and really good shower. I only paid something like 60GBP for a double room as it was last minute so it was really good value as well. So overall a really good stay, I will definitely return the next time I am in London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Bring on the £2.5 Million refit as soon as possible	Location and Access : Within 2 minutes walking distance of Gloucester Road Underground Station (District/Circle Lines and Piccadilly Line (with direct access to Heathrow Airport)). Easy walking distance to Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, South Kensington Museums and Royal Albert Hall. In the vicinity are a variety of convenience stores, restaurants, cafes etc (some open 24 hours). *Google Earth Reference : It is possible to view the hotel at street level. *Architectural Style : Several late Victorian era houses combined to form one building. The white exterior has largely maintained the look of the original buildings with colonnaded entrances and large windows *Reception :This is difficult to access as the outside entrance is up a small flight of steep steps and non automatic glass doors. Tricky with a large suitcase and a couple of hand bags. Decoration is light and modern. Reception staff pleasant and busy. *Public Areas/Decor : On the ground floor, reception, lounge, bar and restaurant have been modernised at some time. The lounge area looks particularly inviting with light wood panelling. The lift was slow. Corridors on the floors I visited were narrow, dingy and smelly. *Guest Rooms : I had booked a single room and this being London I did not expect a lot of space. Needless to say I was not disappointed! My first room, 113, I found to be very noisy, due to the plumbing and adjoining guests. Having complained the next morning I was immediately offered another room (215). This was the same size as room 113 and also affected by noise – my comments below are common to both rooms (except where indicated). *Decor/Maintenance/Cleanliness : The impression of smallness was emphasized by the uncoordinated patterned wallpaper, carpet and soft furnishings. Wallpaper scratched and marked, ceiling paper peeling off (215) paintwork marked/damaged. Heavy mahogany furniture taking up more space. And leading to the overall feeling of depression. Every surface ring marked and stained. A strange, unpleasant odour pervading the room. *Furnishing/Bed : The condition of the furniture was the worst of any hotel I have stayed in with stained seating cushions, damaged surfaces. The hotel chain proudly promotes its “Dream Beds”. I could see nothing special. In fact quite squishy. Linen seemed OK but the bedspread had seen better days. Curtains drawn permanently with a note to say this is to keep the room cool. *Bathroom : A tiny space indeed. Shower (held together with gaffer tape (215)) impossible to regulate water flow and temperature. Badly grouted ceramics throughout. Tiny hand basin. WC. Heated towel rail so hot it had to have a warning notice. *Amenities including Entertainment : An old fashioned TV bedecked with feedback forms, cards, leaflets (surely a potential fire hazard?) Radio channels. Tea and coffee making but nowhere to conveniently plug in the kettle. Wifi internet access from £4.50 an hour. Exorbitant. And as I discovered plenty of BT Openzone connections; free to Total Broadband customers *Lighting : Adequate but with damaged fittings (113). *Heating/Air Conditioning : An efficient up to date Mitsubishi A/C system. *Food Offering : Room service is available – but I don’t know where it would be possible to put a plate in rooms 113 or 215. A restaurant is open for dinner which has some special offer set menus. The Polo Bar operates a popular “Happy Hour”. Breakfast. Simple continental. Cooked items available– but have to be requested. *Green Credentials : There are lots of signs encouraging guests to reuse towels, not have linen changed etc. *Security : Room access is with a key card. In room safe – needs a key to be obtained by contacting reception. *Value for Money : By any stretch of the imagination staying in London is not cheap. Had the accommodation been to an acceptable standard I would have described the nightly rate as fair. But it was not. *X Factor : None whatsoever. The irony was that I stayed over the weekend when the clocks went back and had to endure an extra hour! *Footnote: Following my stay I contacted the booking agent to express disappointment with my stay. Within 24 hours I received a call from the General Manager of Rydges who apologised unreservedly and offered to refund the total cost. She also confirmed the hotel is hopeful of a £2.5 million refit taking place in the near future. Full marks for accepting responsibility and I hope the improvements come as soon as possible!	
Oct 31 2009 	Cockroaches... small ones	I read the Management's response to the review by Hash2283 (Avoid unless you like cockroaches) and it sounds like a typical lower management response. They get into telling you how you are actually WRONG and they are RIGHT. They have so many reasons to explain their poor performance but don't actuality accept you know what you are talking about. I hate this sort of thing. Argue for your limitations and you'll keep them, I always say.Lift your game RYDGES.I asked how much I was paying for my room and was told it was confidential and I'd have to ask my travel agent. What are they trying to hide? Justifying your bad hotel is NOT dealing with customer complains. The correct approach is to DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Are you listening RYDGES?My experience was different. I has a top floor room over looking the street but I did pay £148 (AUD $268) per night. Yes I checked with my travel agent. A cute Aussie girl at the front desk did tell me my room was going for £135 (AUD$243)Close to a Tube station on the Piccadilly line direct to Heathrow, a supermarket (Waitrose) in the tube station building. Chemist too (Boots).I liked the breakfast and the staff were lovely. We got a free bottle of Champagne in our room as it was our honeymoon. (Berri Estates. South Australia) I came all the way to London from Australia to drink Australian bubbly...lol. The Poms love our good value wine. And drink it in quantity (to put it up the French who think Aussie wine tastes corked)Our room was small but well lit, quiet (double glazing) and close to everything especially the beautiful an relaxing Hyde Park.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very comfortable for several night stay	This past weekend we stayed in a basement room that was not on the street side. While for some this could be a bit claustrophobic, in fact the room was rather spacious by London hotel standards, with plenty of room to walk around and put things -- we were told that these basement rooms are bigger than the ones upstairs. The room and bath were clean, and the twin beds were very comfortable. A real plus for the room we were in (508) was the complete lack of hotel or street noise. Also, the bathroom was big, the water as hot as can be, and the shower was superb. The only downside is the lack of daylight in the room, so it is not a place to spend time in during the day. (Go up and sit in the lounge off the lobby.)The 8-minute wait at the toaster is definitely something the management can do something about. Other than that, we thought the continental breakfast was quite sufficient. If you want to supplement it, a nice Waitrose is just across Cromwell Road. (We went there and bought some really good cheese and Activia and brought them in to breakfast.)I would also recommend that the management update the carpeting near the lift in the basement. It is getting rather grubby.	
Oct 18 2009 	Rip off hotel dont order breakfast in your room read more!	Arrived to find a pleasant reception area and a accomodating member of staff.We booked an Excecutive room for two nights including breakfast.A The room was bigger from floor to ceiling than it was wall to wall and the bathroom was minute. B We had no where to put or suitcase so we jammed it on top of the small single wardrobeC The window looked out into a wallD The breakfast was ok on the first morning but the single toaster was totally inadequate and the waitrees had to be shown what butter was. She denied they had any at first &quot;Strange&quot;We decided to have room breakfast on our second dayE It arrived cold, no butter, no orangeWhen we went to check out the had charged us £35 for the privalage stating that room breakfast was charged twice because it was not included. We told them it was cold incomplete and under no circumstances we paying for it twice.The manager Tish was surley and begruging realising she was not going to win this unfair battle, reluctently removed the disgracefull double charge.Lesley James2	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location	The Rydges Kensington Plaza is a very nice hotel located in upmarket Kensington ( I saw more Aston Martin's in one day than previously in my whole life!) and in easy walking distance to Glouchester Road Station. The hotel was nice and refurbished in an early 1900s style that is common for the area (so no flickmixers!). The facilities included a small restaurant, little pub and some business facilities for guests to use. Some gym memberships for a local 'top shelf' gym are available to use as a guest. The staff are friendly (mostly Australian) and were happy to assist in anyway. The rooms were spacious and very clean. The hotel is surrounded by plenty of cafes and restaurants in the area to enjoy, the Indian restaurant next door was very good at a reasonable price. The only complaint was breakfast - a very uninspiring event that could easily be rectified with a new toaster and a few more quality choices. All in all, we enjoyed our stay and enjoyed an uniquely English experience.	
Oct 9 2009 	Steer Clear of the Twin Rooms	I have no clue what the larger rooms are like so i can't comment. I paid $160 for a small room with two twin beds for my traveling companion and me. It was on the first floor in a dark corner of the building with a window facing out to the dingy building next door with the neighbors talking loudly. I felt as if i was in a tenament building. When I asked for a different room they said all of their twins were on the first floor, so be careful, this room is definitely not worth $160. I also was treated to a very cold shower in the morning. The water never warmed up to more than lukewarm. Again, when i called the front desk they said they'd &quot;look into it.&quot;. They never got back to me. I got the impression this was the &quot;standard procedure&quot; when dealing with a complaint.	
Oct 5 2009 	Avoid unless you like cockroaches!	On arrival to the hotel I was told I was given a letter from the manager (see photo) inviting me to a complimentary drink from the bar between 6pm and 7pm. I checked in at 7.05pm - bit pointless but a nice gesture nonetheless.Was put in a room on the basement floor. Poor lighting and generally glum room.Went to the bathroom around midnight on the first night and found several cockroaches scuttling around the floor. (See photos and can also provide 2 videos on request.)Phoned reception and they sent someone down to investigate. The staff member took a sample (by stamping on a cockroach and then wiping it off their shoe). I was then offered another room which I gladly took.Breakfast the next morning wasn't fantastic. The buffet toaster (see photo, at the far away end of the buffet table) was a 4 slice toaster that literally took about 8 minutes to barely toast some bread. With over 80 rooms in the hotel, I don't think everyone's going to be able to get some toast at that speed. The main conveyor belt toaster was lying on the floor behind the buffet table. Bread was very thinly sliced, no doubt to save on costs.Orange juice had been incorrectly reconstituted from whatever state they purchase it in as it was incredibly sweet.Settled for cereal and some yoghurt which was acceptable.Avoid if you can unless you like a hotel with cockroaches in central London.	
Sep 30 2009 	Small but clean and good location.	We stayed here for 4 nights in August 09. I wouldn't say it's four star by Aussie standards - the room was really, really small, but this is typical of Europe, and the decor was nothing special - just basic. The bed was comfortable, but you can hear all the street noise. Its not the sort of room you'd relax in and spend a lot of time in, which we didn't. The hotel bar is tiny, but there is a nice lounge area with pool table. Buffet brakfast was good. The staff are friendly, and we found out on the last morning that the hotel contracts a driver so if you want/need to go anywhere you can book the driver at a flat rate for any sightseeing you want to do. Down the road are cafes and shops (Tesco supermarket), a great pub, a laundromat, post office, money changers, and eateries. There is also a tube stop a few steps away. The red hop-on hop-off bus stops at the hotel so this is handy. Harrods is about a 15 minute walk (or 3 minute bus ride) down the road, and Kensington Gardens is about 10 minutes walk. There are also regular buses into the city centre.	
Sep 26 2009 	So small I couldn't swing a cat.	Stayed in a single room for three days, the room was a converted corridor. Each morning the mini bar person would walk down the hall bashing on doors yelling mini bar at 8am. No he didn't bash on my door the room was too small for anything other than the single bed and the dresser that had the TV perched on it, I had to crawl over my bag to get to the &quot;bathroom&quot;. It was over priced and overrated. I Love London but this place had me thinking I had stepped back dark ages there was no Wifi and the computer in the lobby was 6 GBP/hr for a SLOW SLOW connection.	
Aug 14 2009 	Huge differences between rooms	After being checked into a single rooms, which was extremely small, I requested to be moved to a bigger room, which they agreed to do only for a fee of 50 pounds a day, which was rather steep. The first room was so small that it only fit a bed, a nightstand with a TV on it and a chair. I kept my bag on the floor in the bathroom, and moved it when using the bathroom. I'm used to small rooms, but this one was extreme, and I couldn't stand being in it. The upgraded room was much better, although not that great considering the price for the upgade. It had a nice terrace, high ceilings with rich moldings and the &quot;worn out elegance&quot; look, but it could use some updating, especially with electricity and plumbing (the separate faucets for hot and cold water which are impossible to use). Breakfast was excellent, especially their yogurts with fresh fruit mousse and their fresh fruit salad. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient. There is a pub off the lobby and a club room/library to read and relax. The elevator is ancient and very slow. The hotel has a great location one block from Gloucester Road underground station which is on the Picadilly LIne direct from Heathrow Airport.	
Aug 9 2009 	fantastic location	We stayed here for a couple of nights before we went to Dover to go on a cruise. The location is perfect. Everything we needed was in walking distance. We stayed in room 417, at the back of the hotel and we found it to be very quiet. No traffic noise in the centre of London!! We slept comfortably, the bed and pillows were so comfy and the bathroom was a good size. As for the size of the bedroom, it was ok, not large but hey we're staying in a hotel in Europe, they're all small compared to Australia and Asia.I was happy with the staff, they were very helpful and polite.I would stay there again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Looked posh reviews awful-Reality Great	Couple 50+May 2009: I'm an ex-Londoner. Ignore all the bad reviews, this hotel is great. Not expensive for London! For an old friend's 30th wedding anniversary down the road, this was perfectly situated. And next to the French Lycee, where I did all my schooling. And at least 3 museums for hubby to visit. Looked over-posh from photos and dreadful from reviews, so I wondered... Huge marble entrance hall, very welcoming Aussie staff, so understanding of my slight handicap and need to smoke! Consists of just two old Victorian houses, looks like the whole row in the photo. Yes, rooms are small, but nicely decorated, with all mod-cons. Had a view over the back, lovely multi-coloured mews. One night on 2nd floor, then when chatting about smoking, we were told we could on the 3rd floor and they'd move us too. 24hour room service too, amazing. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Exceptional Service Prime Location Absolutely Wonderful!	The Rydges Kensington Plaza was my home during my 11 day stay in London and thanks to the warm hospitality of the staff and the excellent location of the hotel, I have decided to make it my home every time I travel to London. The Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum and Science Museum are literally 5 minutes away on foot, Harrods is close by, Kensington Gardens is down the road and everything else is within walking distance including Chelsea, Westminster, Holland Park and all the attractions of Central London. If you're not as keen on walking as I was, you can use the Gloucester Rd Tube Station which is a one minute walk! There are supermarkets, food courts, atms, post office, bureau de change, restaurants and internet cafes all along Gloucester Rd which is very convenient and a bus stop right outside the hotel. This hotel is definitely the best place to stay when in London.	
Jul 12 2009	Good location for The Albert Hall	I stayed at the Plaza for one night with my Mum. I`d bought her a ticket for The Killers at The Albert Hall for her B`day! Great location, very easy to find, a short walk to the Albert Hall &amp; we also felt quiet safe walking back to hotel after the concert. The basement probably didn`t have the best rooms in the hotel but thats what you get sometimes if you book through Superbreak! The beds very very comfy and room was quiet. Hotel was quiet nice, clean &amp; staff friendly. I would stay here again and The Killers made it one of the best nights of my life!!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Hotel to stay at.	Me and my wife stayed here from the 6th - 10th July 2009. Mr and Mrs Heath. We found our stay here very enjoyable. The room was very nice and the breakfast excellent. The staff were brilliant and very polite and helpfull. Who ever makes a bad report about this Hotel must be very shallow.We will go there again.	
Jul 8 2009	Rydges Kensington Plaza - London	Our family of 3 stayed at Ridges Kensington Plaza in London and found it to be quite a pleasant experience. The location is excellent, near shopping and restaurant areas, the tube, and Kensington /Hyde Park, lots of museums within walking distance. The room was cozy, yet ample and the bath was up-to-date and fairly spacious. The restaurant is very good. Over-all a a nice place to come back to after a hectic day.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good Location	Stayed 3 nights in a 3rd floor twin room. Air con worked well and quietly, fridge was quiet, shower very powerful. All very clean and staff friendly. Good location for shops, Kensington High Street, nice restaurants and pubs. Breakfast was good the one mornign we had it. There is a burger bar called Byron (turn left out of hotel) that did a lovley breakfast. Good for buses and tube - great for Albert Hall. I'd stay there again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fine no problems!	Stayed for 1 night in a double room on teh 1st floor. Place very clean, room was of ample size although bathroom small.Had breakfast and evening meal which were very enjoyable. Very pleasant staff. Excellent location, would stay again.	
Jun 20 2009 	Brilliant Hotel. Situation superb	I have stayed at this hotel several occassions. The staff are very friendily/helpful and knowledgeble. The location is brilliant. 50yards from Gloucester Road tube station. Which is good, as i am a single traveller, coming back late at night after a show. Extremely handy for the museums. Some of the single rooms are on the small side. But when you are out all day and only using it as a base. its okay.The breakfast is out of this world. I would 'pig-out' at breakfast and would last me all day.Restaurant brilliant	
May 23 2009 	Loved it here..would stay again.	Must say, I'm a bit surprised by some of the current reviews! My best friend and I have just returned and stayed here for a total of 7 nights, over a two week period, with a Paris break inbetween. We had two different rooms over this period. The first room, was on the ground/reception level. Very roomy and comfortable. Two single beds and decent sized bathroom, (small shelving, we couldn't fit all our 'girlie' stuff on, which was our only gripe!), good hairdryer and iron/ironing board in room, plenty of wardrobe space for two women (!). No view to speak of, could see the building next door, but we were never in our room during the day anyway, so it was not a concern for us. I discovered later, there was a family in the room next to us, with young children, but we never heard them. They had been very noisy children, apparently and their parents were worried we were being disturbed, but we never heard a thing! Very clean and quiet. Tea/coffee facilities and the usual expensive 'mini bar', but still room in the small fridge to fit a couple of our own things like drinks &amp; nibbles.The second time, we had a room on the third floor, with front street view. Did not notice any traffic noise, or noises coming from other rooms, where there were other guests, because the hotel was full that weekend. This room was larger, again with two single beds and ample storage/wardrobe space and good bathroom (larger shelf in this one!) and other amenities, the same as the first room.Can't commend the staff enough. Nothing was too much trouble and they even went all out, when my umbrella bent in the wind and they assisted in repairing it for me:)Breakfast was good, we thought. Plenty to eat, fresh bread, ham, cheese and fruits. Cereals, pastries and muffins. Cooked breakfast was extra to order, but we didn't feel the need to order cooked breakfasts, because the continental breakfast was enough. Aussies: No vegemite at brekky! BYO. Wait staff very attentive and polite and friendly.Dined in the actual restaurant, only once and the food was nice, fresh &amp; tasty and priced the same as elsewhere.The area this hotel is in, is fantastic. Bus stop at front door, which we likened to a tourist bus anyway, because of the route it takes past a lot of major attractions and another bus around the corner, which takes a different route, but again, past other major attractions. We had pre-purchased Oyster cards, which we found handy and usable on all forms of public transport. Tube station on nearby corner and post office and bank across the road, and another bank around the corner. Supermarket also on corner and numerous restaurants and cafes, money exchange, hair dressers, all very close. Kensington High Street (with all the shops) also closeby. Casino closeby.Separate Bar also in hotel, with 'Happy hour' two for one drinks each late afternoon/evening, another lounge area with pool table and two computers with internet access (One pound for 20 mins and you can't use USB sticks or CD's in these computers.) We ordered transport, to St.Pancreas station, through the hotel, for a set rate and a lovely Mercedes van and driver promptly showed. Better value than a regular cab, which would have cost much more!That's it, I think! Overall, a very good place to stay, reasonably priced and I have already recommended this hotel to some friends.	
May 10 2009 	You get what you pay for	We stayed at the Rydges Kensington Plaza when visiting London for an anniversary getaway and to take in a concert. The hotel just about hit the mark as somewhere warm to sleep but other than that it was a pretty disappointing experience. The room was incredibly small, smelly and old. I am trying really hard to think of any redeeming features but there are none that come to mind. The bathroom was, I think &quot;victorian&quot; is the best way to describe it. Old, cracked fittings, noisy plumbing and erratic water supply (both hot and cold). Breakfast was a grim affair with cheap food being served up in a cheap excuse for a buffet by cheap staff who obviously thought of us as cheap for staying there.And there is the crux of the matter. For the price we paid we did not expect luxury (and we did not get it) but we honestly felt that we would have received far better value for our money by going with a budget brand. On a previous visit to London we stayed at the Holiday Inn just around the corner and were pleased with the predictable, consistent service provided.The RKP was recommended to us by friends who were actually not surprised at our negative reaction. This was somewhat perplexing but apparently the hotel is well-known for the variation in the standard of its rooms and guest experiences vary accordingly.On the positive side, the reception staff were cheerful, friendly and very, very helpful. They went out of their way to help us make the best of our stay and seemed genuinely embarrassed at the poor accomodations they were selling.The location is perfect for tourists, right next to a tube station, on a bus route and close to the major museums. There is a bank and post office across the street as well as a Sainsbury, Tesco Express, Boots and a good selection of bars and restaurants close by.Bottom line - if you are on a sightseeing trip or city break and are lucky enough to get a decent room then you will be happy, otherwise consider going elsewhere. I would not even begin to contemplate staying in this place on business.	
Apr 28 2009 	A great hotel in a great location.	The service was excellent from the reception staff to restaurant and bar staff to the room cleaners. The breakfasts were very good and the evening restaurant menu and service were also good. We have stayed in many hotels in different countries and we were more than happy with this one. We would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to others for the facilities available and the closeness to museums and the underground.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Location; very pleasant stay	I chose the hotel primarily because it was close to where my friends live. It was my first time staying at a London hotel and I didn't expect much. Everything turned out to be great - nice room, double bed, good view of the street, quiet and clean. It was also nice and warm. Location is superb as it is right in South Kensington and close to the tube stop.	
Apr 19 2009 	Ecellent location for Royal Albert Hall - average quality	I wanted to see a concert in the Royale Albert Hall, so I choose a hotel in walking distance. This hotel fits the bill and is also close to a good tubestation. The hotel looks very impressive from the outside and the reception area is also very luxurious. But it doesn't keep up the standard. In the corridors and lounge area the carpets ars riding up. My single room was OK but the furniture was dated. The shower cubicle was a bit dirty. The bed was good. I had a room on the streetside but it wasn't too noisy. I did have a problem with my neighbours above. They moved a lot during the night and because of the fact that the light fitting on the ceiling was a bit loose it always sounded like it was going to fall of. I didn't have breakfast in the hotel. I had lunch in the bar. I had to wait almost an hour for a dish that was lukewarm. But the taste was good. I didn't like the staff at reception. They were always flustered and didn't really speak to you. Always doing 3 things at the same time.	
Apr 18 2009 	Was expecting better	After seeing the photos etc for this hotel I was slightly dissapointed when I arrived, I thought I had seen small hotel rooms in London however this had to be the smallest room I had ever seen, the bathroom was even smaller the hand basin was over the toilet bowl and even being a petite person I literally had to slide under the hand basin to sit on the toilet so not sure how other people would use the bathroom!!On the positive side the location of the hotel is excellent very close to the tube and resturaunts etc, the staff were nice as well. The continental breakfast was also very nice as too were the resturaunt staff.Overall great location but would probably stay in same location again but different hotel.	
Feb 7 2009 	Not very impressed - Great Location though	Myself and my fioncee arranged a 2 night stay at the Rydges in Early January. We booked here because of the proximity to the tube, which is a 90 second walk.The hotel itself looks very grand from the outside, as you can tell from the photos, and gets worse from then on. The first problem came when we were getting ready to go out. The hotels website has clearly stated that all rooms had ironing facilities, which is essential for someone who packs shirts like I do. However, there was a nice red tag stuck to the iron informing me that it had failed it's annual safety check - in June 2006, some 18 months earlier!The second problem occured upon trying to have a shower. Nice enough shower room, although I was not impressed when the showerhead decieded to fall off for no good reason, only narrowly missing me. This, accompanied with the fact the toilet took 6 minutes to refill following a flush, did not speak wonders for the bathroom. However, the handyman did fix the showerhead with a new version with such speed and precision, I doubt it was the first time he had to do such a thing.So, having returned from a dinner in a creased shirt, we bit the hay in a very comfortable double bed.The third problem occured at 7.45 am, then again at 8am etc etc. Unfortunatley, our room was sandwiched inbetween 2 housekeepers cupboards, and the aformentioned housekeeper seemed to delight in slamming doors, raming a kart into them to open them, and just about making as much noise as possible! On the way back from a rather nice continental breakfast (with charming waiting staff), we mentioned the problems of the iron and the noisey housekeepers to reception. Instead of suggesting a solution, they pointnblank denied that there were any housekeeprs there before 9am, and even told us that we were wrong, and there was no housekeeping cupboards anywhere near our room! After a wee bit of an argument (I hate being called a liar), we were moved to a different room later in the day, which was fine to be honest, apart from a very familiar little sticker that said the iron had failed it's safety check... In 2006!On the good side, there was a charming little bar with great staff in the lobby!	
Feb 6 2009 	Fine for a short stay - excellent location.	I spent 3 nights at the Rydges during Jan 09 on a short leisure trip to London. I try to take a trip to London about once a year and this was my first stay at this particular hotel. Overall I had a good enough experience. The location of the hotel is fantastic - just meters from Gloucester Rd tube (Circle, District and Piccadilly line), within walking distance (like 5 mins) from the V&amp;A/Natural History Museum/Science Museum. There are about a dozen restaurants and cafe's on the same street as the hotel, there's a waitrose, a 24hr Tesco, Boots and Starbucks so it has all the local amenities you need.I was in a single room so of course it's going to be small, although it was smaller than I expected. The room was nice enough though, a little bit worn looking but not dirty or unpleasant - as long as a room is clean and doesn't have paper hanging from the walls or something like that, then I'm not really hard to please when it comes to hotel rooms! I was in the first room next to the lift exit on the 2nd floor which I admit worried my a bit when I first saw got to the room, but to be honest I didn't notice much extra noise. The hotel is on a reasonably busy road so if you're really bothered by traffic noise this might not be the wisest hotel choice. I've read a few reviews complaining that the rooms were cold and yes it wasn't exactly toasty in there but it was mid January! I found it comfortable, I would rather that than have a room like a sauna!I booked this hotel over a cheaper one as I wanted somewhere with room service as I was travelling alone. That was my only slight disappointment. The menu for room service was a bit too fancy and I felt slightly overpriced for my taste. But with all the local shops within walking distance it was just a small disappointment to be honest.The reception staff were pleasant but apart from that I didn't have any other interactions with the staff. Generally, location is my first priority when staying in London so this was ideal for my purposes. Price would be my second concern so I'm used to hotels on the budget end of the scale. It wasn't the best hotel I've stayed in but there were no major gripes and certaininly nothing that ruined my stay. I guess it really depends on what you expect from a cheap hotel. I paid £69 per night on a special offer and for that price there are no complaints from me, not sure that I'd have been so happy if I'd paid much more than that.	
Feb 3 2009 	Coldest little room in England	I booked this hotel for one night as a last minute trip to London. The deal was cheap and I was in too much of a hurry to check the hotel out properly. I would not go again.The hotel is three minutes from Gloucester Rd tube, so you are good to go in terms of location and access. The hotel itself is not unwelcoming, it's in a period property and the lobby is grand enough. The problem was the room. It was a corner room, with large windows on each wall of the two corners, the ceiling was ridiculously high, as is expected in such historic properties. Sadly, the heating for it was not adequate enough and I needless to say, suffered and shivered most of the night.I don't know what the other rooms are like, I was first given a street facing room which was too noisy and then asked for a quiet room and got the cold one. In retrospect I would have preferred the noisy one. There are thousands of hotels in London. Try not to go to this one in the winter months at least.	
Jan 18 2009 	Fine for a business trip	I needed to stay in Gloucester Road on a budget - I had a job interview. I read the reviews of Rydges, and was a bit worried about noise and cleanliness. But, for £99, I can't complain. My room was a bit small, but it was perfectly clean and very quiet. I didn't have much to do with the staff, but they seemed friendly enough. Other than a slightly small room, it was on a par with more expensive hotels I've stayed in in London.	
Dec 15 2008 	Do not book in this hotel!	The MOST horrible experience I have ever encountered in my life. The people were very very unfriendly, impolite, the lift did not work, the rooms were dirty, furniture marked and old, some rooms very very cold, others were like a suna, the shower was cold, the sink was blocked and all this was in a double room in a 4 star hotel???? I do not think so... what ever you do, read to the previous comments and do not book at the Ridges Kensington Plaza.The most terrifying hotel I have ever been to!!!	
Nov 27 2008 	Like it !!!	A TripAdvisor Member , ISRAELVery good hotel !!I like it very much, it wasclean and qiut.50 Meters from underground !!!Bus station on the front.Close to very good museum, 300 meters !!.The food for brekfest was enough and and OK.Good resturant neer by foot !!!	
Sep 28 2008	Adequate base for Royal Albert Hall trip	I chose this hotel as a reasonably priced establishment (at £65 per night through Londonnights.com) close to the Royal Albert Hall. It is not an absolutely central hotel but only a few tube stops from Piccadilly Circus. The nearest tube station is Gloucester Road, just a stone's throw from the hotel, which also has a good selection of shops and cafes on its door-step. Kensington is, of course, a clean and pleasant neighbourhood.The hotel is in Gloucester Road, close to a busy road junction. The hotel entrance inspires confidence, leading to an impressive foyer/reception area. I was given a single room on the 4th floor, at the front of the building. The room was small but well-furnished with heavy, quality furniture, but showing some signs of wear. However, the room was bombarded with traffic noise from the road and reeked of cigarette smoke. I hadn't specifically requested a non-smoking room, but I thought they should have covered this point during check-in. The bathroom was so small that access to the toilet was restricted by the washbasin. It was also equipped with a shower. I had requested a quiet room with a bath but obviously got neither. Finally, I deemed the room unacceptable when I noticed a loud beeping sound every couple of minutes, which I later discovered was coming from the stairwell immediately outside the room.I finally decided to request a replacement room. This request was grudgingly granted by a frosty-faced receptionist. The new room was similar to the first, only non-smoking and with a slightly bigger bathroom. This time the window wouldn't close properly, but at least the secondary glazing closed. However, noise from the road still proved intrusive.Despite problems with the rooms, there was a feeling of staying in a proper hotel for the price, and not just a cheap 'Bed &amp; Breakfast'. There was a lounge and games room off the foyer, as well as an adjoining bar/pub.Continental breakfast was included in the room rate (though this was not made clear by Londonnights). The breakfast staff were pleasant and helpful - a big improvement on the reception staff. A reasonable choice of food was on offer, which provided an adequate breakfast.On my morning of departure, a further staff annoyance was the fact that housekeeping knocked on my door no less than 4 times between 8:30 and 11:00. This is despite being told on the second occasion that I wouldn't be checking out until 11am.This hotel provides a reasonable London base, particularly for a concert trip to the Royal Albert Hall. The traffic noise in the front rooms might prove too much for some people. The staff also need some lessons in Hospitality, particularly in smiling. These two factors reduce my rating from 4 stars to 3 stars.	
Sep 3 2008 	A terrible Hotel	We have travelled to six countries in the last month, this has to be the worst hotel we stayed in, you could have put up with the rickety lift the terrible breakfast, the fact that there are no amenities that you don't have to pay for, but the worst was the most unfriendly and most unhelpful service that I have ever encountered. We struck one young man who tried to do his best but the odds were stacked against him. The restaurant attached was even worse. Where do they get these people from. The management needs help in employing ,obviously they have no idea how to employ for the service industry.From management downI would get rid of everyone and start again, it is a shame to have a great location spoiled by such terrible service.	
Jul 30 2008	Great service great staff	We stayed in your hotel in October 2007 and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We had a problem with the room being a smokers but that was fixed in no time and we got another. The staff we found to be very helpful at all times and advised us many times of places to go and opening times and how to get there. As well everything you wanted is in the area,Laundremat,resturants,transport. Loved it. Len, Seaford Australia	
Jul 26 2008 	EXCELLENT SERVICE	We have just returned from a trip to various countries and found Rydges Hotel in Kensington (London) the most enjoyable of all the hotels that we stayed in. The rooms were kept clean and the food was of a good standard. The staff were extremely helpful at all times and with the hotel having many Australians staying there it felt like home.The location was great with transport at the door. We woul not hesitate to stay at Rydges when we visit London again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Dampdirty and dark rooms ..avoid this place	We stayed in this hotel first in 2006 as it was recommended to use by Wimbledon when we got tickets. The first experience was fine with no major conplaints. We returned a year later to the hotel when we were going to the Concert for Diana. The location of the hotel is good and really handy for everything without being too close to the busy centre. When we got out room we discovered that we were stuck in the rooms below the street level meaning it was very dark but also you didnt want to open windows as there were steps down from the street level making you feel slightly unsafe. The room smelt really bad of damp, the wall paper was coming of the wall in massive chunks and the room was dirty. After spending a few nights in the hotel i was glad to be going home as i felt really unclean and the smell of damp got worse over the stay. Breakfasts are ok but nothing special. The experience was totally different from our first stay and i know that they had the biulders in but this was awful and the next time i was staying in Gloucester road a few months later i stayed at the Radisson Edwarian Vaderbilt which is much nicer and alot cleaner. Stay away from this place and avoid the basement rooms	
Jun 9 2008 	Location is the only plus...	There is only one thing going for this hotel and that is the perfect location for a break in London. Everything else is mediocre and sometimes bordering on unprofessional. I kept asking myself...&quot;is there an operations manager thats passionate about standards in this place?&quot;. Some examples -1. the fourth floor had three buckets placed along the corridoor to capture water from a leaking roof. 2. A spare matress was folded up and stored right in front of the lift as you exited the fourth floor. i'd understand if it was a one off during cleaning etc but it was there for 3 days! The main lift did not function for 3days - how hard could it have been to fix the lift? Meanwhile, guests had to use a back up lift (that could barely fit a suitcase) for the entire period. I would also advise all single travelllers to read previous reviews carefully and believe them. The single room is a joke and i can imagine that a maximum security cell is bigger than this box room. see the picture postings by another review where the headboard and foot of the bed are both touching walls. I'm over 6 ft tall so had to sleep in a foetal position throughout my stay. i found it unbelieveable that with all the discomfort, this &quot;4 star&quot; hotel also put a tiny bottle of water in the room with the sign that it would cost me 2 pounds 50 pence (almost $5.00) when i could simply cross the street and buy the same water from a grocery store at 50 pence ($1.00). In the restuarant, I cringed as i overhead an elderly lady try to order a hot breakfast and the waitress was struggling with communicating in English, she finally said there was no hot breakfast available and felt no remorse when a steaming English breakfast was served by her colleague to the couple on the next table. In a nutshell - dont bother with the Rydges if you want a relaxing and comfortable break. however, if you're either desperate or dont particularly have high standards and want a great location - go to the Rydges.	
Jun 2 2008 	A Disappointing Experience	We have just returned from a week at this hotel and were disappointed. We thought that the hotel was poorly maintained and shabby. I guess it depends how much you pay, but we paid a lot and were surprised, given that it is part of the Rydges Group.A light bulb over the handbasin was blown and was not replaced (difficult for shaving) and there were cockroaches in the bathroom. A lot of the staff seem to be young Europeans for whom English is a second language and we had difficulty ordering scrambled eggs for breakfast! Our room was below street level and was very musty and smelly. Water from the shower and handbasin took a long time to drain away and the toilet was very difficult to flush.The hotel is centrally located and near an Underground, which is good, but there was a lot of street noise at night.We wouldn't stay there again.	
May 19 2008 	Location is the only bonus	We stayed on a romantic weekend break but were a bit dispointed, the room was a bit 'worn' and the wallpaper was peeling. Whilst it was clean I wouldnt say was spotless.Our room was quiet but when trying to check out there was a very irate man complaining about noise, I understand he was next to all the fan's / air-vents!As part of our stay we booked the 'ten tables' restaurant, which is part of the building for 8pm but on arrival it was fully booked and they didnt fit us in till nearly 9pm and didnt comp any of our drinks we had whilst waiting in the pokey sports bar. Meal was nice in parts, some dishes being much better than others.Location is good for tube station and natural history museum	
May 8 2008 	Wont be back here!	Got sent here by otel as my original choice of hotel was over booked. I had read Trip Advisor before going and if I had being staying loner than one night I would have sought another hotel, as the reviews are pretty accurate.This hotel badly needs updated. Decor is worn and old fashioned. The bathroom was clean but again very dated and several floor tiles where broken and loose.Staff where friendly and the hotels location is good being only 150m from Gloucester Rd tube station, but the place felt all too shabby for my liking.I would not stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 24 2008	Never Again!	I stayed at the Rydges last night, just a one night stopover. I was so glad about this, would not have stomached it any longer. 4 Star?? How are these things rated? I have stayed in a better 2 star places. I had requested a room with a bath rather than just a shower. I do fully understand that this is a request and not a guarantee. However, on arrival the receptionist told me that there was no room with bath available at the moment, but if I didnt mind waiting until late afternoon there would be one free for me. I agreed to this and so left my case in Friends room.about 5 hrs later we returned. I was allocated my room, told it had a bath. Off I trecked to the 4th floor in the terribly slow lift, opened the bathroom door, and voila!! just a shower. I trecked all the way back to reception and was told there are no single rooms available with a bath at the moment...this after being promised one. I said then upgrade me to a double...to be told we only have the suite available, you can have that...for £60 extra!! Needless to say I told them as politely as possible what to do with the suite.My single room, and also that of my Friends was tiny...long and narrow like a corridor, with the single bed squashed up alonside the window, so close that one could hardly pull the curtains. to open the window one had to climb onto the bed. The head of the bed touched one wall and the foot of the bed the other! It was also the narrowest single bed I have ever slept in.It was basically clean, and the bathroom was clean....but bathroom hardly describes it. It was the size of the en suite facilities on a ferry!One thing which I think really needs to be addressed is the fact that whatever they wash the bedding in has a very strong perfume. I cannot be the only allergic person on earth. I woke up with red streaming eyes and itchy all over. Very old fashioned and unhygenic to that they had BLANKETS on the beds.All in all not much to write home about, and I would never stay there again ...I may recommend it however to someone I disliked intensly :-).The good thing about the place? LOCATION, and that is all.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great if you don't mind sleeping in a sauna!	I should have known better. I booked the hotel before looking at the trip advisor website where several of the comments were less than complimentory. The hotel recommended to us (NH Harrington Hall) was full so this was a last-ditch attempt to be in the Kensington area.The reception area looks fairly grand but look a little closer (you don't need a magnifying glass believe me!) and you can see poor paintwork and general shabbiness without the chic!The reception staff are effiient but couldn't really care whether you are happy or not. The worst thing of all though was the room! Tiny with no room to put even a carrier bag, it looked out onto the air-conditioning unit on the roof. But the heat!...oh the heat! We tried to keep the window open a fraction with a shoe, tried turning the heat down but to no avail. We got back from outings only to find it hotter than a trek through Borneo. You could feel the heat as soon as you walked out of the lift. The best thing though was location. A short walk to Gloucester Rd Tube station. The breakfast was reasonable but the 'fresh fruit' was all dried up and inedible looking o just stick to toast!All in all, not a bad location and an 'ok' hotel. Just don't pack pyjamas - you won't be needing them!	
Mar 10 2008 	You get what you pay for.	I booked this hotel through Octopus and was very nervous after reading previous reviews. Bearing in mind what other reviewers had said I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it was a little 'tired' looking however the room was spacious, even with a put me up for my 7 year old son, and most importantly, very clean. The location was great - practically opposite Gloucester Road tube station. Breakfast was basic but offered a very affordable full english for £3.50. Staff were helpful and offered us directions and assistance whenever we needed it. My biggest complaint was the noise. Both nights we stayed had parties going on until midnight and we felt we were trying to sleep in the middle of the dance floor, but I guess in London on a Friday/Saturday night that could happen anywhere. Also, the air in the plumbing meant there was a noise whenever we turned on the tap. Only small things in the grand scheme of things.Overall we had an enjoyable stay.	
Feb 3 2008 	Loved the Rydges Kensington Plaza	The Rydges Kensington Plaza Hotel was excellent. We had a very spacious room and the location is fabulous. The only problem was that we were in the Basement – below street level (because the rooms are more spacious we were told), and the corridor and room smelt very musty and mouldy (not real good for the allergies and sinuses). However, it was worth putting up with the damp smell to have the space in the room. The breakfast was really good – a buffet with lots of variety of cereals, breads, pastries, fruit, juices, coffee and teas, and variety of butter, margarines and jams and spreads and even vegemite for your toast. The front desk staff and Porter were amazingly helpfu and nothing was a problem. I would recommend this hotel to others and would be happy to stay there again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Poor Booking Systems and Unhelpful Staff	I made an on-line booking for a friend on the 1st of February for the 17th of February. This was through the Rydges own website. On the morning of the 4th, I visited the hotel to pay for the room in advance. Despite having a confirmation number, and a confirmation e-mail, the receptionist said the booking did not exist and said that on-line bookings can take several days to come though to the hotels system. (Is that not a recipe for disaster, and cause over-bookings?). He also said they did not accept pre-payment, even though I'd done that with Rydges before. He suggested I speak to the Reservations Manager later on, obviously not interested in resolving the issue.So I got back home, and cancelled the on-line booking. Rydges is a nice hotel, but let down by poor systems and staff.	
Jan 15 2008 	Don't Bother	My wife, daughter, son-in-law and myself stayed at this hotel from 6 January, 2008 until 10 January, 2008.We were left very disappointed by what we found. The hotel images on their website looked impressive, but in reality the hotel did not live up to expectations.The reception staff watched as my wife struggled to negotiate her suitcase through the heavy glass doors of the hotel and eventually was assisted by another guest.I booked two queen rooms and was given a tiny double and a larger queen room. When I spoke to the reception I was told by two rather uninterested staff that all rooms were queen size as a fob off. I told them that as I was paying the same price for two queen size rooms that I expected them to be both the same size with the same facilities and got them to move me the following day.Even the larger rooms were tiny and two people with luggage occupying the room will find it difficult to negotiate cases etc between the &quot;queen size&quot; bed which was actually two single beds pushed together and the tv unit.I checked my account via the in house system in my room, and was supprised to see the account belonging to the gentleman in the room across the lobby.The hotel however is in a very good location and handy for public transport and the hop on/hop off tour buses. Also there are plenty of restaurants etc. nearby.The hotel needs a complete refurbishment and the carpets in each of the lift areas are rippling and need to be re layed.The hotel advertise the fact that they have an atrium lounge, where guests can relax with a coffee etc. but when we were there you could not access it due to it being booked out for some sort of conferenceAs I travel on a regular basis and am used to a certain level of accommodation, I had a look inside the Holiday Inn (tower) which is a two minute walk from this hotel and wished that I had booked there instead, as it had all the facilites you would expect from a large hotel chain.Personally, I was completely underwhelmed by my experience there and will not be staying at this hotel again on my next trip to London. I would strongly advise fellow travellers that they can find better accommodation for the money this hotel charges for their pokey rooms.	
Jan 13 2008 	Such a small place	My friend and I stayed at this hotel, it was very small and pokey.We had 2 single beds in our room and we could not move, there was no one to carry your ports to the lift and to your room.The staff were not to bad we had arranged for the airport flyer to pick us up from the hotel on the day we were leaving at 5 in the morning, they did not show so my friend and I had to take a streach limo to the air port which cost us 50 pounds, we had alredy paid 90 dollars for the air port flyer which we did not get back.The only good thing about this hotel was the location, dont know where they got 4 stars from.Looking out of the bedroom window was a brick wall, no fans or air con.The room was like a small sweat box.	
Dec 15 2007 	An average 3 star hotel	There is a sign in reception saying it has a RAC 4 star rating - it is not 4 star by any measure, only a mediocre 3 star.Location is good, 150m from Gloucester Road tube station and there is a fair range of eating places near by.Reception staff are slow and incompetent but at least are friendly. Bar is cramped but then so are tthe bedrooms. My bed was comfortable enough and a better than average drinks &amp; biscuits tray was supplied. I couldn't open my mini-bar because the lock was broken but the small bottle of water in the room was priced at £2.50! (there is a Tesco Express opposite the tube station - stock up there).The cooked breakfast was very good - cooked to order with decent ingrediats.If the price you can get is OK, this is a viable alternative to the central London hotels.	
Dec 9 2007	Great Location but run down room	The location of this hotel was excellent, it was very close to the tube. Apart from this, I will not stay at this hotel. Everything inside the room look so worn. Had to turn the tap a lot of times before the water finally comes out and the toilet would not flush sometimes. Would not recommend this place.	
Nov 22 2007 	great location!	Location was perfect, on the Picaddilly underground line direct from Heathrow. The tube station was just across the road so it was easy to carry suitcase.Hotel itself was nice and clean and comfortable. We were in room 305 at the front of the hotel, where there are older sash windows which would have left in a good deal of noise from the busy Gloucester Rd but they had pvc windows attached so it was quiet enough to sleep.Continental breakfast was included in the rate and was good. You could get hot food too, for a small extra charge.Science museum and Natural History museum are around the corner, along with other tourist sites.The Original London Bus Tour stops right outside the hotel door.Staff are friendly.We would stay there again.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great reception area belies the rooms behind	Supposed to stay for three nights, but could only manage two. Very impressed by the glossy reception area and bars. Staff very friendly and helpful. But once you get out of the frontline, what a disappointment. Rooms so small you can barely swing a cat; carpets grubby; table chipped and battered. The bathroom had been recently done and was fine - clean and well maintained. As for the breakfast, you had to pay extra for something cooked. The coffee wasn't nice; most of the fruit on offer had come out of a tin and the selection of pastries were miniscule. That said, the hotel is being refurbished and the staff were, without exception, very helpful. I had to change rooms on arrival because of the disgusting smell in the one allocated, and there was no problem in doing that. Bar staff again very helpful, as were the breakfast waiters. But those rooms really do need improving big time.	
Oct 20 2007 	Disappointing	Not sure how this hotel gained 4 stars, can only be on the basis of offering a health club. The rooms are pretty shabby. We had upgraded our room to have a queen size bed so didn't go for the cheapest option. The bathroom looked as thou it had had a recent refurb but someone forgot to deal with the peeling paint on the ceiling, ditto the bedroom. Decor was from the 1980's and the curtains were so horribly faded, they looked better suited to a cheap b &amp; b at some rundown seaside town. Location is very good for the tube and museums but will definately not stay there again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Maybe a 3 star- but barely!!!	We are just home from the U.K where I stayed at this property twice. The first time in a Queen room where the bed was so saggy it offered no support - but it was only for one night. Later in the month I returned with my daughters to stay a week in a triple room. All three beds were so old they had huge dips in them. For the whole week the lift wasn't working. For the whole week there was a problem with the phones so you couldn't make outgoing calls from the rooms. Upon checking-in the bathroom shelf was covered with plucked eyebrow hairs (I hope that's all they were! ;-) ) On the second morning when I turned on the hairdryer it sparked in my hand as the cord was all worn. The lobby had been updated and looked nice but the bedrooms were tired- water damage around the ceiling lights, broken and lifted tiles in the bathroom. But in saying all this it is a good location and most of the staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfasts were good but really I would have been happy with it had we expected and paid for a 2 star property! We checked out a night early and I registered with Tripadvisor just to warn others.	
Sep 17 2007 	The worst experience I had	I stayed at the Rydges Kensington Plaza Hotel in March 2007, arriving from New York on my way to Australia. Base on the hotel's services, facilities and quality, a 4 star rating is not warranted. It is more like a 2.5 star standard. It is no where near the standard of services and quality compared with other Rydges Hotels in Australia. The rooms are not only very small, the carpet and furnishings are old, tired and smelly. The air conditioning did not work, every time the adjoining rooms next door and above my room used the toilet, tap or showers, the noise could be heard in my room. Also every time I flushed the toilet in my bathroom, the plumming shaked and rummbled. The room allocated to me faces the main road and the noise is unbearable during day and night. As the air conditiong was not working, I had to open the windows. Even when I closed all the windows at night, the traffic noise was unbearable. Furthermore, every movement in the room above mine was clearly audiable ie I could hear the foot steps of the guests above my room. The tiny lift was also unrealiable and slow, forcing most guests to use the stairs. Wake up calls never came and breakfast were over priced and dreadful. To top it off, the hotel lost all my laundry / dry cleaning. Whilst I was there, the hotel staff has assured me that the General Manager had agreed to compensate me for the lost items. I found it disturbing that after I returned home, the hotel has changed its tune by saying it would not compensate me for the lost laundry. I have travelled all over the world and I find it insulting that Rydges would behave like this. Based on my experience, I therefore advise you not to stay in this hotel. I had the worst experience and will now spread the news to the world.	
Sep 13 2007 	Not 4 star	Stayed in a tiny single room in a warm week in september. The width of the room at its' maximum point was the length of a single bed , which was how it was arranged. No air con as advertised when i booked the room with lastminute. Not a great problem but it could get quite warm and once you open the windows you may as well be sleeping on Gloucester rd listening to the traffic noise. Bathroom ok and clean. Breakfast good for a continental. The lobby and communal areas are as nice as in the pictures.Overall, it may call itself a 4 star hotel but I didn't stay in anything close to a 4-star room.	
Sep 11 2007	Be careful you don't get robbed!	As a businessman who travels 4 -5 months of the year, this was the worst experience of my 30 year career . I stayed in the Rydges Hotel expecting a reasonable hotel (4 stars but cheap price should be a caution). I left my broom-closet of a room for about 2 hours on Saturday night only to find on my return, that my room had been robbed. The thief had stolen my laptop computer (not something one would lock away), my sunglasses and some new shirts The thief probably put everything into the shopping bag of the shirts?The response from the hotel managemant has been the biggest surprise- they have displayed absolutely No ownership of the problem even though it means that unknown people have easy access to rooms. I must say when I eventually went to sleep that night, I felt very unsafe and insecure.	
Jul 26 2007 	real aussie hotel - great service	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights - it had a real aussie feel to it. The breakfast room had vegemite on the tables!! The service was great - our room was spacious and clean with an incredibly large bathroom. Unfortunately we were in the basement which didnt appear to have airconditioning and had a bit of a smell in the hallway which we hope was only temporary. The location was good - only a short walk to the subway and the street felt very safe. It had a range of restaurants close by.	
Jul 2 2007 	Very Disappointed	My wife and I had stayed at the Rydges in 2004 and were looking forward to returning. What a disappointment. First of all the entire front of the building was covered in scaffolding. A little bit of notice would have been nice since we had specifically requested a front room. After the less than pleasant staff got us checked in they seemed to be suprised when I informed them that the airconditioning was not working in the room. (We found out later that the airconditioning had been out in that wing for a week and they were lying to us.) &quot;Sorry. There are no other rooms. You'll just have to open your windows.&quot; Well no problem....except that we have workers on the scaffolding just on the other side of the curtains and at night the city noise is more than enough to guarentee no sleep. Day two, painters at our window bright and early. Feels a little awkward dressing with strangers seemingly in the room and still more lies from the staff about a repair crew on the way. We were on our way to checking out when the housekeeping manager thankfully discovered our displeasure and found us a cool room away from the noise. If it was my hotel I would fire everyone at the front desk and promote housekeeping which was the only staff in the hotel doing it's job. To their credit, the rooms were spotless and perfectly clean.Anyway, on to the rest of our stay. I remember our previous trip starting out with a full English Breakfast. Now it's Continental stale cereal and warm fruit. You can still order breakfast but they are slow and it will cost extra.The location is still wonderful but I would highly recommend the Montana Hotel next door. At half the price and newly remodeled rooms it's a great deal. Just bring your own washclothes.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Hotel great location.	Great hotel very close to the Gloucester Road tube station and also the 74 bus stop. Room was fine, older style but clean and bathroom OK. Double windows stopped traffic noise even though it was on a busy road. We only had continental breakfast and thought it was one of the best we had in a hotel, lots of cereal choice and even porridge! Lots of bakery items and choice of bread for toast, juices and good choice of jams etc. Staff helpful especially reception. Public areas were very smoke filled at times but I am allergic to cigarette smoke so probably noticed it more than most. New rules 1 July in UK might help this problem. There were eating places close by and also a Waitrose supermarket. Post office opposite so all very convenient. Public phone in the foyer of the hotel and lots of leaflets.	
May 16 2007 	great location	excellent location for stay. Reception, dinningroom sitting room excellent. Reception staff helpful.Best that can be said about bedroom was it was cosy and reasonably comfortable if you do not need to spend too much time in room.Room VERY small. We expected small in London but this was ridiculous.Housecleaning staff excellent though room could have used a general clean. Marks on wallpaper and ceiling. Bathroom very nice.Breakfast excellent and staff great.Management need to pay attention to what clients book. We booked double bed and got twin beds decided not to complain because we were worried a double room would be even smaller. We had least had a foot ( honestly!!) between the two single beds.Generally we had an ok stay but would consider different accom in same location for next trip ONLY because of size of room.	
Apr 9 2007	Excellent	My friend and I wanted to meet up in London for the Easter weekend. She found this hotel, and got a terrific price (sorry, I don't remember which website.) It was great. The check-in was quick, staff were very helpful and the room was spotless. We had single rooms, next to each other, on the fourth floor facing Gloucester Road. I kept my window open and it was fine. The room and bathroom are small,but everything you need is there. I found the bed to be very comfortable. We also had drinks in the bar, which was very cosy and reasonably priced. We also had the set meal in the restaurant and it was great. The only, tiny complaint I had was in trying to use the internet access. It was £1 for 10 minutes, and the network was so slow that I was only able to read one email in that time. But otherwise, a totally great experience.	
Mar 27 2007 	Brilliant!	I stayed in Rydges for 4 nights in March 2007. Got a bargain through 'lastminute' where the cost per night was nearly half that of the rack price. I was tucked into a single room on the third floor, facing Gloucester Road. The room is of adequate size (London standard) equipped with a television (7 channels), hairdryer, wardrobe, telephone, safe, tea/coffee facilities. Although the iron, ironing board and trouser press were nowhere of sight in the room, I'm pretty sure they would be happily provided by the hotel staff if necessary. The temperature of the room was just nice and the traffic noise from Gloucester Road was bearable unless you are an extremely light sleeper. As mentioned by a couple of reviewers, the shower has excellent water pressure. On top of that, both the room itself and the toilet/shower were spotless. The bed was in good shape and clean too. Continental breakfast has a good selection. The hotel restaurant as well as the bar comes in handy too. The restaurant also offers 24 hours room-service dining. Most of the hotel staffs were friendly and helpful. The lounge provides a good spot to hang out before or after a day. There is also a coin-operated computer with internet access at the lounge although those with a laptop could easily connect onto the payable t-mobile hotspot. Rydes is easily accessible, with the Gloucester Road tube station 1-2 minutes walk away. A bus stop is situated literally outside the hotel and I think one of the sightseeing buses made a stop there. Royal Albert Hall, South Kensington Garden, Hyde Park, Science Museum, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum are all of walking distance (15-20 minutes) too. South Kensington &amp; Chelsea (where the hotel is located) is a nice neighbourhood! Wide variety of shops can be found along Gloucester Road (Waitrose, Boots, Fastfoods, Pizzas etc.). To sum it up, I had a wonderful experience with Rydges and the stay was very very comfortable. I've previously stayed in 3 other hotels in this area and Rydges is definitely top on my list. Highly recommended!	
Mar 21 2007	Avoid	As a frequent traveller to London and elsewhere, I would strongly advise avoiding this hotel. I feel so strongly about it, I even specifically registered with tripadvisor to post this review. I thought I had booked a non smoking room through my agent and had even gone to the trouble of confirming this request by phoning the hotel internationally several days before. I was then placed in an extremely small smoking room which absolutely stunk of cigarettes and mildew. When I asked to be moved, they said it was a non smoking request only and they were under no obligation to follow it. They were even rude enough to imply that I had not phoned them to confirm and was making it up.The room was tiny even by London standards, the bed so old that it was hard to even stay on it such was the sideways slope of the mattress, and the bathroom only marginally bigger than that of an airline toilet. With the exception of one, the staff were unhelpfull to the point of rudeness and even small, simple requests were met with the attitude that they were doing you a great favour. By the way, the &quot;deposit&quot; for the key to use the safe in your room is non refundable upon checkout. Overall, a completely unsatisfactory experience.	
Feb 28 2007 	leave it alone	Not really terrible and I am sure that - depending on the budget - some folk would put up with it. I normally stay in the Millennium across the Gloucester Road - but it was full.This to me is a down at heel hotel - very small room with an even smaller shower and loo. Thankfully I could eat in Olives at the Baileys. Breakfast was &quot;greasy spoon&quot; stuff.Nothing worth writing about and I would not return.	
Jan 29 2007 	great location	Our stay was booked by our travel agent and after previous experiences with minute hotel rooms in London we were pleasantly surprised. We also had a room in the basement which was very big by London standards. We were also next to the airconditioners but they didn't bother us particularly. Like all European hotels the room was hot, so we slept with the window open and were not bothered by the airconditioners(probably because it was winter!). The toilet didn't flush very well but we learnt how to make it function! The towels were very small compared to those in other hotels we stayed in. Breakfast was fine, particularly the presence of vegemite which my 16 year old daughter was craving after four weeks away from home. The location was fantastic. Very close to the Piccadilly line with good access via a lift (and then a few stairs) and easy access to Heathrow. Also the Circle and district lines. There was a supermarket at the station and a range of fast food outlets	
Dec 15 2006 	Very nice experience	I had to stay on the West End for this visit, and I had never stayed in Kensington, so I was at a bit of a loss to know where to go. After reading all of the reviews here and at Expedia, I chose the Rydges and I was very happy with the choice!!!I arrived early (at noon), but they had a room ready and got me right in. The room was very large by London standards, and had a firm mattress and good pillows, although the comforter was a little worn. The view looked into the airshaft, so that was not nice, but I just left the blinds closed all trip.It was one of those rooms that had a bathroom added after the fact, but that means it was a little newer, and had good fixtures. There was no bath - just a shower. But that was fine for me as I only need a shower on a business trip. The water pressure was very strong, the shampoo/soap was a high quality brand (Gilcrist &amp; Soames, I think). The fan didn't ventilate the room too well, so there was foggy glass but that's not the end of the world.They had T-Mobile Hotspot running through the hotel, so I just got a weeklong pass, and it turned out to be very economical. The connection was faster than most Starbucks locations in London, so that was another plus. It's also nice that I was able to use the same pass in the Starbucks around town (which is a drawback when a hotel has some no-name wifi network).The room had a nice refrigerator and a trouser press, which are two of my favourite amenities when travelling for business. :-)The TV Channels weren't the best, and the reception was spotty, but Big Breakfast came in fine in the morning...The free continental breakfast is a real treat, and a very good value. I upgraded one morning to the full English breakfast, but it wasn't really worth it. I suggest sticking with the yummy fruit and cereals. The dinner at 10 Tables was a huge surprise to me. It's the tapas restaurant in the hotel, and it was much better than I was expecting. I suggest the set meal of three tapas (and choose the Manchego Cheese, the Meatballs, and the Chorizo). It comes with a glass of wine and it's a great deal and very yummy!So I was very happy with the room, the rate, the service, and the overall stay.	
Dec 11 2006	great location	My mother &amp; I stayed here for 9 nights in November. On arrival the porter who watched us struggle up the stairs looked the other way &amp; went off to do something else. The room given to us was so small that we couldn't put our suitcases on the floor to open them up. I complained to the front counter so they moved us to a room in the basement ( below street level) the toilet would not flush &amp; we could not sleep because the hotels air conditioners were outside our window. They then gave us a lovely big room on street level. The heater in the bathroom was not working, but thought it best not to complain as I did not want to give up the decent sized room that they found for me. The breakfast is okay , but by 9.30 they start to run out of most things, so if you want something to eat , be there early. The staff are not that friendly, but the ladies on the front counter were very nice. I felt that 9 nights here were too long &amp; would not stay here again.	
Oct 7 2006	Better than review expectations	After all the scare stories about tiny rooms, I was wary, then most pleasantly surprised. Sure, two people would have some difficulty in the standard double room, but it was just fine for one. Cleanliness was fine but for one notable problem, which was quickly resolved within 15 minutes of my checking in. Location is excellent -- just steps from a key tube station, many restaurants and markets (to stock the minibar) and only 10 minutes walking to Kensington Gardens and some museums (the V&amp;A was memorable). Staff were generally pleasant and helpful. Complimentary breakfast is boring and forgetable, but serves the basic purpose. Neighborhood options are abundant. I got a great online price for three nights and would definitely stay again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Exellent hotel!	I stayed here with a friend in September 2006 for 4 days . We loved the hotel; the room was very comfortable, clean and spacious. Excellent continental breakfast, with friendly staff. The tube was 2 minutes away , bus-stop outside the very entrance to the hotel!Thank you for a wonderful stay!	
Sep 8 2006 	stylish great location	i stayed in the plaza in march when i won a trip to london for ireland england rugby match. very impressed with hotel. beds were big and comfortable with large bathroom. all night room service is always a plus after a few drinks! Very close to tube station so anywhere in london is accessible.	
Jul 26 2006 	Good choice great location	A most pleasant and enjoyable stay, upgraded on arrival to an air-conditioned room was most welcome, the rooms are small but clean and comfortable, we didn't come to London to spend our time in the room. Great location, close to the Gloucster Rd. Tube station, resaurants, museums, parks and even Harrods. The restaurant for breakfast was very good, plenty of choice available, good bar for that quite drink after a long day sightseeing, and a very helpful person at the main desk at all times, always prepared to help. We would return and also recommend this hotel when next visiting London.	
Jun 23 2006	Sleeping in a cupboard!	Looking at reviews from Australian guests it would appear that they are given the JUMBO rooms. My room was like a long cupboard with a Heath Robinson style shower room/ toilet. The room at widest was the length of the bed and at narrowest (the shower room) possibly about 4 ft. Windows did not open and air conditioning only worked at one temperature - London was very hot at the time. Public areas were well appointed and reception staff courteous. Breakfast was avergae at best but staff were very helpful. The room and en-suite were clean but TINY (within the legal limit?). Even at supposedly discount price (ie not rack rate) this was very poor value for money and I'd never return or recommend.	
Jun 19 2006	Great time at the Rydges.a	London: Rydges Kensington PlazaDate : 19 June 2006We can highly recommend the Rydges Kensington Plaza. After staying there for 4 days,coming and going at various times of the day, we were always met by a smiling, happy face at reception.Whatever question we posed, they were more than willing to give advise and guide us on our way.This hotel is very well situated, within walking distance of several landmarks and extremely close to the Underground.Bedroom and bathroom was pristinely cleaned everyday.We did not find the hotel noisy at all, despite our room being close to the escalators.Breakfasts had a great selection of cereals and wonderful hot creamy oats porridge! As well as the usual croissants, rolls and toast etc.Thank you to the Rydges, our stay in London was memorable.	
Mar 18 2006	excellent hotel	We stay here for 5 nights and wished we had booked in for longer, the room was larger than we expected very comfortable and serviced daily to a very high standard, staff were very friendy and helpfull and the breakfast was more or less all you could eat fresh fruit was plentifull as well as tea and coffee, the bar was great after a long day, we will stay here again when visitibg London.	
Mar 1 2006	Great Hotel - Close to everything!	We stayed at the Rydges in a double room and a quad room between the 13th-16th December 2005 and found both rooms to be of a very good standard. The double room was clean and spacious enough with quite a roomy bathroom and also contained an iron and small ironing table which we found very useful. Equally spacious and clean was the quad room which had a second bedroom with two single beds off the main room. Both rooms were on the fourth floor and although the double room faced Gloucester Road we didn't have any problem with traffic noise. We found the breakfast to be more than adequate with espressos available on request. Staff were very friendly helpful with directions etc. The public areas are very nice and comfortable (our friends were very impressed with the lounge area) The hotel is in safe area,great for walking with everything fairly close by including some nice restaurants (try Pierino Pizza and pasta - a bit of a stroll but well worth it) and even a supermaket. We walked to Harrods (twice), the V&amp;A museum and Albert hall which were just around the corner and even walked through Hyde Park to Madame Tussauds - a bit of a distance but a great way to see the city we think. We would also recommed the red buses as a great way to see the city. All in all a very nice, quaint hotel in a wonderful area. We would definitely stay again!	
Feb 24 2006	Very nice hotel!	The hotel was overall very small and old for the neighborhood. It's close to the tube station, and that's convenient, but the rooms themselves were very noisy, too cold or too hot, and very very small. The bar has a great happy hour, and there's a wonderful Indian food restaurant in the hotel next door. The seven channel television system and checkout from your room were very circa 1980 and not up to the level you expect from a modern hotel. The breakfast was nice, although not the best we had during our stay.Overall, adequate, but not great.	
Feb 9 2006 	Nice but bring earplugs	While I live close to London, I had two days of meetings that required early mornings so I thought I'd put the money saved on train fares to use by staying over night and getting a good night's rest versus feeling tired and rushed. I got an excellent deal on the room at the Rydges Kensington Plaza Hotel as it's now called. The room was small, but ample for an overnight. The bathroom was very small and only had a shower, but it had excellent water pressure (something that often seems to lack in hotels). The room would've been fine for a multi-night night stay for a traveller who isn't expecting to stay in the room much. It was very clean and included toiletries, an in-room safe, and a tea &amp; coffee tray complete with biscuits. The hotel website had said it was equipped with an ironing board and iron, but this wasn't in the room so I asked for one from the front desk and they brought it up promptly. I had a single room on the fourth floor at the end of the hall. It faced the Gloucester Road which I thought was nice at first, but turned out not to be nice once it was time to get some sleep! I am a very light sleep and often have a hard time getting to and staying asleep. I ended up going to bed much later because I hadn't realised that it had become so late since I didn't hear the traffic die down. I finally put my headphones on and listened to music, nodding off hoping the noise would die down and I'd sleep fine (otherwise my tactic of staying overnight would be all for nought!). Unfortunately that never happened. I slept worse than usual because the traffic from the road never died down. Early in the morning when delivery trucks were out there was a lot of horn-honking too added to the general noise of the traffic. The room also got very warm (the bed is against the radiator) and while I turned the radiator OFF, inconvenient as it was tucked behind the bed, it was still very warm so I opened the window (it didn't really increase the level of noise). The window was a massive thing and because of the bed being situated under it, it was a bit difficult to open and then keep open as you had to use a bit of wood that was on the outside ledge! The building is an old Victorian so it's understandable that they haven't replaced windows. In terms of the noise, I don't think that having an 'interior' room would've made too much difference as there seemed to be another major road on the other side of the block.Breakfast was one of the better continental breakfasts I've had in England (I'm a US ex-pat). There was a huge choice of FRESH fruits already sliced (and ripe), plus the typical selection of tinned fruits, cereals, breads, croissants, jams and spreads, juices, etc. For an additional £3 you could order the full-cooked breakfast or an omelette. Additional charges for espresso drinks, but tea or filter coffee are included. The location of this hotel is fantastic. Normally when I emerge from an Underground station I get completely turned around and head in the wrong direction and it takes me a long time to find my way. The hotel can easily be seen from the Gloucester Road tube station which has a small gallery of shops attached (supermarket, Boots, etc.). There were a number of restaurants and cafes very near by. If you aren't wanting to carry luggage around London with you, the hotel will keep it for FREE during the day. The hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful. The hotel itself is excellent and perhaps if I'd brought earplugs I would've been happier with my stay, but not getting much sleep due to a very noisy location has made me score this hotel a bit lower than it really deserves to be. I might give it another chance, but remember my earplugs and request a room on the backside of the hotel.	
Jan 15 2006	Nice hotel - shame about breakfast	The hotel was formally several Victorian Town houses and is in an excellent location, being close to Gloucester Road Underground station and supermarkets &amp; restaurants making it handy for exhibitions at Earls Court &amp; Olympia, and easy to reach the rest of London.Staff on reception were cheerful and friendly. My room (executive on first floor, I understand it was one of the better rooms in the hotel) was large and comfortable. It overlooked Gloucester Road, but I was not aware of noise from traffic etc. It had a super bathroom, sympathetically decorated with Victorian type tiles with a powerful shower and good sized bath – again with good water pressure. The very large bed was extremely comfortable. The quality of reception on the television variedBreakfast, although adequate was hugely disappointing considering the price of staying here, not really having the service, variety, quality or quantity expected of a “better” hotel. I was not alone in thinking this as I saw food being sent back to the kitchens.All in all a hotel worth staying at – if you can get a really good deal on room rates!	
Jan 12 2006	Fantastic Hotel! Highly Recommended	My husband and I stayed at Rydges in Kensington in December of 2005. We were extremely impressed with Rydges and the staff that worked there. We stayed for about four days and very sad we had to leave!Room was excellent, staff were very friendly and eager to please, room was clean, and the breakfast was fantastic (if you get free continental breakfast with your room make sure you upgrade to the Full English Breakfast for an extra three quid a day, it's well worth it). Bathroom had heated towel rails and fantastic water pressure in the shower. Hotel was in an excellent location, right across the road from the tube station and only four stops until Picadilly Circus station. Indian restaurant two doors up with fantastic curries and very reasonably priced (for London). The Hop on/Hop off Tour bus even picked us up right infront of our hotel.Only disappointment would be that we didn't get our wake up call which meant we were nearly late for our transfer to the airport. We suggest if you are reliant upon a wakeup call make sure you have a backup option, such as a mobile phone or travel alarm clock.Would highly recommend the hotel for any travellers looking for an inexpensive, safe hotel to stay in with good service, clean rooms in an excellent location. Kensington is a beautiful suburb and London itself is fantastic.	
Jan 10 2006	Little gem of a hotel in central London!	We stayed one night at this lovely hotel in the heart of Kensington, as we wanted accommodation near to the Royal Albert Hall. Perfect location, quiet, very close to the tube station, local shops, and nice restaurants. Staff were helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. We had a double room with an ensuite bathroom, which was perhaps a little small, but everything was spotlessly clean everywhere. Very comfortable bed, excellent maid service. Most efficient check-in and check out. We used the valet parking and stayed in London for the day after check-out. Our car arrived back at the hotel very promptly, excellent service, as parking is so difficult in central London. They also offer an airport shuttle service to Heathrow (only £16) and Gatwick (only £18) per person, really useful to know. Highly recommmend this lovely hotel, quite a gem to find in London!	
Jan 3 2006	Great place great location.	I stayed 2 nights here on a brief trip in London during an around the world trip. I booked this hotel based on price and location and got a great rate by dealing directly with the hotel.It is 20 metres from the subway, direct from Heathrow, which was so convenient to get to. Not to mention getting around the rest of London, though I mainly walked. It was close to Hyde Park and from there I walked to all the major sights.I had one of the single rooms, and OK, it wasn't big, but I only planned on sleeping there. And it wasn't as bad as some of the reviews on this site would suggest. It was clean, comfy, with everything I needed including coffee maker, hair drier and lots of hot water. Quiet too!Breakfast was great and they even had vegemite for my toast! The service was also very good for maps, directions, general info including free luggage storage before I flew off again. There's a bar in the hotel which was great for a drink or two - I was alone but met people from all over the world both nights there. In short, this was a perfect little place for my brief stay, excellent facilities and service, and great value given how expensive London is.	
Jan 3 2006	"Great Location. Excellent breakfast"	I stayed in the Rydges Hotel on two occasions in December. Once for two nights,once for one.The Hotel is in a super position with easy assess via the tube to most parts of London. Harrods and many museums are a pleasant walk away. There are many cafes and shops close to the Hotel. Staff were helpful and my luggage was locked away safely on my last day. Breakfast is taken in a very effectively designed room with a bay window. English breakfast was included in my rate and it was cooked to order. There is a hugh array of breads,fruit etc included in the continental breakfast. Be aware however, the single rooms are really tiny and there is noise from Gloucester Rd. I visit London on a number of occasions in the year and would always stay here because of the location and cooked breakfast !	
Dec 17 2005	Good location pretty good hotel	The Rydges is in Kensington, in the west end of London. It's very convenient to a tube station, and close to the Albert Hall, major museums, Kensington gardens and Hyde Park. There are a lot of restaurants and cafes in the vicinity.Our room was reasonably large and well equipped, but overlooked the kitchen of an adjoining restaurant, and a VERY noisy exhaust blower kept us awake. There was no airconditioning, so we needed to keep the window open for fresh air. We asked for a new room, and got one overlooking Gloucester Road - the exhaust fan was replaced by a lot of traffic noise. Oh well.Most of the reception staff are Australians, and it was pleasing to hear friendly Aussie voices after being away from home for some time.Breakfast was very good, and the lounge was very pleasant.We'd probably stay at the Rydges again when in London, but would first ensure we got a room in a good location.	
Dec 5 2005	Disappointing	I have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Rydges and I must say I don't agree with the reviews on this site.I had booked a single room and when I saw it I couldn't believe how small it was, I complained and they said that was of the biggest single rooms they had. In fact they showed me another one and it was even smaller!They did concede that they get complaints about single rooms all the time but there is nothing they can do about it. Fair enough but I will not go back.So if you are a single traveller definitely look elsewere.	
Nov 21 2005	Great London Hotel	This is a great hotel in a perfect location. Very clean and comfortable, literally 1 minute from the tube station and just down the road from Kensington Gardens.Highly reccommended and will definitely visit again.	
Oct 22 2005	great location		
Jul 27 2005	Impressive		
Jul 3 2005	Good value if you get a good price		
Mar 30 2005	Great value stay		
Mar 5 2005	Great location and very comfortable room		
Feb 22 2005	Wonderful!		
Jan 25 2005	Definetly Return		
Oct 19 2004	Great price great staff		
Oct 17 2004	Good Hotel Great Location		
Nov 7 2003	This is a walk out!		
Sep 3 2009 	minimale		
Sep 21 2008 	Rydges Kenisngton Plaza für Alleinreisende nur bedingt empfehlenswert		
Dec 2 2006	bofbofhotel avec caution + chambre hyper petite!!!!		
