	Not bad not great	This hotel was in a great location and reasonably priced, just not very commodious. I didn't notice that it was particularly unclean - my main problem was that the showers were lukewarm and low-pressure, and my room was very small. Its all a bit no-nonsense but for me, the price (which includes breakfast - nothing fancy but it filled me up) and location made it worthwhile. I'd recommend to anyone not too fussy, and who likes good value and great location.	
Oct 17 2009 	worn out	Location is fine. Roomas are cleaned everyday.But the room for three persons was terrible worn out and such a dirtyness that can`t be cleaned. Lamps were not working, hair dryer was dangerous etc.	
Oct 6 2009 	Convenient clean and comfortable	Rooms small but clean, modern and everything worked well. Very convenient location.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good Budget Priced Hotel	For the price we paid it was good value for money, the rooms were clean and cleaned each day.The location is excellent for sight seeing of London	
Aug 22 2009 	Worked out great!	Our other accomodations had fallen through and Leisure Inn fit us in at the last minute. Very helpful.	
Aug 15 2009 	Average budget hotel in a good location	As a person who when it comes to hotels only wants a place to sleep in a decent location, this hotel was pretty much what i expected. I stayed in a single budget room which was was extremely small, but what disappointed was that the bathroom was on another floor. Other main issue was the level of noise, due to the fact there is no airconditioning windows have to be left open in summer and it seemed to be quite noisy both inside and outside the hotel. The location of the hotel is good, only a few minutes walk to both Hyde Park and the underground. As has been said before if all you want is a cheap place to sleep in a decent location then this is a good place, but if you want something more then look elsewhere.	
Aug 11 2009 	Husband and I like this hotel - we always stay here when we visit London	The Leisure Inn is in a great location - near Hyde park, tube. transport, etc. It's my first choice when we stay in London. Okay, the rooms are small, the bathroom teeny, the decor a little shabby, but we always manage to get bargain prices, and we enjoy our stay - the breakfast is decent, and everything is satisfactory and value for money.	
Jul 2 2009 	Avoid at all costs- there's Budget and there's Budget	We found the hotel scruffy and quite dirty. There was no air conditioning and the window in our room didn't open. As we had four adults in a quad room it was far too hot. We aked for a fan but were told there was none available so we were offered another room with a balcony. This was equally dirty and 'tired' but thankfully the window opened to allow some air. The following morning we woke to find the room was plagued with ants (YUCK).We found only two of the staff were helpful and few spoke English. The 'continental breakfast' was very basic to say the least. On the up-side the area is very nice and we would definately stay again in this part of the city however when we next visit It will be worth paying a few pounds more and staying elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2009 	good location but all the rest ...	I will remember this hotel for a long time. We stayed in the room for 4 people. The first room we stayed was a bit small, but OK ( as we first thought) On the second night of our stay a little accident happened : probably someone who lived upstaires dropped smth heavy on the floor and that something made a lot of noise and ... 2 holes in our rooms's ceiling. it was pretty scary .So, they moved us to the other room ( 3rd floor) : the other room was a bit smaller, than the first one and the water pressure was really bad. When we asked to fix it - got the answer - that it is not possible. The lights were also acting weird - they were going out in 15-20 minutes, so we had to switch them off for approximately the same time to get the light again. Well, the location of the hotel is really good :)	
Jun 2 2009 	The rough surrounded by diamonds	AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Nothing good to say about this place, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in during my time in London.	
May 19 2009 	Good location but small	We stayed in this hotel in April 2007. I found this hotel at asiarooms.com and ordered a triple room which included a double bed and a single bed but just cost $170 (at that time).The room we stayed in was small and had only enough space to place our two large suitcases. So I was glad that I had ordered a triple room instead of a double room. If I had ordered a double for the three of us (me, my husband and my 7-year-old son), we would have been so crowded it would have been hard to survive our 9-day visit to London. The bathroom was also small, smaller than any bathrooms in the hotel I have stayed in Tokyo.However, despite the room being small, it was pretty clean! And we enjoyed the free breakfast in this hotel every morning. The restaurant served toast, cheese, coffee, tea and milk, etc., simple but good!The location of the hotel is absolutely wonderful! The hotel is near an interesting tourist/business district, full of shops and different types of restaurants (Indian, Mediterranean, Middle-Eastern, Chinese and of course English!). Also, it is very close to two underground stations (Bayswater and Queensway), Hyde Park, and Kensington Palace - very convenient for tourists to go get around the city during their visit.Do not be worried if you think the location is noisy. Actually, even though the hotel is very close to a shopping district, it is on a very quiet alley.	
Feb 23 2009 	Basic very clean and 'very' central	I stayed at this hotel for only one night as I moved then with some local friends. But I was very surprised in a good way by the night I spent there. Small room, yes, but very clean, with comfortable beds. The street and the area is very quite.The bathroom was small but ok. Breakfast not bad but scarce. Tea, coffee, cheese, ham, boiled eggs, some jam and honey. The location was great, near 3 different subway stations. Overall - for those travelers who just need a room to sleep in - is a very good hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	A Budget Hotel	I can’t stress this enough, this is a BUDGET hotel. I’ve paid between £20 and £49 p/night to stay there, and have stayed there half a dozen times. To sum up all of those stays:Positives:Every time I have stayed there, the rooms have been clean, tired yes, in need of a renovation yes, but clean none the less.Every time I have stayed there, I have had hot water for a shower between 7AM and 9AM, the showers have always been clean with good water pressure.24 Hour reception, I have checked in between 1700 and 0400, and there has always been someone to check me in.5 minutes walk to Paddington station.Negatives:The rooms are small and tired, however, they are no smaller than rooms in some of the large chain hotels in the area where you will pay anything up to £200 p/night.I have read the reviews on here, and I don’t understand it, maybe my expectations are much lower than everyone else when paying as little as £20 p/night for a double en-suite room in central London, but I’ve never had a dirty room, and I’ve always been able to get a hot shower in the morning, which is enough for me.	
Feb 6 2009 	Stay away!	Both myself and my partner stayed here for two nights on a budget trip to London. We didn't expect the Ritz or the Hilton but we did expect some hot water! Our first impression of a double en-suite room was incredibly small and very shabby! I have never seen a hotel room with a door that has an inch gap underneath! So not only can you hear people walking past you can actually see them too! We only planned to use the room as a place to get a HOT shower and for somewhere for us to sleep. Our first night went ok but in the morning at about 8am we tried to get a nice hot shower to find there was no hot water! When I rang the reception desk to enquire what was happening I got no help and was simply told to complain to the manager. When I asked what time he would be about they said they didn't know as he comes and goes! So with a day in London planned (which was covered in snow!) and a freezing cold shower later we headed down to the restaurant for our breakfast to be told &quot;we have run out&quot;!!!So overall, I accept this is a budget hotel but would rather have stayed in a Hostel! No way would I stay here again and i would never recommend this hotel to anybody!!! take my advice and STAY AWAY!!!	
Jan 21 2009 	Sets the standard for budget hotels in London	A real gem - and the rarest of things - a genuine bargain in central London. OK - so I got a 'credit crunch' bargain price in the middle of January, but even if I'd paid 3- 4X what I did, there would have been no complaints. Having booked a double room, I got a huge (for London) 4-berth room (double and two single beds). The room was spotless, the linen clean and fresh and enough little touches (recessed spotlights/pictures and mirrors/a small fridge/tea &amp; coffee facilites) to make it feel like a higher star rated room. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in and although the bathroom was small (1metre by 3metres), it was also spotless, nicely tiled and the shower was hot and powerful. Not only that - the television has a decent selection of channels and a remote control that actually worked. A miracle. Breakfast was included in the knockdown price - basic but the toast was freshly made on arrival, and the staff were friendly and helpful. In short - this hotel is EVERYTHING that a budget hotel should be; not flashy but the basics done well. Many so called 'trendy' boutique hotels that charge rip-off prices offer far less for much, much more.	
Oct 14 2008 	What more could you want in central london?	Let me start with the positives. Leisure Inn is a clean hotel, we had a clean room and ensuite, paid a bargain price and had a great breakfast. I've seen what kind of accommodation London has to offer as someone who has worked in the business. We paid 45 pounds for our room through hotelclub, and although the room was small, it's london and small rooms is to be excpected. My mum stayed at a 4-5 star hotel in Marble Arch and paid 200+ a night for a room that was bigger, yes, but when you're in London to see London you don't need a huge room as you will be spending most of your time in the huge city!Leisure Inn is in a great location near two tube stations. There is a shortcut to Queensway, but if you don't know about this shortcut (very straightforward) then it could take you about 10 minutes (shortcut takes about 2 mins...invest in a map and find it!).The only complaint I have about the hotel is the lady at reception seemed a bit bored/disinterested and the card machine was broken when I tried to pay with my card (not really their fault though I guess). Would recommend for anyone not wanting to waste money on expensive hotels while travelling in London.	
Oct 6 2008 	Beware	We arrived tired and ready for a ggod nights sleep. At first appearance this place looks great. After sorting out a booking hassle. We asked if we wanted to upgrade. I thought the picture of the room on the net looked great so I declined they asked for a 20 pound deposit on the key!!. We had rm 10.We made our way downstairs along a corridor to our room.It was no larger than a cupboard. The bed must have been built in the room because you would have to smash it up to get it out.Something I would glaadly do. WE did however have a sink.The bathroom was another thing it was two corridors away. You had to step up from the corridor. You couldnt turn in it without opening the door. It was abismal!! Not to mention the herd of antelope that ran around the corridors at night slamming doors!We left very early! O and don't forget ask for your for your 20 pound back if you mistakenly book a room here; because they didn't offer it to me. I had to ask they just said thanks for the key and goodbye!! Beware of room 10 and maybe some other rooms.	
Sep 21 2008	Nice spot in the city	Exactly what I was looking for. Great spot for a clean and friendly place to rest at night. Desk clerks polite and helpful. Hotel was close to train station to get into city. I would stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Our friend booked this room for us via another site, laterooms.com. It was very last minute so according to that website the room we got usually goes for 300 pounds and we got it for 85 pounds. The receptionists were friendly, the room was small with 3 single beds and a small bathroom but it was all very clean . There was a tiny hanging area, a small tv and tea and coffee making facilities which I thought was a nice touch. Continental breakfast was included which was quite good (toast, cereal, boiled eggs, coffee and juice etc). They have a pay as you go internet kiosk in reception. It was conveniently located, easy walking distance to Bayswater Station and lots of convenience stores (SPAR, Tescos) as well as Boots, Superdrug, a post office and lots of places to eat and a couple of pubs. Having stayed at Lords Hotel which is on the other side of the tube station I would prefer this place (see my other review) for the price. I've read the other reviews of this place and am surprised as I don't have anything to complain about so I guess we lucked out!	
Sep 12 2008 	when will I learn !!!	Undoubdetdly the worst B&amp;B/hotel I have ever stayed in. Yes it is cheap for London @£45 for a single room but for a few £'s more you can get basic, clean, ensuite with cooked breakfast in the same locale'. On arrival I was offered a tiny room with the bed and matress turned over &quot;for fumigation&quot;. The next room I was offered appeared to be a converted store room. Small, uncomfortable bed ,broken blinds covering a draughty old window. Not even a sink in the room:-the toilet/bathroom facilities are shared but they are tiny facilities shared amongst a large number of guests. Get there after 7.30 a.m and all the hot water has run out. Breakfast not cooked and a somewhat limited &quot;continental&quot; on offer instead. Don't be fooled by the swish looking reception area. This is one step removed from a homeless shelter.!!	
Aug 15 2008 	great budget hotel	you have to keep in mind that this is a budget hotel and not the ritz. the accomodations were very basic and with the location, you get a great deal with the price. its a short walk from 2 main subway stations which makes it highly accessible. its also close to a small shopping area if you needed to get basic personal stuff, souvenir items or grab a quick bite. the room was clean and had the usual stuff like a decent bed and a tv that only shows the news and a weather channel. the room had a private bath (but there's a shared bath on the same floor) which was recently renovated. it was the smallest bathroom i've ever seen. it was the size of 2 and a half coat closets, but at least it was clean and the shower head was good. the free breakfast was good. if you came in early prior to check-in time, you may leave your luggage at their common luggage closet at your own risk. staff was pleasant and accomodating. overall, it was a great budget hotel.	
Jul 18 2008 	if you like cockroaches	Cockroaches in room. Had to leave at 1:30 a.m. because hotel was booked and received no help from the staff in getting other accomodations. Still awaiting refund from All-Hotels, who booked us in this hotel.Suggest avoiding this hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Better than we could imagine!	We were surprised to find out that the hotel was really close (4 min. walk) to the Bayswater station(we were really close to the center of London)! as we had booked a room for three and the hotel was perhaps not avaliable or didn't really have any room for 3 persons in the same building, we were transfered by taxi(they paid for it) one block away from the hotel(even closer to the station!) in a private appartment and breakfast was still served in the hotel( they are very stricked about the time the breakfast closes- so be careful not to be late)! it had plenty of room, three beds, heat radiator, kitchen, washing machine everything! The problems were: it was underground... no view and it was a little bit scary but the neighbour next door was very friendly and was allways there so we were kind of reliefed! Also we had a little issue with the door sometimes we couldn't unlock it (thanks to the neighbour we managed it!) The toilet was small (not too small) but very clean! We were afraid of how the hotel will be but this was beyond our expectations...PS. the receptionists were very polite and helpfull!! the hotel also has a luggage room where you can leave chargefree your luggage safely and it is 24 hours open- we had a really late flight and it was extremely helpfull!	
Jun 2 2008 	4 Rooms in 2 Days!	So, we arrived after booking online for a double room with double bed for two nights and we checked in and went up to our room to find 3 single beds in a room. Okay, their mistake so we headed down to reception and they changed us to another room. This time the room had a double bed and two singles, hrmm, a little unnecessary for two people but okay. However, the wall had a MASSIVE, and I'm talking MASSIVE, amount of water damage on the wall. Laughably, they had a crooked painting trying to cover the large hole in the wall but the damage went from the middle of the wall to the roof. By this time we were too tired to complain so we just went to bed, but a small child cried from 3am til 9am when we went for breakfast (admittedly not the hotel's fault but annoying nonetheless). Breakfast was pretty standard, toast, cereals, juice and perfect for the budget traveller looking to get some grub in before they start their day.After breakfast we asked to have our room changed because of the water damage and annoying kid and they gave yet another room. Open the door, and BAM, 4 single beds. Why 4 singles for a couple? Asked for a double bed room as we'd asked for when we booked and were told one wasn't available til 1pm so we went off for the day. Finally at 1pm we got a room with one double bed and it was pretty perfect for what we need. Overall, this hotel was pretty good for budget travellers (although at £97 for two nights we've paid a lot less) looking for somewhere close to good restaurants and tube stations but not all rooms are great (we got to sample 4). Buyer beware, be specific when you check in that ask for what you want bedwise or you may get shafted.	
May 9 2008	Great for a budget hotel	I have just checked &quot;excellent&quot; for our overall experience; of course, we were in London, so how could it not be excellent. I would give the hotel three and a half stars if I were comparing it to some places in the US. There were five of us travelling, so we had two rooms: a triple and a double. Of course the rooms are small, but in Europe, that is normal. And of course, there was a bit of mold on the shower tiles, but nothing to bother a seasoned traveller. The mattresses were good, the sheets were clean, the breakfast was great: hard boiled eggs, muesli or cornflakes, toast, cheese and coffee, tea and juice. That breakfast kept us going all day. And the location is very good: situated in Bayswater, a bustling residential area with some good local pubs in the neighborhood and only a few tube stops (on the circle line ) from central London.There is internet access in the lobby (one computer), a little expensive at one pound for fifteen minutes, but there are internet cafes around if you want more time. The front desk staff are quite helpful.If you are expecting the Ritz--this is not the place for you, but if you are travelling on a budget and looking for good value for your money, this is a good choice.	
Mar 16 2008 	Fantastic value	I stayed at the Leisure Inn for 5 nights in February. I would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a great value stay in London - not something that's easy to find! The rooms are tiny, but for the price I wouldn't expect much more. They're comfortable though, with nice beds and new furniture.The provided breakfast is great - there's a range of cereals, fruit salad, boiled eggs, toast, tea, coffee and real orange juice. It can get pretty full towards the end of service though, so try to get down there before 8.30ish.The location's fantastic - the Queensway, a major shopping street served by 2 tube stops, is just 5 minutes away. It's about a 15-20 minute walk from Paddington Station.I booked directly on the hotel's website, and got a price about 20 pounds cheaper than what was on expedia at the time. I'd booked a single room with shared facilities, but I ended up with a room with an ensuite for no extra cost, which was nice. There was some delay in confirming my reservation - I had to email twice to get a response - but the staff on the front desk were lovely the entire time I was there.	
Mar 14 2008 	You get what you pay for	My standards are different because I am from the US and I am used to decent hotels. Because the exchange rate is poor for Americans traveling here, hotels in London are expensive. You can get a 4 star hotel in the US for the same price as this one. The rooms were clean and small but that wasn't too bad. Because they are cheap though their are a lot of younger people and this makes for a loud night. Also the water was difficult to control and you had to adjust the knob just right to get hot water. There was a heater in the room but you could not control. This location is decent you can get anywhere from here. The beds are not great, very hard like a piece of cardboard on concrete.	
Jan 28 2008 	good weekend	clean,cheap	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent price - and good hotel	I booked the hotel at last minute, as I arrived in London to do some shopping before going home to Devon.I booked the hotel via the internet, using one off the internet pay phones at waterloo station. After booking, i made my way straight over to the hotel.I had already stayed at this hotel twice before, so i knew what to expect.The hotel is minutes away from Bayswater and Queensway tube (although i always use Bayswater tube - its much quicker to exit!).I arrived at the hotel, and was checked in quickly by the receptionist - as ive mentioned ive been here before and i remembered this receptionist is the rude one - always looking unhappy and depressed!! I made my way up to my room, it was the second time i had the same room and was very pleased about it. The room is very clean, good bed, decent sized tv, 6 tv channels, and plenty of space compared to other London hotels. The room was very warm, and I had a good view overlooking the Queensway area. The bathroom is very clean - and a good size. The shower was always warm, and I had no problems.The hotel is near a mini Tesco, Mcdonalds, Burger King and small independant shops. (They are on the Queensway high street - all opposite Baywater tube)I went downstairs at 11am to get some more tea bags, and was greeted by the friendly bloke at reception. He spoke to me for 10 minutes, and seemed very good at his job.I went out about an hour later, and again the receptionist was very friendly.I woke up at 5.30am, and went for a run in the local area - i love that part off london in early morning - see all the workers going about their normal day. The hotel is very near to Paddington Train station, and not too far from Oxford Street. About an hour later, i arrived back to a nice warm hotel.The hotel is very quiet - almost no traffic noise, and i never hear guests going past the room.The downside about the hotel is the breakfast - its terrible!! I recieved an egg, one slice off toast, and a cold cup of tea! It was the first time i tried breakfast at this hotel - i thought the decor off the room was poor as well.My tip is go to Mcdonalds for a egg mcmuffin - it opens at 6am and is only £1. Or Tesco do decent sandwiches, or get a Cereal bowl from 50p with cereal and milk included!I paid £35 for my en-suite room, a bargain!! It said in the reception normal room rates are £70, the most ive ever paid here is £40 a night, and I would not pay over that here.So if you can get a good rate, stay here, if not there are plenty off good hotels in london at fair prices.	
Nov 19 2007	thank you leisure!!	leisure inn is fantasticly central ...i liked it for a budget hotel....in a big town is all you would like to have...zoya is very helpfullthanksleo	
Nov 14 2007 	6 Days at Leisure	Traveling by myself and got a small single room (one twin bed)with a shared bath (shower). Room was very compact, large window and just a small clothes closet, no dresser drawers. Heat provided by a new space heator that at first look I wondered if it would do the job, but it did. For price paid (about $120 USD, including VAT and a light breakfast of cereal, toast, 7 juice &amp; coffee)a reasonable value for expensive London. Inn is walking distance of Kensington Palace and both the Queensway, &amp; Baywater Underground stations. Did not see double room, but believe they all have private bath, as only once in six days had somebody else competing for the shower at the same time.	
Nov 4 2007 	if you can put a bit more money  avoid	We spent 3 nights there .. we booked by the internet after reading the reviews on T.A. ; so we knew that the advices were 'shared' .. some were good, some bad .We choosed this place because of the price , its good location and... they had vacancies for our dates when we booked !! (it was clearly not our first choice) . London is VERY expensive; everything is expensive there , especially the hotels; we payed around 100 pounds/night ; for that price in Paris you can hope a rather good hotel , not luxuous, but comfortable and well located. The room we had was tiny , so tiny : smaller, you have to walk on the walls , Spiderman wellcome ! So tiny was the bathroom , that i had to keep the door open , to be able to move and dry myself with the towel ! A good revamping would be appreciated for the room , but it was clean and the towels changed everyday . If the room was cleaned everyday , it was not the same for the corridors . The hotel is located in a good area , quiet , but with several shops and restaurants around , close to Kensington garden. Good and fast links with the center by tube and bus. Something we didn't appreciate at all : we booked an 'en suite' room .. and when we went in the room : no toilets !! i complained at the lobby , and they said : yes , we are very sorry , there was probably a problem with the online booking , we have no more en suite rooms for tonight ! i protested and finally they gave me a room with toilets , saying : some didn't check in yet , we give you the room ! What a behaviour !! they perfectly knew i hadn't the room i booked but they didn't say anything about it : no apologizes, no adjustment of the price ! . I wonder what happened with the people who booked the room we finally got ! In conclusion : perhaps an acceptable choice if the price is your main criteria (still, compare with same priced hotels ot B&amp;B) ; if you can put a bit more money , avoid !	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent at the price	We were 3, and the room was not big, but we were in London to see the town, not staying in the room.Stayed there for 1 week.Everything in the room was proper, in a good state, especially the bathroom - that was really nice.Breakfast good and plenty, again compared to price.Staff always friendly and helpful.	
Oct 22 2007	Cheap Clean Central but Small	I was a single traveler who book a single room, which meant it's a shared washroom and shower. The show was inconveniently located in the basement so if you had share shower, you'll have to wash and dash and hope no one sees you. The room I got was very small but for the price it's spot on. The room is only the size of a King bed which is a bit of a shock for North Americans but if you are spending most of your time roaming around the city, you probably just be back sleeping. Over all, great value for the small room, just make sure to bring a pallet gun for the noisy doves.	
Oct 22 2007 	Overpriced!!!	We made the reservation here mainly because it was the only hotel, where we got two family rooms (quad-en-suites). However, the rooms were very different in size. Ours was very small, so we practically had to throw ourselves on the bed straight from the door :-) . Our room was on the 3rd floor, we had only lukewarm dripping water (no pressure, that is), no hooks in the bathroom (or bathcloset, as it was so tiny, that if you sat on the toilet, the sink was on your lap...) or anywhere else, either. So we had towels and clothes everywhere. Otherwise, the room was clean and warm.Our friends on the other hand, stayed in a much bigger room (though it was the same priced), but it was really cold at night. They asked for extra blankets, but never got them (actually the one, that was already there, was taken away after their request to get more...), neither was their radiator checked. The staff didn't even bother to seem interested.Breakfast room was too small. Breakfast itself - well, what can I say. It was always the same: toast, jam, butter, cheese, cereal, milk, fruit salad from straight the can, orange juice, tea/coffee. Being used to have something fresh (veggies or fruit) and dark rye bread this was really tough. The location of the hotel is good, peaceful and close enough to the tube and bus stop. I could go there again, if the price was cheaper, but with these prices I expect warm water and a little service!	
Oct 11 2007 	Ok Hotel Good location	Family of 4 travelled Europe for 4 weeks June/July 07 and compared tosimilar priced accommodation this was average. Room small but compared to other family rooms we stayed in was not too bad. Bathroomvery small, rooms clean with tea making facilities. Breakfast good. Staff generally not friendly or helpful. Hotel well positioned and convenient.	
Oct 4 2007 	Disapponting poor service	The hotel was much more modest, to say the least, than advertised, with extremely small rooms and bathrooms, an odd smell throughout, and overpriced. But the real concern was a rude staff member on the evening shift at the reception desk. This young man was condescending, dismissive, disrespectful, and reluctant to respond to requests in anything like an efficient manner. I found this to be the case not once, but at each of the three interactions I had with him. Daytime staff was a bit better, but one--when we asked him to call a taxi--summoned a driver who he clearly knew personally and who was clearly not a legal cab driver. The overall feeling I came away with was very uncomfortable, disappointed, and uneasy. Will not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 11 2007	OK Hotel	OK hotel, walking distance to Oxford Street. Breakfast ok for the price. Room ok. Cleaning excellent. Reception staff nice.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good for a quick stay	This hotel is a good option for a cheap, quick stay, but beyond that, does not offer anything spectacular. I came in late Sunday night, and left Monday morning. Everything was average. It was a big hassle to carry my 30 kilo suitcase up 3 flights of stairs though!! (the elevator was broken). Breakfast is only served 7:30 to 9:30 am, which can be difficult if you want to sleep in. The room was relatively clean, but had a strange smell and was extremely hot as the windows could only be cracked.Overall, it's good to go and get out, but I'm sure there are better, cheap options in London that have a bit more charm.	
Jul 29 2007	great value for the money	For the money this is rather god!Good value for the money and breakfast included to!Rather central as wellRobbis	
Jul 27 2007	Pleasant hotel in the heart of London	At first glance, seems like a pleasant and decently priced hotel close to Queensway. Room a bit small, no bedlamp, need an extra pillow, but it will hopefully be quiet.	
Jul 24 2007 	A very comfortable hotel	Found the hotel on 'lastminute.com' - and it was really at the last minute for me... I arrived to a warm welcome by the reception staff. I was early but the room was available. The room I had was a single en suite, very small, but it had all that was expected. No air conditioning, so reached 26deg overnight.Limited in the TV channels, so didn't see what I wanted at all. Continental breakfast OK and in pleasant room.Hotel in a quiet area, but also close to basic shopping - restaurants - and to the underground transport.I would come again and would also recommend it to others. (Female - over 60)	
Jul 15 2007 	Ana (Portugal)	Do the pictures on the web site don't reflecte the bedroom we staid in, you have fresh towels and a clean room every day. the staff is ok, always at your disposal. after knowing the city (expensive!) it is a good offer for the price we paid.	
Jul 13 2007 	Service is not excellent	We must say, that our stay at the Leisure Inn was combined with several problems:No hot water in the bathrooms several times.A lamp that didn`t workWe wanted an extra pillow, which we didn`t get until the next day.The bathroom was very, very small.If you want to eat breakfast after 8 in the morning, you`ll have to wait in a line.The breakfast is not anything to write home about. A hardboiled, cold egg, terrible coffee and cold toast. Some cereal. And thats all.The good thing is, that the hotel is relatively close to a subway.	
Jul 10 2007 	Would not stay here again	The hotel is situated in the Bayswater area and close to the Queensway tube and Hyde Park. You can find Italian, Chinese, Greek and Malaysian restaurants nearby. Also quite a number of internet cafés and night shops. I’m usually not all that bothered by the size of my hotel room (you just sleep there right?) but I was quite annoyed to find out the room was actually a single room with an extra bed. We booked a twin room.The bathroom was quite spacious but two mornings in a row we were greeted by creepy crawlies in the bathtub. After breakfast we spotted a larger version of the insect in the hallway. Breakfast (served between 7.30 and 9.30) itself was okay, but nothing special. No buns or fruit, just some toast. If you’re a big eater, you could leave still hungry.When leaving the hotel we informed if we could store our luggage for the afternoon. There is a storeroom but the staff behind the reception couldn’t find the key! Well, they really didn’t bother looking. They suggested we put our luggage by the reception unsupervised. When we declined they made a sneer at us. Just imagine you have to catch a flight and the damn key is nowhere to be found! To be on the safe side we stored our luggage in Waterloo Station.My conclusion: unfortunately the negative outweighs the positive. I will not be staying here again. Also, I wouldn’t recommend it to others.	
Jul 5 2007	Will probably use it again	Good:Clean roomGood locationQuiet surroundingsBad:Not very helpful and friendly staff in the reception.Extremely small bathroomCrowded breakfast room where they throw you out at 0930, beeing seated or not. All in all:We will probably use this hotel again.	
Jul 4 2007	On a scale of one to ten it's a five	Because this hotel was recently rennovated, everything may look good at first. However, at second glance, it appears as though the hotel is gilded, as they try to make it look better than it is. In the rooms, the carpets look nice, but they have stains. The bathrooms look great from afar, but up close one can see cracks in the mirror and the flaws in such a small sized bathroom. All the problems would be excusable, if the room rates were not so high and the hotel weren't so far from paddington station or any tube station. Also, costs of access to a computer if a traveler didn't bring one increases as the minutes go by, and the only way to earn free usage is to write a hotel review such as this one. This hotel is recommended as long as the traveller knows exactly where it is.	
Jun 26 2007 	not bad but better exists	I stayed here with my brother for 5 days in late june and found the hotel to have decent accomodations, but there were a few points that were fairly bothersome. i would advise people who stay here to avoid room 14; it is right next to the washer and dryer the hotel uses for towels and linens etc. which is working fairly constantly during the morning, and at strange times at night making it difficult to sleep. also, the only ventilation was two windows which opened out onto a staff walkway so the staff would constantly close them whenever they walk by. the hot water in the shower was finnicky, while never actually getting cold it would sometimes stay lukewarm. but the hotel does have some redeeming factos. it is right next to queensway which is a great place for eating a some light shopping, as well as 2 metro stations. the staff are friendly and helpful. that pretty much sums it up i think. mostly the hotel is fine if you plan to spend the better part of your day going about London.	
Jun 19 2007 	Beware - mould and water everywhere!	This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I had booked a family room 2 months before our arrival and expected a nice room. We, a family with two teenagers, were given room #7 which was on ground floor. Already in the hallway we felt an unpleasant smell and it didn't get more pleasant when we realised that it came from our room. When we entered I stepped on something &quot;splashy&quot; - that was our carpet. It was soaking wet from the water that came running down directly from the bathroom above. The ceiling was cracking, the wallpaper was coming down and the stench of mould was revolting. I went right back to the reception where a gum-chewing girl said that they were fully booked and that she could do nothing at the moment. As it was almost midnight and we were all really tired we opened the window (in mid-November) and tried to sleep in that hell-hole anyway. By 6am I was nearly suffocating and I ran out to the reception in my nightwear and demanded another room immediately or else I would have to go to hospital for my asthma. She turned pale and assured me we get another room in the afternoon.When we came back in the afternoon we were given another room which was OK, but my not wanting to pay for the first night was neglected (I had paid everything in advance, stupid) and they even had the nerve to tell me I should be grateful that they gave us another room. Well back home I sent an e-mail to the Hotel Manager, to Travelocity and to the UK Tourist Board. Nobody ever answered or even acknowledged my mail. Stay away from Leisure Inn, it's as far from leisure as you can get.	
May 28 2007 	Dirty hotel and unhelpful staff	As we booked in we were told the hotel was over booked and we would be staying in a 'nice apartment' just a few minutes away. We were treated very well, a taxi was ordered and paid for and we were dropped at the apartment. The bedsit/tiny flat was on the 3rd floor and there was no lift, so it was a bit of a trek with suitcases. The flat itself was disgusting, it was filthy, the bed covers were dirty, but someone had kindly sprayed them with deodorant to make them smell ok. The kitchenette smelt of sick and this was probably coming from the fridge, which was leaking, and had a dirty towel shoved in the base of it to stop the icebox melting. Every upholstered surface was covered in fluff and long white hairs, the shower room was dirty and the shower itself had brown water in the base unit. Additionally there were no fire or emergency evacuation instructions, I'm not a risk freak, but in an enormous block of flats such as this one, it’s always nice to know how to get out!The flat itself was in a square just off Queensway, unfortunately it looks as if this square is on the wrong side of the tracks as on every doorstep, there were drunks or people waiting to collect a fix. I wouldn't have felt safe walking back to the flat on my own; luckily I had a big strong man with me!We had to stay one night in this flat, but I complained the next morning and while the manager on duty was fairly nonchalant and didn't offer an apology they did put us in a room in the hotel - room 405. The hotel seems to have a similar standard of cleanliness to the flat, walls need a paint, rooms smell musty, but the sheets were clean and after very little sleep the night before that was a blessing. However the next morning I woke and after deciding not to shower in the flat was desperate for a wash, I opened the shower room door and was greeted by a huge cockroach. My partner who is an entomologist (so no chance of misidentifying it) caught it and I took it to reception as we checked out. The man on the desk looked at it laughed loudly and threw it in the bin, no apology was offered.I've travelled all over the world and I'm not a lily-livered traveller, but this has got to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. Yes, it’s fairly cheap, but there are other places to go, this is disgusting. I hate to think that people across the world are coming to this country and staying in a hovel like this and thinking that this is the standard that the British adhere to. It's not, please go somewhere else.	
May 25 2007 	worst ever	Stayed for 4 nights,there was no tea &amp; coffee in the room even thoughit says on there website. I asked first night about it &amp; was told it would be in the room the next day. Next day still nothing so asked again &amp; was told the same thing. Next day still nothing this time i was told they were withdrawing this service by a very rude receptionist.Bathroom is so tiny you could,nt shower &amp; then dry youself in the bathroom without hitting the walls &amp; basin.The room also smelt damp. Tv did,nt work properly.	
May 12 2007 	Nice stay everything I was looking for	I am a regular traveller to London and I have also lived in the city for four years, so one thing I know about London is how hard it is to find decent accommodation, both hotels and flats.In March 2007 I had to go two nights to London to attend a meeting and an interview.I wanted a cheap but good standard hotel where I could get some work done in the evening, where I could sleep properly to have enough energy for the work I had to do, and where I could fresh up in the morning without having to find ants or nasty stains in the bathroom.This may sound like basics, but there are some real dumps among the budget hotels in London.I booked Leisure Inn mostly based on the reviews here and the reasonable rates they offered, and I was positively surprised.The hotel was a 10-minute walk from Paddington station where you have access to four underground lines and the Heathrow Express going directly to Heathrow aiport (only 15 mins).Safe area with a few restaurants and corner shops within walking distance from the hotel.My room was small but adequate located on the fourth floor, it was very quiet and I was never bothered by the traffic or neighbouring guests.The bed was supposed to be a double bed, but honestly it was just slightly wider than my regular bed at home and the room must surely be on the smaller side if you are two people travelling together, the bed was very comfortable though.There was also a small desk with tea and coffee-making facilities, toilet and shower (in excellent condition), and a TV.I could only access three channels through the TV which was a disappointment, but I never complained about it.The breakfast was very simple with only toast, marmalade, cornflakes and milk, coffee/tea and orange juice.Something more would have been nice, at least some cold cuts.Staff on the whole friendly and courteous with the exception of one receptionist who was a bit surlyThe girl who checked me in was very pleasant, she recognised me throughout the stay and greeted me every time I passed the reception.Overall the hotel was everything I was looking for: cheap, safe, quiet, reasonable room standard and friendly staff.In just a few days I have to make another short trip to London and I have already booked a new stay at Leisure Inn.	
Apr 4 2007 	Perfect budget break	Booked this as part of a theatre package with lastminute at truly the last minute. I stayed by myself. It's in a great location (near Paddington and Hyde Park) and in a pretty pleasant area (lots of other hotels) away from busy roads.Was slightly unnerved by the need to leave a £30 cash deposit on check-in (in case of damages / thefts) and half expected to come back to the room to find the towels had &quot;disappeared&quot; and would lose the deposit Thankfully that was just my paranoia and I got the deposit back without any problem.The room (number 15) was in the basement but had a window. A good triple room. Furnished a bit like a travel lodge, i.e. modern and functional; no frills but clean. Nice bathroom. Comfy beds. Generallyin a good state of repair. Lots of lighting options (spotlights / side lights). Very satisified!The only downside was the bedroom door was pretty thin / not well soundproofed so I was repeatedly woken from 6am by slamming doors from early risers / cleaning staff. I'm quite a heavy sleeper, so it was surprising. I dropped straight back off each time though.Breakfast was basic but fine (choice of cereals, followed by toast with cheese and jam selections. self service tea/coffee/juice.).Staff could be friendlier, but I was just on a weekend getaway (kicked out of the house whilst my fiance tried on wedding dresses with her bridesmaid) and I just needed a place to crash so didn't really care.The advertised room rate for the triple I had was £138, but I only paid £76 at lastminute *including* the theatre ticket. I think my review might be less favourable if I'd paid full price. It's a perfectly fine hotel, but not for £138 a night.Overall, no complaints. Not a place for a romantic getaway, but a good base to visit central London.	
Mar 22 2007 	Good Value for London	We stayed there 20/03/2007. A basic hotel but clean and provided everything we needed. Room was pleasant and clean. Breakfast was basic in a bright, clean and cheerful room - cereal, toast, cheese, tea, coffee and orange juice but as we paid just £60.00 for the night in the centre of London I was quite happy and feel it is great value for money. Short walk from Paddington Station and Queensway underground. 24Hours reception. I would stay here again when visiting London.	
Mar 10 2007 	cheap and cheerless	My civil partner and I stayed at the Leisure Inn for 3 nights. We chose this hotel because it was cheap (37 pounds per night ensuite double room) and because of the reviews it got on this website.The room was OK. There was an awfull smell (like feet?) though when we came in.The TV had 5 channels, 4 of which were very blurred.The street is not too busy with cars, but it isn't too silent either. The rooms being equipped with single-glazing windows, there was still quite some noise most of the time, especially early in the mornings. I think it might get quite annoying in the summer when you want to keep your windows open.A real drawback was the fact that the shower would not work at peak-times. This is not a temporary problem, but due to the lack of water pressure. (We were on the 3rd floor. It might perhaps be different on the lower floors.) There will be no hot water available as long as other guests are having a shower and even late at night or in the afternoon it takes quite a while to get wet with a shower as week as this.Be warned: you should not take a shower when you are in a hurry because the hot water might turn off completely at times when other guests turn theirs on. And this could well be when you are all soaped up and ready to rinse.Breakfast: you get what you pay for - and that is not very much. The &quot;buffet&quot; has only got two kinds of cereals, milk, tiny cups for coffee or tea and one kind of (rather dry) sliced cheese. Orange juice is available, but there are not as many glasses as there are guests. The same is true for the space: you should be prepared to wait for a seat in the breakfast room. We were given 3 slices of toast (that's one and a half per person) and two or sometimes three tiny packs of jam and butter.We didn't ask for more because the staff was not very friendly at all. Having asked for a glass I felt like I was not really welcome at this hotel.One more thing: the hotel charged the first night before we even got there and the other two nights were to be paid for upon arrival before we even had a chance to see (or smell) our room.If we get to book this hotel for under 40 pounds per night again, we might return. If not, we'll try other places first.	
Jan 5 2007 	Nice hotel	We spent a night in December, we was three and they gave us a room with two double bed: it seemed clean and beds were comfortable, but it was very very very small, we didn't open our luggage because we stayed there a night only, but if we had spent more time there it would have been a nightmare: there was no space for them, just a small place for coats!!...Complimentary breakfast was served until 9.30, it was hard to get up that time..not abundant, but not a problem.It's not very close to underground stop (about 10 minutes by foot), but the location is good and very close to the center of London.Good place for short permanence.	
Jan 3 2007	A Pleasant Surprise!	Upon arriving to the Leisure Inn my mom and I were impressed by the reception area (which was nearly twice that of the other hotel we'd just come from and very modern looking) as well as the comparatively &quot;spacious&quot; elevator! The hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was, as always, rather small but for two people it sufficed. Breakfast was satisfactory as well, consisting of toast and cereal as well as coffee/tea/juice. The only negative was the shower. Not only was there no pressure but the actual amount of water that came out of it was very little. In fairness, it appeared the showers were in the midst of being replaced so perhaps this problem will no longer exist. Overall though, a cozy little hotel in a quiet neighbourhood but still quite close to Paddington Station. This hotel is a steal of a deal!	
Aug 16 2006 	Absolutely the worst experience	With over 30 years of travel history, in some 60 countries, my stay at the Leisure Inn in London was the single worst hotel experience ever.A dirty room, a TV that had only one channel (and that one was barely visible), two out of 3 ceiling litebulbs that were burnt out, a single clothes hanger (I asked three times for additional hangers and never received them; my God, simple clothes hangers). With that experience I was afraid to try the breakfast, even though included in the price.But the staff was even worse than the above - rude, unhelpful, arrogant. They had no idea what being in the service industry means.This entire experience was so awful that I left after one day, thereby forfeiting my pre-paid next two days. NOW THAT'S BAD.Stay away at all costs.Joe SheaSan Francisco, Ca. USA	
Aug 8 2006 	do not spend your money on this dump	I will do this short: our stay at this hotel (family w. two kids) have been the singel most uncomfortable hotel experience in my life, including my stays in bunkbed accomodation in Irian Jaya. Really, really bad. A familyroom at this hotel is a doubleroom with two extra beds - meaning that there is next to no space for luggage, children.... and I have to say we are happy that we donot weigh too much - otherwise we would never have been able to even get in the door since it could not open all the way (or even half). At breakfast you would have to fight to get a table and to expect af knife to butter your bread was apparently too much. Cleaning did not live up to any standards of any sort what so ever. I could go on and on. Have to say that the only good thing about the hotel is the location, and even including this the price is just much too high. Sofie Fischer, DK	
Jun 10 2006	It served it's purpose but never again	I only had to stay here one night but that was about 12 hours too long. The room was filthy. The carpet looked like it had not been vaccumed in years and there was soap scum on the shower glass doors and sink. The balcony was covered in cigarette butts and litter. The room was so small that the bed took up the whole room. We had to walk sideways to get to the closet and put our luggage on the second bed because there was hardley any floor space and what there was looked dirty. The towels were as thin as kleenex. The teapot in the room had a black film in it - so gross! The staff was efficient but not very friendly. There's not too much more I can say.	
Apr 18 2006	Good value great location	I got a single room at excellent rates for the easter weekend (avg £30/night), so I'd highly recommend the hotel if you can get a good rate.Rooms are small, as are nearly all rooms in london.Hotel in very quiet, convenient location, near shops, 2 mins. walk to Bayswater tube station.Downside : only 2 shared bathrooms in the hotel.TV reception was useless (but no big deal really)	
Apr 18 2006	Never again	This is the most unfriendly hotel that i have ever visited. Good morning, Good evening,... are unknown words in this hotel. And the rooms : We've got a room in the basement with a plexi glass roof (which btw is not allowed by the building law) and almost no ventilation. The leaking bathroom was a very nice surprise ( the shower water came back up next to the beds), the nice Tv with only snow on it and the breakfast was verry simple.conclusion : never againgrz	
Mar 12 2006	Not recommended	Do not believe the photos shown on expedia. This place is not nice. First, it is not very clean. The bathroom is very small and there was dirt in the corners. The bed linens are of poor quality. There is a gap in the double bed. Don't think you are getting a good deal because breakfast is included. It was a hard boiled egg and corn flakes. The staff is rude and not helpful. Would not stay here again.	
Sep 7 2005	Cheap and cheerful	My husband and I have just returned from a London City break. We stayed at the Leisure Inn because it was cheap ( we only paid £90 with lastminute for 3 nights B&amp;B). The hotel was in a brilliant position right next to Hyde Park, and within walking distance of all the main attractions. The room was basic and clean. All we wanted was a base to sleep and shower. It was OK.	
Jul 4 2005	disgusting treatment	My husband myself ( 6months pregnant ) and our 2 sons ( 8yrs &amp; 4yrs )arrived after a long hot train ride from devon we were greeted to our shock by a very rude receptionist who kept answering the phone and dealing with other residents which made checking in a very lengthy process, we were then shocked further by the room we had been crammed into with barely a foots width around the beds and nowhere to unpack we were also on the 4th floor and could open the sash window right up so our children could easily fall out but the worst was yet to come, there was no hot water, on calling reception we were told there was no one available to sort it out until the morning so we all had to have a cold wash, the same applied in the morning , after our day out we returned to find there was still no hot water but the receptionist again said there was no one available until the morning her attitude was very rude, we went out to eat but I could not face another night there so my husband and oldest son went to collect our things and check out and I checked us into another hotel my husband returned and said we had to go back in the morning to fill out some forms, when we arrived assuming we would be refunded for the 2 nights we were told we could not have a refund and there was no one available to deal with our complaint . it is now 6 weeks since we stayed there and we our still waiting for our refund I phone every week but on the rare occassions I have spoken to the manager I am met with excuse after excuse and am in despair as to what to do next	
Jan 18 2005	Bug infested dump!	I stayed here because I got a great rate through Expedia. When I got the key to my room, I went upstairs, only to walk in on the previous occupant who hadn't checked out yet! He was very gracious, but when I went downstairs to tell the staff, they acted as if I was crazy, because check out time had been an hour before. After much arguing, they agreed to store my luggage, and I had to go hang out at a Burger King for 2 hrs. while they &quot;cleaned&quot; my room. When I returned, I found stained floors, and bugs crawling all over my shower. At this point, I was too exhausted to care, so I tried to take a nap. Unfortunately, I was rudely interrupted when two employees walked in on me! Also, the walls were paper thin.This place is a dump, and the staff is incredibly rude and unhelpful. The location was great, but that's about it. STAY AWAY!!!	
Jan 1 2005	Good for budget hotel		
Aug 5 2004	Lucked out		
May 24 2004	Clogged Shower and Expensive Rate		
Jan 30 2003	I wouldn't go here again but they did one good thing		
Jan 30 2003	indimenticabile -unforgettable		
Nov 26 2009 	good hotel		
Apr 8 2009 	brrrrrrrrr		
Mar 5 2009 	Minable à éviter...		
Jan 26 2009 	hotel appena discretocamera invisibilebagno cieco microscopico		
Dec 4 2008 	Lo peor ... o no		
May 16 2008 	Ni se os ocurra hospedaros		
Jan 8 2008 	Che schifo!!!!!!		
Jan 3 2008	Perchè mentire..?!		
Nov 8 2007 	Hôtel à éviter		
Aug 19 2007 	Bien pour un court séjour		
Dec 20 2006 	Bueno Hotel Familiar		
