Nov 18 2009 	Our Daughter's Wedding Perfect	Alberto D'Afflitto has a staff to be proud of, Enrique &amp; Hasifa especially stood out. Everything was beautifully arranged from start to finish. Miranda and Paul could not of had a better day. Thank you Maureen &amp; Michael Murphy Parents of the Bride .	
Nov 17 2009 	Everything we could have hoped for	Top quality accommodation with easy access for elderly members of the party. Super rooms with plenty of room and such a variety of rooms available. Excellent breakfast and a good bar menu for teatime. Very clean rooms and other areas. Most helpful staff. Will certainly go back!	
Nov 14 2009 	An alternative to a London based hotel	My friend &amp; I stayed at this hotel 3 times during our time in UK/Ireland/Europe. The first time we stayed there which was only for one night the shower in the room would not work so we were moved to the &quot;Wimbledon&quot; suite which was so much better &amp; larger than the older style, smallish room we were in. On the 2nd occasion we were again only staying for one night &amp; we were given a room with a double bed despite my e-mails to the hotel that we were 2 female friends travelling together &amp; required twin beds. To the hotels credit even thought they had a huge wedding at the hotel they left my friend in the double room &amp; I was given a single room in the loft of the hotel - lots of stairs however it was a very well appointed room which had obviously just been recently renovated. On the 3rd occassion we were staying for 5 nights &amp; we were given a twin executive room which was very nicely decorated however it was very compact for 2 women who had been travelling for a number of weeks &amp; accumulated quite a bit of baggage. Our motivation for staying at this hotel was that my friend's daughter lives in Putney &amp; staying at this hotel instead of in London itself enabled us to be closer to her. It did mean more travelling when we wanted to go &amp; see anything that was in London however Putney was such a nice place &amp; the hotel was welcoming despite the fact that it is a maze of corridors &amp; staircases going all over the place &amp; getting to your room with luggage without a lift is a real challenge but it has beautiful gardens &amp; having breakfast each moring looking out onto the garden was so relaxing &amp; was a beautiful way start to the day. The hotel is within walking distance of some delightful pubs &amp; restaurants equal to anything in London itself.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good service but very small room	We stayed at the Lodge hotel for a week in September 2009 as some friends were getting married in Putney. Location-wise, the hotel is in a pleasant, leafy part of town although it is situated on a main road (however we did not hear any traffic noise). It's 5 minutes walk to East Putney tube, 12 minutes walk to Putney station and 20 minutes walk to Putney Bridge tube. Alternatively, it's a 5 minute walk the other way into Wandsworth town centre. Lots of good pubs, restaurants etc within 10 mins walk.The hotel is impressive from the outside and the communal areas are good, especially the conservatory restaurant and the lovely garden out the back where I spent several hours writing my best man's speech! The breakfast is not bad, a good selection of English &amp; continental with fruit, croissants, yoghurts and the usual bacon, eggs etc. The service was also good, both the reception and wait staff were efficient and friendly.Although I knew I was getting a small room, I was a little disappointed with what we got (room 16). A classic English shoebox, it certainly will not be playing host to the National Cat Swinging championships any time soon and should be avoided by claustrophobes. The room was comfortable enough, the bed was OK and the bathroom, though tiny, was fully functional. However we did have a few gripes:1. Storage space was limited and it was a struggle to find room to store all of our belongings2. We were on the ground floor with a window leading out to a fire escape route so we could not leave the window open during the day which meant the room got very hot (and it was only 19-20 degrees outside)3. About two thirds of the channels on the TV did not work (including ITV, C4 and Five)4. The walls are paper thin and the room is under the stairs going up to the next level so it was very noisy at timesIn summary, the Lodge is a good hotel but I reckon it is probably worth paying the extra to get a better and bigger room.Finally, a few hot tips for prospective guests:1. There is free broadband internet in the lounge2. If you don't like the look of the scrambled eggs at breakfast, ask for poached - we had them every day and they were cooked to perfection each time3. The hotel runs a special offer with Virgin Active gym 10mins down the road (towards Putney) - 7.50 for a day's use of all facilities, well worth it	
Oct 2 2009 	Worth every penny	I spent 2 days in this hotel in August, u know what i received an exceptional service,a very clean room Really recommend it.	
Sep 21 2009 	Rip off Hotel	I paid £246 for an executive room the first room they gave me was filthy, wallpaper comeing off walls etc. Room48. They then moved me to another reovated room it was very nice had a normal size double bed, no trouser press, but the ac worked.The dwn side was the other rooms were still being renovated there was nothing on their web site to say work was going on, i had been up from 4 in the morning and had flown into London, i was very tired and wanted to get some sleep in the afternoon, no chance the decorators made sure off that. I asked if the workmen would be there on saturday morning the person on reception didnt know ( she had blond hair and was not very friendly), So in the morning hopeing to get a bit off a lay in again no chance banb drll bang. i asked to be moved and they said they would move me at noon, but when they rang to tell me the new room was ready i was to tired to re pack and move, maybe when they get the work done it will be better, oh they also took money to pay for the room before i arrived from my maestro card how they did this i do not know, as i had given them different card details. You may hav e a lovely time in the honey moon suite but as for the rest, i will not go there again, friends stayed at the Premier Inn Putney will go there next year.	
Sep 14 2009 	AN AMAZING HOTEL WITH FANTASTIC SERVICE	My wife and I recently had our wedding at this establishment. After searching several areas in south west London my wife came across The Lodge Hotel Putney. From our first meeting with the hotel Manager Alberto, he helped us plan, manage and above was dedicated to givig us the wedding of our dreams. The day of the wedding was fantastic the service that we received was first class. The staff were extreamly helpfull and we received so many compliments on how beautiful the rooms were. The hotel also boasts one of the most elegant and colorful gardens a fantastic place for pictures. The dinner that was served was one of the best that I have had. The hotel also offers a bar that allowing visitors to grab a quick drink or sit and relax with friends. My wife and I stayed in the Bridal Suite and were amazed at the clasy and modern room with modern 32 inch flat screens and most importantly soft and comfortable beds that allow you to drift off to sleep. The bathroom in our room was clean, modern and well presented. Overall this is a hotel that I would recommend to my friends and family. The staff and management are very helpful, the rooms and facilities are clean and imaculate and I dare say one of Putney's hidden treasures!	
Sep 13 2009 	A Real Let Down	My husband and I chose this hotel because it was located near to family who live in Putney. There was very little choice in this area otherwise I think I would have packed and left. We had been travelling in Europe for a month and this was our last stop before heading home after spending some time with family. We were given a very small, cramped and somewhat smelly room that lead off an interior corridor that was obviously an add on. There was no ventilation as the small windown opened out only onto the corridor whcich did not have access to fresh air. The room was extremely hot and stuffy and very unwelcoming at the end of a long day. There was no A/C which where I come from has been standard in this type of hotel for more than 30 years. Disgraceful and very unhealthy. It would not pass health regulations in Oz. No way. The staff with very few exceptions were indifferent. The only saving grace was the breakfast and this was very expensive. The cafe across the road did a better one and a third the price. We needed medication to be kept in a refrigerator and the desk staff did so even though it appeared to be an inconvenience to them and they were doing us a favour, especially one particular woman who was very rude and appeared to be a supervisor. I am reluctant to be so negative with reviews but this place was very below par and would be classified as a one star in Oz. Never again. Do yourself a favour and go elsewhere.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great staff really good service.	Great service form everyone from bartender to waitresses. Friendly and curtious. Very high standard breakfast, plentiful and tasty. Must be a very good chef and kitchens.  Only downside for us was the standard room which was very small and not suitable for a double room. Silly things like TV on top of small wardrobe, Kettle having to stay on floor as only able to plug in under desk. No air con and room too hot. Skylight window did let in cool air but also noise and could not black out as blind build in window. Shower was tiny and shower head sprayed water in all directions. In morning shower was cold and even left on for 10 minutes still stone cold. It worked night before. Other family member had &quot;luxury room&quot; which I would have thought was just an ordinary room but it was fine and every thing worked ok and very nice bathroom. Would stay again but would check what room I was in. Defiantly don’t stay on the top floor. Internet PC in lounge was good. Parking was excellent. Reasonable level of cleanleness.	
Aug 12 2009 	clean decent place	I enjoyed my stay here at best western lodge hotel, staff where very friendly and sociable. They where able to tell me a bit about the local area. Food was excellent and was checked up on to make sure that everything was ok.However if you are situated at the top floor expect to be very hot. You will only be provided with a tiny office fan to try keep you cool and when coming to the middle of summer that was not brilliant. Some rooms have air con but mine unfortunatly didnt. My room was very cramped and also had no spare plug sockets to put my laptop into however I just unplugged the lamp and I was fine!Beds where nicely made and clean ready to get in. You could certainly relax here.	
Aug 7 2009 	A good base away from London	Stayed here recently as we were visiting friends in Putney, rather than have them come all the way into london. This hotel - two Edwardian-style houses merged together - is about a 3 minute walk away from Putney East tube station on the District line, which was good news. First room we got - No.41 - was a bit unclean and the guy in the room upstairs woke us up at 1am and 4am due to him walking across badly creaking floorboards, so avoid this room. We asked for a change next day and got room 14, which is down by the restaurant.The restaurant is a conservatory and lovely and bright. Breakfast was a self-serve and plentiful, with plenty of cearals, too. And good coffee! The staff are mainly Spanish/portuguese and a couple of Polish girls who are all very friendly. The little Indian/Tamil guy on the bar at night is more interested in the footy and chatting up the receptionists than tending his bar, though.We liked it that much that we stayed another night at even less than we booked it on Superbreak.com!! When your there, on Upper Richmond Road, do try the Italian deli just before the tube station and keep away from the Tj Mahal curry house further down on the other side - I got the sh**s from just a starter!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Fantastic Meeting Venue and Incredibly Helpful Staff	Further to our discussion yesterday, I wanted to thank you once more for an excellent day at the Lodge Hotel. I was an independent facilitator brought in by London Borough of Wandsworth to facilitate their away day.I was incredibly impressed by the facilities made available to us (the conservatory was fantastic) which really contributed to the success of the day. The meal and refreshments throughout the day were fantastic. I would like to particularly acknowledge the efforts of your staff team. Every staff member who came into the room was polite and welcoming, always saying hello and enquiring if I/we needed anything further and making every effort to ensure that our time with you was enjoyable. Indeed, nothing was too much trouble – I was most grateful that the team even provided a cable for my computer as mine had been lost.Please pass on my thanks to you team – they do a fantastic job (I deliver customer care training so I know how important it is!!) and have certainly given me a fantastic impression of The Lodge Hotel. I will definitely be recommending your hotel in the future	
Jun 5 2009 	Good rooms good position great service!	I recently arranged an international sales conference at the Lodge Hotel for my company, and was very impressed by the way they handled everything. We had just under 30 attendee's and around 25 stayed in the hotel. The staff are excellent and most importantly very accommodating with any requests and changes that you may need during your stay. The meeting rooms were good and the airconditioning was welcomed considering the warm weather we experienced during the week we were there. I was fortunate enough to stay in a Luxury Room which is very well appointed and of a great size if compared to other hotels in London. If you are going to stay at the hotel ask for a renovated room - this is a big improvement over the older style rooms! One main complaint was that the hotel was extremely warm and so was the room I was staying in (room 54). If only they had airconditioning it would be perfect!! I mentioned this to the manager and he explained that they are working on it (it is apparently caused by the plumbing pipes, which are being changed at the moment). On the last night I moved to Room 15 (unscheduled extra night) and was very pleasantly surprised by how cool it was, and how well it was decorated (renovated room). To be honest, there was not much difference to the Luxury Room and it was much cooler on the bottom floor, if a little noisy!In general, we had only one (extremely fussy) delegate move hotels, and the rest were very happy. It has a good location, and is close to East Putney Tube Station which will take you straight into London or out to Wimbledon (great place!). I would certainly stay there again!	
Jun 5 2009 	disappointing location noisy and overpriced	OK, so this is London (just about) and we're all supposed to accept that only a rancid mattress under a railway bridge comes in at under £100 but ... this hotel still represents poor value. If the location was great then there'd be some payoff for lack of staff, small and soulless rooms with tiny bathrooms, thin walls and noisy corridors (why not clad your sixteen hundred interconnecting doors so they don't constantly bang?). But the location *isn't* great - on a busy road away from the centre of Putney. So ... if you need to be in Putney for an event, stick to the inconvenience of cabbing or tubing and stay in a hotel in the city proper.	
Apr 3 2009 	Would not stay here again	I recently stayed at this hotel on business. I stayed there for 2 nights, on the first day I left my room only to return to find that an item of clothing was missing. The hotel have not been helpful infact they have just dismissed the incident. This is now in the hands of the police, as a loan female its very unnerving to know someone has been in your room whilst you've been out.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great little hotel	Great little hotel. Had wimbledon suite for 2adults + 2kids. Fine sized family room with 2 single beds + 1 king sized bed/tea/coffee making facilities/hairdryer/v comfy beds. 3 little steps down to bathroom which was compact but spotless &amp; had everything we needed. Just beside east putney tube station + somerfield minimarket just down the road where we got all our necessities. Fine clean small hotel and would most definitely stay there again &amp; would highly recommend to anybody.	
Jan 7 2009	first class	stayed in this hotel for a weekend break with my family.we came up from manchester.staff was first class,food was first class, great location. we have stayed in many hotels in london this was the best. we will be back.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great place to stay	My stay was a pleasant experience, the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast foods were always fresh and good . The staff was very warm and friendly and willing to help if I had any questions. I would love to stay there again.	
Sep 22 2008 	Excellent hotel lovely staff	My mum and I stayed at the Lodge while attending the Davis Cup at Wimbledon. We arrived early and our room wasn't quite ready but the staff kept our luggage so we could go to the tennis. When we got back to the hotel we received an executive twin room (even though we had only booked a standard twin) Room and ensuite were lovely and very clean, beds were very comfortable. As we had had a long day we decided to order room service for dinner, food arrived quickly and was delicious, nice touch was receiving the dessert separately so the ice cream didn't melt while we were eating our main meal. Breakfast in the morning was lovely and served in a conservatory that while you were in you wouldn't believe you were in London. Again staff were very helpful and friendly and made you feel at ease. On check out everything was straight forward and bill was exactly as expected. We arrived back at the hotel well before our car was due and the staff made us feel welcome as we sat in the lounge waiting on our car. A very nice hotel, and the staff made our trip very enjoyable.	
Aug 30 2008 	Best Wstern Lodge Hotel	Stayed here as a base for London sightseeing. Tube station a short walk. Nice apparently safe residential area. Family room is the upper floor of a converted garage. The entire hotel is a converted house. It has three separate rooms: a main room with two beds, a second bedroom with a single bed that is also the passageway to the bathroom. No A/C - it got a little warm. Good for travelling with teenagers. All rooms were a good size and clean. Helpful staff. Free parking. Free computer in the lobby for internet browsing. The only reason for the lower overall rating is the price but it wasn't too bad for the location.	
Aug 25 2008 	Misleading website.	After looking on the web at many hotels with qiuck access to Earls Court,i plumped for the Lodge hotel,with the offer of free parking being one of main draws.The hotels website paints a really excellent picture.However,i can also agree with the last review.As i approached the hotel i instantly thought what a mistake i had made.I arrived late so really didnt want to waste any more time looking for somewhere else.The hotel does indeed look very shabby from the outside...paint peeling off everywhere.The reception looks okay but my room was awful at best.All the rooms have been recently refurbished according to the website with guests receiving luxury accomodation.When they say RECENTLY, i take it that they mean in the last twenty years.The carpet in my room was threadbare,the bed lumpy and the bathroom had very old fittings which were also dirty.The one saving grace for this hotel is the nice breakfast room.Its a pity that the rest of the hotel hasnt had as much thought spent on it.The last time i was in London i booked the Holiday Inn in Brentford which was excellent and £30 cheaper.I cant believe that i didnt go for this one again...you live and learn.I paid £100 for a double room for me and my son...even he asked if we could swap to a more modern hotel and he is only 10 years old.I know that by London rates that £100 is probably a good deal but by this hotels standard i would want a week for that.	
Aug 14 2008 	Would not recommend The Lodge Hotel Putney	This was the nearest hotel to a wedding we attended. After I checked it out on the website. It looked lovely and to the standard that I usually go for at a price that I would expect to pay out of the city.When we drove up I nearly died it looked shabby on the outside, the receiption looked OK so I was hopefull the room lived up to the webpage. It didnt. It was old, shabby, crampt. The onsuite was top clean, but the shower head was dirty after a good scrub with the medical stuff I had, I decided it was to dangerous for me to shower having an open wound. I would have checked out the min I saw the room but I was with other guests, and I couldn't leave them alone. I looked at there rooms and it was the same in them. I feel was deceived by the standard shown on the webpage. On the plus side, the breakfast was nice. The Staff very nice. Its close to the East Putney Tube.	
Jul 20 2008 	Excellent Attentive Staff	Recently had the pleasure of a short weekend break at the hotel, where we were looked after by Alberto and his team in an efficient and friendly manner. Food and decoration of a good standard with improvement continuing on an ongoing basis. The only minor drawback was the variance in water temperature whilst running the shower, and we understand this will be rectified during the next month or two when the local water authority replace old pipes and improve the existing water pressure.	
Jun 25 2008 	hell hole	stayed during wimbledon week, got a box sized room, no aircon, leave window open to hear dulcet tones of police sirens, shower a massive 14&quot;square, ok if you like your nose pressed against the wall and shower curtain stuck to your back. tea making facilities kept in wardrobe, milk and cream were off, not that you could make a drink, no kettle. glad someone else paid the £110 per night, i thought it was a total rip off, travel lodge a far better bet, still you could sit on toilet and wash your feet in the sink at same time, quiet a novelty in a modern hotel	
May 28 2008 	Excellent for visiting London	We needed to visit central London for a couple of day's and wanted to take our car as we were travelling elswhere after our stay. Considering that many London hotels do not have parking or charge considerably, plus the Congestion Charge it was one of the main reasons why we chose The Lodge with it's free parking. Access to central London is really easy, but very crowded if you travel at commuter times. However the tube station is less that 5 minutes walk away. The hotel itself is very bright and modern, and our room facing the front onto the main road was very good and exceptionally clean. Though the hotel is on the main A205 South Circular, but at night it was relatively quiet. As others have mentioned, breakfast is served in a lovely conservatory overlooking gardens and I cannot fault the quality of food or service by any of the staff throughout. There is also a free Computer in the lounge if you need it. Yes, a good hotel and a convenient location. Try the Youngs Brewery website if you like pub food, we ate at the Boathouse overlooking the river and the Queen Adelaide, both about 10 minutes walk away, both offering qood service and good food.	
Apr 21 2008 	a nice hotel to stay	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for the whole weekend. We had a pleasant time during the stay. The reception staff were so courteous and helpful that we were very impressed on our arrival. The room we stayed was a spacious double room, nice and clean, overlooking a lovely garden. I just loved it! Definitely worth trying	
Apr 16 2008 	A delightful alternative	Being a frequent traveller to london on business tends to be throughly depressing, checking into inpersonal chained hotels e.g. hilton, travel lodge...e.t.c. I find the Lodge Hotel to be a delightful alternative to such places. The welcoming and atentive staff made a trip to london not such a chore, even though the hotel was clearly busy, while i relaxed at the bar the staff were friendly and effcient. The area itself is quieter than central london although there was still a number of great places to eat and at the end of the road was the tube. My room was clean and spacious with a compfy bed and all the ameinties i required for my nights stay. I would highly recommend a stay.	
Apr 16 2008 	Convenient and Classy Putney Hotel	My stay at The Lodge Hotel was excellent value. The location can't be beat - so close to the Underground - with access to Central London in just a few minutes. Wimbledon is even closer. The hotel has all the features and amenities you could hope for, whether for conferences or a London holiday. The rooms are clean, the showers and bathrooms are modern and with excellent water pressure. The common rooms are attractive and well-presented. While the hallways and layout of the building are a bit quirky, it just serves as a reminder that you're staying somewhere unique - not some soulless block hotel with runway corridors. But special notice must go to the breakfast room, a lovely glass conservatory at the back of the hotel where the full English breakfast is always well-prepared. A very nice way to start the day. I enjoyed my stay and look forward to returning the next time I need a hotel near London.	
Apr 9 2008 	Very Basic	This hotel was booked on my behalf. I had to change rooms as the first one very very dirty, second was better but still not very clean. My tip would be to only stay in one of there new rooms.It is only 3 star so did not expect much. Food in the bar is also very basic, but ok for a snack. Staff friendly and polite. Would not stay here again, too expensive for what you get.	
Apr 3 2008	A leaky lodge in Putney?	We stayed for a week at the Best Western and enjoyed our room overlooking the garden. There was a hole in the ceiling that seemed to indicate a leak that had never been properly patched. The breakfast fare was typical and never varied; however, the service was good but the coffee was terrible!! Judging from frayed tablecloths, a cracked coffee cup, and cracks in the glass panels of a hall door, I would say the hotel needs better maintenance beyond its glossy surface.We noticed and reported to desk staff a leak in the ceiling by the coke machine which was dripping water onto the carpet. This was not remedied until, 4 days later, when a pail was put out to catch the drops. Not a very professional solution to the problem. The desk staff was distant and not terribly helpful. I would definitely not advise this accommodation for anyone with a mobility impairment.	
Mar 24 2008 	Give Putney A Try !	Unless you enjoy the noise, grubbiness and tourist hordes that mob the streets of Earls Court and Kensington, think about branching out to a different London neighborhood for your next visit. Four of my friends were in town to see some football at Craven Cottage and Stamford Bridge. You couldn't beat the location of the BW Lodge in Putney. It's a simple walk or tube ride from there to those locations. The hotel itself is quite fine and the neighborhood is just that - real Londoners and real families.We chose to skip the food and drink at the hotel in favor of the local establishments - much cheaper and more enjoyable. Plenty of excellent pubs along or off the High Street. The Green Man is a real winner - take the bus up Putney Hill; it has its own stop. Great atmosphere and food.	
Jan 31 2008 	suprisingly good	Myself and my partner stayed here for 2 nights and although we had a small room in the eaves no 11 it was spotlessly clean we had a tea, coffee and biscuits tray , ironing board, hairdryer etc in fact everything you could want from a room on a short break.The staff were really helpfull and friendly and the breakfast was good and buffet style so that you could eat as much or as little as you chose, barman was really helpfull.I must say it was a very pleasant stay and the garden looks a lovely place to sit in if visiting in nicer weather.We wouldn't hesitate to stay again free parking is a bonus,3-4 mins walk to tube and short journey into town marvellous. Local restaurants are also good.Janie and Greg	
Jan 28 2008 	Just about acceptable	If you want somewhere to get your head down, and in which you won't be spending much time, then this hotel is ok but if you are claustrophobic or expect to spend more than a couple of waking hours in your hotel room then this may not be the one for you.Having read some of the previous reviews, it may be that I was very unlucky with my room (50) but cannot believe there would be a huge difference between them. I could barely swing a cat, the tea and coffee making facilities were in (not on) the bedside table (presumably to save space, only found the morning after as it wasn't pointed out to us) and the en-suite was ridiculously small. We were in the eaves of the building and so not only was it a tiny room, but also had to contend with a sloping ceiling!On the plus side, the bar downstairs is very nice and the breakfast buffet had sufficient choice and quantity. Also the fact that it has a free car park is a huge plus and one of the major reasons we chose to stay here. Our friends who also stayed here, asked to change their room after the first night because a. it was so small and b. they were woken up for 4 hours with someone talking in the room next door. This is an old house with very thin walls so if you're a light sleeper - bring ear plugs!All in all, it served a purpose but I certainly wouldn't choose to stay here again.	
Dec 2 2007 	Perfect in Putney	What a great hotel! It’s a long time since I received such helpful andcourteous service in and around London. The free parking was a good start; the room was perfect, well appointed, clean and comfortable with a light and airy feel. Following a good nights sleep the hearty and tasty breakfast went downa treat and was served by friendly and cheerful staff. I found the location to be spot on with good amenities, great restaurants and peaceful parks on the doorstep and close by in Putney and Richmond, all great and safe areas. Travel into the heart of London was quick and easy by tube, cab and car or only a short walk. I stayed for 2 nights/3 days on a ‘business and pleasure’ trip, the hotel comfortably met the requirements for both. There is even a quietand well appointed garden area at the rear, a bit cold in November butwhen I return in summer it’s another reason to stay here again. I’d definitely recommend this hotel, I checked out feeling completely happy to pay the exceptionally reasonable rates.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good place to stay	Had a pleasant stay at the Lodge Hotel in early November. The hotel was picked for its amenities and its proximity to Brixton, where a friend and I were going to two concerts. I had Room 48 -- a double on the top floor. Nice, quiet (altho the floor was quite creaky, but the Lodge IS in an old house) and surprisingly roomy for a London hotel. I was braced for a shoebox, but was pleasantly surprised. The room and bath were spotless, and the towels were changed daily. Lots of amenities in the room -- LCD TV, clock radio, blow dryer, iron AND pants press, plus tea-making stuff. There was free Internet in the lounge. I skipped the breakfast (it was included only one of my four days there, for some odd reason), instead partaking of the killer chocolate croissants from the grocery down the road. The hotel is in a great location. Shops and the East Putney Tube station are up the road; walk just a little farther, and you hit the High Street, with even more shops and restaurants. The No. 37 bus stops right out front ... a direct shot to Brixton, one way, or the High Street the other (get an Oyster card. Excellent!). There's also a minicab stand up the road .... 24GBP to Heathrow. Can't beat it. Unfortunately, my travelling companion didn't have the same experience. Got the dreaded Room 16 (see review below), a tiny double right under some very creaky stairs. She got moved to a single on the top floor, and said it was much better, and definitely quiet. The Wi-Fi turned out to not be free, and there was some mixup with the late night/early morning staff when her husband called and he was told she wasn't there. Eeek! Then there was the morning the fire alarm went off at 6.30. False alarm, thankfully. Some fool had lit up in a non-smoking room. My room was non-smoking -- and it was clearly marked that way -- yet there was an ashtray in the room. Something they need to work on. Overall, tho, the hotel was nice and the staff were friendly. I'd definitely stay there again if the price were right. Traveling companion said the same thing, just not in Room 16.	
Nov 18 2007 	Awesome hotel amazing staff	We had an awesome time in London and this hotel was a great find. We landed in London Heathrow early in the morning and took a cab to the hotel. We didn't expect to get to our room until miday but the staff were so helpful that they got a room ready for us and upgraded us. Great bed and very homely feel to it. Tiny tv. The staff were just amazing which made us feel so relaxed. The room was at the back of hotel down by the garden, it was really quiet almost as if you werent in the city. We went to see phantom of the opera, amazing! The tube is so easy to get around the city and the staff at reception helped explain everything to us...great people. After our stay we took a cab to the waterloo station for the eurostar to paris, how cool to be able to get the paris in 3 hours...Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2007	A truly frustrating experience	This hotel used to be awful, but I tried it again knowing it was under new management. Sadly, despite the posh brochure promising designer fittings and rooms perfect for business travellers, it's still pretty bad. The first night, the hot tap in my mother's room came away spraying scalding hot water everywhere. The second night my mother was downgraded to a single room because the hotel was filling up and they wanted to maximise takings by not having any single people sleeping in double beds. I was told twice by the reception manager that it was hotel policy to downgrade single occupants in this way. Can you imagine any traveller, especially the business traveller that this hotel aims at putting up with that? Incredible!	
Oct 17 2007 	A little gem	My wife and I have stayed here on a number of occasions due to the fact that she works in the area from time to time. We last stayed in mid October.The hotel is clean and comfortable and offers parking.The buffet breakfast in the morning is good value and offers the full range of breakfast foods, hot and cold.The rooms are well appointed and the management are constantly upgrading the facilities. The hotel may not be as 'flash' as some others, but it has its own charm and individual appeal.However, the outstanding feature of this hotel is the level of service. The staff are excellent, and on every occasion on which we have stayed we have always found all members of staff to be courteous, helpful, efficient and happy. That last comment may sound a little strange, but it seems to us that where you have contented staff, you also have a very good establishment.	
Oct 10 2007 	Romantic catch up!	What a fantastic weekend we had. The purpose was for my girlfriend and I to have a bit of peace and quiet away from flat mates, having not seen each other for a couple of weeks. We booked their luxury room, and was not disappointed! The room was fantastic - massive comfy bed, flat screen TV, wine fridge, huge shower heads - clean, comfortable and luxurious! The staff were extremely helpful and courteous!The breakfast was well worth having - free if you have a luxury room! Fresh croissants, bread, fruit and various bits and bobs! The cooked breakfast was also of a very good standard!Both my girlfriend and I had a lovely weekend! We will defo come back again!!	
Oct 8 2007 	Not exactly room 1408 but a real downgrade	My wife and I stayed two nights in Best Western The Lodge, Putney, in October because of their location, price, and the availability of free parking. We prepaid the full room cost several weeks in advance through the Best Western website, and we are Best Western Gold Crown Club members, but they did not look at our GCC number until we asked on check-out that it be entered in their records. Based on Trip Advisor comments, we requested an upper floor room because of footfall noise, and they had designated us for no-smoking room 59, a nice room with a pleasant view on the second floor. But whether or not you prepay or anything else, there is no guarantee that requests will be met, and on the day we arrived at 4 p.m., we were reassigned to non-smoking room 16 in the basement under a room and a set of stairs leading up to it, and every child's and adult's clump-clump above us resonated quite clearly in our hollow space. The room window looked out on a well and another room's window (see photo) and often on a workman who was making something with plywood boards during working hours. The writing pad by the phone consisted of just one sheet of paper. In the bathroom, the toilet tissue bar lacked a screw and slanted downward so the roll frequently fell off onto the floor. People in the walkway outside could see into our bathroom through the vanes of a plastic fan in the frosted glass of the window, so we showered in the dark. As we fell asleep late at night, we heard what sounded like the popping of fireworks or distant gunfire, but we determined later that it was the sound of a fusillade of floorboards squeaking as people passed the hallway near us. On the first morning of our stay, the breakfast area had too many guests, so we had to wait in the bar to be called to eat breakfast. The breakfast included warm and cold offerings, and I would rate it very good in very pleasant surroundings (see photo). The wait staff were overloaded on that morning, and our order for white toast was filled (with brown toast) as we were ready to leave. The butter, yoghurt, jam, and fruit were in a sliding-door refrigerator whose access was blocked by the knees and legs of anyone pouring milk into cereal bowls which took longer as the milk level ran down to a trickle. The breakfast menu stated that the cost for breakfast was Stg. 8 per person, so we quickly got out our Internet reservation confirmation and found that it did not refer to breakfast at all. We re-checked with the reception desk man who had simply told me when I checked in what time breakfast was served, and he assured us that, yes, breakfast was included in the cost of our room. When we checked out, a different receptionist told us that we would have to pay for breakfast for the two days of our stay. We still don't know which receptionist was correct but in the end we were not charged. There is one computer in a front room for guests to use for Internet access, and every room is a T-mobile hotspot where access costs about 50 cents a minute. The reception staff were polite in the manner of busy civil servants, which contrasted greatly with the friendly staff at Express by Holiday Inn, Hammersmith, who seemed selflessly caring for the comfort of their guests. Our small unprivate/ inconvenient room was as adequate as most apartments I had as a college student, parking was easy, and the breakfast was very good. But our missed luck in the room lottery and the functionary’s politeness and confusion of the staff made us feel that the overall experience did not provide good value. For every loser there is a winner someplace, and I suspect that other members who ranked it a &quot;5&quot; did not have their awesome experiences in room no. 16, deep in the bowels of Best Western's The Lodge.	
Sep 24 2007 	Excellent	My family and I had a very pleasant stay at the Best Western Lodge Hotel. We stayed in a garden room that was quiet, clean and pleasantly decorated. The bar snacks were enjoyed by us all and the children would recommend the burger. Breakfast was a treat with buffet style that meant you could go back for more. The staff were extremely helpful and knowledgeable and being so close to the tube meant we could leave our car in the car park - which is free! The rooms are an excellent price; we paid just £160 for our family room, which is excellent value for London. This hotel is the perfect place to stay when visiting London, as it’s so close to the centre yet away from the hustle. I would definitely recommend a stay here and we will most certainly go back.	
Jul 9 2007 	Good ratio price/quality	This hotel has good value for your money. This is not common in London, where the prices are very high. Also a good location, 250 m from metrostation East Putney (zone 2). Rooms are clean and pleasant.Nice breakfastarea with view on the garden. Helpful staff	
Nov 23 2006 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is reasonable, and is located in a good location as previous postings mentioned. There is free parking behind the hotel and the breakfast is decent enough with nice rolls and croissants. However, if it has been recently updated, it's a fairly poor upgrade.The showers are below the standard expected from a BW hotel in a major city, alternating between scalding and freezing water. Other comments about creaky floorboards, breakfast smells and very soft beds are all still true.I booked an Executive Room online, but on checking in the booking read Economy Room. Reception advised me it's the same thing, but clearly it's not. Still, for two nights in (fairly central) London at 69 pounds a night (breakfast not included) it's not too bad - you get what you pay for basically.Would I stay here again, probably, but I'd expect a better room,,,	
Sep 13 2004 	No sleep in Putney	My wife and I experienced a very uncomfortable night at this Best Western hotel. Forced out of our flat by flooding we relocated to this our local hotel. Althought the staff were pleasant and helpful at all times the standard of the accomodation was distinctly third rate. Though clean, the room was badly in need of redecorating. The bed was VERY uncomfortable. There was no air conditioning causing the room to be a sauna. The noise from the passing traffic was deafening with the room shaking everytime a lorry passed. Don't take a room on the front of the hotel if you want any sleep. Finally this hotel is outragously overpriced. I recommend going to the Putney Bridge Travel Inn instead. We did for our second night! It's half the price and twice as good!	
Sep 7 2004	Not suitable for US travelers who expect US-based Best Western Standards	I had a 10 day business trip in Putney, London, and I booked the Best Western Lodge specifically for the Best Western name, thinking that because Best Western is a US based company, their hotels would more likely cater to the needs of (business) travelers from the US.The Lodge Hotel is badly in need of a major update. The hotel was also not air conditioned for summer.I started my first night in Room 4, which reminded of a room that you see in movies where fugitives would hide out in (think “Thelma and Louise,” or more recently, the movie “Monster”). Rooms 4 and 3 share a wall (which I believe was built specifically to separate 1 legitimate room into 2 rooms), and you can hear every word and other sounds coming from the next room. The doors of both room slams loudly, and as an added bonus, the floor above the room creeks terribly. I would not recommend Rooms 3 or 4 (these rooms are the “Superior” rooms).I asked for a room change, but the very polite front desk staff member told me that they were sold out that first night (the Saturday before their August Bank Holiday), but will switch my room the next night (Sunday). They were able to “upgrade” me to an “Executive Room” (Room 66). Room 66 had a more private entrance, but the windows opened to the restaurant’s dumpster (thankfully they did not smell badly during my stay) and to the restaurant’s exhaust fan. Because the hotel does not have air conditioning, the windows had to be kept open. During mornings, starting about 6:30am or so, you will feel like breakfast was being cooked in your room (you smell bacon and eggs, for sure, and the clashing of dishes). Not an entirely unpleasant way to wake up, if you are a breakfast person. I stayed in Room 66 for the remainder 8 nights.The floors of the hotel are in bad shape, as you can hear walking (loud and annoying creaking of the floor boards) from the rooms above. I had the misfortune of having a heavy-walker staying in the room above me, and I was awaken every time he or she stomped his or her way to the bathroom every night and every morning.Overall, the furniture is old, mattresses (in both rooms) are about 5 years older than they should be (those with bad backs, bring pain killers!), and towels are threadbare. I have been told by others who have stayed at The Lodge to ask for the Putney Suite on the next stay, which supposedly is much nicer (unfortunately I only got this information upon my return to the US). The staff though, by and large, is very pleasant. They have no control over the condition of the property, so I cannot fault them. The property is close to an Underground station (East Putney), so it is convenient to get out to Central London for sightseeing. For the prices they charge, I think you may want to spend a few more Pounds and stay in a nicer hotel in Central London, Richmond, or Wimbledon. Finally, for business travelers -- don’t even think about working in your room! The desk space is nearly non-existent, and the lighting is terrible (at least in the “Executive Room” 66).	
Mar 24 2004	Beautiful hotel - very pleasant staff	The Lodge Hotel in Putney is so close to everyuthing and yet in the middle of a nice and relaxing residential area of Putney SW London. We stayed here several times and have to say that the hotel always exceeds our expectations and the staff is the nicest at all times. The executive rooms are worth the extra money and ask for a quiet room by their garden as it can get a little noisy at the front. Very close to the tube and we were very happy stying here.	
Nov 16 2009 	Da evitare		
Sep 24 2009 	Elegante hotel inglese..da tornarci!		
