Nov 24 2009 	nice hotel good location friendly stuff	i stayed for 4 nights in the bentley hotel while attending a congress in london.The hotel is situated in kensington which is a really nice area, just 2 minutes from gloucester rd station and 10 minutes walk from nationnal history museum and kensington gardens...the rooms are nicely decorated, bathroom is large..nice bed...and pillowsthere is a small gym and a spa which i did not use..the breakfast is rather poor [i should sau very poor] for a 5 star hotel...to be honest is the kind of breakfast you expect in a 3-3+ hotel...i had dinner one night in the hotel and food was good and prices the same..oh not to forget the stuff which is very very friendly and last thing..there is no wi fi and internet costs 16 pounds per day which is RIDICULOUS !!!!	
Nov 14 2009 	Very relaxing	Stayed for 2 nights. Really enjoyed our stay, staff very friendly and helpfull. Room though no big was extremely comfortable. Excellent breakfast but evenning meal very disappointing and over priced. Great location and quiet.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Stay at the Bentley	The Bentley is a great hotel. Just one block from the Gloucester Road tube and a number of good restaurants nearby. We got a great deal from the Hilton website which included breakfast for 175 pounds - a bargain for a five star hotel in london. The staff are extremely courteous and helpful right from check-in to check-out. We were given a personal tour of our room by Kasia on reception, late check-out organised without a hassle, transport arranged for us from the hotel to Heathrow on check-out and they even helped us pack our bags. The service was faultless and extremely friendly. The rooms are very spacious and well appointed as is the entire hotel. Overall the hotel was excellent, the staff were exceptional. I can't wait to go back.	
Sep 27 2009 	Doesn't live up to its promise...again	Stayed for the second time at the Bentley...primarily because of its location (steps from the Gloucester Road Tube Station in South Kensington. My first visit, almost a year ago, was just after the transition to Hilton, so I thought the problems encountered were simply due to the switch and would be ironed out given time.Unfortunately, that doesn't appear to be the case. The setting is glamorous and elegant, but just doesn't live up to the standards expected of Hilton, let alone their premium Waldorf-Astoria brand.Rooms are spacious enough (being a HH Gold member, I may have been upgraded, but no one told me one way the other...other expected Honors amenities, apparently, weren't available). Bed was one of the hardest, most uncomfortable I've encountered...I actually had to check to make sure I wasn't sleeping directly on the box spring. Small television (13&quot;) with poor cable connection; even when properly closed, the shower door leaked significant amounts of water onto the floor; cord on the hair dryer wasn't long enough to allow me to use standing up (I'm just under 6 feet tall)....had to crouch down to use it.Service seemed indifferent at best. When I first arrived at the hotel, I struggled to carry my luggage through the door. Even though a doorman was nearby, no offer to help, or even hold the door, was forthcoming. When I checked out, no one at the front desk thanked me for my business or asked what I thought of my stay. Could be a great hotel in a great setting...unfortunately, it's just not ready.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great London Hotel - An Oasis of calm and comfort	This is a comfortable (smallish) hotel, just minutes from Gloucester Road Underground station, in a quiet street. Ideal for exploring the London as a tourist. The staff were very courteous and friendly, the rooms were reasonable sized ... for London, and although there were signs of some aging, the rooms were well appointed and clean. Breakfast was good but not cheap (again its London).After the buzz of the city, a great place to go back to and unwind and relax.	
Sep 15 2009 	Traditional Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for the weekend with my husband and another couple. The hotel is just opp the Natural History Museum in South Kensington. It is about 15 mins walk to Harrods.The service at the hotel was great. I couldn't complain.The rooms were very regal, as is the whole hotel. The jacuzzi bath was lovely on my feet after a hard days shopping.Breakfast was lovely! There is the normal buffet food to choose from, but there is also a fine menu selection to choose from too. And this was included in our price!The only negative thing I can think of was that the bar was expensive... but what do you expect in South Ken?!	
Aug 25 2009 	Perfect stay	Very good hotel. The staff were very friendly and could'nt of helped us more. Good location, just one block from the tube and a stop off for the site seeing open top bus. Just took us 20 mins door to door to watch Mama Mia. Can't comment on the food as we ate out every night, loads of nearby restaurants.	
Aug 11 2009 	Loved the Bentley - great find	THE BESTMy mom and I stayed at this hotel and loved it. Can’t go wrong with a Waldorf Astoria Collection hotel, the staff were so professional and friendly, and the hotel was first rate in its room furnishings, Beds were very comfortable, even the bathroom was amazing - all marble w/ jacuzzi tub. TVs were on the small side, but you don’t stay in this area to watch TV. There is a hotel in the lobby that is free to use. It is in a high rent area - Kensington and there are two very good pubs within a couple of blocks (one is the Stanhope Arms). It’s also two blocks from tube (take Picadilly Line from Heathrow, drop off a couple blocks away) Also the hop on hop off bus stops in front of the tube station and it’s worth the ride if you get the live commentary tour. There is also a great cafe a block away (towards tube) that serves speciality coffees with a croissants on the cheap. We loved this hotel - and stayed at its sister property in Versailles (Trianon Palace) -which was also breathtakingly beautiful. The tea service and spa in this hotel are both amazing and room service was good and reasonably priced.Traveller's tip on getting the most out of your stayWe ran into a professor of British History at the cafe and he said the must see attraction in London is the Tower of London. Take the tour with the beefeaters.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good Location but Poor Service Uncomfortable Room	Close to Gloucester Rd. tube stop, V&amp;A, Harrods, etc. makes the location terrific but except for helpful concierge service the quality of service is poor. The time for my room to be ready was repeatedly pushed back, even though I'd prepaid they wanted an imprint of a credit card to put a surprise 100 pounds/day pre-authorized charge against the room for possible use of the minibar and spa facilities. Used towels were not replaced and just disappeared until the last day in a room that was marginal at best: scorch marks on the lampshades, foot and scuff marks on the walls, gouges in the closet doors and on the main door. The view out the windows was a ledge full of cigarette butts. They appear to have a large staff but with less than 75 rooms they are hard-pressed in communication and paperwork. For example, Hilton and the hotel had been notified several months before that my stay had to be extended from 3 to 6 nights and yet after the third night I arrived back in the hotel in the evening to find that the room had not been cleaned after waiting around for it to be cleaned (and offered tea at a charge) I received an apology and they said that they'd forgotten I needed the room for 3 more nights (even though the pre-authorised charges they applied to my room whn I arrived was for 6 nights).. I've stayed in scores of hotels all over the world in the past 25 years and have to say that this is the worst hotel experience that I have ever had.	
Jul 9 2009 	Small Luxsuary	Very clean,nice staff.Reasonable price.Recently we always stay this hotel at London.	
Jul 2 2009 	Rather posh place (shame about non-existent frequent guest recognition)	This is a quite good upscale small hotel which is nicely located. Though this is a part of Hilton chain, don’t expect the normal HHonors Silver/Gold/Diamond perks (such as free breakfast or room upgrade) here. Review is based on a three night stay in June’09 (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe)Location:Very good location almost next to the Gloucester Road tube station with a number of pubs, restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. Still in rather quiet residential street, i.e. not immediately next to any bar etc. Walking distance to Natural History Museum, Science Museum and V&amp;A. Harrods not too far away either. Room:Had a deluxe room in the third floor which was large, especially by London standards. Certainly more than enough for me as a single traveler. Room had all the normal equipment e.g. mini bar and safe. Décor can be summarized as quite extravagant with lots of gold. Style is quite “Arabic”, especially in the bathroom. Not exactly my style, but still not too tacky as such. Bathtub included a whirlpool mechanismRoom was facing inner garden, no noise whatsoever. It was very clean and well kept Service: Nothing to complain about, quite fast and effective service whenever needed. Though I’m low maintenance visitor, i.e. didn’t test the knowledge level of concierge or anything like thatEtc: As HHonors Diamond member I’m used to receiving complimentary breakfast / room upgrade / water or wine in room, which obviously is a part of why I use Hilton hotels a lot. However, here I got absolutely nothing despite Waldorf-Astoria also being a part of Hilton chain. It seems that they have their own policy, unfortunately, as the same happened to my colleague who is also HHonors Diamond. So just be aware of this. There’s no Executive Lounge in this hotel. Would I return there?I might, depending on the price (now that I’m aware of those peculiarities related to HHonors&lt;=&gt;Waldorf relationship so that would not a disappointment anymore)	
Jun 30 2009 	So luxurious and grand...didn't want to leave	I loved stayed at the Bentley so much, it would have to be one of my top hotels! We actually found the Bently via wotif.com after moving out of a terrible hotel our travel agent had booked for us. The location of the Bentley was perfect, only a couple of mintues to the tube station (sorry I don't remember the station name). We walked from the station to the hotel late one night and felt safe - its a very nice neighbourhood. There is also a few good places to eat close by. Our suite was exquisite! The suites feel a million dollars! The size of the room was impressive...very spacious. The marble bathroom was also very large and lovely. The staff we encounted were very professional and made our stay very welcome. We very much enjoyed the Bentley.	
Jun 21 2009 	Shame on them	A beautiful building does not make a hotel special - it's the service and this hotel does not deserve the distinction of Hilton's upper echelon chain, Waldorf-Astoria. From an understaffed front desk to a inept concierge, service is obviously not a priority here.Having requested a rental car by email prior to arrival, we were told it would not be a problem to arrange upon arrival for pick up at the hotel. Upon arrival, it seemed to be a first time request and the concierge had difficulty with the request. Since our room &quot;was not ready&quot; at 12:30pm, we went out and the concierge said they'd work on the rental. When we returned, we were told that London rental companies place a 1000 pound hold on the credit card for rentals of premium cars. We had not been told any of this when we first made the inquiry and felt the way everyting was handled was poor. When I stated that it seemed like this was a new request for him, he stated that most guests have cars with private drivers! Insult? I think so.The room was acceptable and well appointed. The location is ideal. But the service just turned us off and we canceled three additional nights to relocate to another luxury hotel where we enjoyed our stay immensely in a more spacious and comfortable room.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Value	This hotel is very convenient if you use Underground service by Picadilly line from any of the terminals in Heathrow provided you are not carrying too much luggage. You alight at Glocester Road and the hotel is less than 150.M away. It is in a quiet street by Harrington-Garden, quite a bit of Cafe's like Paul's and the Michelin rated Indian-Restaurent Bombay-Brasserie is very close. The hotel too is compact and nice with a posh lobby and importantly I took a standard single room, but got upgraded to a deluxe room, which was very well designed. The bathrooms are in immaculate shape and the hotel staff were obliging and friendly. I got my room between wednesday and saturday for an average price of 170.GBP all incl, which I thought was phenominally good value for what you get. I did not use the spa or the restaurent except for desserts, which were delicious.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location.	Located in a conservation and residential zone. A pity about the hotel's noisy rooftop machinery, which could impact on sleep.	
Jun 3 2009 	Small Beautiful and Great Location	We loved the Bentley! After all the research and reading comments we decided on the Bentley. Got a great deal with breakfast as we did not want to search for that all important first morning meal. Extravagant decor with gold, rich jewel tone fabrics, and inlaid wood tables...we like this! Tall ceilings, and marble floors and columns round out the picture. The staff was very accommodating, polite nad nice to talk to. We arrived early and were shown immediately to our room...to which I asked to be changed to a room with a tub....that request was graciously accepted. Nice spa tub, beautiful decoration, king bed, free inroom safe, huge room for Europe/London from what we saw in our research. We were at the end of a hall and heard no noise from outside or other rooms. Internet access deal was good for 5 pounds for 24 hours....keyboard a bit of a problem so we chose to not use. The hotel is a smaller one...only about 7 floors...very nice and cozy. As our package included breakfast I will just say that the breakfast buffet was standard, but we also had the choice to include cooked food. That got us through most of the day so we could concentrate on sightseeing! Location is about 1 block off main street of Cromwell and around the block 5 minute walk to Gloucester Road Tube. About 30 minute walk to Museums and Kensington Park. Plenty of food, restaurants, grocery stores, and transport! Perfect location for us. Recommend this hotel highly!! Nicest staff who will do anything for you.	
May 21 2009 	pure class	Got great internet rate for this hotel. Minute you walk in you're treated as royalty. My room was great but hot water was not working in shower. I notified staff and manager came up straight away. As problem couldn't be fixed, I got an immediate upgrade ;-). Perfect location. Strange: cleaning lady was wearing sweaty casual clothes ... you would expect cleaning staff of a 5 star hotel to wear a uniform.	
Apr 13 2009 	Not my thing but nice	I got a late deal on this hotel and paid just over £110 (with a certain internet booker). For that price in London I think it's a bargin. The room was very much of the faded elegance variety, marble bathrooms, but some patches of rotted wood. French regency furniture, but stains on the carpet - that kind of thing. The public areas are making an attempt at the Palace of Versailles on a budget as far as I could gather, I loved the staircase though.My room was enormous - for London - with a sofa and desk etc. The air conditioning worked perfectly and the jacuzzi was lovely. Members of staff i spoke to were very friendly (I noticed the previous reviews stated to the contrary), though I had limited dealings with them. I skipped breakfast as it was listed at £23 and I was on a budget trip. The hotel is around the corner from Gloucester Road tube station, so pretty handy, Earl's Court is also very nearby.	
Mar 17 2009 	Highly polished surroundings don't make up for poor/no service	The Bentley looks gorgeous in highly polished marble and wood The bedrooms are also very clean and our bathroom was again delightful. However, the staff are always on hand to pull down the facade of high-class and reveal the manure beneath. For an alleged 5-star property it was sadly lacking in almost every conceivable notion of service. Had we had any prior notion of the levels of inconvenience we would subject their staff to, we would of course have saved them the bother and stayed away. We set the front of house staff the clearly baffling challenge of explaining how their TV radio system worked, but it seems this is in fact a job only their maintenance team are trained to deal with. A request for a tea tray was dealt with as effectively as a poke in the eye and when we foolishly set the concierge a second brainteaser (for a dinner recommendation) the best we could hope for was the pub on the corner nearest the hotel (is this really the best dining experience Kensington has to offer?)Luckily, we were really only using the Bentley as a place to lay our heads on a brief night away so their shortcomings never spoiled our time in London. In fact, their spectacular inability to master the most basic of service concepts became comical and eventually added to the experience! Would I stay there again? Not a chance!	
