Nov 3 2009 	Only saving grace is the Location	Very little positive things to say about this hotel except for the location.Staff very rude, rooms very shabby, carpets very dirty.	
Jul 17 2009 	Not that bad	We where supposed to stay at a B&amp;B next door, but because of some plumbing problems there we were sent to the Kingsway, and we did not have to pay any extra. The room we got was OK, the bed not too bad, carpet ugly but clean, toilet paper horrible, bathroom clean but worn down and ugly. Soft towels, and REAL PRESSURE in the shower! No water saving stuff here, I loved it! You could really hose yourself off here, not just get wet and scrub yourself. It's the best hotel shower ever. I see there is a lot of bad reviews of this hotel, but we did not hate it, it was just what we wanted, a place to sleep, relax, watch some TV and read, in between our shopping sprees and tourist stuff. The breakfast was... I'm no fan of English breakfasts, but it was food, and it did not taste foul. In the reception there was some clueless people, but we had no use for them, just getting in and out. Leaving the key card every time we left the hotel was a bit tiresome, but it was not too bad. Free high speed internet is also a big plus for us. The location was great, close to Paddington Station, lots of restaurants that we visited, some shopping and the train to Heathrow. We will stay in the same area when/if we go back to London. Perhaps not this hotel, but if the price is right; why not. It suited us.	
Jul 10 2009 	basic but fine	We arrived a bit early than the check in time which was 1pm (or so we were told), however when we got there they told us it was 2pm. Annoying, but we didn't mind that much. There was a computer in the hotel we could use in the mean time, and I asked could I use it and the receptionist just nodded, and she mumbled a 'yes' very rudely.We got to our room finally and it was basic, but very clean and comfortable. The only set back was that we had booked a triple room however there was a double bed instead. Yet in no time, we got an extra bed set up in the room which was fine. The breakfast was average (you get what you pay for). The only thing wrong with it was that the room was small, and you had to wait a while to get a table.The location is perfect. You couldn't ask for a handier location. It's a 3 minute walk to Paddington Station and you can get any tube to basically anywhere in London from there, so so handy. The area is very plush and nice too. Also there's a few bars and pubs around the corner, not to mention burger king, mcds, kfc etc and restaurants. The only problem we had with our stay was that after our first night, the manager asked us to find somewhere else to stay that night as he had overbooked the hotel. We were a bit taken aback, as we'd booked the room for 2 nights. Nonetheless we attempted to get another room in the area, however there was no rooms available. So we just explained we couldn't get a room and the manager was fine about it. That was the only small thing wrong with our stay.If your looking for somewhere cheap and comfortable, but basic this is the right stay.	
May 6 2009 	Worst experience ever	Screwed up reservationsWe booked three double rooms, the hotel had only reserved one. There were no other hotels available so the hotel promised us three en suite rooms in the owner's house north of the centre. We ended up sharing bathrooms with several other guests whose reservations had also been screwed up. What is the sense of booking a hotel in the centre when you end up 20 driving minutes outside?Hotel experienceThe second night we stayed at the hotel in tiny rooms with in-room bathrooms like in an airplane. Some staff was friendly but the managers were either incompetent or just money hungry. If you still decide to give that hotel a chance, make sure to confirm your rooms just before your trip and request for a room above ground level.	
Jun 26 2008	full of trouble	This hotel is the worst service that I have ever stayed with in my past experience.Before booking, I read some reviews on this hotel. One told me that rooms are so narrow and service is not fine but considering the price and location, they are barely accepted. So I did not expect so much.But they have fallen short of my moderate expectations.This time our group of 12 Japanese people booked 4 rooms(3 people a room) for 4 days.Bed type problem: requested 3 single beds a each room,but actually 1 single and 1 double. And no service staff to work for bed exchange at night. Two people of each room had to share a double bed , they are not couples, though. Tight shower valve: Some shower valves are too tight to be able to move by some women. They cannot bathe.Sudden room change without our previous consent:Returning hotel at night, All of our luggage were put outside the door on the passageway.A hotel's night worker just asked us to change the room, because our room had been already occupied with another guests by hotel's arbitrary decision.This is not a normal business. Even though this hotel is the 2nd. or 3rd.class, I can not allow this now.So I could not enter our booked room that night, I had to sleep without my pajamas which I left in the room.by	
Feb 29 2008	too bad	Thishotel is too bad smely and dirty.People not helpfull and never stay in a family room !!I never have so small room with my wife and 2 kids.I never go to that hotel!!!	
Feb 10 2008	Grubby 	My partner booked this hotel aftering seeing it online, and calling up the owner. It was my birthday so we wanted a nice weekend away in London, something basic, not too far away from the main attractions and not too expensive. The hotel we booked was called the Admiral Hotel. It says on the website that you have to check in at the Kingsway Park hotel, which was situted a few steps away. This was fine. The Admiral looked nice on the website pictures, showing a nice modern bar, and clean rooms. It was this hotel we had booked! Once into the Kingsway Park hotel, we where then told thats where we would be staying. It seems that's where everyone stays! It appeared the nice clean Admiral Hotel was not having guests! This was indeed empty! We checked in early, and where told where our rooms where. As other reviews say, the stairs where very steep and there was no lift or warning which didnt help someone in my party that had a knee complaint, but i havent let that interfere with the review, as i could of enquired upon booking. My room had a terrible smell as soon as i walked in. I wasnt expecting anything less though, as the hotel upon entry was tired, shabby, had a smell to it, and had dirty woodwork and walls, and frayed carpets. The divan bed was 2 singles together, with a badly stained base. The lamps had stained and burnt lampshades. The furniture was dated and didnt fit in the room. There was no fancy chairs and furniture like the i've just seen on the Kingsway Park Hotel website! We kepting hurting ourselves when walking around the crammed room on the furniture. The portable tv did work, but the picture wasnt quite viewable, i felt like i had double vision after looking at it. The main critisim is aimed at the toilet which was a portocabin shower and loo in one type of thing, which was placed in the room, but then was incorporated into the paintwork. It smelt, had mould on the shower, and when sitting on the loo, your foot was in the shower area, which was very small. The bottom of the door was also covered in rust. I did not use the shower at all, as it was very off putting. My partner did, and he was fine with it. The other room we booked, for other parties, was very similar but they had a bath, and a more normal bathroom, which had a terrible smell of damp in it. I didnt sleep well during my two night stay. The bedding was a sheet, and then an extremely 'itchy' blanket, with a floral throw over the top. This was covered in stains. Me and my partner had one small pillow each, there was no other bedding to use. Breakfast was included in the price described as a 'full english' we went down for breakfast which was served in small room crammed with tables in the basement. Two ladies, whom we saw cleaning rooms served breakfast. The option was cereal, toast and the cooked breakfast was a boiled slice of bacon, egg (scrambled,fried or boiled) plum tomato and a sausage. I did not recieve what i ordered for breakfast on both mornings, and didnt rectify it as the person serving breakfast could not fully understand my english. Our bed was made while we where out, and there where towels left in the room. The manager/owner was around for most of the time, and there seemed to be approx 6-7 other guest there, excluding my party. There was no problem returning. The front door was unlocked and there was a gentleman on the desk. The latest we returned was around 11pm. The area of this hotel sussex gardens, has a whole host of hotels similar to this one. They all had vacancies in there window, but did look a lot cleaner and friendlier. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. It did us for the weekend, because we had no choice once we got there. Location was great for us, lots of restuarants, and paddington station near by, but for the price, which can seem cheap, im sure there are others for the same price in better condition. In my opinion, it wasnt clean, wasnt comfortable, the food wasnt good, so it was a huge let down for me. Luckily the great company i had, and London being so fantastic didnt make my weekend a complete let down. I have written this review within 7 hours of returning as i would hate anyone to have a weekend ruined, and this hotel would do that! Don't be fooled thinking they put you up in the Admiral hotel, when infact your staying at the Kingsway Park. The website for the Kingsway Park Hotel says it has recently been refurbished! Id of hated to of seen what it was like before! Both the Kingsway Park and The Admiral Hotel have individual websites, the pictures on both are extremely different to what you get, so there not worth looking at!	
Nov 22 2007 	Bit run down but not that bad	Stayed here for a few nights a couple of years ago. Rooms were small and one we had booked had a built in bathroom - kind of reminded me of a bathroom you'd find in a campervan. Breakfast was good. Great Location - walking distance to many attractions. Was happy with our stay but weren't expecting too much.	
Nov 3 2007 	Disorganised 	After booking 3 months in advance, we asked to leave our luggage with the hotel until the evening. On return, we were led away from the hotel to another hotel, that did not offer the same standard of accomodation. When trying to seek resolution of this with the staff, we were fobbed off with &quot;the manager is not available&quot;. I would not book or prepay at this hotel.	
Aug 29 2007	Good area bad hotel	I booked this Hotel for a group of 8. None of us liked it! The location is very good, but the hotel is not. Some had to stay in a room downstairs, next to the kitchen and breakfast room. They had a very narrow and dark room and were waken up in the mornings by everyone who passed there to have breakfast. The rooms were very narrow in general and had a moldy smell. We could only sleep with the windows open! Breakfast is served by to women. They are grumpy when you come around half an hour before the end of breakfast time. They even threw us out of the breakfast room one day. They seemed to be bothered just by anyones presence. I wonder why they don't choose another job, if they don't like this one! The narrow and dirty bathrooms (more a plastic cabine than a bath room) with moldy shower courtains have already been mentioned!	
Jul 1 2007 	Avoid at all costs!	We booked a night at this hotel for a birthday weekend in London, and checked the booking the night before we left. Despite this, when we arrived they had no spare rooms. The receptionist tried to pretend that we had been transferred to another hotel down the street - he even claimed that &quot;it's the same hotel&quot;, though it blatantly wasn't. But this hotel had no record of any booking. The receptionist ended up going door-to-door down the street, and tried to get us to accept a room in a bed-and-breakfast place of a much lower standard than the one we had booked. We refused, and had to return home rather than staying in London for the weekend. If a hotel can't even honour its bookings, it doesn't deserve any customers. Don't take the risk!	
Jun 10 2007 	Small Rooms Plain Breakfast but good location and kept clean	Stayed here in May for 10 days. Chose it because it was close to Paddington Station (2 min walk) which I used frequently for sight-seeing around London.Yes- Rooms are small. I had an ensuite double bed (basement level) , but it's still small. There is however a little table to put your stuff/laptop/write letters on (Plus a small wall mounted TV)The ensuite is a small porta-plastic kit type, simply installed in the room. It is really tiny, but I wanted an ensuite instead of shared showers, so again, it did the job, and was kept clean.The room was kept clean - very clean - Fresh towels daily, and sheets changed, so although very small, it was comfortable, and the room never felt grotty.Breakfast was, ummm, &quot;average&quot;. It served it's purpose in filling you up for the morning, but being mass produced by only 1 or 2 people, it's more in line with what you'd cook for yourself at home if you were in a hurry. The food standard is not fantastic, but it fills you up.. After day 5, it got a bit blah for me to stomach, so I'd eat out at places around the corner (which you can find for a good price... just look for specials)Staff are helpful, and I had no problems. Stairs were painful, but really only for getting your suitcase up and down.. Apart from that I didn't mind - Walked all over London so an extra set of steps made no difference. If you have bone/hip/joint problems you might think twice.Location is great - Close to Paddongton Tube, 2 mins walk (which has the Heathrow Express Link) and there's a whole bunch of places to eat at within 1 minutes walk. Plus some shops 5-10 minutes walk up the road and around the corner for groceries.Wireless Internet was available, thought from the basement room, my laptop needed to be right near the window to get reception. Central heating worked ok, and you could control it, and also open the windows for fresh air (Well at least in my room on the basement you could)In summary - It served its purpose in that it was close to Paddington Station, and handy as food was close by, and grocery shops were around the corner. The staff were friendly and answered any inquiries.It is small, but I was by myself so it didn't bother me - If you're sharing, you might get in the way of each other a fair bit. Ensuite is tiny, so dont expect to spread out all your toiletries !I can't really think of anything I &quot;hated&quot;. I slightly bigger room would have been nicer - But looks like all the hotels on the block would be similar. Talking of which, the street has MANY (many!) hotels along it, so if it's the location that's attracting you, review these hotels, on the same side of the road as the Kingsway: Europa House, Adare, Balmoral House, Alexandra Hotel, Columbus, Admiral (Admiral seems to be the sister hotel) Across the road from the Kingsway you have: Springfield Hotel, Days Hotel, Royal Cambridge, Picton House, Olympic Hotel,PS - Try contacting the hotel directly via email, you might find you get a better rate if dealing direct, and paying cash.kingswaypark-hotel.com I would stay there again if travelling alone and wanting Paddington as a base. For a couple, I'd ask for a bigger room. But it was clean, safe, and I had all my camera gear and laptop stuff, and never had any problems with anything going &quot;missing&quot;. My goal was to visit London and sightsee, and I found the Hotel, while on the small side, suited this.	
Apr 24 2007 	Hated it. Breakfast reminded me of Fawlty Towers	While we understood it had recently being refurbished .... our room had been painted yes, but the furniture could have done with some updating. While sitting on one of the beds (camp bed style) it collapsed underneath, because they had not fixed the stand on one side properly and had it facing the wrong direction. Luckily enough we discovered the problem before someone was sleeping in it!!When we went to see if there was ice in the fridge, we were greeted by an ice-cube tray with black spots/mould.While waiting in the &quot;set-up&quot; breakfast room and wondering why there was no-one to serve us, one of the other guests made enquiries. We were told that breakfast was being served in another hotel close by. We went there to be met by a girl who was taking orders, clearing + setting tables, serving food and doing the washing up. Not the girls fault that the management expected her to be taking care of 20+ guests alone. While we were there, a second person came to assist.We had to ask for our table to be cleaned after the previous occupants, because the girl was just setting it up again. People were buttering their toast with spoons because of lack of cutlery. My sister would not trust the meat ..... because she did not have enough faith in their hygiene throughout the establishment. The kids asked for sausages for breakfast instead of a full English and got two sausages each, served on a saucer. When we asked for ketchup, we were told that they did not have any and looked at me strangely as if I had asked for something way out ...... after all the English have ketchup with chips, etc.	
Apr 14 2007 	Great area not so great hotel	It was our first trip to London and we booked this hotel through AAA. As we arrived we went into the lobby that was full of cigarette smoke. Our room (1 queen bed and 2 twin beds) was actually in the hotel 2 doors down (The Admiral) and was in the basement next to a kitchen. The room was so small that the 3 beds took up the entire room. We had nowhere to put our luggage! They promised us a larger room in the morning. The next day, they said they didn't have any larger rooms, but they did give us an additional single room down the hall for free! It was the size of a closet and the bathroom was the size of a phone booth, but our 20 yr old daughter was thrilled. The bathroom in our room was updated and very clean. Never enough toilet paper or towels and the pillows were 2 very thin ones inside a pillowcase. Our non-smoking room also smelled like smoke. Thank goodness I brought Febreeze. The breakfast was good and made to order. As our room was in the basement and a bar/restaurant above us (not carpeted), we were awoken 2 or 3 times during our stay by the noise of people walking around. One time was at 3 am. We reported it and the people were quickly asked to leave the bar. Our telephone never worked our entire stay. The internet access did not work in either of our rooms. My kids used the lobby. The staff was helpful though, but the accomodations were not what I expected from a AAA approved hotel. The location however could not be better. 2 short blocks to Paddington station which is a major tube stop and train station. There was even shopping there and 2 grocery stores. Lots of pubs and reasonably priced restaurants in the area.	
Mar 5 2007	Lots of Stairs	We booked the hotel through one of the many on line booking agencies. When we checked in we were shown to another building next door but one. Our rooms happened to beon the top floor (4th Floor). There was no lift &amp; the stairs were very narrow &amp; steep in places making it very difficult for unfit people or people with difficulty climbing stairs. It was also difficult carrying luggage. The rooms were clean with a double &amp; a twin bed - rooms 15 &amp; 16. Although the gap between the bed &amp; the wall nearest the window was raher cramped. The bathroom was also rather cramped &amp; the shower was a bit feeble but at least it did work. The loo was OK if you could fit your knees under the basin.One of the rooms had a nice gesture being supplied a couple of Ferot Rochet chocalates but this did not apply to both rooms.Went to use the kettle the first morning but it did not work. I reported it to the reception &amp; they promised to replace. We subsequently tried swapping the kettles between rooms &amp; found it was not the kettle but the base unit it sits on. Also reported this to the reception. Arrived back late the next night after seeing a show but the kettle was just the same. Next morning our friends brought us a kettle full of hot water so that we could have a drink. We then found that the cleaner only left one bath &amp; one hand towel so one of us had to dry ourselves on the hand towel. Just one guess who took priority. Reported Kettle problem again &amp; also towel issue. They promised to resolve &amp; told me to call reception if any problems. There was &amp; I did. The reception brought up a kettle &amp; some towels fairly quickly. But the kettle still did not work. After a bit of fiddling we managed to find that if you wiggled the kettle &amp; put some pressure at a certain point &amp; kept it there it was possible to make the kettle work. Not ideal but at least we could have a drink in the morning. Our friends did not have this problem. Guess who had to hold the kettle until it boiled?. We had a bit of a concern at the wiring underneath the kettle which consisted of a couple of multi plug adaptors pushed together to cope with the number of plugs although this was not the cause of the problems with the kettle. I even tried swapping the fuses in desperation. These were not the problem. It was definately the base unit. It was difficult removing or returning the kettle to its place anyway due to the close proximity of the hairdryer.The breakfast was not too bad considering the prices for London. It consisted of Orange juice, tea or coffee, Toast &amp; jam, Muesli and/or cornflakes plus a cooked breakfast of egg, sausage, bacon, tomato &amp; beans.The location was pretty good, just a short walk to Paddington Underground. we bought a daily travel card which gave us unlimited travel on the tube or buses for the day which was excellent.Despite the problems we would probably go back as it was so convenient &amp; it was a reasonable base at a reasonable price. I would make sure I took my own kettle though.	
Feb 10 2005	Not as good as you would think	Having just recently stayed at the hotel, we were very disappointed with our choice. The hotel has not been recently renovated as stated, if it has it certainly was not in the room we stayed in.   We had booked a double room, when we arrived at reception and given a room key, when we went into the room we found two single beds and someone else’s belongings in the room.  We were then given another room - in the attic (there is no lift at the Kingsway and I am pregnant !) the room had the smallest bathroom I have seen, the shower had a hole in the head and therefore most of the water went on the carpet, the dressing table was falling to pieces and I was very lucky to escape with a bruise to the eye when the hinge on the wardrobe broke.  The bed was very hard and the pillows - well we put the towels under them to make them comfy!  Breakfast was a lot to be desired, with toast being the safest bet.  The hotel was however very clean and our room smelt fresh, it was very easy to find from the tube and ideally situated, we were just grateful we were in London and therefore only used the hotel to shower and sleep 	
Apr 19 2004	overpriced run-down place	This hotel in no way resembled what is advertised on websites. It doesn't appear to have been renovated within the last 30 years.When we walked in we were almost choked by the thick smoke in the lobby 'room'. When I asked about a non smoking room, the man behind the counter laughed and said &quot;its up to you whether the room is non smoking or not&quot;.The &quot;mattress&quot; was a hard box spring that had already sprung. There were big stains, peeling wall paint. Little heat. We almost froze the first night. No hot water the next morning... etc.The hotel must be family run because there were always random men sitting about in the lobby and they all appeared to be related. My sister found them 'creepy' sometimes because they would always stare at us (females) when we came in or went out. One of the men winked at my sister. That's not the kind of attention we want from hotel staff or random and everpresent family/friends of hotel staff.This placed is extremely overpriced and run-down. We paid an extra $20 or so a night under the impression that we would get a slightly better hotel. That was not the case and we feel doubly ripped off. With the horrible exchange rate, basically $175/night for a dumpy room. We will not be staying there again! Avoid!Paddington area seemed a bit rougher than I remember from a trip a couple of years back. Hostile homeless men and regular crazies on the street sometimes. Stay in Westminster or Belgravia. There is nothing to see or do in Paddington area.	
Dec 21 2003	Good location Good breakfast !	Nice little hotel, located near Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Pubs nearby. Clean rooms, quiet place to stay. (Although last renovation did not happen in the younger past.) Room rates include full english breakfast - the right thing to start a busy day in London.	
Jul 23 2009 	Es una lotería la habitación que te toca		
Feb 8 2009 	peor imposible		
Feb 2 2009 	Horrible es poco.		
Jul 26 2007 	Entsetzlich!		
May 14 2007 	Evitate questo albergo		
May 13 2007 	è disgustoso e indecente per dei viaggiatori seri		
