	The Worst Hotel I've ever had the misfortune of staying in....Avoid at all cost!!	The Hotel was absolutely appalling the worst I’ve ever had the misfortune of staying in. The staff were the epitome of cretinus incompetents. In short this place is best avoided at all cost!Stinking, Damp, Cold Poky Room, Hideously bad Staff attitude &amp; Service. Staff were at best bungling, ineffectual, and hopelessly inept. Didn’t like: TV channel selection - 1 channel was available with 'snow'. Breakfast was an absolute farce, worse than kindergarten level service, food dried up (what there was of it) Staff announced &quot;we don't have any orange juice left&quot; Staff didn't seem to care about anything what so ever customers were viewed as irritants not paying guests. In order to find a teaspoon my partner ventured into the kitchen to find it's a total filthy health hazard worthy of notification to Environmental Health. Double booking is also common place here, staff do not call back or read e-mails. 40 Minutes to book in whilst observing arrogant receptionist struggle to handle numerous guest complaints in front of us. The receptionist never even acknowledged my presence.Didn't like lack of toiletries in the bathroom, or the absence of bathrobe or slippers, didn't like the drafty doors and windows, poor noisy heating or anything about the supposedly &quot;superior plus&quot; room. I'd rather have stayed in a 50 Pounds a night B&amp;B	
	Do not stay here - appalling service	Booked a room here for myself as whilst on business in London. It was booked via lastminute.com (Top Secret Hotels) and when I found the hotel details out was pleased as it looked to be a 4 star small boutique hotel as described. It wasn't cheap - £150, so I really hoped that I'd get somewhere of fairly good quality. I did have a scan of the reviews, now wish I'd taken them more seriously, lesson learned!Well, when I got to the Tophams Hotel I was told by the member of staff on reception that I was actually staying at another part of the hotel - The Harcourt, which was around 4 doors down the road. The main reception of the Tophams looked really nice, decorated in a boutique style with a nice fire roaring away and so I hoped that the Harcourt was equally as nice.....Well, the Harcourt is basically just a few rooms (no reception/contact point). The porter walked me down there, not even speaking to me (chattering away on his mobile). Walked into this 'hotel' where there was another man (presumably a member of staff but not dressed in any uniform) who walked me into my room. Have to say as a single female traveler I didn't feel very safe being alone in this situation. Actually slept with the chair wedged behind the door (silly I know but wanted to feel safe).Fortunately, was meeting some family for dinner so didn't need to spend any longer in the room that evening.The room itself had only been loosely cleaned. Randomly in the wardrobe was a plastic pot of microwavable rice pudding (presumably left by another guest). Used tissues under the bed and the shower had lots of black mildew/mold in it. Would not describe as 4 star!However, the next morning was when my problems really started. Was woken at 7.15am by the fire alarm going off in the Harcourt, so stuck my coat and boots on and grabbed my bags (which were packed) and made my way to the reception at Tophams. On the way a fellow resident said that there was water coming through his ceiling from the sprinkler system.The guy on reception firstly wasn't even aware the alarm was going off (slightly worrying - would have thought it would be linked to their reception?). So myself and another person had to explain what was happening to him. No apologise, no instructions about what we should do.For around 5 minutes, we received no communication - the guy just flapped around on the phone, went down to check the Harcourt and came back saying there wasn't a fire but they didn't know how to turn the alarm off. Again, no instructions about what we were to do. Very frustrating - as lots of people having breakfst in the Tophams and I was just standing there in my pjs!At this point, I simply needed to have a shower and leave the hotel to go to a meeting, so I asked a waitress who was walking past (as the guy on reception was proving completely incompetent) if there was a room in this part of the hotel I could use. Eventually got taken to a single room (why didn't they give me this the night before), which had a separate shared bathroom. I then had to wait for her to bring me up a room key and then to cut a long story short, when I tried to use the bathroom the door jammed so I had to go all the way back to reception.Again no instructions about what to do, the guy on reception was just tapping away on the phone/computer and ignoring me. So just took the decision to go back to my orginal room, had a five minute shower and the hell out of the wretched place. Alarm was still going off but people were in their rooms.Awful incompetent service.I will definitely not be staying at this hotel again. I'd rather pay £70 less and stay at a Premier Inn.	
Nov 25 2009 	We Don't Care That You Have a Reservation	I can't begin to explain how poorly Topham's handled our reservation with their hotel. Without going into great detail, we booked a king size room and received no room. Instead they sent us to a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, which did not expect our arrival, where we were put in a single room, that smelled horrific, did not have a functioning air conditioner, and was extremely loud. Not only were we defrauded by Topham's, it has taken weeks to try to get a refund. Their manager, Ali, will avoid all calls to request a refund even though, according to Trip Advisor reviews, it looks as though this practice of overbooking and lack of customer service is pervasive. Do not book at this hotel. It is unlikely that you will actually get a room.	
Nov 25 2009 	Best hotel in Victoria	I was very surprised to read some of the negative comments of previous reviewers as I really had a great stay; obviously I was lucky.I stayed here for one night on business and apart from a fairly inefficient reception (all staff appeared to be quite new to the hotel) and having to ask three times for a bar of soap, I couldn't fault it. I was given my room at 12.30, quite rare as hotels usually make you wait until 2pm or later; it was beautifully clean, and I would say recently decorated, with all mod cons apart from the soap. The bed was fantastically comfortable and I enjoyed my stay. I will certainly be back if the rates are right as this must be my sixth hotel in Victoria and it was definitely the best.	
Nov 9 2009 	Gorgeous boutique hotel! Absolutely stunning!	I was staying in this hotel with my partner, checked out only today and on train on my way home thought I would leave a feedback about the hotel and was very surprised to see all these comments. We stayed at the hotel for four days and never noticed anything wrong there. To start with the location is perfect: so close to Victoria station, very easy to get to any point in London as there is a tube, rail and so many buses departing from the station, and the hotel just two minutes walk from there. Staff was very helpful and competent, during four days of our stay we had quiete a few questions as we do not know London that good, and they knew the answer for every our question! The breakfast served at the hotel was really lovely: buffet style, including traditional English breakfast, very good selection of breakfast stuff, hot and cold, we really enjoyed it! The rooms are well equiped, we had everything we needed: comfortable bed, digital TV, bath and shower, safe, free internet... We really enjoyed our stay in the hotel! Next time we will be travelling to London in December and definitely we will stay in Tophams as the value for money does worrth its quality, service and location!	
Nov 6 2009 	Bot-hams more like	As a weekly visitor to London I've stayed in a great many hotels. This one takes the prize for the biggest variance between description and reality. My first lovely &quot;re furbished&quot; room was in fact on the basement of an annexed hotel with no windows and the bed had not been made-up. The second attempt looked like a knocking shop with a dirty plastic cupboard for a &quot;bathroom&quot;. Number 3 was a single room with separate bathroom which the receptionist couldn't find. I got a better reception from the suit of armour in reception than any off the staff - the only good knight in the hotel? aha. Join the queue of complaining guests at reception	
Nov 6 2009 	Poor poorpoor!!!!	Terrible service, overbooked rooms, the twin room we'd booked was unavailable when we got there so had to share a double bed with my friend. Room was tiny and evidence of a leak from upstairs was obvious on ceiling and down one wall. Free drinks promised as part of theatre package did not appear, food was poor. Staff unhelpful and rude. One poor couple were sat in bar area (not open for drinks) after travelling overnight from Canada, told they had no record of the booking, even though the guy had his printed receipt. No refreshments offered and they were ignored the whole time we were sat with them. They looked exhausted. 1 tea bag between us and no biscuits!!!! The travelodge does better for a 1/4 of the price.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent location but rooms small and noisy	We were in the basement and the noise from the rooms above and the plumbing was enough to keep you awake, added to this they have a linen delivery at 5.30am every morning! The room was small but clean and adequate for a couple of days. I didn't consider it value for money and the noise alone means I wouldn't return.	
Nov 1 2009 	They didn't let us spend our first booked night..... Overbooking!!!!!!!	As you can read in our title we haved booked 2 nights in this hotel and when we arrived there at 10 pm they wanted to give us a inferior &quot;room&quot; with no bathroom ensuite, very small, dirty walls. Not the one we booked.After argue a lot they offer us to move to the knightsbridge green hotel of the same chain, worse hotel.The next day the give us a chance to come back to the topham's they give us a superior room and to be honest the room was beautiful and clean, new refurbished with style. But how it could finish it well, next morning moment before to leave the guest in the upper room was havind a shower and the water started to leak from the ceiling. I promise it was incledible!	
Oct 29 2009 	Don't stay here if it 's the last hotel on earth! They are running a scam!	I had booked this for an overnight stay incorporating taking in a West End show. We turned up at the very nice reception and were confronted by a receptionist who made it obvious it was a chore to check us in. After presenting the booking paperwork it became apparent that there was a problem and another guest came to our side. It transpires that she and her family were in the same boat and had been trying to get their room reservation accepted and had been there for four hours without success. When I challenged the receptionist she just walked off and only after some persuation admitted they did not have any rooms but would try and sort something out. I wanted to speak to the duty manager or general manager - they only work Monday to Friday between 9 and 5 ? - and they were the only two reception staff available to deal with these problems. Their efforts in looking for other rooms involved looking at one hotel at a time on the internet which on a Saturday night was wholly unacceptable and it was obvious they were considerably out of their depth. We were left to find alternative accommodation with no help at all from the staff on duty. My hotel booking agency were phoned by me, told about the problems and called the hotel. They called me back to say they were horrified by the attitude of the staff and the problem and would highlight this to their own area manager! This speaks volumes! While this was happening other guests were arriving and finding the same problem. The lack of understanding and urgency was shocking. If this was the last hotel on earth I would rather sleep under the stars.	
Oct 28 2009 	Wouldn't rush back.	We stayed here as it was convenient for Wicked. The room was in the basement and adequate for a one night stay but we wouldn't rush to return. If this was the upgraded room that I had booked and paid for then I'd hate to stay in a standard room. Compared to hotels in the same price range this lacked the service levels and general standards expected. Didn't bother eating in the hotel as we felt as though we were a nuisance to the staff. No one gave us any information about the restaurant although there was an a-board in the street outside and there were lots of good restaurants around for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A most unwelcoming place.	
Oct 26 2009 	The worst Hotel in London !! and its not safe!!	I tried the hotel out even though there was mixed reviews on this site. I dont usually leave any feedback but please be warned this hotel is in contravine of fire regulationas and health and safety regulations.Ther receptionist was fairly friendly on check in and my room wasnt ready. When she came back to me I was told that I was in there sister Hotel down the road. When I got there I had been put in the basement room with no windows and no ventilation at all. I awoke in the morning to a smell of sewer!! When I complained the receptionist didnt seem bothered at all and said that she couldnt give a discount as the manager needs to authorise . And if she did she would have to pay out of her own pocket. The hotel was not representative of what I paid for. For £140.00 I could have stayed in a premiere travel inn and enjoyed it more. Fire doors were propped open and there was no legal sinage in the roooms in case of fire. For your own safety please dont stay there.....	
Oct 18 2009 	Don't go there !!!	The only good point about this hotel is its location, in central london, near Victoria station.The rooms are so small you cannot even lay your suitcase somewhere, some of them are in the basement, the mattress of the bed seems to be 10 years old, the carpet on the ground so dirty and the window in our room couldn't be closed. The ventilation in the room is so noisy that it's better not to use it. The hotel has absolutely no charm, and the style and the furniture are so cheap. The worst though is its value for money. I cannot understand how such a hotel can have a 4 star rating, it's maximum a 3 star in reality. It feels like a big rip-off (we paid 150 £ a night !).	
Oct 4 2009 	FANTASTIC hotel -- nothing to complain about!!	I booked this hotel back in July, before the negative reviews came pouring in on this site. After reading them, I was a bit nervous about my reservation, but having prepaid, I decided to give it a go before staying elsewhere. I travel a lot for work and have high standards.I am NO idea how any of these negative reviews could possibly be founded -- the hotel is in a fabulous location, the design is very contemporary, the beds are comfortable, and everything was spotless. Above and beyond this, I found the staff to be very helpful.I booked a double room and arrived thirty minutes before check-in time began at 12 noon. I was kindly asked to wait in the bar for a few minutes until the room was ready, so I sat in the adorable bar and waited for maybe ten minutes. The receptionist came to get me when the room was ready, and I headed to my room on the first floor. I was a bit apprehensive that my room was directly next to the lift/elevator -- I usually ask to stay as far away from those as possible -- but I didn't hear a single thing during my entire stay. It was perfect! The design was flawless, I had enough space, the linens were lovely, the bathroom was big enough -- even the room service was good.The look is quite on par with the Firmdale hotels, but the bathrooms are a bit smaller and the bath products are Neutrogena opposed to Molton Brown. That being said, who cares? I can go buy something at Molton Brown -- I'd rather save $100+ a night!I stayed at the Sloan Square back in March and it was FILTHY (see my review) -- the Tophams was infinitely better and cheaper, too!! I	
Sep 30 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever been to even Holiday Inn is better!!!!	We stayed at the tophams hotel back in August and it was awful I would definatly recommend to never go there, we encountered many problems, firstly our booking wasn't even registered, then we were sent to our room of which was not what we had booked it was a much cheaper room, when we informed them they told us that the room we had booked was not ready therefore we would have to wait for it to be cleaned and we wanted to get ready and go off out into London which we could not do! Then when we got our room, the air conditioning didn't work, neither did the television, on a good point the room was nicely decorated and clean, but definatly not worth the money, we also were not informed that we had to pay for breakfast (which is so overpriced for what you get) which was then charged to our card without notifing us after weeks of complaining and not hearing a thing I finally got a response to be told that we would be refunded for our breakfast, but they just seemed to make up excuses for the other problems we incurred, the service is absolutly shocking and we have been treated better in cheap hotels, crazy they can charge that much for a room in a hotel of that standard! Please please don't stay in this hotel!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Intentional overbooking? Don't let them do it to you!	there were 3 rooms booked for our party. Check in for two went ok. We told the reception and other staff that the people for the 3rd room would be late so hold the room. In the event when they did turn up the room had gone. This was happening to a stream of people throughout the early evening. The customers were all being redirected to a sister hotel. We had booked the hotel because of an early start and its proximity to Victoria station. We got the distinct impression that the overbooking was intentional and a method of filling the sister hotel. If so it is downright dishonest. Don't let them do it to you.	
Sep 25 2009 	This hotel is running a con	I have never written an internet review before, putting any disappointments down to experience. However, our experience at Tophams has left me so incensed that I am determined to let others know. Our party was comprised of my parents, my brother and his girlfriend and my husband and I. We therefore had booked three rooms. My parents and my husband and I checked in without incident, although with all the problems listed already about surly and unhelpful reception staff with very little English. My brother was delayed and both I and my father informed reception that they would be checking in after dinner. We were assured this would be fine. Inevitably, on returning to the hotel after dinner to check in, my brother and his girlfriend were told that there was no room for them and that they would get another room at the sister hotel. We were leaving from Victoria station on a train at 7:30 the following morning so clearly this presented a problem. However, we were left with no choice and my brother and his girlfriend were the third party within the half hour of this conversation to be transported to the sister hotel. They were given a twin as opposed to a double room and the standard was considerably lower, not to mention the fact that the location was extremely inconvenient. Also transported to the other hotel was a young couple from Milan. The girl's parents had provided her with the trip as a present for having just completed her degree and they were in a foreign country at 11:30pm without the accomodation that they had every reason to expect. In the hotel reception desk is a drawer full of cash which they hand out to pay for the taxis to the other hotel. As I have said, there were three seperate parties who suffered this treatment between about 11:15pm and 11:45pm that evening, so let's face it, none of this was a simple error. The hotel is clearly over-booking in order to fill another, less popular and downmarket hotel. Both my parents and the unknown Italians had been attempting to treat their families to a weekend away and their distress and disappointment was complete. I am incensed that a hotel can be run in such a way and feel that even if you are prepared to run the risk of being moved that you should not book a room in an establishment that clearly has no interest in fulfilling its obligations and providing the accomodation promised. I'm not going to elaborate on the poor level of service as I don't feel this is even relevant in light of the deliberate misrepresentation and lies that are part of the business model of Tophams. Please don't stay here, it is an embarassment that a hotel run like this can remain operational in our country.	
Sep 25 2009 	Hotel from Hell!	After Driving in circles for an hour as the postcode was not showing anywhere near the hotel on the sat nav, we arrived at the hotel with no where to park, the websites states there is onsite parking so we pulled up out the front to ask the receptionist where to park, then to find out we didnt have a room they had over booked, getting caught up in sorting that out we were then issued with a parking ticket, as there was nowhere for us to park. The hotel was supplying a different hotel for us to stay in along with everybody else booked into the hotel that weekend, still having to pay the £200 a night but to stay in a hotel 2 miles down the road, we were booked in for a photoshoot and the studio was a 2 minute walk from the hotel we origionally booked, so staying in a hotel miles away from where we had to trapse our suitcases to was not the idea. we then insisted on speaking to the manager who was not willing to sort out the matter at all he shouted at his receptionist and hung up. he then rung back and spoke to us we explained that all we wanted to do was cancel the booking and have our money back, they were not willing to do this for us, we had the option to stay at the other hotel or go home, either way they were going to charge my card, they had all my details from my booking so as you would expect, i should have had a phone call that morning, there was no phone call so to turn up after driving 3 hours for them to tell us we didnt have a room to stay in and we were still being charged £200, and not to mention the way we were treated. this hotel is absolutley appaling and i would advise nobody to stay there, there are plenty of other hotels in the area that im sure are lovely.	
Sep 18 2009 	Apalling	This hotel is very nicely decorated but that is the only good thing to say about it. For an expensive hotel (which it is, even for central London), the service was absolutely appalling. There were lots of staff around, all young, nervous with limited english, unable to communicate clearly and deal efficiently with the guests. Getting served at reception, to check out for example, took ages. That guests need to pay in the morning should not come as a surprise or be cause for panic. As for breakfast! Terrible value for money, in terms of quality and choice - it was like the Little Chef. Again the service was unspeakably bad. In future, can the Immigration and Passport Service deny work permits to people who ignore customers and never smile?	
Sep 11 2009 	Never stay here again at All AVOID please	Arrived at 6pm and was impressed by initial look. Receptionist was helpfull to start off with. There is NO onsite parking as advertised but a 10 min walk to the car park. The receptionist kept saying she was late to go home and had finished her shift. They asked weather I would like to preauthorise my card or pay upfront ( i preauthorised) I was then sent to there sister hotel Harcourt down the road which I was assured was the same standard as the Tophams. The room was small with no windows or wardrobe and also no bedside tables. I awoke at 6am to the smell of sewerage and looked outside the back door and there was a rat !!!! There was so many differences it was not the same.I complained to the reception and said that I wanted to have a better room for my money (£135 pn ) Im not asking much. They moved me and the room was better. When I came to check out they had charged my card without me knowing and also charged me full price for the stay. When I challenged them they said I was lying about the preauthorisation so I spotted the receptionist that had checked me in and she agreed with meI was told that I had an appointment with the manager at 9am as I wanted to help the hotel and discuss this matter ( i was not out for a freebie). At 10am I saw the receptionist and she said he would be at the hotel in the afternoon but as a gesture they would knock £12 off the bill ( even though we had spent +£1200). This hotel is very poorly run and there is no leadership or customer relations when things go wrong .The receptionist was so rude and was not interested in my problems they never appologised once to me, I felt that they just wanted my money no matter what, she also mentioned that If she gave a discount then the manager would take it out of her wages.The hotel also breach's Fire regulations/Health and safety regulations/Food safety regulations/ Liquor licencing regulations. Please take my advice and book elsewhere.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel	This hotel is in a great location. The rooms are small but well appointed and comfortable. Only downside is the lift and hallways are really hot and the DVD didn't work. But other than that the location is fabulous and in a quieter area of London - oh and BTW Ian Fleming lives just down the road.	
Sep 8 2009 	Should be called Bottoms!	We picked the hotel based on reviews and location to Victoria Station as we would be getting an early flight from Gatwick after the 2nd night. Thought we'd get better service from a &quot;5 star&quot; hotel but in hindsight we wish we'd stayed at an airport hotel and got the express into town each day. On arrival our booking wasn't in the system which was annoying but eventually sorted. We had booked a King Bed room as my husband is v. tall but were given a small mews room in the basement. We were not moved the next day as promised. Bathroom was very stark and a weird layout, almost like a corridor. On the 1st evening we had to collect water ourselves from reception as the room service person had gone home, unacceptable for the price.On the 2nd day we came back to the room late at night and it stank of raw sewage. We complained and were told there were no spare rooms, we could not be moved and nothing could be done. We asked to speak to a manager but were told there was no duty manager and the only person we could speak to was the receptionist who offered us no solution other than to open the windows (which opened directly onto the street)!! As the hotel was not trying to relocate us or offer us any acceptable solution we decided to leave the hotel and go to an airport hotel as we had to get some sleep before an early flight.We told the receptionist we could not stay for the reasons above and that obviously we do not want to and should not have to pay for the 2nd night and would like to check out. After this, I overheard the receptionist telling the owner of the hotel about the problem and asking if she should move us to another room which had been allocated for another guest who would be arriving later and to whom they could give our stinking room. The owner initially said no then relented when it became clear we would not be satisfied by opening the windows. However, as I knew the other room had already been allocated for other guests who would be in the same position as us (their attitude to guest service was very clear from this!) and because of the way we had been dealt with up to that point, we decided not to stay.We told the owner that we were leaving to go to an airport hotel, he suggested websites to book the hotel through and offered to call us a taxi, seemed reasonable. However, after confirming our room at the airport hotel, on check out, Tophams still charged for both nights! We could not believe it, we told the receptionist that we should not pay for a room we could not stay in because it was not clean and we thought the owner accepted this as he was making suggestions about our new booking but when she told the owner he insisted we were charged for the 2nd night and he proceeded to shout at us, being extremely rude and aggressive and throwing wild accusations at us. At one point during his rant he even told us we could book our own taxi, rather childish and completely unprofessional! Again, in hindsight, we should have called the police but it was late and we were tired and had a plane to catch early in the morning.As regular guests at high end hotels, we have never been spoken to in such a disgusting manner nor treated so badly. We were so disgusted with our treatment that we left and got a taxi at midnight to the airport hotel where for half the price of Tophams we got much better service and a much better room. Tophams charged our credit card for the 2nd night anyway. Worst customer service we have ever encountered, only interested in the money in their pocket not the guest's experience or even their own reputation.	
Sep 6 2009 	Is it possible to find a good hotel in London?	If there is any reasonable priced hotel in London,with good location and good service at the same time,The Tophams Hotel Belgravia,is not the case!We choosed this Hotel,because of the location near Victoria Station( we arrived at Gatwick airport with direct train to Victoria) and because they have one family suite ( just one) suitable for me,my husband and our 14 years old son. We want to stay together in the same room,not in two rooms.At arrival the lady at the reception ask me to pay all the stay in advance,so I payed even before I have seen the room!We went to the room,which was in two levels,with a double bedroom on the first floor and one twin upstairs.The room was fine until we notice that was impossible to sleep there! They put the air conditioning general right on the bedside on the upper floor,so the noise was so loud and irritant that was impossible to sleep even one night,and we payed 3 in advance!I went to the reception and ask for anyone of the staff go to my room and hear the noise there.They went to the room and agree that the noise is too much to sleep there ,but the only solution that they can give me was one small double room plus a single one WITHOUT ENSUITE BATHROOM and not connected on the second floor.We had no choice,because we have already payed for the suite and it will be difficult to find another hotel at night!The service was bad in general.the housekeeper forgot to clean the single room ( I think they not use those room often),the carpets was dirty and the breakfast very bad indeed.Next time I stay anywhere else but nevar again in Tophams...what a shame because the location is really good!	
Sep 5 2009 	Avoid like the plague	I cant state how strongly I feel about this review. I have stayed in a fair few hotels in a fair few places. Highest on my list of desirables is service and honesty. Tophams failed miserably on both fronts. I will try to be brief with the litany of disasters that is Tophams. I booked a &quot;KIng Double&quot; over three months in advance of my stay. On arrival I was given a tiny room with a bed which was double if that. The lift is unpredictable, warmer than a sauna and beyond slow. I have stayed in a number of rooms in London and understand that they are small, so don't think I have the wrong perspective. This was tiny. More importantly, the bed was tiny. I went to reception to be ignored for a while before I managed to convey my concern about the &quot;KIng&quot; bed. I was told that this was the only room left in the hotel. I explained that I wasn't happy to pay for a King bed and get &quot;the only room left in the hotel&quot;. The manager was called and explained to me that the hotel didn't have any king size beds so I was getting what I had paid for. I explained the website differentiated between King and Double and thought it was pretty disingenious to charge for the difference. He said it was bad luck that I had booked through a third party website which was inaccurate in its room description! A quick look at their own website revealed they also advertised both King and Double rooms and charged accordingly. I suspect they had simply overbooked as described in previous reviews on this site. I requested an appropriate refund. I was grudgingly offered breakfast (which didn't account to the same cost) and refused. I asked for a bar tab to the equivalent which took 6 hours to confirm. And then was only offered for one night! I had to argue pretty hard to get it for all four nights of the stay. Upon ordering wine from the room service menu I was told they had run out of what I wanted to order. A substitute was offered and delivered to the room. i ordered a room service meal and decided on a beef burger as I figured they couldn't mess it up. I was told it would be complimentary as there had been so many problems with my room and bar order. Just as well, as the burger was red raw in the middle and inedible not to mention dangerous. I was so fed up I didn't even complain. To add insult to injury, I went out early the next morning as the rooms were being serviced. Across to corridor was a spacious room with....... a king size bed!The staff at reception were rude, incapable and inexperienced. No one seemed to be interested in solving any of my problems. The AC would not go below 19 degrees and London was over 30 degrees in July this year. The stay was unpleasant and stressful.To top it all off my credit card was illegally charged. Upon arrival the receptionist said she was pre-authorising my credit card. However, she actually deducted the cost of the first nights stay. I noticed this by chance looking at my credit card on line. Upon departure I was asked to then pay again for all of the four nights accommodation. I explained what had happened but was not believed. I refused to agree to the charges and only agreed to pay for the three nights I owed them. After I left the hotel they later ILLEGALLY charged another nights stay to my credit card. I sent them at least three emails to sort this out. None was replied to. Eventually I took it up with my credit card company who has recovered the money as it was so clearly fraudulent.Just in case you are not already convinced, another persons story as overheard in the lobby. A woman who had just arrived returned to reception to say she was very concerned. She had booked a single room and had been placed in a room in the basement. She said it smelled, was musty and had no light. The receptionist told her that the hotel was full and she had no alternative. She explained that the room was a double which she didn't book. She had booked a single which are higher up in the building. &quot;But madam&quot;, he replied, &quot;you have an upgrade. And anyway, the hotel is full&quot;...........It is two months since I stayed at Tophams. I have waited this long to write a review for a number of reasons. Obviously, I wanted to get my 184 pounds refunded. But also, I wanted to make sure I had cooled down and was being objective. I have cooled down, I am objective and I still really believe you should avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Aug 29 2009	Fabulous stylish/quirky hotel in great location	Tophams is a real find. I have never stayed in this area before and took a punt about the location and whether or not the hotel would actually look like the photos on it's website. On both counts I couldn't have been more pleased.I have experienced real hit and miss experiences with London hotels in the past, many of which definitely don't match up to their published photos, so I was delighted as soon as I walked in the door of Tophams. It has been renovated in a most stylish and artistic way using colours, fabrics and interesting photography that really work and give the place a very chic and quirky elegance. I think this hotel will appeal to those who are wanting to stay in a more contemporary and stylish environment. My room (208) was quiet and roomy with a great bathroom and even an alcove with writing desk and wifi connection, with mini bar, hair dryer and tucked away iron/ironing board as standard. It was beautifully decorated and the bed was so comfortable I almost asked them for the brand. Lovely linen and classy finishes really made it special.Downstairs there is a lovely restaurant and a stunning bar area that definitely has the wow factor.It's hard to believe that Ebury Street is so near to the main road at Victoria Station; such a quiet sanctuary surrounded by many cafes and restaurants, especially those in Elizabeth Street.And last but by no means least, the staff were friendly, professional and helpful. I would definitely stay at Tophams again. You would go a long way in London to enjoy such good quality accommodation in this price range; made even more affordable by booking ahead online.	
Aug 18 2009 	If it was all about looks...you don't get what you pay for	I booked this hotel as part of a suprise birthday treat for my partner. We were going to the Apollo to see Wicked and this hotel is in the perfect location for it, being a couple of minutes from Victoria station/Apollo theatre and on a lovely quiet street. When we arrived, we sat down at reception (which is just a desk in the middle of the hallway). One girl was busy chatting on the phone to whom I assume was a friend of hers, and another was standing around and didn't even manage a hello (apparently it was her first day). I had reserved a Deluxe King room for the occassion and had a sneaky suspicion things were not going to go as planned. I had even rung the hotel the night before to make sure everything was in order, to which I was told by the girl on the phone that she was &quot;suprised how cheaply I had got a King for, and that it was like I was staying a night for free&quot;. Disgraceful.We were unhelpfully and moodily checked into a pokey, although beautifully decorated double room, to which I went straight back downstairs to sort things out. I stood for about 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged I was there!! There were 4 staff at reception, and only one seemed capable of doing anything. The rest were a complete waste of time. Eventually when I did speak to someone I was asked to go back into the room we had been checked into and someone would call us with a solution. After another half an hour a girl came up to our room and told us that there had been problems with check in that day and no king rooms were available. She told me that they would give us complimentary buffet dinners that night to make up for it which I personally didn't think really cut it, and when I suggested something else, the reply was hesitant. Anyway, I ended up getting a warm bottle of white wine which wasn't even cold enough to drink by the time we were going out in the evening!Breakfast was held in a pretty conservatory-type room, but the tables were so close together that you felt rude having a conversation, and you physically had to move furniture to get through to the buffet!! We had finshed eating before anyone had even offered us coffee/tea and even then we had to ask for it. The continental option was pretty dire, with a bit of fruit and some plastic cheese, and the full english left me feeling hungry...To some up, if you are a couple looking for a double room, are only staying one night and planning to get breakfast elsewhere, this hotel is for you. If customer service is high on your list, and you are looking for something a little bit special...don't stay here.	
Aug 17 2009	Possibly one of the most beautiful hotels I've stayed in with THE MOST incompetant staff i've ever encountered	I booked a twin room and I arrived at the hotel to find that there were no twin rooms available.When I queried this, the staff looked blankly at me. They didn’t know what to do or how to deal with the problem and at first they made no attempts to problem solve.I suggested that they put a single bed into one of the available double rooms and after a period of searching we were told, that they had a base but no mattress!?!?! Which reminded me of the Waldorf salad scene in Fawlty Towers.I suggested they go to Argos and buy a bed. I said I would sleep on a fold up bed if necessary!!!The staff replied that they had no authority to make such a purchase. So when, I asked for a manager, I was told that the manager left and he was not replaced. There was no sign of anybody managing this hotel.It was at this point that the staff suggested transferring us to another hotel. The hotel in question was the Knightsbridge Green Hotel. Not knowing anything about this hotel, and not wanting to waste any more time, we accepted. We were carted off to the Knightsbridge Hotel as if we had an ugly case of Swine Flu!We arrived at the Knightsbridge Green Hotel to find that it was far inferior to the hotel I booked and paid for.The Knightsbridge Green Hotel had no dining room and it was expected that we eat our breakfast in our room on a low sized table. The décor of the room was shabby and the room smelt of smoke.Before leaving Tophams, I arranged to return to the hotel the following day for breakfast and to avail of a twin room. But, having already experienced the inefficiency and incompetence of the staff I was worried that it would be a wasted journey.Alas, it wasn’t. When we returned to the hotel in a taxi, at our own expense, we were allocated a room which wasn’t ready yet, so our bags were left in storage until we returned late on Saturday evening.Sunday morning saw more problems, when we had breakfast in the dinning room. There were, what I would consider, to be quite severe logistical issues with breakfast, with only one staff member and equipment which left the ‘hot’ buffet cold.The young girl working on her on own with very little English almost cried when I asked her 'could I order hot bacon and sauages...'Needless to say I felt bad for making such a heinous request!!! Not how you should be made feel staying in a hotel..	
Aug 4 2009 	Very nice except a lil pricey	The hotel is very chic and the room is very clean. Room decor is very nice and modern though the room itself is very small. However, the bathroom is big compare to other hotels in london and they even have shower and bath separately. The price is a little pricey if you are a budget traveller but it is worth it because the location is superb, very near to Victoria station yet not on the noisy road. The street is very nice and quiet. The ground floor opposite the reception, they even have a reading corner with some shelves of books and computer to use. However, I'm not sure they provide free internet access. If you plan to book this hotel, remember to spare a little time to really enjoy your room and the bath.	
Aug 4 2009 	pretty hotel...but careful what you get	This hotel is pretty and recently renewed. Breakfast is good and service is average. I would just warn you if you are travelling by yourself that the single rooms are tiny (not just small) and that if you are very unlucky (like my colleague) you will end up in a tiny bedroom with no en suite bathroom. I had booked a double but on arrival I was told that there were none left and asked to go to a single room in exchange for free breakfast. The room was pleasant and the single bed large enough but I could not have stayed there longer than the one night. The shower is so small that only women or rather small men can actually shower in it. In conclusion book if if you can get a good deal...or travel in twos!	
Jul 21 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed her for one night last weekend for a trip to London to see Wicked. Booked it through lastminute.com as a top secret hotel and got a great deal-half the advertised rate on the hotel's website. The location was perfect for us-literally two minutes to Victoria station, brilliant if you are flying into Gatwick, and only five minutes to the Apollo Victoria Theatre where Wicked is playing. The area is also quite upmarket, quiet and clean. We strolled up to Sloane Square and the Kings Road in about 10 mins or less on the Saturday and walked to Knghtsbridge on the Sunday in about 15 mins, all through lovely well kept streets and squares with parks and beautiful architecture. The hotel itself is small. We had booked a twin room and but were given a double, which was not ideal for us. When we asked to be moved to a twin we were told that there were none available and were given a complimentary bottle of wine to make up for it. As we were staying for only one night we did not mind too much, but it would have been a problem if we were staying longer. The room was on the fourth floor and was tiny, also very warm as air con did not seem to be working and would not go below 19c, but we just opened the windows. It was however cosy and comfortable and impeccably clean. Decor is also very nice, as it is through the whole hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and the use of the internet and printer in reception for free was handy for checking in on line, thus saving us time at the airport. Overall would recommend hotel if you can get a deal and are only staying a short time.	
Jul 18 2009 	Absolutely terrible.	I stayed at Tophams Hotel late last year, not long after it first opened. I was so looking forward to returning this year for the Wimbledon fortnight.Just walking through the front door my heart sank to see the beautiful designer decor that I loved last year has been obliterated by some cheap Persian rugs.The Reception staff while friendly, would obviously rather not be there, and I didn't recognise any staff at all from my previous stay (only 8 months previously), not a good sign.My room was small, but nice. However, the air-conditioning didn't work, the shower tray was dirty and my internet access was broken. The lift was also flakey to say the least.Later in the evening I was horrified to witness several people arriving later being transferred over to the 'sister hotel' (which is only 3*) and still having to pay the FULL RATE! Unbelievable. They seem to like over booking.Four star? Not likely.It's always a shame when a hotel you like changes hands and loses it's magic, but I guess that's life.So my tip is, it's probably fine to stay here if you arrive before they've filled all the rooms and you don't want air-con or the internet.Believe me, I am not a complainer, and will put up with most things, but this place is now awful.	
Jul 10 2009 	Casual Elegance in Belgravia	The Tophams Hotel on Ebury Street was a complete delight for the eight days of our stay in London. The decor is kitschy elegant, the atmosphere relaxed and subdued, and the rooms cozy and clean. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful around the clock, including servicing a snug, comfortable cocktail lounge at all hours. The Topsham offers a lovely breakfast, and the maid service was fastidious. The location is perfect in London's upscale Belgravia neighborhood, just two blocks walk from Victoria Station. Down the street is the Ebury Wine Bar, actually a lovely French restaurant with magnificent cuisine and a charming atmosphere. We also recommend the Belgravia Coffee Bar down the street for breakfast or lunch. The best pub in the neighborhood is the Plumber's Arms -- quiet and intimate, but at the same time a lot of fun, crammed with professional people of all ages. The owner of the Tophams Hotel, A.J. Farhani, is a gracious and welcoming host. Highly recommended!	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location and clean	Tophams is located in Belgravia, very close-easy walking distance - to the Victoria Station where you can access the buses, the underground, and trains. It was perfect for us since we flew into Gatwick and could get the Gatwick Express directly to Victoria. It is located on a quiet street and we were never disturbed at night. The double room was small but nicely decorated and clean with almost new fixtures and materials. If your AC doesn't come on, make sure you call the desk-they have to turn it on from their master system. We did not have breakfast there-it was too expensive, but there are many charming restaurants, cafes and pubs close by. Overall a very good experience and we would return.	
May 28 2009 	Recommended.	I stayed for two nights on business. I got a bit lost trying to find the hotel from Victoria Station - a map is a good idea for the first visit. On arrival I was greeted by name by the friendly receptionist. There was some confusion over my booking but it was quickly resolved. My room was small but nicely furnished and comfortable. The bathroom again is nicely equipped but as small as it could be and still have room for a bath, loo and basin!I tried to order room service but got no answer from the kitchen; when I rang reception they said the chef had called in sick. A shame as the menu looked nice. Typical London room service prices. Reception pointed me in the direction of a winebar that has a restaurant section, or I could have eaten in an Italian restaurant across the street.I had wireless internet access though it seemed a bit tempermental. There was also wired internet at the desk but this didn't work at all.TV channels were limited but you could borrow a selection of DVDs from reception.There was a small bar on the ground floor, but I never saw it manned or any customers in it.Overall a good stay - very convenient for Victoria. I would happily stay there again.	
May 25 2009 	Gorgoeous Boutique Hotel perfect location for Victoria Theatre	This place was just a gorgeous little town house. We didn't eat here, had breakfast at anearby cafe and ate out in the evening, but we stayed for a night while going to see Wicked. The hotel was so close to the hotel, the train station and the coach station, and was really unique in a city full of big samey hotels.The room was beautiful, stylish and romantic and perfect for our trip.	
May 21 2009 	Great location excellent quality and a safe bet!	I picked the Tophams after a good bit of research. I feel the Tophams has gotten quite a lower ranking than it deserves due to some reviews that I believe unfairly excoriated the hotel for some (IMHO) pretty minor things. The hotel couldn't be better located; it's a three-minute walk to Victoria station and the hotel is located along a very safe, clean, quiet street. Yes, the rooms are small but for a 19th century building there's only so much you can do...it was just small enough to be &quot;cozy&quot; but not small enough to be a hassle. Book the hotel with confidence--if you don't expect every hotel to be the Mandarin Oriental but like high-quality rooms with good fixtures at a good price, this hotel won't disappoint you! And the location is unbeatable!	
May 2 2009 	Horrendous service - lost laundry Internet down	I stayed for 4 nights in late April 2009. My dry cleaning was lost for 2 days, then found on the floor of the reception, and returned to me unwashed. The cleaning staff failed to do a thorough job in cleaning the room -- the bed would be neatly made, but somehow the coffee cups were not washed and the bathroom sink would be left dirty. The owner also happened to forget to pay for the Internet service, so the wireless network available in the rooms was not accessible for 24 hours.	
Apr 27 2009 	Nice Hotel Bad Service!	Hotel is recently renovated and very cosy. We had a very bad experience as we arrived from the airport to find that they had overbooked our stay. The hotel staff relocated my wife &amp; I to the Park Lane Mews, Mayfair for the first night (The sister hotel - this hotel was rubbish, outdated and rude service staff) To make matters worse we only spent half of the next morning trying to find a taxi and relocate to the Tophams Hotel. I must admit on arrival they did have our room ready, although this does not excuse the rudeness of overbooking or the rudeness of the staff at the sister hotel. I would not stay at this hotel again! nor would I recommend it to anyone. STAY AWAY!!!!!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Lush in London	I stayed at the Tophams Hotel for a weekend London getaway by myself. This was my first time to visit London and I was unsure where to book accomodations. I always check Trip Advisor for recommendations and reviews. I chose this hotel based on location, price, and star rating. I thought the staff was extremely helpful. The hotel was close to all the major sites and Victoria station. The bed was comfortable, the room was nicely decorated, and the LCD flat panels come with DVD players that you can view movies from the reception desk. The rooms come with minifrigs and hot water pots. As a side note, I highly recommend the show &quot;WICKED&quot; which plays at the Apollo Victoria theatre. This is 5 minute walk from the Topham. Also, if you ride the Underground, save your tickets. You will need them to exit the Underground and if you do not have the ticket you will be assessed a small fee. You can buy select items from Harrods at the airport Duty Free. All in all, I loved London and would certainly stay at the Tophams again!	
Mar 26 2009 	Disappointed. Great location. Terrible service	I stayed here in March 09 for 3 nights whilst attending a course nearby. While the location was great - a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station, the service i received was dreadful.I chose the hotel over some of the bigger chains as i wanted a more friendly intimate environment for change. Rooms are nicely decorated but VERY small. The hotel advertised complimentary soft drinks and snacks in the minibar. - a kit kat and 2 bottles of water between two of us. It advertised bathrobes- &quot;we have changed our linen company and we dont have them any more.&quot; I ordered room service on the first night and got half the meal i orderered, we had no bath towels and were given only 2 hand towels. The worst part was the air conditioning was broken. the temperature in the room was 26 degres. i reported this after the first night and was told it would be looked at while i was out that day. It wasnt. I asked on about 4 occasions over the next 24 hrs and was told it was being looked at. One guy came up said gosh it is terrible in here and went away again. We slept with the windows wide open every night so got no sleep after around 530am due to noise outside. I was told well we cant move you now (3rd night) as we are full tonight. My overall impression was that I was very disappointed with this hotel. It has the potential to be very good if the attitude of the staff could change. I am the manager of a travel agency but I definitely won't be recommending this one to my clients.	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent location excellent staff almost perfect	I was in the Tophams during a business trip. The location is excellent, as is just 5 minutes walking from Victoria Station. It's located in a quiet and charming street.The staff is extremely kind and helpful.My room was small, but very well decorated. The bed was very comfortable. There was also a dvd player integrated on the tv, so I could take dvds for free from reception and watch them in the room.Without a doubt his hotel is an excellent choice, for business and for leisure.It will be for sure one of my first choices when I return to London.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great boutique style hotel with good location	This is lovely little boutique style hotel. It has obviosly just been referbished because the whole place is spotless. The staff were very welcoming and managed to get our room ready even though we arrived 2 hours early. The location is great. A smart road just round the corner from Victoria. There are lovely little shops and bars close by. The rooms are not huge but they are very well laid out. It is excellent value for money give the standard of other hotels at the same cost in London.	
Feb 19 2009 	cool	i stayed at this hotel in the time off the snow in london, i really enjoyed it. the room was a little cold to start with but soon heated up. the bed was very comfortable the bathroom was nice, the bath is good also. the room is a little small but they made very good use of their space.	
Oct 26 2008 	Ok...ish!	If you like lifeless, clinical and cold hotels then this one is for you! Having had the pleasure of staying on a number of occasions prior to the refit I was some what dissapointed as the place looked a bit fake and business like! On the plus side it was great location and the staff were pleasant. However I would not agree with the review that said it was a 5 star hotel, if you want 5 stars in this area I can highly recommend Hotel 41 down the road!!! Hotel 41 is the kind of style that Topham's should have went for.	
Sep 30 2008 	Perfect Location discreet and friendly.	The hotel has just re-opened after a complete revamp. Everything is new, modern and very tasteful. The rooms have everything you would expect from this hotel, we did not see any official ratings but it is a definite 5 star. The concierge service was excellent and we used it often.We can highly recommend Tophams and will definitely be back.	
Aug 3 2008 	Absolute Gem	What a great find. We went to see Wicked, and decided on The Tophams, which we found by chance on the web. What a fantastic little hotel. The rooms are really nice, wonderfully decorated and everything you could possibly need, although not huge, they feel really nice, and you don't actually need anything bigger &amp; fully air conditioned, the bathrooms are big with a seperate shower and bath, they even give you free soft drinks &amp; sweets in the mini bar!!Although we were only 2 mins walk away from the bustle of london, you were not disturbed at all, I don't think I have ever had such a quiet hotel room. Everything was really top end: the service, the surroundings, the rooms, all except the price, which was really reasonable for such a nice place. The staff are really helpful, and seem genuinely nice &amp; pleased to see you.The hotel is not big, but in the reception they have made it feel really open.Apparently it has just re-opened after a major refit, so try it now, before they realise they could charge alot more. What a gem of a find, we cannot wait to go back.	
Jul 16 2008 	Newly opened and unbeatable location!	We stayed at Tophams 3 years ago just before it closed down for refurbishment, so were interested to see what had changed.It's a completely different place! The rooms are furnished to an excellent standard, as is the rest of the hotel, we were told by reception that some of the top interior designers from London have worked on the project.Additional touches, such as free wireless internet and complimetary mini-bars in the rooms add value for money.We always loved it's central but quiet location, so it was also nice to see the area hasn't changed much in the last few years.Of course the staff were as warm and friendly as ever.	
Oct 13 2009 	Un 4 estrellas donde NADIE habla castellano?		
Sep 29 2009 	Un completo engaño		
Aug 24 2009 	Muy buen hotel pero ojo con el servicio...		
Aug 13 2009 	Elegante pulito bellissima zona		
Jan 18 2009 	Fantasticocurato nei particolari e comodissimo!		
