Aug 23 2009 	Perfect	My birthday treat was to be a Gilbert &amp; Sullivan evening at Grims Dyke. My wife thought it might be a bit expensive to stay the night but enquired anyway and was told that, as an August Special, we could have any room or suite for £65 a night including bed and breakfast. She booked The Gilbert Suite and it was just wonderfull - huge bedroom overlooking the gardens with four poster bed, beautiful high ceiling and all the little extras that you usually pay a high premium for. Lovely bathroom with huge cast iron bath and a feeling of opulence.The hotel is the former home of W S Gilbert but is not typically Victorian - all angles and quirks. Lovely grounds with lots of surprises - would not have expected redwood trees.Gorgeous rose garden too.Ok, we got it cheap, we had front row seats for the performance and the best table for breakfat. But we had a brilliant time enhanced by friendly staff amd lovely weather so absolutely faultless.	
Jul 26 2009 	Lovely Location	Stayed for one night in Mikado Room which was lovely. Hotel is a bit dated but really nice to be in an old fashioned hotel. The food was very good, dinner and breakfast, service also very good. Beautiful setting and could not fault it at all.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent for both work and pleasure	I have been stayinging in the Grims Dyke for 7 months, 3/4 nights a week.I can honestly say thet the service that i have recieved from all staff ,everything from checking in at reception to using its wide range of services has been excelent.The staff are very friendly and helpful no matter what the time of day or night.The standard of the hotel is excellent and the suroundings are breath taking.	
Jul 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel - but not so cheap!	The hotel is lovely - typical countryside hotel. Goood location - surrounded by very nice gardens. Rooms are ok - standard rooms. I have been there several times and I always booked my room in the new part of the hotel (as those are the cheapest!). Unfortunately there are not many special offers and the price - being far away from London - is quite high. The main building is an historical mansion, very nice and posh. They play operas and concerts and there's a very nice cafè with a gardew view. I would recommend it especially in summer time.	
Jun 28 2009 	You would at least expect the showers to work...	... but that was too much for them to be able to manage.Stayed here are part of a wedding group. First the positives:- fantastic location - peaceful and calm - lovely building with a nice settingOn arrival though most of the rooms were not ready and this was still the case well after the stated check-in time. For example, the bride's parents couldn't get into their room until after 4pm (when check-in was supposed to be 2pm).I was lucky and my room was ready at 3pm......or so I thought. When I turned up the room hadn't been cleaned. I was told that it definitely had been cleaned so I had to find someone from housekeeping myself and explain that a bed that had been slept in, used towels in the bath, and tea and coffee mugs still dirty didn't constitute a cleaned room.The room itself was fine, if very basic and a bit tired. However, when we tried to use the shower we found it didn't work. We called reception who said this was a known problem with the room (!) and they would send someone to look at it. 10 minutes later and no-one had turned up. I called again and was told that I would just need to be patient and someone was on their way. After the 3rd phone call someone turned up and spent 10 minutes fiddling with the shower. Eventually they got it working (scalding hot). When I enquired why they let people stay in a room without a working shower he said that it wasn't broken - if it was he wouldn't be able to fix it. After 5 mins argument he finally admitted that the shower was faulty and they &quot;often&quot; had to send people to the room to &quot;fix&quot; it. I presume &quot;often&quot; in this case means &quot;every day&quot;. I didn't get a proper apology - just a token few pounds off the bill after I demanded they tell me what they were going to do about it.If you do have the misfortune to be staying here make sure you aren't in room 111. that way you at least have a fighting chance of being able to get a shower without waiting 45 minutes...	
Apr 17 2009 	Lack of attention to detail	Last night, we stayed at this hotel attending a wedding. We were surprised that such a lovely hotel has a rather strange &amp; poky little reception area, but the receptionist was pleasant and we were informed that we had been upgraded from a lodge room to the Gilbert Suite. The room is huge and so is the adjoining bathroom. However, the four poster bed was piled high with all the curtains for both rooms and the hangings for the bed. We immediately returned to reception, where a great deal of surprised was expressed - to the extent that we didn't feel they actually believed us at first. Finally, we were followed up to the room by a young man who seemed entirely daunted by the task of hanging what is an enormous amount of drapery. We, by this time, urgently needed to get ready for the wedding. As we had, by then, been joined by several more staff and long ladders, we had to retreat to the bathroom to put on our finery. Which had no curtains and looks out over a very pleasant garden. Fortunately, it was rather wet which kept down the number of people wandering around, but we did change bent down into a strange crouch for most of the time to avoid being seen. It was, frankly, chaotic. Our clothes and possessions were in the bedroom, which was now filled by quite few staff, ladders, curtains draped across the floor (they are huge windows) etc etc. We were offered a drink from the bar, but this was not very timely given we were just about to go to a wedding! We were assured that the room would be finished by the time we returned. The room was generally dusty and musty and we formed the opinion that it wasn't used often &amp; no one had checked it prior to booking us in. It had been dusted by the time we went to bed - but the initial impression was poor.Another point - although the bathroom is vast with twin basins and a roll top bath, there is no shower or hand shower or soap dish or shelf - that is plain sloppy and is the difference between an okay hotel and a very good one. I must say that the bed was very comfortable - but the room was very dark and the lighting left a bit to be desired. Some of the furniture had seen much better days too (wobbly chairs, broken glass on a table top).Otherwise, we were looked after well. Breakfast was fine if rather unexciting and the grounds are wonderful. When we checked out, absolutely no mention was made or apology given for the chaos of the previous evening, although staff were very pleasant. I agree with an earlier reviewer, nice hotel with huge potential for the country house market - but run by amateurs. 'Sorry for the inconvenience' costs them nothing and would have mollified us somewhat. They perhaps could have waived the bottle of wine on our bill too - but no matter. We probably won't stay there again, but then we don't go to London very often.	
Mar 9 2009 	What a wonderful surprise!!!	What a wonderful surprise to find an oasis of peace, calm &amp; tranquillity. Surrounded by such wonderful grounds we could hardly believe that we were still in Harrow.Our room was delightful, the food, service &amp; staff were excellent.We are very pleased to have discovered the Grim's Dyke Hotel and will certainly return!	
Mar 4 2009 	Avoid like the plague	I attended a wedding in this so called &quot;charming country house&quot;, for a start the rooms were shabby at best,my fiance and i were given the &quot;honor &quot; of a room in the main house called the Shaw suite which as i began with was old and shabby.. I work in the hotel industry and charming,country can be done tastefully but this was just dusty,old and grubby.The guests who stayed in the newer lodge part were even less impressed.The only good thing about this hotel was the gentleman behind the reception desk,he was extremely friendly but thats where it ends.The breakfast was appalling! I consider a fry as one of the most basic things that can be cooked,for a chef not to be able to acheive this may as well throw in the towel... It was October when we stayed and i held off with this review until i heard that the groom's mother is now being harrassed by the hotel management for payment of the room in which she stayed for 3 nights,I was present when she payed said bill and she has a receipt and now has to seek legal action as the management keep persisting and harrassing her which is causing her alot of upset...Please reconsider staying in this nightmare of a hotel....Disgraceful!!	
Jan 29 2009 	Initial Disappointment. Ultimate Charm	This was on a list of accommodation for a wedding we were going to in Harrow.We booked directly with the hotel after checking deals on late rooms etc. The deals on the hotel’s own website were as good, if not better, than the deals we could find through the booking agencies (£75 per night for a double with breakfast).Initial disappointment.While the hotel itself is pretty grand, unless you are going for one of the suites, you’ll probably end up in the lodge. This is a modernish (1970s/80s?) building which looks from the outside like an old people’s home. It also has that feel as you enter.Our hearts sunk as we entered the room (superior double) as it wasn’t large, had a musty smell (we think the previous resident had been smoking – not the hotel’s fault as there is adequate ‘no smoking’ signage), and didn’t have the grand country house hotel feel that we wanted – felt more like I was on a weekend works convention.To be fair, as we settled in it became very apparent that the rooms had been modernised, were of a pretty reasonable standard (fridge, safe, LCD TV – all mod cons) and was very clean. The musty smell soon cleared too.The Charm.We spent the afternoon walking the grounds which are lovely. Giant redwoods (which we’d never seen anywhere else than California - a fair size too), rabbits in the gardens, ducks in the stream, all surrounding a beautiful house.We had a drink in the bar (the Old Library – proper old charm – very friendly staff on duty while we were there – really felt at home), before getting a taxi to the wedding at the Kadwa Patidar (KP) Centre in Harrow (Fleetline taxis, £10 there, £7 back).Returning in the evening we had a nightcap in the bar. There was a wedding evening do going on, and I can understand why some could get hacked off with this, especially if the wedding party is a bit chavvy. We did some fun people watching though before we went to bed.Breakfast is back in the main house. A stunning room with views of the gardens. Very good breakfast with good buffet choice of cereals, juices, pastries, etc, and very good service again.Walked to Hatch End train station (35 minutes, though no pavement for some way so not recommended for the infirm). I think Stanmore Tube station is closer but the line was closed for maintenance that weekend.Day return to London with Zone 1 and 2 travel card was £7.50. Taxi office at Hatch End station so got a cab back to the hotel at the end of our day in London (K2 Cars, £5 from station to hotel).I’d say Grim’s Dyke is a good option if you have reason to visit the area. It feels like you are in the country (bring walking shoes, there looked like lots of good walks you could do from the hotel), there’s loads of parking, the accommodation is more than acceptable (if a bit lacking in charm) especially if you get a good deal. But most of all the grounds and the main house are lovely, and the staff while we were there were all really friendly.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Entertainment good food ....	Booked last minute just to break the routine, my partner and I stayed at the Grim's Dyke over the August bank holiday.We booked one of the last avalable rooms, in the lodge, and found that for the same price as a premier inn we got a marginally better room - bigger bed, softer towels, a bit more space/style and as good, if not better breakfast at £75 per night for two. Daytime there were weddings, which meant noisy kids in the gardens - we had tea and scones in the garden, but the kids got too much for us. We'd breakfasted in the library because the restaurant was full - lovely room looking onto the terrace and garden. Lovely gardens close to the house and setting in a big mature wood was magical.Most magical of all was dinner on Sunday night, with Trial by Jury and excerpts from other G&amp;S works. Not too much to eat, but very tasty, marvellous singing and two wonderful narrators teling us about the operettas. Best summed up - when we left, my partner - 26/50 - said .. we can come here again.	
Jul 25 2008 	A very special place	We are regular visitors to dine at this hotel which is very near our home. We stayed overnight to celebrate our Silver Wedding. We had agreed a special price for one of the rooms in the main house. However, we were upgraded to the most incredible room - The Sullivan Suite. It was a wonderful experience. The room is enormous with double aspect views over the spectacular grounds. We always knew it was a lovely hotel but this experience shows that for reasonable prices (particularly their special deals) it is in a class of its own. It may only be 5 miles from home but we'll be back!	
May 24 2008 	Delightful	Only stayed for one night, but it was lovely. Dinner was excellent, and breakfast even better. Staff were efficient and friendly. The grounds, particularly at this time of year, are absolutely beautiful. Would highly recommend it.	
May 19 2008 	Nothing grim about this place....	We have just spent a fantastic week-end at the Grim Dyke,having booked into one of the Gardren Suites. On arrival we checked in with no problems, shown to our suite which had the most lovely views over looking the gardens with a nice little patio area to sit out and have an evening drink. Having pre-booked an evening meal on saturday night the food was superb with a fine selection of wines served by the most friendly and helpfull staff on hand. In the morning the full english is highly recomended after which you can walk off with a stroll around the huge gardensStanmore tube just down the road by taxi so short trip into town for shopping or sight seeing.	
Mar 29 2008 	A decent hotel in an area with few	We booked via the Yell.co.uk website and had two rooms at about half the full rate- that was the first pleasant surprise. Check in was smooth and helpful, and our rooms in the Garden Lodge were Clean and well furnished if not lavish. The bathrooms likewise were perfectly adequate.The grounds are lovely, and the bar is WS Gilbert's (of Gilbert &amp; Sullivan fame) old library. The old building is a classic Victorian home with old wood panelling everywhere, and a charming atmosphere. Service was always helpful and promptI can't really understand oyther reviewers' complaints.	
Jan 20 2008 	Lovely for a wedding not good for anything else	We stayed two nights for a wedding. The wedding side of things was lovely. We had great service, great food and the bride and groom were happy. Felt like the whole hotel was ours.The dissapointment came with our individual part of the stay. We were in the lodge, the room was ok, a little jaded. Small things were annoying. We requested an iron which came black with a very exposed wire. We had to prize the plug out of the bath with a spoon to let the water out. Our meal the first night was highly dissapointing. We were shoved in an alcove where it was left to us to move the table to get in and out. The place was full of christmas partys. Service was unattentive and food was unexceptional. Breakfast consisted of boiling plates and warm food which was the same for everyone, no choice.This is an idealic location for a wedding which it seems is where the owners are placing there efforts. I do feel sorry for visitors not part of a party.	
Sep 17 2007 	Nothing to complain about but nothing to write home about either.	Stayed here on the night of a wedding held there at a reduced rate of £90. Not sure of usual price, but felt that £90 was enough to pay for the room. Clean, tidy and quite well presented with nice grounds, but not particulary different from anywhere else really- a generic wedding venue with accommodation. We stayed in the main building so not sure of the lodge (one of the party had their room broken into that night in the Lodge.) Breakfast was nothing special- again- generic. Nothng to complain about, but nothing to write home about either.	
Sep 3 2007 	Does not meed glossy brochure expecations.	We stayed here because of its proximity to Harrow; we saw their brochure before booking. While I don’t doubt that the other comments are valid, especially regarding the extensive grounds, I cant agree with the quality of the stay. Their brochure is glossy colour – the reality is more monochrome.1.We paid £120 for a “Garden Suite” on a Saturday night. Their understanding of the word “suite” varies from mine. The so-called suite was just a large room with patio doors. As such I feel I was deceived. 2.The Jacuzzi bath was big enough for a dwarf. 3.The bed was rock hard.4.There was only one bathrobe in this “suite”5.The room was not ready at 2pm as we were told in writing it would be.6.The restaurant was closed for a wedding, leaving pathetic bar snack sandwiches as an alternative.7.Constant pestering was needed to get into the room, although they told us they would let us know when it was ready.8.Room service was slow and the order taken inaccurately.9.The reception is tucked away in a separate room and although the staff were courteous they were hardly friendly and smiles were rare.10.Breakfast was served in the restaurant; there were several staff that didn’t seem to know their job.11.We were shown to a table, which was not fully laid and had to reach across to the next table to get knives forks etc.12.The next table was not replenished either.13.They had run out of white bread.14.They ran out of orange juice.15.The restaurant manager only came in at the end of the meal, when the staff were in the corner chatting.Overall, a disappointment; potentially a good hotel, run by amateurs!	
Jun 21 2007	Not a big fan of dykes but she weren't that grim.	This is a lovely hotel.....Especially if you are coming over from spain next week. I came over from Spain one week and met Tre and The Earl of Bradford when I stayed at this hotel.	
Sep 15 2006 	A paradise	The hotel is set in acres and acres of woodland, and you'd never know you're in a city. I couldn't resist wandering about in the woods for ages, until the light started to go. I didn't see another soul but I could hear some children playing. My room was in the annexe and it was lovely - £70 B&amp;B through laterooms. I've paid that at Wembley's Travel Inn before and I know where I'd rather be! Dinner was okay - 2 courses for £15.95. I felt spoilt staying here.	
Sep 13 2006 	Good service and nice place	Stayed at this hotel for one evening. The room was very clean and although the decoration was not up to date, it was not bad for the price I paid. Also had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant. Dinner was very good, breakfast was also good. The service throughout was excellent and the staff were very friendly. Also the hotel is set in the middle of a forest so you do feel relaxed being there. Would go back.	
Apr 4 2006	Grim's Dyke Hotel	Grim's Dyke is a gorgeous and immense old mansion built for painter Frederick Goodall 135 years ago, and later lived in by W.S. Gilbert of Gilbert and Sullivan fans. It was last renovated in the 90's and sits on 40 acres of woods and beautiful gardens. It is an awesome place and we all should be grateful it has been rescued from near ruin and preserved. It is definitely worth a visit. The highlight of our visit was attendance at a dinner performance of The Mikado in Gilbert's grand old ballroom by a wonderful troup of actors who perform regularly both in the home and at times in the garden. I heartily recommend this. All that said, I cannot recommend the place as lodging for a family such as mine, who searched for a quiet country experience at a historic property within tube range of central London. The owners cater to weddings and special events and also have a separate building with smaller rooms which cater to businessmen and women. They do quite well at it, judging from the numbers present, and more power to them. But tourists as us were sort of tolerated and made to share the loud, late-hour noise, smoke, crowds till it just wasnt't fun. If we hadn't been paying so much... (we had an immense architecturally ornate room which viewed two lawns and gardens, called Sullivan Suite where Lady Gilbert recovered from her husband's drowning on the property legend has it)... I would have laughed it off as a jolly time in the midst of one big Gilbert and Sullivan comedy, or so it seemed, as we ducked around the bride throwing her bouquet and later dodged drunks and waiters with champaign laden trays. Also, for the most part the staff provided little of the hall porter type concierge service which you get in London for multi-hundred pound accommodations. They were nice enough but really did not help us much when we asked for some services. So if you have a wedding or bar mitzvah coming up, Grim's Dyke would be perfect; The G &amp; S performances are wonderful; a visit to the gardens is definitely worth it; but it's not really a quiet country experience for tourists as I'd hoped.	
Apr 18 2004	Grim's Dyke -not so grim!	The hotel is in beautiful grounds and is an impressive building (the former country home of Gilbert of Gilbert and Sullivan fame).The room I stayed in was in the Lodge annexe. This was no more than adequate -the lodge is reasonalby recent, but the general accomoadation was little better than a new Travelodge. The restuarant (Gilbert's) was excellent - the chef is clearly very good and the food reasonably priced for such good food in such beautiful surroundings. A meal for two with wine and a tip came to £100. The room was £95.Would I stay there again? Absolutely, but I'd ask for a room in the main building rather than in the lodge annexe.	
