Apr 28 2009 	Not so bad - not so good	We stayed at the Alexander Hotel last weekend when we went to see the London Marathon. I normally check things out with Tripadvisor first but we were pushed for time so I took a chance and made a booking then felt very worried when I read the reviews. So what was our experience?Well, on the positive side, it is very close to Victoria Station thus making London very accessible. We did not have any problem with the booking - we were late arriving but the nice woman on reception buzzed us in and was very polite and competent.The staff are mostly young European women and they were all helpful and charming. We were a bit early for breakfast but the young lady let us into the dining room and promptly took our order. The brekafast is not going to win awards but we had cereal followed by toast and scrambled egg along with a cup of tea. All perfectly adequate.On the downside, the rooms are small and although we had quite a nice tv in our room, the tiny one in our daughter's single room did not work. That said, we were out all day so that was not really an issue for us.The showers are ok but hot water is still hit and miss. The rooms are cleanish but they certainly are not particularly modern. My daughter thought her room was a joke when we opened the door to be faced with a doorless hanging wardrobe to the side and 2 white fire doors in front of us. In fact, the tiny single room was hidden behind these very springy doors. Hmm. Not sure that would impress anyone!Overall, they seem to have improved on the meet and greet front and the rooms are ok if you just want somewhere to dump your stuff and go off round London. The staff are also very good about allowing you to leave bags at reception once you check out.Would I use it again? Probably not.	
Apr 9 2009 	perfect for the BUDGET (!) traveller	A very nice hotel for the budget traveller.Don't expect too much, it still is a cheap hotel (very cheap for london). The rooms were small but ok, we allways had warm water. The personnel was very VERY friendly and the breakfast was good( bacon with eggs, toast, warm and cold drinks, cereals and sometimes fruit). It was no problem to leave our luggage in the hotel after we checked out yesterday morning. The location was super!I can understand that persons who are used to stay in &quot;posh&quot; hotels don't like this hotel, but for the budget traveller who is used to staying in cheap hotels, this hotel is perfect. I've stayed in very bad hotels over the years and this certainly is not one of them. Just one thing: we slept in room 22 and the floors of the rooms above us made noise(all the houses in the area are very old, this is normal), so if you are not a steady sleeper,bring some earplugs.	
Sep 21 2008	Hated the place!	Disgusting, horrible hotel. Nothing worked well and it was smelly and dirty looking.Do not recommend to anyone.	
Jul 17 2008 	Bad Experience with Alexander Hotel London	Filthy bathroom. Mold on the tiles. The drain from the shower upstairs leaked through the ceiling of the shower in our room (see photos). We checked out early because of the dirty conditions of the room.	
Apr 27 2008	Very disappointed	My mother and I arrived in London at 6am. Got a shuttle to the Alexander. When we arrived (after a 14 hour flight) there was no room for us until 12pm. Reception guy was unhelpful. Were able to get changed in a 1m sq toilet room and then headed out for breakfast. A shower would have been great - but no. When we finally we able to get to our room, we found a dingey little box of a room. The two single beds were about 2 feet apart, the beds, duvets etc were probably pre 1900s. It was a real let down for our first trip overseas. We would have happily paid way more for a decent sized room and a bit of polite, helpful service.Would only recommend this place for backpackers - but it would be beyond their budget!	
Apr 6 2008 	the door was closed...	We came from France for a two nights stay, and we had booked the Alexander Hotel using their website, with a full night advance payment. When arriving at the front door it was closed and there was a &quot;hotel full&quot; sign, no one answered the bell, we tried to phone the hotel and heard the ringing inside but no one answered... After 20 minutes waiting we decided to look for another hotel and luckily we got one room at the one next door, alas only for the first night. One hour later we got out for dinner, and we saw that the Alexander Hotel receptionist was back ! I then had an explanation, the guy said he was out for only five minutes... I asked if we could come the day after and enjoy our second night but he just reimbursed my advance payment and told me he had no room available !! What a reliable place, and what a warm welcome to London, this is a shame.	
Feb 16 2008 	Terrible	Verry bad experience!!! The room dirty, the bathroom dirty. The house lady not friendly. The breakfast low quality!!!Don't go to Alexander Hotel, worst experience ever!	
Dec 18 2007 	This was my worst hotel experience ever!	I booked a room at the Alexander Hotel on November 12, 2007 for a 3-night stay from November 30-December 3, 2007. I was not able to stay at the Alexander because on my day ofarrival no one was at the hotel to let me in. Iarrived a little before the estimated time of arrival which was 3pmand waited several hours in the rain. After waiting a couple hours I went across the street to the hotel that turned out to be owned by the brother of the owner of the Alexander. I calledthe Alexander Hotel but no one answered the phone. Finally, I was forced to find another hotel for the night. I left a note explaining what had happened and asked for a refund of the deposit that had already been charged to my credit card A few days later, I checked back in and spoke witha man who said that he would refund my deposit, but its been over a month and the charge is still on my credit card.After traveling 14 hours from the states the last thing anyone needs is to have absolutely no one at the hotel. It would have been better if someone there would have just said they were all booked up. Let'sgo recommended this hotel in one of their london guides - my sincere advice is to book a room somewhere else - there are many hotels just down the street and I've never had a worse experience.At a minimum - a hotel should have someone present during normal business hours to receive those who booked well in advance!	
Dec 1 2007 	Functional at best. Might try something else.	My husband and I were trying to take in a lot of Europe in two weeks, and we didn't want to spend a lot of money on the places where we slept. Based on my research, hotels in London can be pretty expensive, so when I found a decent deal on the Alexander Hotel, I took it. We stayed there for two days, and the location was decent, but the accomodations were nothing to write home about.The room we stayed in was tiny with pretty much just enough room for the bed and a small table. The bed itself was comfortable. The bathroom was very small and the shower was a problem. The shower had warm water but sprayed in a strange pattern, and no matter what you do, the floor becomes thoroughly soaked. I believe I read this in another trip advisor review and thought that wouldn't be a big deal, but an inch of water covering the floor in cold London is really uncomfortable. If you take a shower in the evening, the water is waiting for you in the morning. God help you if you are wearing socks.We had a first floor room, but there is no elevator which may make it difficult for guests who have difficulty lifting their luggage. The breakfast was unremarkable but also unoffensive. I do have to say that the location was pretty nice. It was only a 5 minute walk from Victoria Station, and we actually rolled our luggage from the station to the hotel. We were also not far from the meeting point of our tour to Stonehenge.In its favor, the staff were very accomodating and met us back on a Saturday to give us our luggage that they had held while we explored the city. We were greeted warmly at midnight when we first arrived as well. For the sake of what feels like a family-run business with kind workers, I would like to recommend this hotel, but I greatly hesitate to do so.	
Oct 29 2007	Renovation Needed	Typical of RIP-OFF Britain. £75 P/NIGHT in London is cheap but you should still get some quality for that. Sad to say - This is not a qualtity hotel &amp; needs a complete renovation. Old dirty paisley carpets, tatty worn out curtains, 1960'S bathroom tiles, an old mattress on top of another old mattress made a good nights sleep impossible. It was like sleeping on a water bed. Electrical sockets hanging from the wall, TV with bad reception tatty furtniture, radiator blocked by wardrobe, noisy rooms &amp; street BREAKFAST - well not an English breakfast as described, only 2 items on the plate, egg &amp; bacon, so what happened to the rest?. If this was abroad you would complain, but this is typical of some of the crap accomodation in Britain. I was glad to get out of the place. Forgot to say, upon arrival the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous occupants and there was feces in the toilet basin. I won't be returning! No wonder people go abroad!	
Oct 12 2007 	Great breakfast	Hotel Alexander B&amp;B is a great place to stay in London for cheap.It's near Victoria Station, walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Big Ben. Room and washroom are always clean. But if you don't already, I suggest to bring your own soap and shampoo as they don't provide you good stuff. ( i always do) Breakfast is great. Eggs and bacon with toast and fresh coffee or tea, orange juice. Or choice of cereals and fruits. They say they have a tv lounge,,,but we never found it. No concierge/reception 24-7.Near the supermarket. my husband and I love Indian food. there is a place called Indian Diner on Rochester way (sorry i forgot the address) but you can google it.	
Feb 6 2007	Good deal- but get an upstairs room	Good things: cheap for an en suite room, easy to book on-line at their website, fairly close to Victoria Station, friendly staffNot so good things: the ground floor rooms have terrible views- (so just request to be upstairs!).We stayed at the Alexander Hotel for 4 nights- in 2 different rooms in October. We opened the door to our first room (right next to the office) and we would have been a bit upset had it not been for our exhaustion/excitement for our first night in London after 24 hours of air and land travel. Our ground floor window looked out at a dirty alley and dumpsters with zero sunlight. The bathroom had a semi-non-flushing toilet and a shower that was about 4 feet tall. Oh well- we only paid 50 L/night, and we came to see the city- not the inside of our hotel room. We walked out the front door of this B&amp;B to see many other similar B&amp;B's (no shops or cafes)- about a 5 minute walk from the huge Victoria Station. We looked up to see a few rooms that had balconies- what do we have to do to get one of those? we thought as pictures of our dark alley view flashed through our minds. Guess what- our second two nights we were given one of the rooms with a balcony- lucky us. Same price- MUCH better room. We'll request a second floor room next time. Breakfast was very average- but it did the job. I believe that this is a low-cost B&amp;B- so the other occupants tended to be young travellers like us. The best thing about the small dining area was that you basically had to share space with the other travellers- which turned out to be a good thing- why travel if you don't intend on meeting people from other walks of life? I wouldn't recommend this B&amp;B for a couple that plans on spending lots of money on nearby fine dining and wants a fancy room with a great bathroom. The Victoria Station area isn't filled with trendy cafes and shops- but it is walking distance to lots of the churches and royal stuff. I would recommend this B&amp;B to someone who just wants to be in London- plans on Tubing and walking- doesn't plan on spending much time in the room.	
Aug 30 2005	not too bad	This hotel was ok, not amazing really but neither was it bad. Staff were welcoming when i arrived and helped me find an address. Room itself was on the small side but clean and pleasant enough plus a fan was a bonus to get through the heat of the summer night. I may go back due to the location being so good.	
Jun 2 2005	Could do better	Wanted some where to stay close to victoria coach station and this is spot on , close to all of London's sites, but is in need of refurbishment . The decor in the bathroom was straight from the 60's &amp; hasn't been changed since. bathroom was musty and the fan didn't work ,room was small , a double bed in a single room. Cooked breakfast could have more variety ,excellent website for easy booking shame the hotel is not more up to date.probably would not stay here again unless they had undertaken refurbishments ....but you pays your money &amp; takes a chance, as they say!!	
Nov 29 2004	Comfortable and cheap	Not at all as bad as the last reviewer suggested, I found this place on the contrary to be quite good. Our room was indeed small but that is par for the course in Europe, and the bathroom was no closet, in fact it was a decent size with a big headed shower too.I was pleasantly surprised at the breakfast and the location is about five minutes from the main station. There are more hotels on this road but this is one of the closest to the station (maybe the closest?) and after spending the day touristing around the city it really takes it out of you so we were thankful for every step saved!Finally the place was packed every morning at breakfast, I always take this as a good sign for a restaurant or hotel when travelling. We paid 65 sterling per night. The five star around the corner wanted 120 - why bother if all you need is a cofortable sleep with breakfast?	
Nov 15 2004	A little better then a hostel	I stayed in this hotel for two nights last May (2004). I was glad to leave. The place had an old smell to it. The bathroom was a converted closet and the toilet did not flush. There was a big hole in blanket. The room was very small but it seems that most hotel rooms in Europe are small unless you are willing to pay a lot of money. The only good think about this place was they had a fairly good english breakfast. It's also hard to find, even with the directions on their website. I wouldn't go back to this hotel.	
Oct 6 2004	good for the budget traveler	We stayed in the Alexander Hotel for 4 nights a couple of weeks ago and over all found it to be a good stay--especially at London's high prices. The location is great, the staff was courteous, the rooms were somewhat dated but pretty clean, and super euro-tiny (but we expected that) but we had a little balcoy that looked onto the street which was great. My only complaint was the bed was awful--way too soft and the mattress springs poked you all night--I would have slept on the floor had then been floorspace to sleep on! The breakfast is ok. We skipped it 2 days. If you go--make sure you stay on the 1st or 2nd (which in america would be called the 2nd and 3rd) floors.	
Jul 28 2004	Decent for a cheap place	The Alexander is a fairly decent place to stay for the price, which is pretty cheap (for London). Our room was tiny, but that's a given and it was clean (although the bathroom was kind of grotty). We were in room 12 which had a balcony and it was lovely to sit out in the morning watching the kids in matching uniforms (with boaters!) going to a school on the same block. We did look out over Belgrave road so there was a lot of street noise, but nothing earplugs couldn't fix. The staff was all foreign college students who were quite friendly and the breakfast was basic but good.	
Jun 13 2004	Good place to stay	Despite reading some mixed reviews we decided to stay last minute when a friend came back from a trip to London to say she had left another hotel on the same road (Holiday Inn) and moved to the Alexander hotel for a better price.Staff were helpful (the girl on reception found an indian restaurant on the internet for us) and the room was clean and bright, a bit tight around the edges but the shower in the bathroom had a fabulous extra large head which was just great! Price is right (65 pounds) and the place is close enough to the station to walk (which saved a cab fare).Bad points: breakfast is only to 9… we arrived just before 10 on our first day (but they gave us toast and coffee still). The weather was in a heatwave so without air conditioning we had to leave the window wide open all night but it wasn’t too bad. There was no hairdryer but again the receptionist gave us one to keep in the room when we asked.Summary: excellent website (our room WAS as shown on the site) with directions and information, genuine staff, location in a good spot, a few bits here and there but nothing major and nothing you wouldn’t expect in this price range anyway.At the end of our trip we left London feeling good, the Alexander is a friendly place to stay folks, if you ever go to London give it a look in!	
Jun 12 2004	A very enjoyable stay	My husband and I stayed in the Alexander Hotel for four nights in May, and we found it to be a very pleasant experience, contrary to the previous reviewer. It is certainly what one would call a budget hotel, and travelers should expect to get what they pay for, as it is a relatively cheap option for London. The carpet may not have been exceptionally clean, but everything else was wonderful. We stayed on the first floor (second floor in the U.S.) and although our room was very small, it was comfortable and even had a balcony! It was very nice to sit out there in the evenings. Our room got street noise during the night, especially with the windows open for ventilation, but it was not a problem. I'm not sure if they have air conditioning in the hotter summer months; should check. We very much enjoyed the English breakfasts, finding the eggs not at all hard. There was a good selection of food. One of the best parts was the en suite bathroom, which is a rarity in London B&amp;Bs in this price range. Ours was great except without a shower curtain. All in all, a very good option for someone on a budget and very acceptable. Also in an excellent location for sights and Victoria Station. Highly recommended!	
Jun 11 2004	Small Clean 	The rooms are very small but the hotel is clean and the service excellent! We had room 12 which overlooked the busy street, but had a small balcony with two lounge chairs. We were only in the room to sleep at night anyway. It is located very close to Victoria Station Tube/Coach so getting around is easy. If you want a large, luxury hotel room go somewhere else! We would revisit the Alexander based on the great customer service and the price!!! 	
Jun 8 2004	Misleading website don't take room #2	After reading the former possitive reviews, I couldn't be more disappointed when I arrived at this hotel. Not only our room doesn't look far from what is represented on their website -- it was almost a time warp experience! My girlfriend couldn't stop laughing when I had a photo made with me pointing at their '70's looking but not hip curtains and carpets. There is nothing chic nor tasteful about our tiny room #2. Either you requested not to stay at the ground floor or just go for their twin bedrooms. Ours was very disappointing, it was dark and the furniture is very old. The room looks like under renovation, and we had the most hard fried eggs for breakfast ever. Too bad for the service was indeed friendly. 	
Dec 2 2003	Nice and cosy	I would say this seems to be one of the better hotels on Belgrave Road. We checked around the street and many other places we saw were not up to scratch, but the alexander was on the whole excellent. Nice comfortable room with pretty furniture and the staff were polite and helpful and knowledgable too. They recommended a great restaurant nearby and I have to say it was one of the best meals we've had on any of our vacations over the years.The only problem I had was that our room was quite high up and there is no lift, but once you got there the room itself was actually very nice. Breakfast was also excellent, long live the great british fry up!Would I stay here again? Yes - the price was good and the service was warm and its in a good location close to the tube station. I don't know what the reviewer above smelt but we didnt smell anything bad the whole time we were there and our radiator also worked fine. I would certainly recommend the place to other travellers.	
Nov 6 2003	Friendly Staff vs. Odd Smells	Positives: The hotel has a great internet site that is easy to navigate, informative and reservations can made through the website. The staff, especially the wait staff, are very friendly and helpful. The free breakfast was good: eggs, bacon, toast, cereal, fruit, etc. The location is good, 5 minute walk from Victoria Station and other tourist sites, such as Westminster Abbey, were about a 15 minute walk. Best bar around was The Elusive Camel. The location was quiet and the bed was comfortable.Negatives: My room did not have a heater or radiator when I arrived, fortunately when I asked the front office the manager immediately grabbed a temporary radiator from his office and took it up to my room and plugged it in. The last night I stayed a radiator had been installed in my room, but it covered the cable outlet, and therefore I had no TV, and I could not get the new radiator to come on. There was a weird smell in the hallway and in my room. Opening the window during the day helped, but not quite enough. The bathroom had some mildew and the air vent was clogged with dust bunnies. Other than that, the room was clean.I would probably not stay here again, but the price is right for a few nights.	
Jul 31 2003	Won't hesitate to stay here again...	Planning a trip to London, this is a great hotel to stay at! The employees went above &amp; beyond to help us, they were really the best staff at a hotel myself or my girlfriend ( very frequent travelers ) have ever encountered. Not to mention the best breakfast we've had at a hotel ( who says English food is bad? )... These praises aren't idle folks, we really had a great trip, due in large part to this hotel.The downside of the hotel is, as with most hotels in the UK, the rooms are REALLY small. If you are traveling with more than 2 people, it will be a real tight fit. We had some friends stop back by the hotel at night &amp; could barely fit the 4 of us in the room. But, if you are tripping thru London either by yourself or with a close friend, they won't come much better than this hotel...	
Oct 13 2008 	orrendo da incubo		
Jan 21 2008 	mai più!		
