Oct 29 2009 	Did the job	Stayed one night on the £19 advanced booking deal and thought the room was perfectly adequate. My room was tucked around the corner from the bar/restaurant and I was worried about the noise but I didn't hear a thing. The beds are a bit soft but after sleeping on utilitarian beds in 2 star Italian hotels for a week, I thought the Travelodge beds were heaven. We didn't have breakfast so can't comment on that but we did take advantage of the tea and coffee making facilities in the room. This was my first stay in a Travelodge and I thought it was a perfectly decent functional hotel for our overnight between Kew Gardens and the National Archives. Although, my view might change if I had to pay the £72 quoted by a previous reviewer!	
Oct 28 2009 	Accommodation is good - breakfast provision is not!!	I have stayed here on a number of occasions. The hotel is in a pleasant area and there is easy access to an overland rail link to Waterloo. The rooms are typical of the Travelodge chain - basic but reasonably comfortable. The benefit of this location is that it is quiet as it is out of the central part of the city. There are also a number of local pubs that provide good food.The problem is that if you arrive for breakfast either early or late you are likely to receive a fairly reasonable offer but if you arrive at the busiest time the offer is appalling. You are likely to be faced with no cups, crockery or cutlery, tables left uncleared, food depleted or missing altogether. They are unble to cope when the hotel is busy. Buy the breakfast voucher after you have checked the restaurant - this way you can guarantee the service and offer. If busy, you can get a breakfast elsewhere and save yourself the heartache!!Despite this shortcoming, it isn't a bad budget hotel to choose for a stay in London.	
Sep 1 2009 	Lovely	Very helpful staff, lovely and clean, would recommend to family and friends. About 6 miles from central London. If your lucky enough to get a room on the front then you have great views of the gardens and River Thames.	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent value	We stayed three nights at the Travelodge at Kew Bridge. It was easy to find, and had very convenient parking (at £5.00 per 24 hours, pay by mobile phone). On booking the room was £45.00 per night, and by booking breakfast we saved 25% on the normal price of £7.50. The room was quite large for a travelodge, with a very comfortable double bed, soafa and arm chair, and plenty of hanging/storage space. The hotel cafe/bar was very good - starters from £2.50, main courses from about £5.00, in a very attractive restaurant that was so convenient! The buffet breakfast was very comprehensive, including a full English breakfast! The hotel is literally 5 minutes from the main entrance to Kew Gardens and Kew Palace (get there early and there's plenty of parking). It was about 25 minutes from Hampton Court (again easy parking inside the grounds). The hotel staff were extremely helpful and friendly, and all in all we think it was a lucky find!	
Aug 8 2009 	Good Value overnight stay	Decided in visit National Archives so book to stay overnight sunday so only short drive next day. Had read about parking charge on th website. Room clean, at side so view of flats and aeroplanes going into heathrow. The travelodge is near a busy London road so you get traffic noise which goes on most of the night. Staff brought extra duvet and windows up when we requested them. Good pub within walking distanceon same side of road with an oasis of a beer garden considering proximity to busy road, evening meal at Travelodge reasonable but one slightly overcooked.	
Aug 2 2009 	Lastminute booking - not out of choice	Saturday night in Central London... Supposed to be staying with my friend who has had a family emergency... so at 10pm me and my wife need to find somewhere to stay. I rang various hotels i knew but were all booked...I then tried the travelodge national line... got through to india where i was informed that they only had one room left in the whole of london and surrounding areas!Ill take it at £72..Bed was so soft my back problem has returned with a vengeance. No shower gel or soap provided... £72 and no bloomin soap...The place was clean, parking secure and i guess we had a roof over our heads.. but i wouldnt choose it again.	
Jul 26 2009	travelodge kew brige london	travelodge is worst hotel i have ever stayed in wouldnt advise my worst enemy to stay here poor staff, poor rooms, poor food just dont ever stay at this hotel	
Jul 19 2009 	Not Bad but Not Great	We stayed at Kew for three nights while visiting the National Archives. Upon arrival we discovered that there is a charge for the car park. Considering its location the price to park was fairly reasonable. Although we did not have any problems the car parks are far from secure and the underground part would be very creepy at night.The staff were friendly enough and the lady who worked on reception and the eating area was very helpful.The restuartant/bar was funished in a modern style and offered a good selection of items for breakfast at a fair price. We were put off having anything else to eat there by the prices of the lunches/evening meals and the cost of the bar. However due to its location there is a limited choice of places to eat in walking distance.The room was fairly small and was not cleaned during our stay. The walls were also very thin so you end up hearing what is going on next door. There is also a very busy near by so having the window open on a hot night results in you hearing all that goes on in a busy city like London. Good value for London if get one of travel lodges many discounts.	
Jul 14 2009 	Okay rooms with horrible breakfast	Arrived around 7pm to a place that looked like student digs. Parked outside and then had to pay £5 and no-one in reception. However pressed button and someone came immediately. Not exactly friendly though and would not give change for parking. Had to ring a number for the parking which took ages. Anyway checked in, found lift (didn't work) trekked up stairs with suitcase. Adequate room and clean. No extras though, like no hairdryer, shampoo. Only had soap and not enough towels for family of 4. Apparently you can buy these items. Room was very hot, tried to open window. Will only open a centimetre or two. Discovered our view of a brick wall. Bed comfy, but just too hot to sleep. Went to breakfast in the bar cafe (free for children when paying for an adult). However, not impressed at all. It was luke warm, had to wait ages for items that had run out. Just was not edible, and I'm not a particularly fussy eater. Orange juice was running out of the machine and so it turned to disgusting water. Coffee was also bad. Left very quickly and would never stay there again.	
May 27 2009 	Adequate	Our second visit to this Travelodge. Well placed for Kew Bridge Station and the West in general. Not the most pretty of locations. If you can then do request a room to the front of the building. Both times we have been given a room at the back overlooking grotty flats but to the front are pleasant views of the river. Very noisy youths in a room next to us and also across the corridor. They were up shouting in the corridor and slamming doors until 4am!!!!!!!!!!!! - not funny when you have two children. We complained but the problem continued to the next night. Shame Travelodge doesn't have the same policy as Premier Inn where if you don't get a good nights sleep you have your money refunded. After saying all that it was a cheap way to explore London.	
May 23 2009	Kew	Conveniant for Kew Gardens as it is so close - just across the bridge. The station is very nearby but it is further to the underground station. The M4 is also really close. Underground parking was fine - it is £5 from 3pm to 12noon. The staff here were very good, reception called a taxi for us but the fare was very expensive. The key cards to operate lift as well as to access rooms rarely worked first time. Rooms were your typical Travelodge type - bathrooms are either bath or shower. Family rooms have a sofa bed and are also bigger than the other rooms. Stayed on the top floor (4). As a result there was hardly any traffic noise. Beds are comfortable.Breakfast in the Cafe Bar was good. The room is large, light and airy and clientele were nice. A wall mounted TV shows the news. I didn't try the cooked breakfast. There weren't enough knifes.Overall, I would recommend this Travelodge if you are visiting Kew Gardens or anywhere in Richmond upon Thames, especially if you book in advance and get a cheaper deal.	
May 18 2009 	Simple budget bed	This hotel is too simple to rewiev it. Just nice that you can book such cheap bed staying in London. You can choose any of the numerous options they offer all over the Greater London and UK. If you want to save on your hotel in UK, better offer would be difficult to find.	
Apr 19 2009 	Basic hotel	A very basic hotel, close to Heathrow. Secure underground parking, but slightly inept night staff. A 15 minute walk to Kew Gardens.	
Apr 17 2009 	What more do you want for £9 per night?	Stayed for two nights instead of family's spare room in Chiswick (2 miles away).Typical Travelodge. Clean and functional room. As much tea and coffee as you can drink. Hot water. Safe and secure.Staff when we checked in were okay but staff next day couldn't do enough to help.We didn't visit the bar or the restaurant because there are high streets full of choice just over the bridge or down the road in Chiswick.Parking is a little confusing as it's run by someone else but if you call the number of the box you can sort your whole trip without feeding meters.Great location for Kew Gardens. Worth a visit.What more could you possibly ask for for £9 per night?	
Apr 13 2009 	Good alternative to a central London Travelodge.	Our room was - as usual for Travelodge - tidy, minimalist. Wonderful ensuite, a search revealed one tiny bit of black mould in the shower/bath tiling, otherwise spotless. Plenty of ice-white fluffy towels, plenty of pillows. Bed extremely comfortable with immaculate, smooth, white linen. The room was very spacious, about 20ft by 12ft. A 5ft (king size) bed and a seven-foot long sofa, hanging space, shelves, one chair. Everything in excellent condition and clean.In reception there are three vending machines selling ice creams, cold drinks (a can of Coke is 90p so it's not extortionate) and snacks like pot meals, chocolate bars, crisps, also toothbrushes, headache pills and shower gel. Next to these are internet terminals. The hotel faces across the Thames and Kew Gardens but apparently there are no windows on that side of the hotel, which seems very weird! But you can walk across the road where there is a park set above the river.Our 2nd floor room faced a decrepit, ugly building down a side street. The window opens and you can look sideways over the river. You can lay in bed and watch the planes descending on the path to Heathrow. They are not noisy, even with the window open, but quite interesting to watch. On the Sunday morning we were rudely awoken at 8am by the sound of pneumatic drilling right under our window as the council workmen renewed a bit of tarmac, but that isn't the fault of the hotel.There is a bus stop right outside that takes you to Chiswick High Street, an excellent shopping street, lots of restaurants and quirky designer shops as well as chains, The bus goes on to Stamford Brook tube station and then to Hammersmith bus station, which is a better choice because there are lots of buses into central London, although the tube will get you there much faster. Hammersmith has two separate tube stations, about 300 metres apart, so very easy to get to South Kensington, Earl's Court and into the centre. Kew Bridge railway station is also very close, takes you straight to Richmond, Clapham Junction and Waterloo.The hotel is extremely convenient for Kew Gardens which is a walkable distance. There are two small museums just metres away from the hotel: the Musical Museum and the Kew Steam Museum.There are hot drink making facilities in the room and the staff replenish the tea, coffee, sugar and milk daily.We paid about £39 a night --- just £20 each! The only thing that stop me giving this stay a perfect rating was the cafe-bar. The decor is really trendy and wonderful, the food was nothing gourmet, it's rather like chilled supermarket food reheated in your microwave, but that's acceptable because it's really cheap in comparison to a proper restaurant. What let this place down was the staff! At dinner the service was slow, they forgot our dessert, despite having few customers. But breakfast made me knock two stars of the overall rating, which is sad! Although there were three members of staff running about it was a farce. It's a help-yourself affair, with egg, bacon, sausages etc laid out in hot dishes. But when we got there some bits were missing and it took them far too long to replenish them - quite a ridiculous amount of time! Then when they did replenish one thing, another had run out! So you could have egg and sausage, but no bacon, etc. (PS the egg is scrambled and tasteless, no idea why they cannot provide friend eggs like everywhere else).I've eaten at many of these self service hot buffets and everywhere else the staff had sufficient intelligence to keep everything topped up all the time. The situation was not helped by the fact that the manager was totally ignoring the debacle that was going on before his very eyes in favour of fiddling about with the till! The situation annoyed me so much that I intended writing the manager a letter when I got home but in the end I didn't. He can read it on here! This breakfast isn't &quot;free&quot; - it costs £6 and if I had walked into a cafe and been given half a breakfast and made to wait twenty minutes for the other half I would have walked out. But I guess in a hotel you are a &quot;captive audience&quot; - they've had your money upfront and so you are hardly going to walk out, are you?If we had not had dinner or breakfast this stay would most definitely have been 5 stars straight!If you cannot get a cheap room in a central London Travelodge, or are visiting Kew Gardens, this is a good budget option, and it will cost you £2 each way per day, plus an hour's travel each way, to get into central London.	
Feb 10 2009 	New Year 2008/9 Disaster	Good Points - Breakfast and the breakfast team.Bad points - Too many to list but, took almost 2 hours to check in - computer problems. Rude, unhelpful reception staff. No management or leadership on site No towels and a problem getting them. Previous guests underwear left in the room. One night guests receive refunds but multiple night stays do not. Will not go back	
Feb 8 2009 	Fantastic location easy to find	Our family of 3 stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for the stupid price of £27 (£9 a night) - Our room was great, we had a side room so had partial views of the River Thames which was nice, we just wanted a base for exploring London so this was ideal.I paid an extra £15 to park the care there for 3 nights as it didn't look too safe to leave it down the side lane (lots of drunken activity late at night down those streets).What I always love about Travelodge is the unlimited amount of piping hot water it seems to have, you can have a hot bath run within a minute as the pressure is so strong.	
Feb 7 2009 	Not bad...	The location is decent, within walking distance of Kew Bridge station, but note that the rail service is only hourly on Sundays.The room was warm and comfortable, just what was needed in the cold weather. However, it was just beginning to show signs of wear: some scratches on the furniture and peeling paint around the windows.My only real complaint was the shower: not the shower itself, which was hot and powerful, but the plughole which was slightly blocked, probably from an accumulation of hair over the years. This meant that the water couldn't drain fast enough and rose over the side of the shower tray and onto the floor.For the price though, it's not bad...	
Jan 29 2009 	Great base for London travel	My partner and myself booked this travelodge as a last resort when we were coming to London for a wine tasting and a day away.I booked on line and it cost £190 for the two of us for three nights which was reasonable it was the family room.We hit a snag earlier in the day and phoned to say we would be late, the indian man on reception was very obliging and when we arrived at 8.15 he was pleasant and helpfull checked us in, gave us our key and told us about the cafe/barThe room was large with a sofa bed and a double it was airy and clean, I didn't get a soft bed I would have preffered that, mine was quite hard but not unduly uncomfortable.Sheets were clean as was the room there was a television kettle, teas coffees etc.Bar/cafe was adequate, food standard fare but we found the staff really friendly, buffet breakfast again adequate but all par for the course for the price paid £6.75 we only had one there.Don't bother with the tube the overland train is the best route to take to town 8 minute walk to the station at Kew bridge and then straight in to Waterloo £4.20 return and a really smooth ride.We will use this hotel again we have stayed in pricier hotels that were not as clean and for the price it was top notchThe only downside is the views we looked out onto the car park but hey we basically only slept there so it was fine.	
Jan 24 2009 	Ultra cheap much better location than most Travelodges	At £19 a night (advance booking) this is a very cheap place to stay in Brentford (It's not really Kew at all) but the hotel is let down by the distance to transport, and appauling design. With a location high up, right on the river Thames, you'd have thought the hotel would have made the most of it. Not a bit: the hotel just has a blank wall facing the river, and even the bar &amp; restuarant has the kitchen at the front, with the views: you sit at the back, where even the glass has been frosted over. What a waste. There are also rooms on the ground floor leading to the bar: these are incredibly noisy.High up, the rooms are much quieter: indeed, the family rooms (also £19 if you book far enough in advance) overlooking the car park are silent, and have a good sofa/bed too. Design of the rooms is pretty standard travelodge: Kettle, but no fridge. No phone, but decent TV, with the 5 domestic channels, plus BBC News Channel, Film Four, and Four Music. Radio with BBC 1, 2, 5 and TalkSport. Wifi is £5 an hour.The bar is pretty good, but pricey. £1.30 for a tiny coke, or £2.95 a pint. Food is microwaved but presented well. The Chilli is good, Lasagne basic, and the Garlic Dough balls rock hard and a waste of time. It tends to fill up in the evening with a lot of people eating alone: many people staying here seem to be tradesmen.5 minutes up the road is a McDonalds, a petrol station selling basics, and an off licence. There are also a couple of decent pubs.There is a large car park (£5 a night) but public transport is a bit of a problem: It takes about 45 minutes to walk to the nearest Underground Station, Gunnersbury: it's all the way up the road, left, then under the M4, and a further 10 minutes on the right. However there is an overground station just 30 minutes walk: Kew Bridge. It goes into Waterloo.Altogether, this is a much newer and more pleasantly sited Travelodge than the ones at Park Royal and Wembley, but it's a bit more of a hike on public transport.	
Jan 18 2009 	A good base from which tovisit Londons sites.	A great place to stay if you want to see London over a few days. the hotel is just over 1 mile from J2 of the M4 so is realy easy to drive to, plus you pass 2 petrol stations selling fuel at far cheaper prices than on the services.When you get to the hotel you can try and park on the side streets near by for free or pay £5 per 24 hours to park at the hotel. the hotel is on 5 floors with good sized rooms with showers but not a bath. however the bed we had was extra extra soft so watch out if you have a bad back. the hotel does have a restaurant, but if you walk over Kew bridge there are some realy nice ones.Getting into London is realy easy, its a 5 minute walk to kew bridge station (4 trains an hour on sat, 1 an hour on sun), or you can catch a bus from outside the hotel to Hammersmith and pick up the tube network from there.	
Oct 15 2008 	Travelodge more like Travelshodge!	Arrived at the hotel at 2300, following a 10 hour drive from Scotland to discover, although we had booked a room there were no rooms available. There were several other people in the same predicament. We were offered a taxi to another hotel. However, we had our dogs with us and therefore we had to go in our own car. Firstly, we were offered another hotel close by. I asked the duty manager, Hannah to ensure they would accept the dogs. She did not ask them on the phone and when I asked her she said they would accept the pets. To make sure, I asked her to call the hotel again and the hotel said they would not accept pets. We were then offered a travelodge hotel in Brentford and was informed it is a 'centre of excellence'. If this hotel is a centre of excellence I dread to think what the other hotels look like!We then travelled back to Kew and discovered another customer checking in at reception. When I questioned the receptionist about this I was informed, very rudely that this customer had arrived earlier in the day to guarantee a room. The customer arrived back at reception 2 minutes earlier to say that there was someone already in this room!With much persuausion we were eventually allocated a room (even though I had been informed there were no rooms left). The room was filthy. The toilet had not been cleaned and had faeces on the toilet seat and the duvet was covered in stains which looked like dried in vomit! I complained to the duty manager, re sending us to the 'centre of excellence' hotel and about the cleanliness of the room and she replied 'do not fuss with me'!Eventually, we were given a room in Heathrow terminal 5 for one night and we were informed we HAD to return back to Kew for the rest of our booking. I informed her we would not return to this filthy hotel and she said we had no other alternative but to return there the next day.Arrived at the heathrow hotel to find it was modern and reasonably clean. We were told the next day we did not have to return to Kew. Phew!! On the third night our keycard would not allow us access into the lift or to our room. I went to reception three times and eventually it worked. However, the room had been cleaned and they had changed the duvet cover with a cover which had stains on it and the bathroom sink was covered in pubic hairs. I went to reception to complain and the receptionist and duty manager informed me very bluntly that their policy is to change the duvet cover after the 4th night stay and therefore it must have been the duvet we had been using. They were both very rude and incorrect.We were allocated another 4 rooms and each room smelt badly, had stains on it and was not clean. When we were on our way to be shown another substandard room, the member of staff was talking to a colleague through a walkie talkie and we overheard them saying we were 'complainers' as we complained in Kew and to not give us another room. We ended up having a poor nights sleep on the sofa in the original room. We will never stay in Travleshodge again. The may be cheap, but even then it is not worth the money!	
Sep 10 2008 	As good as we expected for the money...	We stayed here last week for one night when visiting Kew Gardens for my fiance's birthday. We booked early and got the room for £29, which we thought was excellent for London. All in all the hotel was as I would expect for a travel lodge: no frills but clean, big enough room etc. My only criticism of the hotel itself (apart from the really soft bed!) was the staff. We didn't see anyone smile once, and the staff at breakfast made no effot to welcome us, explain how things worked, despite there being only one other person in the room. When we went up to the bar to ask if we could just help ourselves, the waitress held up a breakfast token, like the ones we had, to show us she needed to see them, without saying a word! I assumed this rudeness was because she didn't speak much English, but then later heard her talking to her colleague in an English accent, so speaking to guests had obviously been just too much effort for her!The hotel location was great for us - just off the M4, 15 min walk to Kew gardens, opposite the Thames and we found a lovely Carribean restaurant for dinner 5 mins away on Brentford Quay (Glistening Waters). We also managed to park for free on the side street outside, rather than paying the £5 hotel car park fee. We also found the hotel quiet.I'd stay again happily if going back to this area for some reason, as long as I could get the same excellent rate.	
Aug 28 2008 	"I don't have to justify that"	Travelodge management should be ashamed of themselves. They have the potential of assets in their staff, but through shabby policies, no training and a total disregard for the satisfaction of their customers they are alienating most of their share of the market. We arrived at 12.30 on the afternoon of our booking. Planning to head into central London to shop, eat and see a show, we told the receptionist that we were here and that we did not need our rooms or room keys, we just wished to ensure that if we returned at 11/11.30pm later that day there would still be a room. Names and booking references exchange, assurances made, we left. Fast forward to 1130pm - No rooms (we had booked and paid for two doubles). We were promised a speedy taxi to the nearest available lodge (Heathrow Term 5) and the receptionist advised that the taxi would take @ 15-20 minutes, but to have free drinks while we waited. An inattentive bar man mutely shrugged to any question we asked and we gave up and helped ourselves to cups of tea. Taxi arrived.....driver didn't know where he was going and took us to the terminal building. AN HOUR AND A HALF later we arrived. Checked in swiftly and fell into bed. Next morning arriving back at Kew at 0930 the receptionist advised us that we still hadn't got rooms.....despite many promises the night before that whatever time we arrived the following day we would be checked in. I know it doesn't make sense, we did know that the hotel couldn't miraculously magic us a room on a Sunday morning when it didn't have one the night before. The duty receptionist did suggest that last night's shift said it to get rid of us! Then when I asked her why she had assured us of our rooms and booking security the day before and we ended up being shipped out to elsewhere, she told me &quot;I don't have to justify that&quot; Funny, because I would have thought that the first responsibility of your job was to look after your customers and do what you say you are going to do. To be fair, I do think that she did her job and did it well. I think she was let down by careless handovers between shifts and no set procedures for booking people in. Anyway, we finally were allocated one of our two rooms at about 11am and when we returned at 6pm we got the second. The final Griswold (National Lampoons vacation reference, for those unfamiliar) moment was when at midnight; I could hear tapping on the door next door followed by my Dad's voice. Then tapping on ours. The muppets had only allocated other suckers to their room. Only my Mother's love of double locking every room she ever stays in saved them from the embarrassment (and terror in my Mother's case!) of Mr/S Sucker getting into the room. When they returned to reception Mr Reception frog-marched them back to the room to get to the bottom of it. This ended up with my naked hubby sticking his head around the door (in the style of a tortoise emerging from his shell) and suggesting that we discuss it in the morning, while Mr Reception continued to ask to see our original booking confirmation. God help any of us had their been a fire, because Fireman Sam and his mates wouldn't have been looking for us.......surely this is basic health and safety at the least. Anyway, if you like the sound of any adventure weekend, with a bit of sightseeing and confrontation - Go for it!	
Aug 25 2008	Good Location Design means Hotel can be Noisy	A clean hotel, with a good location. However, the hotel is L-shaped, with the front door of the hotel being near the crux of the L. As you can't smoke in any of the rooms, people congregate here to smoke and talk. They bring out drinks from the onsite bar and drink these here too. A group of young people attending a wedding were staying at the hotel when we were, and after the wedding ended, the came back to the hotel and spent several noisy hours outside in this location. The hotel manager did try to quieten them down several times, but was not sucessful. Unfortunately, the hotel has no air conditioning, and the night was sweltering, so we could not close our windows to the noise. If you stay, ask for a room facing the street to the side of the hotel. Should be quieter.	
Aug 14 2008	Good base	Just back from a trip to London where we stayed at this Travelodge. My only complaint is that the hotel was so hot and without air con, it was quite hard going!However, this is a typical Travelodge ie. clean, basic, everything you need, and at a fair price (we got a brilliant deal for £29). It is a 5 min walk from Kew Bridge SW Train service (30 min into Waterloo).I would stay there again if it suited what we wanted to do in the area.	
Jul 27 2008 	Give it a miss	Booked 1 night stay. Room generally unclean. We requested family room -when we pulled out the bed from under the settee it had not been changed since the previous occupantThe reception staff were rude.Room not air conditioned and on a hot July night with the window open the noise from traffic and aircraft made it impossible to sleep	
Jul 11 2008 	Good location and decent Travelodge - but a few negatives	Being a seasoned travelodger this hotel was prety much what I expected. Clean with the usual room layout and colours etc. What made it stand out was its excellent location to Kew Gardens just the other side of Kew bridge. Didnt try the hotel bar or restraunt (its not the reason you stay in a travelodge) ventured out for dinner in Richmond - a £2 one way ,10 min journey on the 65 bus that runs from just outside th hotel (65 bus also runs to Kew Gardens if you dont want to walk). There is a wide range of posh and relaxed food available in Richmond towns busy shopping area. It is also surprisingly nice at Kew Undgerground station - a few restraunts and cafes here as well in a quiet residential area with a very relaxed atmosphere. Also some bars and restraunts are just the other side of Kew Bridge. So Location is Great.On the down side the hotel lets itself down - Bathroom was a bit fusty because the fan did not work - shower curtain was stained - the bar ran out of whisky and beer the one night we decided to use it so we went to bed - Room 3 was a bit noisy from staff cleaning trolleys on a morning. But then this is a travleodge and I would stay here again because the price is good.	
Jun 30 2008 	Overpriced not value for money.	Queue on check in and despite having the confirmation of the internet booking on top of the reception, the receptionist asked me my name, how to spell it and had I paid for early check in. I had and suggested that she look at the confirmation on the desk in front of her.The room and bed was clean enough but the shower was covered in the previous guest's hairs. The shower head was also fixed and by no means was it a power shower in any shape or form. The breakfast buffet was ok. But on arrival 2 of the trays on the hot buffet were empty during the 30 or so minutes while we were there these were not replaced. The cost was £105.00 for a double room with breakfast and early check in. (£80. room only rate.) Not worth it unless on special offer.	
Jun 28 2008	Mmmm not really that good	I know that the location is really good and London area hotels are expensive, but this souless hotel left me cold. I've stayed in plenty ofTravelodges before but this time the economies were very obvious and they grated. No wardrobe doors, a bathroom so small you had mm between the toilet and and the door, one towel (had to ask at reception for a second), one block of soap the size of a custard cream.... I could go on. Two things that really irked were a window that didnt open more than 2 inches on a very hot night (I think this was in case you decided to throw yourself out of it) and having to use your key card to operate the lift (security measure to deter unwelcome guests, made you feel like being in a low secuirty prison). I know £80 is cheap for a room near the Capital, but it made me think of Butlins circa 1950, which I suppose these budget chain hotels are. The Premier Lodge down the road is better and worth the extra £12odd!	
Jun 15 2008 	Very large spacious family room	Very modern Travel Inn. Huge beds, very clean and staff really helpful. Handy for Kew Gardens. We drove there and parked across the road in public car park which is free Saturday night / all day Sunday. Limited underground car parking spaces which can cost £7.50 if there is room or £15.00 if there is no room in Travel Inn reserved spaces and you have to park elsewhere.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent crash pad	Stayed here on the night of my company's big summer party. Living outside London I wanted somewhere cheap by comfortable so I didn't have to disappear early in the evening to catch the last train home. Not stayed in a Travelodge for a while, but this was comfortable and clean. Easy to get to, particularly from Central London, and then a short walk from Kew Bridge station. Man behind reception on arrival was a bit grumpy and uncommunicative, but the woman the next morning was very pleasant and chirpy. Traffic noise was a bit of a problem, particularly first thing in the morning, and if its a warm night you'll need the window open as there's no air con. But overall, a good budget find, and if you book early better value for money than other Travelodges elsewhere in London.	
Jun 12 2008 	Computer Says No	Even with an armed siege happening right outside the hotel and the police preventing anyone from leaving the hotel the staff still blamed the computer for not allowing us to check in earlier than the 3pm check in time. However by 2.45pm the computer miraculously allowed us to check in!!!! Why lie to customers?	
Jun 5 2008	good base to explore central london from	Stayed for 2 nights, bargain at £29 a night, when booked well in advance.Good base to explore central london from.5 minute walk to kew station and 30 minutes into london.Check in staff not terribly helpful but room was fine.Clean and comfortable.20 minute walk to kew gardens.	
May 19 2008 	Cheap simple accomodation perfect if you are 3-4 on a budget	Stayed here one night in February, and they offer a simple good service that delivers just what it promises. For under 80£ its good value and one room can easy hold 4 people if you are on a budget. For business travelers it offers a good size desk and internet access. Parking is secure. All you need, no more, no less. There is nothing to do outside the hotel, its in the middle of nowhere, but there is nice Thai place and a McD just down the road. My problem with London hotels are the carpets and this was not any better. Sleep with the window open.	
May 19 2008 	Good value	I've stayed at this Travelodge several times on business and have no complaints. The staff have always been friendly and helpful and the rooms clean, tidy and modern. The bar and restaurant are ok, but we tend to eat out in the evening. There's an excellent Thai resteraunt about five minutes walk away, turn right outside the hotel and it's just past the Premier Inn. The underground car park and open air car park are very handy. It's now Pay and Display, but reception staff are happy to provide change. The charge is £5 for 24 hours. Two small things, there was no bath, but I didn't request one! and I do wish that Travelodge and Ibis would wise up, spend a small amount of money and put hairdryers in their rooms.	
Apr 9 2008	dont bother	this hotel is dirty the staff are unhelpful if you say the food is not good the will not serve you any more for the lenth of your stay even if it is one person out of a group of 18 they bar had run dry and they wiuld not stock up any of the pumps they ran out of coke so went to the super market round the courner and bought botttles for 1.45 and charged 1.95 for a glass they never changed the bed linnen or towels in our stay and we were their 4 nights they allways ran out of food at breakfast and watch out for the rats out side the hotel in the raised flower beds you only get one key card we loved london stay away from the hotel	
Feb 21 2008 	Luck of the draw	We arrived at 2.45p.m. and asked to check in but told by very grumpy staff we would have to pay a £10.00 charge because it was before 3.00 p.m.The 1st thing we saw as we entered the room was a large hole in the net curtain otherwise the room looked ok but the bathroom was awful the plug hole was full of hair but the worst thing was the shower curtain smelled very strongly of damp. When the traffic noise outside died down we could hear a humming noise and on further investigation found a vent on the ouside of the building directly below the room.Moved to 4th floor room which was much cleaner and generally in better state of repair.	
Feb 11 2008 	Most impressed	I stayed here for two nights with friends, and I didn't choose the hotel but wasn't expecting much. I was therefore pleasantly surprised to find it appears to be a brand new Travelodge with bar and restaurant, and also a a secure underground carpark.The rooms we had were clean, modern and had everything I needed (with the exception of a hairdryer). For £29 a night, you simply couldn't fault it! We paid for the hot and cold buffet breakfast on both mornings and it was great value for money.Location wise, the hotel is a 10 minute walk to Kew Bridge station (and from there 30 minutes to Waterloo) and a 20 minute walk to Kew Gardens, or 10 minutes on the bus into Richmond. In my experience, Travelodges tend to be a bit hit and miss, but this is a great one both in terms of the hotel itself and the location. I can highly recommend it!	
Feb 4 2008 	Great location but inconsistent with service	This hotel is in a great location between Kew Bridge and Brentford. Nothing much going on in Brentford but gives easy access to get into London, onto the M4, Chiswick &amp; Richmond.Buses stop just outside and Chiswick is about 15 minutes walk or 5-10 minutes by bus. 15-20 minutes bus ride is Richmond. A 20 minute direct train into Waterloo leaves every 15 minutes from Kew Bridge. 5 minutes walk away.South Ealing is the closest tube and a bus will take you right to the door of the hotel. Boston Manor is not near at all. Kew Bridge tube is also a good 20 minutes walk away. Restaurants and bars are poor around Brentford - McDonalds is close by and the Thai restaurant is good. I've never eaten in the lodge's restuarant. Premier Travel Inn is just down the road and the rooms have air conditioning which in the Travelodge they don't. Windows will only open a few inches and in the summer the rooms are like saunas. This was often a complaint from customers during hot nights in the summer. Holiday Inn Express by the canal at Brentford is very nice and more of a business hotel - like the Premier have well decorated rooms and air conditioning. The bar and restaurant is also very good here.The rooms in the Travelodge are functional and clean. Some have baths and others don't - request a room with a bath if needed. If you are a non-smoker watch out if you arrive late as the hotel will check you into a smoking room and there is a strong smell of smoke. Disabled rooms are available and are spacious. The staff would often try and book me into one which wasn't a preference. Family rooms are good and have a comfortable sofa - I would request these rooms at check-inat no additional cost and request a front room facing the Thames. Ground floor rooms are closer to traffic noise and main entrance. There is a small seating area at the main reception and a microwave is available. Somerfields is about a 5 minute walk away. The Travelodge appears to suck all the goodness out of new recruits who start very enthused and gradually lose all motivation and acceptable behaviour when serving customers. I have witnessed many arguments directed by staff at reception to customers and a general stressed or unenthused manner.Check-in can take a long time and there is never enough staff on. I have experienced reservation problems where there has been no booking - only to be found on a different system at the main reservation call centre! The staff have a transactional approach to service and don't expect any kind of recognition if you have stayed there previously - I never did and they don't enter into any kind of rapport building. Overall - they do their job ok andit is noticeable when someone is in a good mood or is motivated as they have just started. Breakfast is inconsistent as it will sometimes be left outside your door and other it won't. There was times that they ran out of breakfasts and would not offer a sandwich as an alternative.For easy London access, Kew Gardens, Chiswick and Richmond this hotel is ideal but expect to get the bare minimum around service when staying there.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great for London if you're driving to the capital	One of the more modern Travel Lodges and always had good rooms when staying here. Situated just by the end of the M4, it is ideal for driving to London and dumping your car then using the bus, tube or train during your stay. Chiswick is a short hop away, with a few underground stations and plenty of pubs/bars/restaurants...and a few familiar faces off the telly if you keep your eyes open! The hotel itself has an underground carpark and also outside parking. There is an onsite restaurant although I have never used it. Staff always been pleasant. There is a Sainsbury's in Chiswick and a small Tesco which stays open late on the Chiswick High Road. If you are driving to London then Kew Bridge is outside of the Congestion Zone.	
Dec 16 2007	Some problems	Travelodge Kew is quite a distance from central London, i got the tube to Boston Manor and then a taxi which cost £6.00 takes about 1hr so not ideal if travelling with children. The hotel charges £10.00 for early check in I arrived at 2pm and they wanted to charge me £10.00 even though my room was ready but if i waited till 2.30pm there would be no charge - I waited. Car parking is £5.00 per day. I was staying on my own and there are no phones in the rooms on the second night there was arguing, shouting and banging on doors in the corridor outside my room I had no way to contact reception and felt very vulnerable. Travelodge do not display the hotel phone numbers anywhere so could not contact them from my mobile. Although the price charged is cheaper than more central hotels the extra costs and time taken to travel out to kew bridge outways the savings.	
Oct 14 2007 	Rather good	The room was very good and spacious, free upgrade to family room on net. Try and book each night separately to get the best deal.Basic clean room, only a tiny bit of of soap is supplied so bring your own shower stuff. The barrier for the car park was left open so we didn't pay. Some of the stafff are very laid back. Good bus network outside the door and excellent position for visit to Kew, Richmond and Hampton Court and great walks by the Thames. The area nearby to eat is a bit dodgy, a macdonalds is very close ! Went to a great pub in Kew Green and went to Richmond on the bus. The only problem was some youths on the saturday night hanging around outside kept waking us up. Took us over an hour to get to central london but this hotel is great value for money with great links to the M40.So would great for use with the car.	
Aug 23 2007 	It's a Travelodge	I don't usually review Travelodges as I stay at a lot through work and, essentially, they are all the same. This one was worthy of note though because of the staff.I arrived late and was given a smoking room after booking a non-smoking...Not a good start...then they key wouldn't work...twice..and a master key had to be used.In the end, I got in and went to bed. Next morning, I was presented with a free breakfast voucher and not charged for my overnight parking.I suppose, I would have got these concessions if I had made a scene and complained, but it was a pleasant surprise to get them without prompting and as an acknowledgement that there had been problems with my stay.Congratulations to the staff on duty.	
Aug 5 2007 	A good find	This travelodge was a really good find. Like most Travelodges, the family room (2 of us) was spacious and clean.The location was perfect for us. We wanted to be in easy reach of London, but be out of the rush and to have a decent, but reasonably priced place to stay.The staff were helpful and although we paid a bit more for transport to get anywhere, the No 65 bus came past the front door every 10 minutes or so (and I think, runs all night). We took this in one direction to get to the South Ealing tube station to get to London and in the other direction to get to the Kew Gardens main gate. With an Oyster card, each trip cost £1.The room had a window looking out on the Thames and a corner of Kew Palace, in the Gardens. I wish we were allowed to open the window a bit more, though... 'health and safety rules' they said.The hotel cafe/bar was not cheap and had the feel of a hospital canteen, so we chose not to eat there and found pubs in Richmond (a short bus trip away) and a nearby Somerfields (a longish walk) to feed ourselves.	
Jul 16 2007	good value travelodge	Another good value travelodge.Everything nice and clean.Helpful staff.We were going to Twickenham, and got a bus outside the travelodge, and walked back - it was a long walk but not a problem.It also has a very nice bar.	
Jun 19 2007 	Bad check-in staff	Room was OK. Problem was the first member of check-in staff we had to deal with was rude and un-cooperative.We arrived by train and had our bags. Tried to check in early (12.10) and were greeted by shrugs and '3 o'clock is check-in time'. I know it's not always possible to check in early, but for no rooms to be available, it would have had to have been full the night before, and it didn't look like it. Asked to leave our bags and she said we couldn't because the police had told them not to. This seemed odd as we'd been in a hotel in central London the day before, and there'd been no problem there, so we were out on the streets again for over an hour.The second member of check-in staff couldn't have been more pleasant, though!	
May 26 2007 	Travelodge Kew Gardens London	Room was clean, everything in good working order, adequate facilities, staff was friendly and helpful. Great location, about a 30 minute walk to Kew Gardens. I would definitely stay there again!	
May 14 2007 	Great hotel	This is my second stay in this travel lodge and I could not fault it. The fist being for one night on 6th August 2006 and this time for 2 nights on the 4th and 5th of May 2007.I stayed in a family room and it was large with a sofa and very clean.There is a bus stop right outside and the buses run 24 hrs with a ticket to Richmond station cost £2 and from there we got the tube into the centre of London.Tea and coffee refilled both days and all you can eat breakfast, including cereal, bacon sausage, scrambled eggs, hash browns, tea coffee juice etc, was excellent and only £7.50I would definitely stay here again.	
May 9 2007 	Can Recommend this Travelodge	Just returned from one night stay and it was all good. Price £26 for room, 2nd floor with Thames view. Car park if required. We parked on roadside free. Clean, comfortable and quiet in pleasant location. Breakfast very, very filling and lasted all day!! If wet go to Butterfly House at Syon Park especially if you have children. Other things of interest to all there too, Aviary, &quot;bugs&quot; and large gardens/house and garden centre all very close by. Easy access to London. Richmond deer park a short journey away by car - cheap day out. Will stay at this location again and visit Kew Gardens.	
Apr 19 2007 	An excellent London base	We stayed here for 3 nights over Easter and thought it an ideal base for visting London, offering excellent value for money. We booked on-line (£49 a night) and had no problems with our booking on arrival. All the staff we came into contact with were very friendly and went out of their way to help. Check-in was quick and the room was clean and spacious. Our room was at the side of the building and we had a good view of the Church and the Thames. Another plus is that there is on-site parking, which is very secure and reasonably priced. There is a cafe/bar, which we didn't sample as we were out for much of the time, but it looked ok with averge prices. Transport links to central London were excellent by both train and tube. We spent the days sightseeing in London, then returned by tube to Kew in the evenings. Kew Green is an attractive, fairly upmarket part of London with a number of good pubs and restaurants to sample, plus a deli and a Tesco Express. All in all we spent a very enjoyable few days in London and would not hesitate to stay at this Travelodge again.	
Apr 13 2007 	Ideal to see the sights of London	Booked the travel lodge on line for £49 per night for a family of four. Rooms were very nice and clean. The pull out bed was ideal for my two children. We stayed on 4th floor over looking the Thames. Secure Car park, cost £5 per day. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful.Nearest tube was at Gunnesbury which is about 10 mins walk away. Direct route into Centre of London on the district line. Not a lot to do in the evening especially as we have 2 children and were a little bored. Drove to Ealing which is not far away and had a meal at Caffe Uno. There is a Bar and Restaurant in the hotel.Would recommend to anyone, ideal location.	
Mar 16 2007 	Mixed reviews from family of 5	We booked 2 rooms and were given rooms on the top floor. We stayed for 4 nights and were looking forward to saving money by staying in this hotel chain. Here are the positives-the price, fairly clean, and quiet. Our teen girls had a room across the hall and they could open their window so it was more comfortable for sleeping. We went to the train each am and spent the day touring London. We felt fairly safe walking back and forth to the station. The negatives-way too hot on second floor, bad ventilation in our room. We could only open the window a crack and when we asked for a fan the staff stated the fans were only for rooms on the opposite side of the hall, Furthermore, they ran out. We barely slept some nights because it was so HOT and stuffy. The couch for our youngest was hard and uncomfortable. It is a bit far from the train and the neighborhood has seen better days. We asked to stay on the water side to see the Thames which is how it is advertised, however, the view was a huge disappointed. The water is an offshoot of the Thames and most of the time you are looking at MUD.Would we return? Unlikely and only if we stayed on a lower floor and NOT facing the water in the summer.	
Feb 14 2007	Superb value	We stayed for 1 night on a 10 pound offer. The room was typical of the chain (basic, but reasonably sized, clean and cheap) and we normally don't look for more than that in a hotel room. At 10, 26, or even 49 pound per night this room would be an excellent value in London. Also a handy location for Heathrow, though the walk to the tube station was a little bit longer than expected. At the right price, it would also be a good base for an extended London visit for those on a budget...just get a travel card.	
Jan 4 2007 	Clean Great Loacation secure parking	We stayed 3 nights at travelodge Kew bridge as it was great location for Heathrow and also only 25 minute train ride to Waterloo. Clean, spacious rooms, cot provided on request, secure parking provided free of charge. Highly recommend	
Dec 25 2006 	First time budget	Recently I spent two nights in London just before Xmas. Booked a double room with en-suite (shower only). Arrived at Kew Bridge rail station then a ten minute walk to the Hotel. Very easy to find. Got there at 13.00hrs which is two hours before check in. Unfortunatly a room was not ready (due to time of year maybe) but the receptionist was very apologetic. After a few drinks in a Brentford cafe i returned at 14.30 and my room was ready. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was a decent size and was clean. The bathroom, although small, was functional with a good shower. There was a small kettle and two mugs/spoons with tea bags etc replaced daily though you can get more from reception if you wish. Two towels supplied and again, changed daily. There was a small tele which had the usual channels with more available at a cost of £6 daily. Internet access was also available.My stay was very enjoyable. I felt very secure and the passcard system used to gain access to the rooms/lift made leaving valuables in my room less of a worry. The reception is manned 24hrs/day. All the staff i met were very helpful and polite.I highly recommend this hotel even if travelling by foot like myself.	
Aug 9 2006	It's a Travelodge - what do you expect?	It's a Travelodge. That means it's &quot;no frills&quot;. It means it's clean, cheap and got a comfy bed. And not a lot more. The company sets great store about advertising what it doesnt give you as a customer. We don't give you little bottles of shower gel. We don't give you more than two towels. We don't give you more that two pillows. But we don't charge you much either. I got three nights for £26 a night (normal rate is around £56). Fantastic bargain. Even though they then add £5 a night car parking. That's for the room (which would sleep four) not per person, of course. Reception sells breakfasty things like juice, muffins, croissants - but you'll get a far better breakfast by walking the few minutes to the cafe at Kew Bridge. Several restaurants over the Bridge around Kew Green and a few more in the Ferry Lane area of Brentford (turn tight out of the hotel and about a 10 minute walk). I booked there as it was fairly close to the National Archives, where I was doing some research. It'd take about 30 minutes to walk, but I drove because I'm lazy!.John	
Jun 8 2006	a great base	Like most travelodges this is basic and no frills, that being said it is clean, the rooms are large, and bedding, towels, bathroom etc all perfectly adequate. Parking was £5 for 24 hours which we felt was great. The whole hotel felt secure. The breakfast is delivered to ones door in a bag for £4 or you can buy fruit croissants etc from reception and eat at the pleasant tables there. Staff vary from fantastic to ok. A short walk over the Bridge is the area of Kew, and Kew green is delightful - very old England. The local pubs are really nice - we ate at 'The Rose and Crown' which was super(nice Pimms) and played cricket on Kew green with our young son. Kew gardens are just off the green and well worth a visit - food and drinks are not cheap but a picnic is a good alternative. Take the tour - hop on and off all day for a few pounds. All in all we would definately use this place again.	
Apr 24 2006	OK for a tenner!	We stayed here just for a night prior to visiting the gardens. The location is fine and it's handy that there is a car park underneath. However, there seemed to be no information on how to use the lift up from the car park. We used the intercom to announce our arrival and the door into the lift lobby was opened, but a pass card was necessary to operate the lift. Luckily another guest with a card was in the lift already. We too had to ask for pillows and more towels as only one set had been left. The next morning, when I asked about the lift, we were told we couldn't go down that way once we had checked out. Then, someone leaving the car park before us couldn't get out through the barrier, and when we alerted reception, they were very off hand. In fact, the staff were generally off hand and not the usual helpful sort we have encountered at other travel lodges. Basically, it was fine for the bargain price of £10, but I would have been rather upset had we paid the full amount. Just a couple of explanatory notices about the lift and car park would have saved a lot of confusion. Also, we had to drink our evening wine out of mugs as there were no glasses in the room!	
Mar 13 2006	Good Location Very Good Room Friendly Staff		
Feb 19 2006	very basic accommodation		
Feb 16 2006	Fantastic Travelodge		
Oct 14 2005	Another successful stay..		
Aug 10 2005	excellent family hotel		
Jul 17 2005	Handy for Kew Gardens		
May 17 2005 	DO note stay here!!!!		
Apr 13 2005	Terrific value		
Nov 12 2004	For visitors with car		
Jun 3 2004	very good no-frills hotel		
Nov 7 2009	Einfach toll...		
Jul 4 2007 	Preiswert sauber gute Lage leider etwas laute Strasse		
