Nov 6 2009 	what a huge let down	Booked this hotel a night before we arrived as we were arriving early morning &amp; wanted to go straight to the hotel. We were both very disappointed with the room, very old fashioned with a terrible orange coloured cover of some sort on the bed. Very small with no where to put suitcases out of the way. Then there was the bathroom! I wondered where a funny smell had been coming from &amp; here it was, smelt like old urine. Very dingy bathroom with no where to put toiletries. Within 10 minutes we decided we could not stay here for the 2 nights so went to check out (after hubby found another hotel down the road). The receptionist could have cared less &amp; said nothing to us but gladly took our money for the 3 nights. We later realised we should have only paid for 2 after reading their policy so went back. The receptionist had to get the manager who seemed a lot more concerned &amp; offered us another room, of which we declined. Our 1 night was refunded.	
Oct 29 2009 	Quiet and friendly	After travelling for 5 weeks, we found Maranton House Hotel very easily from Earl's Court station and the staff were hard working, relaxed and very helpful. The position of Maranton made it easy to travel on the tube around London and then travel on the tube so easily, to the airport. The heating was great. The bathroom was large enough to move around. We worked out how to flush the toilet after a few goes. The towels were thick enough and dried over night. The bed was comfortable. Tea and coffee was available in our room. We never heard guests walk around the building while we were in our room. The continental breakfast (5pounds) was cheaper than buying breakfast at the local bakery. There were plenty of pubs and resturants offering lots of yummy options.This was a really good base to use while madly sightseeing around London.It's not fancy and was a good base for our 5 day stay.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good Standard	If you want to stay at a reasonable hotel; no frills, but clean and welcoming; then this is the place for you. Good location. Quiet, and a reasonable price.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent service and super clean hotel	On my first glance of the room (which was dated and small) I wasn't too impressed. BUT, you could not fault the service (the owner COULD NOT have been more polite, helpful or accomodating,) the cleanliness (not a speck of dirt in the reception, stairs, bathrooms, etc,) the location (one minute walk to Earls Court with all its tube lines running throughout London,) and the breakfast (which was already included in the ridiculously CHEAP price of the room.) I booked the room for my aunt and her friend who were visiting from Canada. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone who wants an inexpensive clean, friendly hotel in the center of London. It proved an excellent choice and one which I will use again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Bar what Bar	When looking for a hotel for our short stay in London, I looked for Access to the underground system, VERY GOOD, A decent sized and clean room with good facilities CLEAN WITH THE SMALLEST TV AND NO RADIO WHICH IS ADVERTISED.A good breakfast, THE CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST WAS ADEQUATE.A bar as I like to settle down to a couple of drinks after doing the tourist thing akll day, I SELECTED THIS HOTEL BECAUSE IT'S WEB PAGE SHOES A LOVELY PHOTO OF THE BAR WHICH IS ADVERTISED ON THIS SITE, THERE IS NO BAR OR SHOULD I SAY THE BAR IS THERE WITH THE BEER PUMPS ETC FITTED , BUT NOT IN USE.All in all I would not advise anyone to go to this hotel, there are many better available.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good location not so good hotel	I booked this hotel for one night to take my girlfriend away for her birthday. After being told we could check in around 1, we arrived and were told the room would be ready for about 2. We left our bags and went to explore with no problems.We finally checked i about 6 and headed up to find a large room with a double bed, well when i say a double bed, it was actually 2 singles pushed together, which were very uncomfortable. The room was very dated, with the bathroom looking like it was from the 1970's. We started to get ready to go out for a meal, needing to have a shower. With no hot water this is very difficult. I rang reception and the man informed us it would take 30 minutes to heat the boiler up. Not a good start. On closer inspection of the bathroom we noticed the ceiling had mould growing on it, and the door onto the supposed balcony had a huge gap between door and frame, good job it was not cold outside. After a long and uncomfortable nights sleep we checked out. The man on reception was not interested in the problems with the room and after comlpaining for around 10 minutes he said he could knock £10 off the room. Will not be returning to this hotel at all.	
Apr 6 2009 	Not bad GREAT location	My bf and I came back from London 3 days ago. We've stayed in Maranton House for 4 nights. Having seen the pictures from the website, we were rather disappointed when we first arrived as our room looks aged and the shower door wont shut. Arrived at 3pm, had no problems checking in as we had made our reservation, settled in and off we go to our shopping spree.Upon returning at 10pm at night, to our surprise the shower head couldnt stay up so we had to hold the shower head throughout the shower. The water pressure was also quite low and the person at the reception had told us on our arrival that their water tank had just been cleaned so it may take a couple of hours for the water to refill but this problem preceeded until the end of our stay and we couldnt be bothered to &quot;make another complain&quot;.I would advise to not opt for breakfast as it was very disappointing, we took ours off after the first morning and decided to look elsewhere for breakfast. The location is absoulutely brilliant, there is a Marks &amp; Spencer simply food just a min walk away and loads of others less than 3mins walk away, such as KFC, Burger King, Nandos and bakeries as well. Not to mention the tube is just a mere 2 mins walk away. Hotel itself was slightly disappointing as we might have expected too much from the price that we got at £70 per night at such great location. Having breakfast taken off the price, we felt that it was more worth the price at £64 per night. Having said these, if we are to go to London again, this hotel will be one of our top choices for its location. Earl's Court tube station is absoulutely fantastic for visitors as it is an interchange station for the district and picadilly lines which gets you to most of the tourist places like tower hill, leicester square, museums and such. Very very convinient! Hotel staffs are very very helpful and friendly, definately a 5* service from them.	
Mar 26 2009 	Good Location and typical English-style hotel	First of all the location is really good. It is close to Earls Court Tube Station and by Earls Court Road, full of bars, pubs and every kind of restaurant. The hotel is nothing special, but our room was quite large, according to London standards. Our bed was very very small; it wasn't absolutely a double but probably a queen size bed. Do not waste time and money on breakfast, it was the poorest breakfast I've ever had in England. On Earls Court Road there are plenty of nice places where have good breakfast.	
Mar 24 2009 	A charming hotel in a great location	I booked this hotel after reading the great reviews and was not disappointed. A fantastic location for exploring London. We had room only so I cant comment on the breakfast but the staff were excellent. Our room was lovely - small but charming and we had a balcony overlooking the garden square. I would definitely recomend this hotel	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Hotel	Very good value for money. Nice, clean and spacious rooms. I stayed here for a wedding and it was a great central location. Very easy to get around and into the centre of town.	
Feb 16 2009 	London's Perfect Jewel	I've spent the past few summers staying at this lovely, intimate hotel near Earl's Court Tube station. It is owned and operated by a family. Beautiful setting (facing a park); ultra-convenient to the Tube (District and Piccadilly Lines); nice comfortable rooms (10 and 14 foot ceilings depending upon the room)..... everything and more than you would expect in a nice hotel in London, except that (fortunately) the room rates are very reasonable. This just has to be one of the best deals in London -- I'm heading back there in July (2009) for my sixth consecutive summer at the Maranton House. Terry, Atlanta, Georgia.	
Feb 13 2009 	I yust can recommend this hotel	My impresions of the Maraton Hous Hotel are all good:Best service and the rooms a fantastic.The ambiance is amazing ! So i can just recommend this hotel to everybody.Best wishes Volker	
Feb 12 2009 	Maranton House always a pleasure	I had first visited Maranton House back in 2000 on a friends recommendation and have not looked back since. I have traveled to London often with my last visit in March 08 and have received a genuine friendly welcome from the staff every time. It's a great little family run hotel that makes you feel at ease and comfortable straight away (not something you experience often in a city such as London). The rooms are spacious in comparison to many other hotels I have stayed at in London and have all the little luxuries at hand. They also serve a breakfast for a convenient start to the mornings especially when in a hurry. The location is very handy as public transport is across the road and within reach to all the best spots weather it was the tourist walk around Kensington, shopping or business. I will be back again on my next visit and have recommended it to friends who have all enjoyed their stay.	
Feb 11 2009	best of the best	I visited London for about 14 times, but since the year 2000 I use to book my stay at the Maranton Hotel. Since my 1st visit to the Maranton Hotel in London I have been trying to change it but I could not always I feel like I am at home this is due to the attractive hospitality that I use to get when I am there.Really when ever I arrived to the Maranton I feel like I am home.Well organized and clean rooms, nice owners and employees, all what you need in one place, perfect location near the tube and down town as well, in front of a beautiful garden with a clean street.Safe hotel for me and my family as well.Khaled taher - Egypt	
Feb 11 2009 	I'm coming back!	Since it was my first stay in London, I've really liked it cause The Tube station is very close to the hotel, so you can't miss it... its located in beautiful part of London, Kensington which is just breathe taking...the rooms are clean, very cozy , nicely decorated which means that the price/value is justified.The Hotel personnel are very friendly and helpful and I'm glad I've met them..I recommend this hotel to everyone who wants to spend quality time in London... I know one thing for sure, I'm coming back to The Maranton House Hotel again next time...	
Feb 10 2009 	A lovely place to stay	Having stayed in several places in the wider area I am a regular guest for over six years now. The rooms are lovely done and the high-quality beds give you a good night's sleep in quiet surroundings. The staff is always friendly, very helpful and accommodates your wishes. In the immediate surroundings you will find good restaurants, decent pubs and also a supermarket.Its central location and nearby tube station help both on business and leisure trips. I have recommended Maranton House to colleagues and family who are already returning guests as well.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very disappointing	I have used TripAdvisor many times when booking hotels - and it has never let me down... until now !This hotel was very disappointing - the rooms were poor.Uncomfortable (old) bedsRock hard pillowsRubbish TVShower was dreadfulPoor breakfastOverpriced.On this review page, I am asked if I would recommend this hotel to my best friend... my answer is 'No Way!'My advice to you - avoid !	
Dec 17 2008 	nice place to stay in london	it's a comfortable, nice and quiet hotel (exept for a little midnight chats depending from the close young hostels) stayed there 3 times during the last 6 months for an amount of +15 days. satisfied about location (few steps far from tube station) and not expensive at all. 'i've obviously suggested it to friends.if i have to say something to enhance, well... i missed orange jam and fresh milk at breakfast.patrizio (rome, italy)	
Nov 10 2008 	expected more for the price ...	This hotel is OK but you can find better for the price in London, it's a B&amp;B and not a hotel by the way. Problems : rooms very cold, breakfast very very basic, didn't not offer full english and only serve from 8 to 9:30 so we couldn't get any food on monday morning as we had to leave at 8.TV is small and very old and only a few channels and very bad reception. Not all rooms have been redecorated. my mother's room didn't have a bedside lamp working and the TV didn't have a remote. + : good location though, quite a few restaurants nearby.the guy at reception is quite helpful.the website is a bit misleading cos it shows very nice rooms but i was in room 14 and it wasn't very nice like on the website.	
Oct 30 2008	Just perfect	We have stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and cannot say anything bad about it (maybe it was a bit colder in the rooms, but London got snow in October). It was 24 of us and we just had great time. The location is great- less then 5 minutes to Underground station- Earl's Court, safe walking even later at night, shops, post office...The hotel was nice and clean, the breakfest was sufficient and good (croissant, coffe/tea, toasts, ham, cheese, jam, butter...). The staff was more then helpful and it really was a pleasure to stay there. I recommend it to everyone going to London and looking for budget accomodation. judita	
Oct 27 2008	The lovely Maranton House	I recently stayed at the Maranton House. First of all the location was great, as it was a central and transport is very close to the hotel. This hotel suited exactly what i hoped for, professional service and a product to match. The room was confortable, breakfast tasty and was always met with a big smile from the lovely gentlemen at the front desk. I usually stay at larger hotels but thought i would give a smaller property a try this time, and The Maranton House did not disappoint. Will definately be returning in the future.	
Oct 25 2008 	Will never stay anywhere else when visiting London	I have stayed at this hotel a large number of times, and always enjoy staying there. The whole area is probably from the last part of 1800. The rooms, even the smallest, are large compared to rooms in other London hotels I have stayed at, in comparable price range. The rooms are tasteful in a way which makes them feel more like the guest room in a friend's house than a hotel room. The members of the staff are very helpful and friendly. The location is extremely good. The neighbourhood is quiet and definitely upper-class. Across the road is a large private, members-only garden for the permanent residents of the buildings surrounding the park. I can also mention that the Norwegian Crownprince and his family chose a house two blocks away, on a similar park, when they spent a year living in London. However, only minutes from the hotel, when you turn a corner, you find a completely different world; a lively commercial street with banks, postoffice, underground station, a large variety of restaurants and bars, a gourmet supermarket etc. There are only about 15 rooms total, so early reservation is recommended. A few negative aspects: There is no elevator, few rooms on each floor, which means that you might have to climb many steps before reaching your room. The breakfast selection is limited, but alternative breakfast places are near by. Like in every hotel in the UK, the bathroom is like a fridge in winter. But on the whole this hotel is highly recommended.	
Oct 24 2008	Loved the omnl	Date Febrary 24th-4th March ,I have stayed in a Single room it was so lovely.Very nice service.But breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses.fruit pastries etc.I like all people who are working in Matamton HotelDate 4th-11th July Double roomWe were happy to come again in Maranton HotelVery good location from Chelsia Harbour (were are working)Date 20th-28th SeptemberWe ae back Maranton Hotel,like back homeThe staff met us very friendly and help us every time!Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and our busseness trip!	
Oct 24 2008 	Lovely family hotel	I have recently stayed a week in this charming hotel in London and have found it very welcoming place to stay. It is exactly what it says on their website, a small family hotel. I found the staff to be most helpful and manager truly insured that we had whatever we needed. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated, and are made up on daily basis. We have breakfast included with our stay, which was served in a warm dining room. The food was plentiful. The hotel is positioned wonderfully. It is well connected by underground and it is very central. The local high street with local cafes and bar is only minutes away.Maranton House is a lovely small hotel and I will definitely stay there again. Reading some of the negative reviews really surprises me, but some people expect so much for as little money as possible. The hotel is excellent value, and for a centrally located hotel at this price is an excellent choice for anyone who is not looking for a 5* hotel.	
Oct 16 2008 	Very Poor	We book this hotel through easytobook.com (which I’d used before) for a 4 night stay, but when we arrived at the hotel we were told that there was no reservation for us but the man at reception (wearing tracksuit and t-shirt) informed us that he would do us a favour as he had a room. When we got to our room it was a good size, had a lovely view, decor was out dated but we didn't mind that, there was a strong smell of damp which i didn't like but could have lived with but when we checked the bathroom the shower was dirty, we went to make tea and found the cups dirty, when my partner went to reception to ask if the bathroom could be cleaned and fresh cups provided we were told the cleaning staff were gone home and would not be back until 3pm the following day! when my partner questioned this, she was told &quot;well what do you want me to do about it&quot; in a very rude manner. We left the hotel, went down the street and were luck enough to find a friendly, very clean hotel that had availability so we moved and enjoyed the rest of our stay. On leaving the maranton the receptionist wanted to charge for the first night, but i protested and to be fair no charges were ever taken.	
Oct 7 2008 	Overpriced pretentious excellent location	I've learned that hotels in London not only are overpiced, but also pretend what they are not.Got a 'september special price' twin 'with no view' for 71 pnds (that's around $140). We stayed for one night, which was enough.What we found: The hotel is ok, more like a 'bread and breakfast very close to Earl's Court Tube Station (see following reviews), in a decent, quiet neighborhood. It's in one of those typical Londow rowhouses; the common area looks very nice, a little bit tacky decoration, but ok. The young guy at the desk was cordial, but reluctantly showed us the door to our room when we couldn't find our way down a set of steep stairs...to the basement!!!Yes, we got a moldy, dark, warm room at the very basement of the building, among the storage rooms. Where were the ' all luxurious, beautifully designed rooms', with the '30 channel tv', 'selection of teas/coffees and biscuits'? Not this one.The cons:The room was a small narrow place dominated by the two twin beds, with no space for unpacking or moving. The bathroom was by contrast 'spacier'. It even had a bidet.The window, which was below the street didn't stay open, which was needed for refreshing the room; you had to hold it with a stick conveniently left by someone beside the tv; the phone book worked better. The 'selection of coffees and teas' was one packet of tea, one of coffee. The biscuits were a packet of 4.The bathroom was all moldy, had no air circulation. The linen had seen better days (not dirty, but with holes and iron scorch marks), as had the furniture. The micro tv didn't work (we complained about the tv, but the guy would not do anything about it, we had to speak to the manager next day).The pros:Toiletries (shampoo and soap), enough clean towels, good water pressure. The shower was good size, had strange controls for the water, but worked very well. The toilet worked fine. The carpet and the bed covers were recent, not stained nor dirty.I never saw whatever is displayed at their website [-].It's ok for one night, but would not recommend it or stay there again.	
Oct 7 2008 	Little room and roaches	We booked a twin room but were given initially a double (very small) bed room with a fold-out bed on the floor, given the room was tiny, this made thing very uncomfortable. It appears they only have a couple of twin rooms, and these were currently occupied, so it was a three day wait to move into a room we should have had from the start. No mention of compensation, not even a free breakfast.Next room was larger, but the bathroom was occupied by a group of cockroaches.The hotel staff were OK. We didn't eat there so no comment on the breakfast. The room we got overlooked a back lane, not great. Location, I've stayed in the area previously and like it a lot. good restaurant and pub choices, close to the tube station and bus stops, walking option to the museums, Harrods area shopping and parks. Area seems busy and safe.Note the hotel does not have a lift and it has 5 or 6 floors, not recommended for the unfit.The hotel needs to get its act together, it feels neglected, but so too do many hotels in this price range.I don't think I'd stay there again.	
Oct 7 2008 	Very good budget London hotel	I booked this hotel for a one night stay, to stay there following a West End show at the end of September. The Hotel is about a minute and a half walk (if that) to Earls Court tube station, and is therefore ideally placed for central London. It takes about 10 minutes to central London, on the Picadilly line.The Hotel is very easy to find. From Earls Court tube, take the exit to Earls court road (not the exhibition centre). Turn right out of the station and take the second road on the left- Barkston Gardens. The hotel is on the left after about 100 yards. The hotel itself is nicely presented (from what we saw) and the man on reception is very friendly and helpful. Our room was number 6, which is right next to reception, meaning we did not actually venture into the rest of the hotel. The room was large for London, and a good size compared to out of city rooms too. There was plenty of space to keep a large suitcase and lots of storage should you need it. If you look at the Maranton website (http://www.marantonhousehotel.com/) it will give you a good idea of the rooms.The bedding was fresh, however the carpet was looking a bit old and would benefit from a really good vacuum or clean. The bathroom was fitted into a strange shaped space, and was slightly awkward to manouvre around, however it was clean and fresh towels were provided. The hotel next door is being renovated currently, and loud banging woke us at 8am, in the room on the other side of our wall. This didn't really matter to us as we needed to be up earlyish anyway, however if you will be wanting a lie in then it may be an idea to check whether your room is on the side of the hotel next to the one being renovated or not. I don't know how long the work will be going on for, so it might not affect it long. We didn't bump into any other guests so i don't know whether it was just our room affected. In summary, this hotel is basic and a bit outdated in the decor, however I believe it represents great value for money (I had a discount through hotelclum.com and paid £39 for the room for a night, but even standard price would be ok), and is excellent in it's location.	
Jul 7 2008 	Spectacular Find!	I recently spent a week at the Maranton House and have nothing but the highest praise for it. My room, #17, was spacious, comfortable and nicely appointed, with built-in lighting over the bed, a corner vanity, ample closet space, tea and coffee-making facilities and a large window that I left open every night. It had a bathroom that, by European standards, was enormous, with shower, bidet, large wall mirrors and plenty of counter space. The hotel has no lift, which might be problematic for some, but the friendly, helpful staff offered to carry my luggage for me and the stairs did not present a problem for me. When I phoned to make my reservation, I'd explained my room preferences and Dan, at the front desk, helped me select a room that best met my needs. Therefore, if steps would be a problem for you, make that known at the time you book, and I've no doubt your needs can be accomodated with a ground floor room -- this is a hotel whose staff truly do everything possible to make your stay a success. They were tremendously helpful and informative throughout our stay. Anything at all they could do to help us in any way, they did, and always with a smile. In fact, rarely have I stayed in such a warm, friendly place as this!Aside from the lovely room, and the warm and helpful staff, the hotel offers a free breakfast each morning, served in a pleasant, bright dining room overlooking a small patio. The daily selection included homemade muesli and commercial cereals, yogurt, milk and orange juice, sliced ham and cheeses, rolls, and freshly-prepared toast, coffee and tea. The meal was so ample, we hardly needed to eat lunch.Finally, the location of the hotel was absolutely terrific. The hotel is located on a leafy-green, quiet residential street, but is only a block away from the Blackbird Pub, which serves high-quality, classic pub food, and only two blocks away from the Earls Court tube stop, a post office and an internet cafe. And just one tube stop away, at the Gloucester Road tube stop, are several more good eating places as well as a hardware store, supermarket and pharmacy. In short, the hotel's convenient location, the rooms themselves, the staff, the included breakfast and the extremely modest prices combine to make this hotel a true find. We'd priced several other hotels in the area and found no others that even came close to this one; and after staying here for a week, we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.One word of caution. Be CERTAIN to call or e-mail the hotel direct to book a room. Not only can their staff help you choose the room best suited to your needs and preferences, but you'll recieve by far the best rates. When we initially booked our rooms here, we inadvertantly did so through a booking agency. When we later went to the hotel's web site to check on a detail about rooms, we discovered we were paying a very substantial booking fee. Fortunately, we discovered this in time to re-book directly with the hotel and save 20% -- a not insignificant sum for a 7-night stay.Again, I can't say enough good things about this hotel, for its location, its rates, its rooms or its terrific staff. Have a great trip! Denise Beckfield, Verona, Wisconsin	
Apr 24 2008 	A Great Place for the Price	We didn't see very good reviews for Earl's Court area so we were a little apprehensive about staying anywhere in that area, but with the US dollar so weak, we were limited on choices. When we arrived we were very pleasantly surprised! Maranton House was clean and very close to the tube station. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room and bathroom was a perfect size for me and my husband. The decor wasn't new but it was clean and functioned perfectly. Be warned, there is no lift so we did walk up a lot of stairs, but we were ok with that. Also, they are renovating next door so it was loud after 8:30 a.m., but most of the time we were awake by then. Earl's Court is a great location, has everything you need and is safe. Mark &amp; Spencer's offers £2 sandwiches just inside for a quick take away. The Blackbird pub just on the corner of Barkston Gardens/Earls Ct is a great place to stop off before heading in for the evening. All in all our stay was wonderful and we highly recommend it for the budget traveler or the quick stop over.	
Feb 19 2008	Maranton House Hotel	After talking to some friends who had just returned from a 3 month long tour of the UK. They told us of a B&amp;B hotel that they found by accident and had been very pleased with it. In fact it was the best B&amp;B they had stayed at for the entire trip. And on their recommendation we booked a 3 week stay with the Maranton House Hotel.If you google the hotel and find their website you will see the hotel photos. The photos are exactly what you will see if you stay there. The rooms are all recently renovated, clean and well serviced. The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel is close to Earls Court tube, Circle, District and Piccadilly lines. Earls Court Road and side streets have lots of restaurants, pubs and mini super markets.For the 3 weeks that my wife and I stayed at the Maranton we could not find fault. The Maranton House Hotel is a 3 diamond B&amp;B Boutique Hotel.	
Feb 12 2008 	Basic but quiet 	Just been to stay at this hotel &amp; the room was very tiny and somewhat &quot;unfinished&quot;, there was really bad (apart from the taste in decor!) but it just seemed to have loads of finishing touches left to be done (e.g. paint work was scruffy, the windows needed painting, TV needed tuning to correct channels, holes in the towels, bathroom plugs were missing though!). We stayed on the first floor and had a lovely view over the gardens (unfortunatley only accessible to local residents), and a shared balcony with the adjacent room (which meant they could see in unless you kept the curtains closed!). The view was great and you almost forgot you were 2 mins from a tube station &amp; ten minutes from the centre of the capital.One thing to bear in mind is that the hotel next door is having a MAJOR refit and the builders start at 8.30 every morning and can be quite noisy, so if you're planning a lie in or quiet holiday bear this in mind! I don't know how long this will last for.........In terms of the breakfast, its very basic continental but functional, my only complaint would be that the croissants were stale and the toast was cold - but perfectly edible.As other reviewers have said, don't expect the bar to open ever - apparently they dont use it any more!The staff were perfectly helpful, we needed a hairdryer and iron as none were provided in the room but these were supplied straightaway. My wife said she found them surly, however, I think its just that most of them are not english but they are very helpful &amp; will try to accomodate any requests.Overall not too bad for a nice quiet but very basic hotel in London (I paid £64/night).	
Jan 23 2008 	Completely mediocre	Stayed for two nights whilst attending an event at Olympia. Hotel was not too bad but I won't rush back in a hurry.Room was clean and relatively quiet for London. However the staff were in training for the &quot;don't give a damn Olympics&quot;.The breakfast was very meagre and the advertized bar did not open during our stay.Fairly low priced for London but even then I didn't feel that I had had a great deal.	
Jan 2 2008 	Ok place would probably stay again	We stayed at the Maranton Hotel in the last week of November. For a budget hotel, it's good. It's close to Earl's Court tube station and restaurants, and a quick ride to attractions. The room was much bigger than I expected it to be, and the bed wasn't the comfiest, but a good value for the price. My only complaint was there was construction going on next door, and from our room, it was deafening. We had the basement room, and it was literally right underneath the construction. It started promptly at 8:00 every morning. Loud enough, so that we were practically having to yell to hear each other. If you stay here, request a room that is on the other side of the building, away from the construction.	
Nov 17 2007 	Very Quiet	We arrived at the Maranton House Hotel well before our check in time, and were pleased to find they had our room ready for us. I believe we arrived around 10:30 a.m. The desk man was quiet, but friendly. Unfortunately, he was a foriegner, as we were, and was not very helpful with directions, but pointed us in the general area, and told us to ask at the stations for more info. We were a bit disappointed that our room was on the top floor, and there was no &quot;lifts&quot; (elevators) to get us up the 8 split flights of stairs, so if you're handicapped in any way, including a bad back or heart, this would not be the place to stay. The room we were put in was small, but clean. The bed was quite uncomfortable, and the toilet was very difficult to flush. After putting up with the bathroom situation for 1 night, we asked the next morning to be moved to another room. We were accomodated easily with that, and the bed in this room was much better, and the room was a level lower. This room had a little walk-out balcony, which was handy, as the rooms are listed as smoking, but due to the new laws in London, no hotel has smoking accomodations other than the window or a walk-out. We had heard that breakfast might not be included from other reviews, but were pleased to find that it was. Granted, it was some greasy sausage and cheese and toast, but it still saved about $10, even by McDonald's prices. The coffee tasted like instant, but then again, they're tea drinkers over there! Over all, we both were pleased, as the price was right, and the fact that the hotel was about 1/2 block from the Earl's Court Station was very convienient.	
Jul 6 2007 	good inexpensive stay	We stayed here on for two nights in June/2007. Our room was very large by London standards, the bathroom was small and tidy.We dropped a suitcase off 2 days before our stay (we spent 2 days in York) and they were happy to provide this service. In fact my offer of a tip was refused! Very friendly desk clerk.Excellent value (70 pounds per night) and a block from Earls Court tube (which is a good hub) and a Fuller's pub on the corner. No elevator but I would stay here again.We also spent 4 nights at the Henley House which is 3 doors away. It has an elevator and perhaps nicer decor but they weren't kidding by describing the room on their site as &quot;cosy&quot; . About the same price as Maranton House. Either is a safe, clean and low cost choice for London.	
Apr 2 2007 	Good value and great location	5 minutes's walk from Earls Court tube station, in a road with some attractive gardens opposite. The welcome here is always pleasant.Rooms at the front are a bit noisy, especially in summer because there is overseas student accommodation opposite. The building next door is being renovated (Jan 07), and work starts at 8am so don't book here for a lie-in this Spring! The rear rooms are very quiet. Most of the doubles are quite spacious, the singles just adequate. Showers, no baths. Cleanliness is OK. Their housekeeping is a bit haphazard - not killer problems, but stirring your tea with your biro is a bit annoying, and jamming curtain rails rather more so.Lots of stairs, so it might not suit the less mobile, but plenty on offer on lower floors.Definitely a cut above most small lower-cost hotels in this sort of area, and with direct tube connections into the city centre.	
Jan 28 2007	Construction next door 	We stayed for a week. The bathroom was missing a window shade, overhead light shade and we had to ask for fresh towels (after three days). The building next door was being renovated- crew started at 8-8:30am with jackhammers and picks on the exterior. There were holes in the linens and here too we had to ask to have them changed after several days. Also had to ask them to clean the bathroom which was freezing, the towel warmer/radiator didn't work. The temps were cold overall. We had to ask for a blanket, none was provided, only a worn comforter. The bedroom was badly in need of new carpet , new fabric, had a melted lampshade, a tv that didn't work well -with a remote that didn't work. We did get almost everything that we asked for including a different tv and remote and fresh linens and towels and a blanket. Alas, the work crew showed up daily.All that said, we spent little time in our room and appreciated the very convenient location, just a couple minutes from the Tube and bus stops and lots of good, inexpensive restaurants in Earl's Ct. The hotel is inside zone 1-2 so the transport fares were in the lowest category.	
Dec 2 2006 	You won't be disappointed	This was definately the best hotel I stayed during a recent trip around the globe. The hotel is well located to Earl's Court Station though still sits in a quiet street. I had two seperate visits and was happy with my room on both occassions. The hotel is stylish, recently renovated and the beds are okay. My room/s were spacious enough to move around easily and and were very comfortable. Even though I was on a budget, the decor really didn't reflect that at all. The bathrooms were fine though some may lack water pressure at times. Breakfast (which was included) in the dining room was great, staff very friendly as well. I saw no signs of a elevator so I was glad to be only on the first floor. Overall I thoroughly recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again on my next visit.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great location Friendly staff	The staff was really nice and very helpful. The room was a perfect size for us (married couple in their 20s) and the price was great. The location was awesome - right down the street from Earl's Court station and only a couple tube stops away from anything we wanted in London. The pillows were a little flat.	
Apr 15 2006	Ok place	Just got back from staying at the Maranton Hotel this week (apr '06). The hotel is very close to the Earl's Court tube station in a quiet street facing a garden. Our room was a little small but all the furniture was brand new. Tv set with a few english channels. Breakfast was not included in our rate (about 100 euro per night), it actually is 5£.Bathroom was neat. Overall a good place, not too pricey being London. Could have been a little cleaner but we actually had nothing too complain about.Friendly staff. Loads of pubs, fast foods, eateries all around.	
Feb 8 2005	Great Location-- Satisfying Accomodations	My boyfriend and I stayed at Maranton House in June of 2004. I found the location to be charming and convenient-- not in the middle of EVERYTHING, but not too far away either. The Tube is in easy access and, had we known how close, we wouldn't have spent the money on a cab to get there when we arrived. The only thing lacking at this hotel is *friendly* customer service. We arrived later than we expected due to an excessive wait at Customs in the airport and we didn't have a way to reach the hotel. When we arrived (around 11 p.m.), the gentleman that presumably runs the hotel (heavy Russian accent), snapped at us for our tardiness. Not the best way to begin our vacation, especially after 15 hours of travel, but we didn't take it personally.Breakfast was adequate, nothing special, but complimentary so who can complain? The hotel itself was clean and pleasant though the pinkish color scheme was a tad garish. There was a charming little English Garden/Park accross the street and a pub conveniently located a block away. I loved the location-- there were several other hotels on the same street-- and would stay in the Kings Cross area again, but might try a different hotel.	
Apr 9 2004	Adequate for the price	The Maranton House Hotel is located about 2 blocks from the Earls Court tube station in the West Kensington adistrict about a 15 minute tube ride from downtown London. The hotel is located in an older 5 story building without an elevator which can mean a hefty walk up in if your room is located on one of the upper floors. The rooms themsleves are small but clean &amp; the bathrooms have been remodeled (no bath tubs - just shower). Be careful when reseving your room type since they have only 2 rooms with twin beds, all the other having only the old fashion 'double' bed (no queen or king size). Our main complaint was the breakfast, the same thing everyday, no fruit and a very poor selection of other items. We finally went out for breakfast. Staff was very nice &amp; carried our bags to/from our room (we were on the very top floor - 66 steps up).	
Aug 30 2009 	Consigliato per la posizione		
May 16 2009 	Molto carino e pulito		
Nov 19 2008 	??????		
Oct 2 2008 	Veramente bello		
Aug 21 2008 	Hotel perfetto nel cuore di Londra		
Mar 19 2007	excellent petit hotel familial		
