Sep 14 2009 	Fabulous service great location not disturbed by trains at all	I used to work in the area and was a bit wary that family had booked us into this hotel. It looks like a typical 4 storied dusty london pub, at the back of Waterloo Station, right next to the railway lines. I was very pleasantly surprised!! We were checked in early. The bar inside is nicely decorated and the frescos on the ceiling are amazing! The rooms were smaller than I would have liked but all renovated in the last year: crisp bedlinen, flatscreen tv, clean carpets (even in corners and under bed!!). The bed was the most comfortable I have slept in for ages!Had a quick bite to eat in bar - jacket pot with cheese and bacon - lovely. Falafel wrap also looked good.Next morning was greeted by the landlord and invited to sit for breakfast: lovely selection (all the usual stuff) and then had gorgeous full English breakfast. Landlord chatted to us about our night and shared coffees and stories with us; very friendly and welcoming, to the point that we felt 'part of the family'!!! We left our luggage there all day and on our return had to recount the day's events before we were waved farewell and safe journey.Definitely return (I wonder if there is confusion with another hotel of the same name; I couldnt find fault with this one at all and I have worked for some of the best known hotel chains, front and back of house)	
Jul 22 2009 	convenient but very noisy	This is a large pub with bedrooms. My single bedroom was a little small, but it was comfortable enough. There are coffee making facilities, a desk, small wardrobe and a bathroom with a power shower. However, the toilet was unflushed when I arrived with excretia festering it it, which was not good. The tiny wash basin has a glass shelf above it, just in the right place to bash your head when you bend down to wash your face.The cooked breakfast was OK but my poached eggs were rock solid which is not to my taste.The biggest drawback to staying, at least in the first floor room I was in, is the street noise which goes on all day and night. The hotel even provides ear plugs, so they do recognise the problem. However, I didn't use them for fear of not hearing my morning alarm.For a one night stay in Waterloo this was OK and reasonably priced at just under £100.	
Jul 5 2009 	Convenient location but several problems	The tripadvisor entry for the Wellington Hotel is confusing. There are actually two hotels called Wellington Hotel in London. The first is beside Waterloo Station at 81-83 Waterloo Road, the address given in the tripadvisor entry. The second Wellington Hotel is in Victoria at 71 Vincent Square. The hotel location map on tripadvisor shows an area of east London nowhere near either of the hotels! One of the photos of the exterior of the hotel is of the hotel at Waterloo and the other is of the hotel near Victoria. Similarly, some of the the reviews are of one of the hotels and some of the other.I stayed for six nights at the Wellington Hotel in Waterloo Road. The hotel is situated across the road from Waterloo railway station and immediately beside Waterloo East railway station. This is a very convenient location for the Underground and bus stops but trains run close by – in fact they ran across a large bridge within a few yards of the windows of my room. Free ear plugs were provided on the bedside table but I find earplugs uncomfortable and worry about not hearing fire alarms so I didn’t use them. With the windows closed I didn’t really find the noise from the trains disturbing. However, the weather was very warm and the room too hot for me to be able to sleep with the windows closed. Fortunately, the trains didn’t run between 1 am and 5.30 am so I got into a routine of going to sleep at 1am with the windows wide open and then closing them when I was awoken by the trains at 5.30. The room then remained reasonably cool until I got up for breakfast.The ground floor is a large pub with the bedrooms on the floors above. There is no lift so you have to carry your luggage up stairs, some of which are quite narrow. Registration takes place in the bar and breakfast is served there in the morning.The bedroom was large enough and had plenty of lights and electricity sockets. There were was a widescreen TV with Freeview digital channels, a kettle with a supply of tea, coffee and biscuits, bottled water, and free wifi internet access. There was no telephone, room safe or iron in the room but an iron could be borrowed from the bar.The en-suite bathroom was quite small and there wasn’t a shaver socket. The thermostat on the shower was faulty so that it could be difficult to get anything except an unpleasantly hot shower. The plug-release in the basin was also faulty. After prising out the plug in order to drain water from the basin, I removed the plug completely and put it to one side. This proved to be a mistake when I dropped the brushhead from my electric toothbrush and it disappeared out of reach down the plughole!Breakfast consisted of a buffet with fruit juices and a small selection of cereals, yoghurts and pieces of fruit while a waiter or waitress took orders for cooked breakfast items, tea, coffee and toast. The cooked breakfast and coffee tasted good. The problem was that there was usually only one waiter or waitress and, I think, only one person cooking so that there were almost always delays in being served - even on the days when I skipped the cooked breakfast and just wanted coffee and toast. Some mornings another member of staff, who appeared to be the manager, was also present but I never saw him assist the overworked waiter or waitress.Later in the day and in the evening meals were sold in the bar and with free wifi internet access and sport showing on widescreen TVs it could be a pleasant place to spend some time in the evening.I asked if I could check-out an hour late (at 12.00 instead of 11.00) but my request was refused. I was able to leave my bags in a locked cupboard beside the bar and collect them later.Would I stay there again? Well, definitely not in the Summer. At other times of year I might consider it if the price was good but I don’t think that the standard rate of £90 a room is good enough value.	
Jun 14 2009 	we will be back	first of all i want to tell you that we arrived 2 hours early and with no where to go we phoned the pub/hotel whilst stood outside on the street. The pub was not open but the staff very kindly opened the door and let us in and were more than happy to relieve us of our luggage, then we were given our room as it was ready! Also on checking out they lock your belongings up if your train is later in the day so you can sight see bag free! This pub hotel is within hopping distance of waterloo station, we were in room 26 on the top floor and you looked out at the station! superb for the tube, the london eye is 5 min round the corner as was westminster bridge. You cross the bridge nd theres parliament not to mention big ben! anyway, the room was cosy but we only slept and showered there. The beds were so comfy and CLEAN. The shower super, and we all love a good shower. The brekkie was delicious and im a fussy customer. The room had a plasma tv, hairdryer and kettle with tea,coffee etc. Plenty of clothes space, extra pillows. If your not looking to swing from the lights then this is a great room and location for all of london. We managed to see most of london on foot by walking the length of the south bank, occasionally crossing to see things like st.pauls, the tower ,and we crossed the millenium bridge. Covent garden was close too. I never knew i cuold walk so far. All the places seem to link up and we found piccadilly next to leicester sqaure and soho. The boss is genuinly interested in you and is a jolly nice bloke. I cant think of one reason why we would stay anywere else, genuinly. At 5p shy of £90 for two adults on a saturday night in a prime location of London with en suite and full english preceeded by croissants, cereal, yogurt, fruit and juices, where will you get that? Good honest clean accomodation.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location great price but with a lot of partyers	First of all, this is really the best priced hotel in the area, so don't go there expecting the Ritz. Just a few blocks from Victoria Station or Westminster.The rooms were old, but the room and sheets were clean. A small sink is available in the room, showers and toilets on floor. In the hallway, we can smell the toilets but not in the room. Showers are like camping showers, big old plastic shower, probably better to bring a pair of sandals with you. I didn't take the breakfast as it's only from 8 to 9am and there's a lot of better stuff to eat nearby. There's no elevator in the hotel, but someone from the staff is waiting at the door to pick the luggages. Other bad reviews were right on almost everything, but you need to keep in mind that for the price of 40 pounds a night, it's cheap, even the cheapest, so they can't say they were expecting anything else. At night, it's pretty noisy, a lot of people slamming doors (we hear almost everything in the room) and partying between rooms. The two nights I was there, there was always some teenagers partying all night long and the guy at the front desk won't do anything. At least, the neighborhood is safe and quiet, which is a great place to come back late at night as I was alone.For a quick stay in London, I would return to this place. Just need to listen to some music in order to find some sleep and you have a correct, considering the place, near the attractions room for a great price. Bottom line, having some more money to spend on the room, I would certainly go elsewhere, but right now, I wouldn't mind going back as it wasn't all bad.	
May 22 2009 	Great location - shame about the room!	Have stayed in many hotels in London that are basic and clean and tidy and when i reviewed the reviews for this hotel i assumed would be the same - this was not the case. Don't get me wrong the room is basic and clean but THERE ARE NO TOILETS - had to share a communal toilet that was down the corridor !. Not my idea of fun !!!!!!! Breakfast wasn't great either. Apart from that in fairness the staff were very friendly and the hotel was clean.	
May 21 2009 	Great location - Great Price	Firstly, this is not a top-class London Hotel - and this is very fairly reflected in the price. It's a former boarding school (according to one of the staff) and still reflects this. Our room was small, simple and clean with just the beds, a desk, two chairs and a sink squeezed in. The bathrooms are down the corridor with decent, clean showers and toilets.Continental Breakfast is served only from 8-9am but is excellent with plenty of toast, croissants, cereal, tea, coffee and juice. It really set us up for the day.But it's the location that makes the hotel. It sits in Vincent Square overlooking the Westminster Boys School playing fields with the cricket pitch and pavilion along with tennis courts etc. Vincent Square is a stones throw from St. James Park and barely a 5min walk from Buckingham Palace, Victoria Tube station, Green Park or the Thames. It's only ten minutes from Westminster and Hyde Park and is surrounded by very nice pubs, bistros and a few small supermarkets to pick up supplies.It's not somewhere I'd take the wife for a romantic weekend break but as a place to sleep whilst visiting London (in our case, for the Football) it is hard to beat. It's cheap, clean and ideally located.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good Location For Sightseing	Stayed here for 2 nights with a friend &amp; his son. Room 23(2 adults+2 kids) was larger than expected &amp; modern. Bathroom, although small,was very modern with one of the best showers i've ever had. Tea/coffee, biscuits,toiletries,large fresh towels+26&quot; flat screen. You're above a large bar but because we were on top floor we didn't hear a thing. Straight across from Waterloo station so there's a bit of noise there, but hey, you're in London so what do you expect. Very short walk to London Eye/South Bank/Westminster &amp; Waterloo has 4 Tube lines so getting about couldn't be easier. Very good breakfast in the morning in the very clean public bar downstairs. No lift so i wouldn't recommend it to people with walking difficulties. I thought it was well priced &amp; would stay here again.	
Sep 27 2008 	EXCELLENT HOTEL	We have stayed at this hotel twice and really enjoyed it. Location is excellent right next to Waterloo Station.Staff cannot do enough for you, hotel just been refurbished, very clean and lovely decor. Breakfast is included and will set you up for the day. We also had our evening meal which was very tasty and good value for money.We cannot fault this hotel in any way.Marie, Cathy, Jean.	
Oct 24 2009 	Malisimo		
Oct 23 2009	Un hotel per chi si accontenta		
Aug 22 2009 	el peor alojamiento hasta la fecha		
May 19 2009 	bella la posizione ...		
Apr 26 2009 	Parfait pour passage a Londres		
Apr 5 2009 	Wellington per tutta la vita		
Dec 17 2008 	hotel bon pour une nuit pour passage rapide.		
Dec 15 2008 	Hotel destartalado incómodo y cuartelero		
