Sep 23 2009 	Worst Hotel ever	I've been in London, marvelous city, but I've had to sleep in that horrible hotel, where everything was absolutly dirty, I could say even disgusting!Please: the worst thing you can do is sleep there! It can even ruin your visit to London.Why let, a city like London, it be open?Marc.	
Mar 30 2009 	We Survived !!!!!!	Don't book ever this hotel!! We had to go there because the one we had booked was overbooked. Andrewshouse Hotel is the most ramshackled, shabby place I have ever seen in my life and I have travelled all over the world including Asia.When we arrived an old man opened the door, totally unfriendly, uncooperative and indifferent. We had to ask him again and again about a manager's name which was given to us from the other hotel which booked us in there.The room price was £65, which would be only worth like £ 20 I would say because this place is the most terrible hotel on this earth.The hotel is totally delapidated, run-down and I am really wondering how the City of London keeps such a rotten place running for international guests in this area wich is one of the poshest.The lady , wife of the unfriendly old frustrated man, was actually a nice Brazilian woman, eldery lady, and very very nice. She cut the price by £5 because she found us so nice.The ensuite room with WC is shown on their website and indeed on the website the bed and courtain was there but the picture was taken a century ago. The room was totally yuck,, tapestry coming from the ceilings, ashes on the little lamp next to the bed from the previous guest who left the ashes from his cigarette just there. A cubicle in the middle of the room which was a shower unit. The white inside curtains were almost brown, never washed and the brocate curtaines were kept together by a piece of green package band. I couldn't close an eye because it was absolutely ice cold the room. Under the cover blanket was a woolen blanket from like 60 years ago with a whole from burning...The breakfast was totally miserable, just a totally cheap jam of I don't know nature, just sweet, 4 hyperthin slices for us 2 of the cheapest white toast bread, NESCAFE, corn flakes and an egg which looked like moulded (was green) or then 5 hours boiled.This place should be immediately closed and I will contact the authorities. It is a hell of a place! Don't ever go, book into Ibis or so...	
Aug 25 2008 	Hell on EARTH	HELL on EARTH!!I have booked it online payed prepayment, photos on the i-net looked good. The place is horrible, horrendos most important thing is the teatment. The MANAGER sort of old man Indian 1/ was smoking in the lounge despite all restrictive signs &quot;NO SMOKING&quot; 2/ Carpet on the steps was kept together by duct tape. 3/ Rooms stinking I am sure service is as worse as the look of this hotel, i didn't stay let the prepayment money go and found a decent place just 50meters up the street.It is really shame that nobody in London municipality is not taking any actions. It isTHE SHAME, BLACK SPOT in the centre of LONDON	
Jul 22 2008 	Absolutly Disgusting Hotel	Dirty, gross decor and generally unpleasant.We were moved to this hotel after the one we booked was full. En-suite facilities were a shower cubicle in the middle of the room. Would not walk barefoot or sleep in the beds. Only spent about 4 hours in the room, and that was far too much. Breakfast included, but we declined. The park bench opposite was far more appealing than the hotel itself. We could go on, but...	
Nov 2 2009 	Do not go there!!		
Oct 28 2009 	Sightseeing Urlaub		
Aug 17 2009 	Si solo vas al hostal a dormir...		
Jul 18 2009 	Andrews Horror House Hotel		
Jun 23 2009 	Esta casa es una ruina versión hotel		
Jun 11 2009 	Credetemi: Sporchissimo..C'é lo sckoch adesivo Ovunque		
Jun 4 2009 	Schrecklich		
Jun 3 2009 	Einzig positiv - die zentrale Lage!		
Mar 29 2009 	Lo recomiendo		
May 9 2008 	horrible despreciable hotel		
Dec 27 2006	Pratique !		
