Aug 12 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We booed this hotel as we were going to a wedding near by &amp; this hotel was the cheapest &amp; nearest. When we 1st saw the hotel I was a bit worried, from the road it looks very shabby but once you turn into the car park it is a lot better, the whole exterior could do with a good spruce up though. No one was on reception but we easily found someone in the bar to check us in. The rooms were surprisingly big, a bit dated but clean &amp; the bed was very comfy. I rang during the day to ask what time the restaurant was open as we wanted to eat that evening before going out &amp; I was told 7pm for the restaurant &amp; 6.30 for bar food but when we asked for a menu we were told that they weren't serving food as they had a private function on, this was a bit annoying as I had rang to check 1st &amp; there is not much else nearby to eat. We returned back after the wedding at about 12.30am &amp; didn't think we'd be able to get a drink, however the private party was in full swing &amp; as we were guests we were able to drink too which for us was very good! They had a late bar &amp; in the end think we got to bed at 3am! This was good for us but if you had wanted to go to bed I would of imagined it would of been very noisy, however, this was probably a one off so don't let that put you off. We didn't make breakfast due to the late night so can't comment on that. Again at check out we couldn't find anyone but eventually someone turned up. None of the problems bothered us &amp; we had a great stay &amp; if it was updated a bit I think it would be even better.	
May 27 2009 	Really pleasantly surprised	What a great surprise this place is. We were going to a grand wedding a couple of miles away and wanted a clean and comfortable place to stay. This iwas perfect. It is run by the most welcoming of people (and TJ). The staff were lovely and we were made very welcome. Yes, the rooms are a bit run down, especially the bathroom, but it was still tremendous value for money. The food was really good and large quantities.There is no noise from the airport either - which was very important to me - I live under the flight path of Manchester airport! Highly recommended for a short stay.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very nice great staff	I frequently have to fly into Stansted for business and was recommended this hotel. Really good value for money, incredibly comfortable beds. The food was good and not expensive, free wi-fi and they even took me back to the airport free of charge.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 17 2008 	Very nice classic English hotel	I stay at the Old Bell quite frequently and can recommend it to people who want that traditional british experience. The rooms are not the best in the world, but the hotel is lovely with old architecture and sitting rooms with fireplaces.	
Apr 8 2007 	Excellent	I stayed at the hotel a couple of weeks ago and might i say it was superb! The staff were so friendly and helpful which made the stay all the more enjoyable. You have to look out for the two young girls that work the bar, and are also in, in the mornings, Renay and Terry! Nothing is too much trouble for these girls, and will be happy to do anything to make your stay more enjoyable, and all with a smile.The cleanliness of the rooms where over the normal standard quality.I was made to feel extremly welcome and that any thing i asked wasn'tto much for the staff. This was the same for my good friend who was also staying the same night.A definate 10/10 experience.P.S The Home-made burgers are to die for!	
