Nov 19 2009 	Pleasant Stay	My stay at the Premier Inn Hammersmith was very pleasant. From the moment I checked in, the staff was very attentive. I was greeted warmly every time I entered the lobby, and if I needed anything, all I had to do was ask. The room was on the small side but very clean and comfortable. A table and chair was set up right in front of the window so I could work and gaze out the window. The bed was very comfortable and plenty of pillows were available. An electric kettle was provided, as were teabags, coffee, creamer, and sugar; the front desk will gladly supply more tea (etc) upon request but because I drink so much of it, I purchased my own tea and sugar. Wifi internet access is available but is not free; internet access is provided by a third party. I ended up spending £30 for the 9 days I was there. I did not see an option to be emailed a receipt, which I needed for tracking business expenses. The connection usually showed as 20% signal strength but was generally acceptable; I had very few drop-outs. I did dine in the hotel restaurant. I dined there for supper and had a very nice chicken curry; the wait staff was attentive and the food top-notch. I also had the &quot;Premier breakfast&quot; which was also very good. Location is very good - the Ravenscourt Park tube station is but a short walk and from there it's easy to get to anywhere you want to go. There is a small 24 hour grocer across the street -- they have the most wonderful falafel meal in the cold case that is a wonderful alternative to dining out. There is a pub next door, and two or three doors down there is a very nice Thai market with all sorts of wonderful fresh herbs, packaged seasonings, and noodle cups. There are many restaurants nearby, offering a variety of cuisines; there are also a few fast food places within walking distance. There is plenty of shopping nearby. Also, it's a short walk to the Thames, where you can take a stroll. Very nice! In short, the Premier Inn Hammersmith helped make my stay quite pleasant. I plan to return to London, and when I do I will once again stay at this hotel. I recommend it as a nice, comfortable, and reasonably priced hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good!	We had a nice room, at he 8th flloor, with an L shape. Very good also for my child. Teh room was quiet, and with a great view on London.Staff was very kind and gently. A lot of restaurants and pub otuside, also a small supermarket open 24 hours/7 days. Tube station (Ravenscourt park) quite close.	
Nov 14 2009 	Would recommend to anyone - especially if visiting the Apollo!	My sister and I stayed here for two nights while on a trip to a concert at Hammersmith Apollo. We didnt really know the exact location when booking online, just that it was nearby. Fortunately it turned out that the Underground station at Ravenscourt was a short walk from the Hotel and the Apollo was a ten minute walk down the road, so it was ideally located for us!The Staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were spotless and the beds comfy, there were two plump pillows each, a flat screen tv, hairdryer, tea, coffee, shampoo, handsoap, towels etc.. We didnt have the evening meal, though by the time we had finished shopping and dragged ourselves back to the hotel we wished we had! We did have breakfast, which was faultless, cooked breakfast was perfect, porridge was great - not like the dish of wallpaper paste I have been presented with on previous holidays!There was a smell in the bathroom, though the actual room was spotlessly clean, (there was a shower over a small bath, which I used and being 5'10&quot; it was a bit of a squeeze, but I prefer a bath to a shower so I was happy with that!) must have been the drains, but I have mentioned this on my review to the Hotel so hopefully they will sort that out, but it wouldnt stop me from staying there again!	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Premier Inn Hotel	Stayed here for one night. Maybe because we arrived on a Sunday, the hotel car park was empty so plenty of spaces to choose from. Nice smooth check-in with Maria. Our room was on the 4th floor, compact but we were only sleeping in it, plenty of hanging space, nice soft towels and very clean. We booked the breakfast next morning, which was very nice, also it was cooked to order, so nice &amp; hot. Whilst the kettle in the room was brand new, unfortunately it didn't work, a quick call to reception got it changed over, we requested some extra tea bags and sugar, we were given a bag with about a dozen each of tea-bags, coffees, milks and sugars in it. In the past we have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express, shan't in the future, Premier Inn is much cheaper and you get a decent breakfast not a &quot;snack&quot; as my husband calls it! Will definately be back on our next visit to London.	
Aug 16 2009 	Watch the parking	Hotel is an updated old seventies tower block hotel which does have smallish rooms with half-sized baths, (in my room on the top floor at least). I didn't eat at the hotel, but I did see some of the food being served as I checked in, and I have to say it did look very nice.Parking could be an issue if you arrive after 20.30. The hotel's website says there are a small number of parking spaces at the hotel and a 24 hour park car nearby. I arrived at 21.30 to find the hotel car park full, (fair enough), but the nearby Kings Mall car park is locked for entry at 20.30, which leaves you the choice of paying to park at an unsupervised car park in the centre of Hammersmith, or parking on the road outside the hotel for free, (as long as you remember to move the car before 07.00 when the parking restrictions start). Overall the stay was fine, but I won't turn up at the hotel late with a car again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Back again.....................	Once again we are back at the Travel Inn in Hammersmith with our 2 children for what is rapidly becoming an annual sightseeing and shopping trip.This year the weather was a bit less hot and humid ( we hit the only 3 hot days of the year last year ) and so the temperature in the rooms was fine ( the aircon struggled a bit last year!!).The service in this Travel Inn was excellent. All the staff worked with a smile and the stay was excellent value ( lessons that need to be learned by other hotels in the Premier chain as we were to learn during our encounter with staff at one of Premier's Oxford lodges !!).The room was clean and a good size again and once again Christine ( and her colleague whose name I did not quite catch due to not being able to read the name on his badge due to my age and failing eyesight !!) really looked after us well in the restaurant. We have a son with special needs and all the staff were attentive to his needs no matter how demanding he became at times. Thanks everyone !!I have to say however that all the guests as far as we could see were treated with courtesy and consideration, so well done y'all !!!!Eugene Morice, Penzance Cornwall	
Jul 23 2009 	Not Bad Could be better	The staff, location and the prices are the positive points for staying in this hotel. The negative points are the rooms with the paper thin walls and the tiny lifts.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great stay for budget traveler!	The Premier Inn hotel at Hammersmith is a good budget hotel for any international traveler. Ideal location and well connected to the London city zones, it is one of the best hotel to spend the business trip stay or even if you are on vacation with family. The hotel has a small reception area with smiling &amp; helpful staff. The rooms are very clean and well appointed. The rooms are secured and have all the necessary amenities a traveler would want. The house-keeping service ensures the rooms are kept clean &amp; in order. The beds are large and very comfortable. The flooring has carpets, but it’s not smelly. There is a coffee machine in each room and the entire property is no smoking. The washroom is well designed and has a tub and powerful shower. Overall the room has everything one needs to make their stay comfortable and one cannot ask for more!The restaurant is small, but serves a great and wholesome breakfast. They feed &amp; pamper you with hot and cold serves. One nice breakfast and it sets &amp; starts your day perfectly with lots of energy and freshness!!The staff is very cordial and helpful and they ensure that your stay is full of comfort. I would recommend this hotel to all travelling to London and if you are on a budget.	
May 26 2009 	Excellent value bed for the night	Just stayed at the Hammersmith Premier Inn on a Saturday night, while seeing a concert at the Albert Hall. Really pleased we chose this hotel. Excellent value for £81 (booked 2 days in advance).If you know Premier Inn you know what you're going to get and this hotel is no exception.Check-in was quick and efficient, and the bar/lobby area was smart and clean.Ask for a room on a high floor as the views are fantastic!!The rooms are well appointed but small - but then how much space do you need for 1 night? It was spotless and the bed was comfortable. Hotel felt safe with a secure access lift.Couple of small negatives: our shower head was loose, but useable; the aircon was only 'ok' and had to be left on all night.The hotel is less than 5 mins walk from the Ravenscourt Park tube station (District and Picadilly lines) which means you can be in the centre of London in around 30 mins. 1 stop from Hammersmith on the Hammersmith and City line puts this probably 10-15 mins from Paddington too. It's also in Zone 1-2 so you don't need to pay extra for a travelcard. Maybe a 10 minute walk down to the Thames and a few nice quiet pubs in the surrounding streets.I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 10 2009 	Small efficient business hotel	The Premier Travel Inn is a great place to stay in if you are looking for value for money and are likely to be out of your hotel room most of the day - generally the case when one is on business or touring London.Its on Hammersmith not too far from the tube stations and though the property is just a building it is well maintained and has all the facilities one would need while on business or touring a large city.The rooms are thoughtfully furnished and of a decent size, though the bathrooms can be a little cramped though not uncomfortable.The single restaurant at the lobby level can be crowded but service is efficient and the food is good.All in all a convenient comfortable place to stay in London.	
May 6 2009 	fantastic	every staff of the hotel was fantastic ..the provided was better then any 5 star hotel...the service of the guys at the restaurant was mind blowing ....hats off to the indian guy whose name i dont remember but starts with letter 'ob' ....he was on his own with out any help ....but was cheerful enough to provide every guest with excellent standard of service and the breakfast chef who came out was very sweet	
Apr 29 2009 	Would stay again when in London	Rooms really clean although on the small side.Staff all very accommodating and with a smile too!One of our rooms lost all power and this was attended to within 5 minutes.There was one guest who was complaining that on returning to his room he had found a strange man asleep on the floor???	
Nov 3 2008 	Reasonable stay at Premier Travel Inn in Hammersmith	Stayed at the Hammersmith Premier Travel Inn for 2 nights as the location suited for a function we were attending. Usual travel inn experience - clean, comfortable and compact rooms with great views as we were on the 11th floor. Staff were all very helpful, Ravenscourt Park Tube Station (on the District Line) is about a 5 mins walk away and the area itself , predominantly Polish, felt safe with enough cafes, pubs and restaurants within walking distance. Dined out on our first night at a cheap and cheerful Italian about 5 mins walk down King Street to the right - Casa Mia (had seen a few good reviews for it on the net from locals so thought we'd give it a try). They did a £7.95 menu for a 2 course evening meal - had a huge prawn cocktail and a pasta course - good value by usual London prices.Breakfast in the Travel Inn (also £7.95) for the full English was ok. It is cooked to order, but disappointing that the baked beans were congealed on the plate as though they had been standing for ages and the tea was cold. So, on our 2nd day, decided to try somewhere else - crossed the road and walked down King Street to the right for 5/10 mins max and we found a Weatherspoons pub on a corner that do a cooked breakfast for £2.69 (or a gut buster cholesterol special - 2 of everything for £3.69). We had the £2.69 version and it was excellent - recommend it as long as you can stomach seeing people having a pint at 10.30 in the morning!!.Unfortunately, this stay, we had the car with us - the Travel Inn do have some spaces which are available on a first come, first served basis at £12 a day, but they were all taken by the time we arrived at 6pm so had to park in the NCP car park 5 mins walk away which charges £22.50 per day. Pleasant stay at the Travel Inn though and would stay there again if we needed to be in that part of London. My favourite PTI in London is County Hall - can't beat that one for location in my opinion.	
Sep 14 2008 	Converted office Block???	Not uo to usual premier standards, We had booked a family room and my childs bed was practically a matress onb the floor not a proer bed as we have had elsewhere.The toilets made a horrendous noise when flushed so you could hear the ones around you in the night. Bathroom was quite large but they had stuck a poxy small bath in so you had to bend your knees when in it.Service in the restruant was very slow, 20 mins to take order then 30 after we got our food, Not very good food at that my wifes fishcakes werr greasy and the veg was cold. would not stay at this one again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Not great	I stayed for one night and upon arrival was greeted by helpful reception. The room was small and to be honest rather claustrophobic. The adjoining rooms either side of mine were noisy and you could hear the hot water taps and shower noises from both rooms. This hotel by far lacks the quality of other Premier Inn hotels I have stayed at. The best thing had to be the helpful staff.	
Aug 29 2008 	Convenient location	We stayed here after an excellent experience with another Premier Inn at Earls Court. Less than 5 minutes walk from Ravenscourt Tube Station. The usual expectations from Premier Inn of clean bedroom and washroom prevail. Polite staffs. My photos attached are more of the surrounding areas of the hotel as the room conditions are pretty the same as with other Premier Inns. Located in an area where you can find various continental and Asian restaurants. Polish theatre, cafe, and Polish delicatessen just opposite the hotel. Nice neighbourhood and amenities. You can go to Ravenscourt Park and Thames Riverside Walk nearby for jogging. If you have the stamina, you can walk along the Thames River or King Street to Hammersmith.	
Aug 22 2008 	Really enjoyed our stay	My wife, my 2 sons and myself really enjoyed our stay here and would use this Premier Travel Inn again.The staff were both polite and helpful and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We hit London on the hottest day of the year so the rooms were pretty hot and stuffy. The aircon did the best it could but by virtue of the fact that this Travel Inn is situated in a tall building the windows would only open so far, so sleeping was a bit difficult.The food in the small restaurant was traditional predictable Travel Inn fare ( lots of things are &quot;off the menu on a Sunday evening sadly !), but this was actually an advantage to us since with 2 young sons a bit of predicatbility in terms of available food over a 3 night stay is quite useful !In terms of location this Travel Inn is close enough to Central London so as not have to spend too long on the Tube (District Line from Ravenscourt Park) and far enough out to avoid the congestion charge !Special mention must go to a young lady on the staff called Christine who works in the restaurant who was incredibly kind and patient with our youngest son Peter who has Prader Willi Synderome and can be a bit of a handful at times.Nice one !!!Eugene Morice Penzance Cornwall	
Jul 29 2008 	Cheap and Chearful	chose this hotel as we were going to see High School Musical at the Apollo, lots of places to eat in the area and felt safe walking back to the hotel after the show.Stayed for 2 nights and the staff were very helpful and friendly any problems you had they would do their best to help.close to the tube station so handy for the rest of the sight seeing. Good views from the windows too.	
Jul 12 2008 	Cheap and cheerful	First time we've stayed at a Premier Inn and we're quite impressed. It had been recently refurbished so that was rather nice - could smell new carpet in the corridor! Room therefore very clean, and what you'd expect from a chain such as this. Does exactly what you'd expect! Pleasant staff when we checked in and when we bought coffee from the bar late at night. Would stay here again and would stay at other Premier Inns in the future.	
May 29 2008 	Great hotel Good value for money!	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over half term holiday.Hotel is located about a 2 minute walk from Ravenscourt Park tube station. You can't miss it... It is the tallest building in the area! While we were staying, a major referbishment was taking place of the whole hotel. I was a bit worried about noise, etc... But it was fine, the only problem was that only one lift was running and when you're on the 12th floor, this can be a bit annoying!! We stayed in room 1207 which was really big. It had 2 large windows which showed an amazing view. The room was in an &quot;L&quot; shape, with our bed completely out of site of the kids beds which was great for a bit of privacy! The room had been recently decorated and was spotless, only gripe was the lack of heated towel rail. I'm all for using towels a 2nd day, but with nowhere to dry them I had no choice but to request fresh towels for 2nd night! Breakfast was lovely and the staff were all very nice.Area is great if you want a base to explore London, it's only a few minutes on the tube. Word of warning: There is a bit of noise from the tube trains but it is bearable, although it goes on quite late into the night! All in all, this is a great and good value for money hotel and I would stay there again!	
Apr 13 2008 	Ideal	We stayed for 4 nights for a long weekend trip to London, 2 adults and 12 year old child. We would definitely go back. Tube staion very close (Ravenscourt park, less than 2 min walk). Clean modern rooms, excellent breakfast (free for 12 year old) with as much as you can eat. I liked the fact that the cooked breakfast was freshly prepared and not on the buffet. Staff very friendly. If I was trying to be picky I could find a few flaws, but as long as you're not expecting the Ritz it was great.	
Mar 25 2008 	OK	On Arriving my initial thought was good location in the mid of Hammersmith near the Train station. The room were small but clean and had everything you needed I wouldnt like to stay in here for a week but 4 a couple of nights it was big enough. Had Breakfast in the morning which took over half an hour to come and when it did, it was good but I would recommend asking for double everything as the Beans and Mushrooms portions were very small. Overall it was an average hotel! nothing special	
Feb 13 2008 	Nice Hotel - Good Value	We arrived at the hotel on 1 January at 11:30 AM after an overnight fight. It was obvious that they had been full for New Year's even and quests were sleeping in. However, the very nice young lady at reception got housekeeping on the phone and had a room cleaned for us before we could finish our coffee. Location is great for exploring this part of London. Short walk to to Black Lion Lane and its three great London Pubs: The Black Lion on the Thames and the Cross Keys and Carpenters Arms. Each a good example of a 'locals' London pub. Also a short hike down Chiswich High Road to numerous good restaurants, shopping and watering holes. Room though not large was comfortable and a good value, especially for the location.	
Oct 24 2007 	A good budget hotel	If you've stayed at a Premier Inn (formerly known as Premier Travel Inn) before, you'll know what to expect. It is a no-frills hotel. The rooms are on the small size - particularly noticeable for our friend from the U.S. - and being in Central London the prices are a little higher than their other hotels around the country, typically £90 per night.However, as one correspondent has already put it, &quot;it does what it says on the tin&quot;. My room was very clean and was well furnished. The service was excellent with all of the staff I came into contact with being extremely friendly and helpful. Surpisingly, the hotel was quieter than I expected. I usually take a pair of ear-plugs when I book into a London budget hotel but didn't need to use them on this occassion. My 11th-floor rooom had great views and the traffic noise was undetectable. The hotel is just 3 minutes walk from the closest Tube station (Ravenscourt Park) with trains into the city taking about 25 minutes.Premier Inn hotels do not usually have their own on-site restaurant so Hammersmith was an exception in this regard. However, I would not recommend it. The service was great and the prices were OK but the pizza that I had was about the worst pizza I've ever eaten..... very greasy and artificial-tasting. The guys on the table next to me did not seem too impressed with their food either. Loads of nearby places to eat in however so best eat out I think.	
Jun 7 2007 	does what it says on the tin	This hotel is not in central london and it can take a while to travel to see the sites. Its about midway between london and heathrow so would be handy if you needed to be close for a flight. Its a multi storey affair which doesn't look all that nice from the outside, however the room and the reception looked nice. We stayed in a corner room on the 9th floor with our 15 month old son. The room was clean as was the bathroom. The cot for our son looked very new and the sheets were spotless. Check in was quick and efficient. Breakfast is offered at £7.50 for a buffet as much as you can eat, but its only a short hop on a bus to chiswick highstreet for all the trendy bars and restaurants. My only complaint would be the shower pressure which was abysmal. But we had a quiet 2 nights there with a good nights sleep.	
Mar 12 2007	Great location and GREAT air-conditioning but the price?	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for a family party. It was a Saturday in July, and we paid £90 for a double en-suite, which we thought a little steep, especially seeing as my partner's parents were staying at the 4* Novotel down the road for the same price. However, the location (about 1 minute from the tube, close to bars, restaurants, shops and on a major, but quiet, road) made up for it as it's ideal for those driving (in London!?) or on public transport.The hotel itself was fine, pretty average really, apart from the beds, which truly were VERY comfortable (as the company promise). Check-in was a hassle-free affair, and the staff were very friendly indeed. They were happy to answer questions, and offer directions to the event we were heading to.Our room was a good size with an equally good sized bathroom, with pretty boring, but not unpleasant, views across the car park. Most importantly, the room had air-conditioning, which was much appreciated after a 1hour trip on the underground on a 30 degree centigrade day...Moreover this was GOOD air-con (and anyone who stays in hotels regularly will apreciate this I'm sure!).The bathroom was a bit basic, and took an AGE to get any hot water through the taps, despite turning my hand to all the tricks in the book to get them to run warm. But it had everything I needed; bath, shower, etc. Functional I believe is the word...The room and bathroom were both immaculately clean, but there was a slightly odd, almost damp smell in the room, which I see another reviewer has mentioned. It was innocuous, but not being able to open the window didn't help. It didn't bother me in the slightest but it was noticable when I walked in the doorThe room was quiet, as I say we stayed on a Saturday night in the school summer holidays and we didn't hear a thing, either from other rooms or from outside. Such a relief and a change from some other, more expensive hotels!Breakfasts were good, but quite expensive for what is on offer (as I often find). Guests would probably do better to head out to one fo the local delis or cafes (5-10 mins away) to pick up a bite, but what was on offer in the hotel was perfectly passable and the staff serving were very kind and helpful.All in all a very good, middle of the road London hotel. It's nothing special, but great if you need to head to West London for whatever reason, it's a safe bet. Would I stay here again? Sure, so long as the 4* wasn't cheaper again!	
Jan 17 2007 	Excellent	Myself and my mother had a family room with a king size bed, a single bed and a mattress on the floor. Both beds were extremely comfortable. The room was spotless when we arrived and was maintained that way each day. Reception staff were friendly and helpful.10 min slow walk to Hammersmith tube station.Downsides: Only had a small bath and the shower over the bath wasn't the best, the water tended to spray all over the place.	
Oct 9 2006 	Like a hall of residence	This no-frills, functional hotel resembles a university hall of residence, with endless corridors and swing doors to drag your bags through.Our room was basic and smelled a little odd but it just about sufficed for the few hours that we needed it before an early morning flight from Heathrow.We arrived at 1pm but were unable to access our room, so had to pile our bags into a storage cupboard and come back later.The location is good for Ravenscourt Park tube, but if you areconsidering this hotel because it is near to Heathrow, be warned that you will have to change trains to get on the Piccadilly line.	
Oct 3 2006 	Superb hotel great value for money	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Hammersmith because our hotels of choice were booked up but we definitely didn't regret it!Our room (we were given a family room for 2 people because all others were booked up) was on the 11th floor, it had a superb view and was huge - really spacious and airy. Everything was pristine clean, tidy and perfect. The bed was comfy and fresh, and I slept like a log (besides a couple of slamming doors at about 5am!)The best thing by far about this hotel is the staff - I have stayed in many hotels in London but never met any so friendly before. The reception staff were very helpful, particularly with helping us sort out the congestion charge - but by far, the restaurant staff were exceptional, both at breakfast and dinner. They could not do enough to make sure that we had everything we needed. Breakfast is excellent quality (£7.50 eat all you like when we stayed) and unlike many hotels, they keep refilling everything in the buffet so you don't have to put up with whatever is left. If you opt for the full English you can order as much food as you want (6 sausages.. 6 slices of bacon.. ) all inclusive. The coffee is fresh and topped up regularly too. Our evening meal was of a superb standard - I don't often eat currys as I am usually disappointed but I had lamb Rogan Josh on the recommendation of another guest and it was lovely. Again, we had great service whenever we needed it.It was lovely also that the staff actually wanted to know what we thought of the hotel and our stay - they really wanted to make things work. Only downside was that we decided to bring the car in the second night and couldn't get a parking space in the hotel carpark or near the hotel (although we had told them initially we weren't going to bring it in so not their fault). So make sure you find out in advance if you can park there because as with most of London, parking is a nightmare. Totally recommend this hotel, great value for money and far, far better than any other 3* I have stayed in before.	
Sep 5 2006 	very nice. clean easy to get to friendly staff	the hotel is very easy to get on the london tube and the station just a over the road. lots of near by as only a stort walk in to hammersmith town centre. room clean and beds were very cosy. breafast was 7pounds for a a much as u can eat and it was very nice.would stay here again if going to london for the weekend.	
Aug 14 2006	it was greart	this place was good because of its bar and restaurant in the hotel and it was close to ravenscourt park underground stop which could get you to downtown london quickly the rooms were a good size and the staff at the hotel were very nice	
Jul 29 2006 	Average	Nothing wrong with the hotel, room is small but acceptable, staff was patchy (some are very good but others may be a bit slow in responding). Downside being that it is actually closer to Ravenscourt Park tube station on the District Line, a bit out of the way.	
Jul 27 2006 	nice simple and clean	it is a nice simple hotel. i usually dont expect much from a Travel inn but for what you pay is OK. clean and nice room for the night.	
Sep 16 2005	Soviet bloc-style office building	We stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights because of its convenient location to our friends' place across the Thames. We paid $123/night (US dollars, including all taxes, through Octopus travel), which is very inexpensive for London in August. The hotel's advertised rates are MUCH higher (which is very disturbing!). This hotel is a bit of an eye sore in the Hammersmith area of London. My friend commented that it looks like a Soviet bloc-style office building, which was a great description of the place. The room itself was small and needed a lot of updating (e.g. paint, linens, furniture, carpet). Surprisingly, the lobby bar area had a fun and funky decor. The immediate area is a little seedy, but at the same time, there was a lot going on and there were some nice restaurants on the street. I felt safe walking around with my husband at night. It is also right near the Thames, a nice place to go running. The staff was quite friendly and breakfast was included with the price of the room. Parking is available in the back of the hotel for 10 pounds/night. Would I stay there again? No. Would I recommend it to anyone? Probably not, but if the location really works for you and you get a REALLY good deal, it's not the worst place in the world. My advice to the Vencourt: While there is probably not much that can be done about the exterior, paint the rooms, get new carpet...that would be a start!	
May 2 2005	Does what it say on the tin	I only booked 36 hours before arriving and my reservation hadn't come through when I arrived . However the reservation staff were happy to take my copy of the printed on-line reservation confirmation and I was allowed to use the room from 09:45.Room was clean, everything worked, great view (floor 9) and very convenient to Ravenscourt Park District line tube station.Breakfast was Ok and the staff were friendly. I didn't take an evening meal - there are restaurants within a couple of minutes walk (Indian / Vietnamese / pizza).It is quite convenient for Olympia - either via Earls Court or walk from Barons Court station. If I was needing a hotel in this area I would consider re-visiting this one.	
Apr 18 2005	excellent value for money	I stayed here for 2 nights in March with my partner, our room was on the 10th floor with spectacular views over London and the Thames, very friendly staff and clean and tidy. Excellent buffet breakfast food was first class. Situated just a short walk (under 5mins) from the nearest tube station and in zone 2 and with plenty of shops and restaurants just a short stroll from the hotel as well.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THIS HOTEL IS SIMPLE, EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY AND I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.	
Jan 20 2005	Nice Simple Hotel	I recently stayed here with a friend and the hotel was quite nice. Nothing special, but comfortable. Our room was small, but clean and the bathroom was nice, having recently been remodeled. The staff were friendly. The breakfast was pretty good - eggs, baguettes, bread, croissants, ham, sausage, cereals, yogurts, hasb browns, etc. There is an Underground stop very close the hotel (Ravenscourt). I would stay there again.	
Jul 19 2004	Ah the Vencourt!	Ah, the Vencourt!The Vencourt was always a welcome sight after a long day of sightseeing in London.The rooms were nice-we had a great view of the city from the 7th floor. The hotel is located in Hammersmith, which is a nice little area with lots of things to explore and loads of good restaurants. It's in zone 2 of the Tube but only takes about 30 minutes to reach downtown London with a Tube stop 2 blocks from the hotel.Continental breakfast was good and was delivered to our room. The staff was lovely and helpful with any questions we had.This was one on the most pleasant hotels in Europe I've stayed in.Check in is around 2pm, which is a little late, but they did get our room ready before then. Get some coffee down the street and sit in the Ravenscourt Park until check in!I would rate this hotel as really quite great!	
Nov 13 2009 	orribile		
Jan 13 2007	Recomendable		
May 25 2006	A nosotros nos fue bien		
