	Great room clean good service good price 	We stayed here for one night as we were in town for Xmas shopping and a gig in Hammersmith. Read some reviews here before booking and booked online for one of the Apartment style rooms, plus Secure Parking.On arrival at the hotel the staff were polite and courteous and the hotel looked nice and clean. The secure parking involves driving to the rear of the hotel and driving your car into a lift (for real!!), the lift takes you down to the basement where there is a small underground car park.Our room was on the top floor (room 709) so we got a balcony (handy if you smoke or want a fantastic view of the East End), the room was spotless and had a full kitchen (hobs, microwave, fridge, sink, kettle, toaster, all cutlery/utensils and even had a dishwasher!!). The bed was a pull down and way more comfortable than expected and there was also a full sized desk with a broadband router (FREE) and phone, the rooms were nice and quiet too as the Barbican is largely residential in this area (Goswell Road). The separate bathroom was spotless and spacious and in the hallway a large wardrobe was available (including room safe).Can't fault the rooms at all.Breakfast is the usual continental style but there is plenty of choice, various types of coffee, tea, hot chocolate, 3 types of fruit juice, cereal, boiled eggs, toast, fresh fruit, yoghurt, biscuits, croissants, ham, cheese.Other reviews here contradict what we experienced but we thought it was very very good and have no complaints at all.	
Oct 7 2009 	Yuck...dirty	I don't mind old hotels but I can't stand dirty ones. We arrived 3 nights ago. When I arrived I noticed some hair on the bathroom floor and some food on the floor. We tried to ignore it but when we pulled out the bed (the rooms don't have proper beds just foam sofa beds) the blanket was covered in numerous (20 or so) long hairs. It was disgusting. We rung reception who offered us either another blanket or a new room. We changed rooms. The hotel corridors smell like urine. The entrance to each room is also the entrance to another room so we have been woken several times by next door arriving and leaving. Being an apartment hotel our rooms were also not refreshed for the four nights we stayed nor did we get new towels for free) The hotel is a good location if you are working in the area but not really a great tourist area. It takes abot 30mins to walk to Oxford street from the hotel.	
Sep 13 2009 	Amazing for price comfort and location to be brief!	Went here for a short break in early September with my boyfriend. We had an excellent time. The rooms were spotless and modern and the kitchen had every tool you could ever think of, even down to a lemon juicer! The bed was a pull down so i was expecting minimal comfort but in reality it is comfier than my bed at home!! bigger than a double i am sure but then my boyfriend is quite slim! If i had to pick a bad point i'd say it was quite warm in the room, but i had read reviews before i went so i took my desk fan with and all was perfect. LCD TV and mood lighting really makes the stay a little bit more special as well. I I have read people complaining about the lack of space when the bed is down, fair the bed does take up a lot of room.. but how much floor space do you need when sleeping?! Service was more than fabulous as well. I would go back here in a SHOT, really really close to tube station and shops are literally across the road from the hotel. Perfect location. Ask for a top floor room with a balcony, you can see the gherkin from there. All in all a really special place.	
Aug 5 2009 	Citadines Barbican - comfortable and good location	Citadines Barbican was a rather good accomodation for my trip in London. Despite being in busy and not very cozy Goswell Road it's just blocks away from Clerkenwell (lovely part of town, with its Gastropubs and M&amp;S Simply Food for food) and you can reach St Paul's on foot and catch any bus from there. Also it's few hundred meters away from Barbican Station, although we preferred the upper deck of buses to get around London... the view is certainly better!Anyway, the place is good. Our apartment consisted of two rooms, a kitchen and a bathroom, all with recent furniture and two lcd TVs. The items which didn't work (the toaster and the shower) were immediately substituted the first day. The bed in the bedroom was huge, much larger than normal double beds (at least in those in Italy) and the sofa bed was comfortable too and especially easy to pull out.A small thing I didn't like was the very low ceilings, but instead from our apartment on the top floor there was a stunning view of the Barbican and of the Gherkin, too.The people at the reception were very friendly, and they happen to come from many different countries: in our case we could spoke Italian with Francesca, while French guests would have found a young man called Romain!	
Jul 23 2009 	Can't really compliment	Stayed there for three weeks while on a business trip. Was a convenient location and situated next to the Barbican tube station and a few minutes walk to liverpool and old street. Room also have high-speed internet.Room was small for studio and the folded up bed doesn't leave much room for anything else. The aircon in my room was blowing loudly - called the service counter and they sent a technician but technician said he wasn't able to fix it and used towels to cover the air outlet to lower the noise and suggested opening the windows instead ! Ridiculous !Room also did not have an ironing board and had to request for one. The safe deposit box was broken and again the technician had no clue how to fix it. After I left the hotel, the safe still wasn't fixed ! Room service wasn't always regular too and towels took irregular times to be replaced ! Probably they cater to suite room boarders first.A few of the staff at the counter weren't exactly helpful or cheerful also. Putting board your luggage at the holding bay after you had checked out meant almost any other people who did that could have access to your baggage, no questions asked !Wouldn't recommend for long term stay though.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good experience	the staff was helpful and the best thing was that each hotel room had kitchen so it was a good time cookingalso the hotel is situated in central londons heart	
May 21 2009 	Cheap but definately not cheerful	I stayed for one night in this hotel in September. I was originally to have stayed for a week, but needed to leave because it was so unbelievably hot in my room. This hotel does not have air conditioning.The service was terrible, and the bed was dreadfully uncomfortable. On the plus side, they did have a decent kitchen, We moved to the Citadines in Trafalgar Square for the rest of our stay. The bed was equally unpleasant and the service was actually surprising even worse. The other location did have air conditioning and the location was excellent.	
May 5 2009 	Nice and big room for a nice and a no big price	If you are looking for a king-size, supercomfortable bed, look further. But if you want space and an apartment-style, functional room, for a no very expensive price in central London, Citadines Barbican is a good bet.Room is big and clean. Bathroom is also bigger than usual in London hotels: it has a full-size bathtub and a contemporary look. The kitchen corner is also OK, with enough cutlery and crockery, a microwave oven, dishwasher, fridge...Beds are, in fact, sofa-beds. But mattress are better than the standard for a sofa-bed. Not very comfy, but not bad at all.It is not a high tech room, but it has a flat screen TV (tuner is not offering crisp images, channel selection is so-so: 5-6 main English channels –BBC, ITV--, BBC World News and several foreign channels –French, Spanish, Portuguese--; no cable or satellite), a DVD player, a free wired Internet connection (free wi-fi at hotel lobby, not very fast, as it's shared by all users) and a work desk.Sound isolation is nice, both from inside and outside. Windows open. I think there is not air conditioning (I don't need it during my stay).Service is limited. Citadines offers only a weekly room cleaning. If you want an extra cleaning, more towels (there is 2 per person) or any other extra, you must pay for it. Breakfast is not included (there is a not very attractive breakfast buffet every day). There is few staff members, and almost all are nice.The hotel is not extremely well situated for a leisure trip. Tube (Barbican station) is only 5 minutes away, but it's a stop for the old and slow Circle line. There is some convenient buses: 4 for St Paul Cathedral and The Strand (stop opposite the hotel) and 55 for Oxford Street (corner of Goswell Rd and Old Street). Next to the tube station, there is a Tesco Express open daily until 11pm. And if you walk 10 minutes to the East, there is a big Waitrose supermarket. Next to the 4 bus stop, there is a newsagent (closed on Sundays), a fruit and flowers shop and some cafés and eateries. Next to the 55 bus stop, there is a Pizza Express and a Pret a Manger. All the area has City timetables (shops close early in the afternoon, most close on Sundays).In brief, if it doesn't bother you make your bed every day, you want to avoid tiny rooms, are looking for something between an apartment rental and a hotel, and don't have a lot of money to spent, Citadines is a perfect place.Pros could be it's a clean place, kitchen and bath are nice, there is free InternetCons could be it not has a hotel-wide wi-fi connection, beds are so-so.PS: In my case, the best nightly rate for my stay was not on the Citadines official website, but on an online travel agency (base rates on Citadines.com doesn't include VAT. You can't see the final price, including taxes, if you don't send your credit card details. And then, you could have a surprise...)	
Apr 30 2009 	So....So!!	Looked ok when arrived late in the evening. We booked a studio with 2 beds. Very small but sound proof room. small kitchen with all you need and an ok bathroom. All on lets say 20 sqm. No space to walk around. Thge next morning the room showed its real age and it was not realy clean. If they offer it cheap and for just one night its ok. If you like camping!!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Convenient and Comfortable	I recently spent 4 nights in the Citadines Barbican Aparthotel with my husband who was attending a training course in the area. The location is incredibly convenient to central london and many tube stations such as Barbican, Moorgate and St Pauls. We booked a double studio which although compact was very well laid out with a small kitchenette area (including a massive fridge), dishwasher and cooker hob. Perfect if you want to self cater. The lounge area is small but makes good use of space by the couch folding out to a double bed when required. The bed is remarkably comfortable for a pull out bed - we were expecting it to be very uncomfortable and were pleasantly surprised.Good flat screen TV with heaps of channels and dvd player.The bathroom is acceptable. Good water pressure in shower although a little difficult to use. The Internet access if fantastic. Very fast connection and free of charge. Room is pleasantly warm although the air conditioning is a little on the noisy side, however we tuned it out after a while.Staff overall were efficient and friendly.All in all, a very comfortable stay in a great location. Would recommend, particularly to business travellers.	
Apr 20 2009 	Simple and perfect	First of all, its bad that all the hotels in UK are now non smoking. But the good point with this hotel is the location and of course you can smoke outside. The hotel is situated in the business center and all the major offices are easily reachable. Ensure you take your own food as there is no room service... its an apartment hotel. The net service is free and is really fast. The ambience of the hotel is eye catching. The staff is really professional. They even kept my luggage with them which was then handed over to my friend whom i copuld not meet in my trip. All in all, it was a good experince staying in this hotel.	
Mar 21 2009 	As good as hoped for and better than expected	This was a great place to stay in London. After a hard day’s walking nice to come back to a comfortable apartment where you can do your own thing and not have to sit on a bed to do it.Citadines Barbican is clean, neat and quiet. The fittings are new and everything works, which is more than I can say for places I’ve visited that cost a lot more money. Great little kitchen, with two burner hot plate, microwave, dishwasher and decent sized small fridge. Every room has fire doors which can be annoying but helps to make it all a lot quieter. Being jet lagged it was nice to wake up at midnight and go into the living room and diddle round on the internet leaving my partner comfortably snoring. The net connection is free (not wireless) and works pretty well for browsing. It’s 10mb per second so not super fast and would be slow if the hotel was full, but it’s March and I’m awake at 2am and it’s fine.Good area, lots of Tescos etc and Barbican tube just 200 yards away. Our one bedroom apartment faced away from the road so we looked at the backs of other apartments. The studios face the street and could be noisy, I don’t know.Friendly and accommodating staff. We arrived at 0830 and were able to get a room at 1100. There is a generous luggage room where you can store your bags and go for a walk while you wait. The breakfast area is small but adequate. I don’t think too many people ate the breakfast at 10 quid each. Go find a cafe instead (plenty of these and pubs etc within walking distance.)The best: heaps and heaps of cupboard space. It’s designed for 4 so two people can really spread out here. A small but serviceable bathtub/shower with HOT water, not lukewarm to stymie the lawyers. Quiet – never heard people tramping around overhead or televisions in other rooms. And the new fittings were welcome– there’s nothing worse than old appliances or paint jobs. This is nice. Oh, and they have windows in each room that open and you can let in fresh air. The worst: bed was a bit hard. If you like them soft you may have a problem here. Curtains aren’t really light blockers. Breakfast not worth the money. Nothing else.Bottom line: hotel was all I hoped it would be and way better than I expected. 8 out of 10.	
Oct 8 2008 	OK - but not as good as the reviews suggest on here!!	Stayed for one night on business.The hotel is located in the City area of London, which is very central - though away from most of the tourist hot spots.Check in was straight forward, and the staff were helpful.The room itself was clean and tidy, and had the cooker, dishwasher, fridge etc etc as already described. There was also the pull out bed, but that was what I was expecting, so no issues there. Considering it was a pull out bed, it was suprisingly comfy, though the pillows are quite thin!Had a flat screen TV &amp; DVD player, though the signal to the TV was not very good.The bathroom was quite small, that meant you needed to close the door to get to use everything, but was ok.Because the hotel is located in the city, everything closes at about 8pm, and there are very few bars or restaurants to choose from, though reception did help with a couple of recommendations.....there is a Pizza Express about a 5 minute walk away, which was quite nice.As the title of my review suggests, I thought the hotel was 'ok' but certainly not worthy (IMO) of the rating it received on Trip Advisor. I would rate the accommodation at a Premier Inn lodge standard - e.g. a step above a Travelodge. However it was clean and tidy, which in London is always a bonus!!	
Oct 6 2008 	Nothing short of terrible	As I was attending a trainin course not too far away in Old Broad St, this hotel seemed like a great idea given there is a kitchen, fridge and reasonable sized TV. I had seen on the website that the bed was a fold out sofa bed so no surprises. But what I didn't expect was for the room to stink of cigarette smoke. I guess this would have been one of the smoking rooms before it was banned. Which is all good and well, but the fact that the sofa bed just plain stank was repulsive. The bed itself was uncomfortable, the pillows were thin, cheap synthetics. The old fashioned scratchy blanket had a ciggy burn and had definitely seen better days. The so called broadband access was so slow it was unuseable, the air vent into the room was easily as loud as a hairdryer and kept me awake most nights, the metal canopes outside of the front window (I was on the first floor) rattled and banged in the wind all night and finally all of the TV stations were very fuzzy. Because I had been booked in there by my employer I had to stick it out all week, otherwise I would have walked straight out of there. I can't state strongly enough how bad this place is. AVOID!!!!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great	Great little hotel, ideally situated close to the Barbican, with the tube station only 2 minutes' walk away. Room was clean, nicely decorated and very comfortable and hotel staff were friendly. Would definitely recommend, especially because it's affordable. It's not lavish or luxurious, but it's a perfect bolthole for a weekend in the city.Only caveat: breakfast is NOT free. It's £9 for a continental breakfast, which is really, really steep! Would have awarded 5/5 were it not for that.PS - there is a DVD player and flatscreen in each room, so if you're staying for more than a few days, bring some DVDs!	
May 8 2008	Ideal for a quick overnight stay if viisiting Barbican centre	If you want luxury then Citadines isnt that but if you want comfort on a budget then this is ideal.Room was clean, had fridge, microwave, flat screen telly, DVD player and free ethernet broadband access which was good for connecting to the office via VPN. Also a safe to store valuables in.Bed is of the rollaway type but dont let that put you off.For the money it was good value.	
Feb 29 2008	superb location perfect for tourists but not 4 star!	I booked a 2 bed apartment in the hotel. We arrived on an early flight, headed straight to the hotel and they checked us in at 11 0'clock eventhough check in is 2 o'clock. We also left our luggage in a luggage room in hotel for the whole day (no charge) when we checked out. The location of the hotel is so central - right beside tube station, london eye, Houses of Parliment and of course Trafalgar Square. We had 3 young children and they loved every minute. The hotel is very impressive from the outside as its in an upmarket area but I would describe it as a 3 star basic hotel. The kitchen is really a cupboard. The bedrooms were quite spacious but sparse and no tvs except in living room. We spent very little time in the hotel so it was perfect for us.If you are looking for a hotel central to all major attractions in London definitely stay here. If you intend to spend time in your room or are after the usual hotel luxuries - DON'T STAY HERE!	
Nov 29 2007 	Great hotel but poor customer service.	The Citadines would have definitely got 5 stars from me if it hadn't been for the rude staff. I stayed here at the weekend with 6 friends. We had 3 rooms, 121 and 117 which were studio apartments and 604 which was a one bed apartment. PROS - *All the rooms were clean and modern. The furnishings, crockery and appliances were all in a good state of repair. The beds were comfortable - even the sofa beds, which were quite easy to get out.*Excellent value for money for a city centre hotel (We booked through gtatravel.com and paid £53 per person)*Communal areas were clean and tidy too.*The location is good. A few minutes walk to Barbican tube station for good connections to the West End and also a good bus service (that runs late) from The Strand.*Costcutter and Tesco grocery stores nearby and a bank with ATM.CONS - *The staff at check-in looked as though they couldn't be bothered and that our presence there was inconveniencing them. *The same 2 members of staff were then very unhelpful when we asked about bus services to Covent Garden (said there wasn't one and in fact there is)*On Sunday morning I wanted a coffee. I looked on the info sheet in our room and it stated that breakfast would be served between 7 and 10.30 in the breakfast area. We went down and found a coffee machine and small amount of buffet items, most of which had been out for a long time as they were hard or stale. We all had a coffee and a stale croissant and nothing else.When we came to check out the guy on reception (the same bored guy from the previous day) tried to charge us £9 each for breakfast. When I challenged him about where it said there was a charge for breakfast or why hadn't he told me when we checked in, he tried to blame it on me saying I had been in a rush. Needless to say I made him refund everyone who had already paid and refused to pay myself.In summary I would definitely recommend the Citadines as a good base for a stay in London but don't expect a high level of customer service.	
Sep 18 2007 	OKay beware of the VAT !	Stayed here twice now, comact studio apartment. Twin beds not very comfortable but OK. Small kitchen, larger bathroom (maybe they should swith them around !), clean and all the basics you would expect. Was amazed to be told my £88 rate was exlusive of VAT and had to pay £104 in total. It probably did say 'subject to VAT' or something on the website, but I have never been quoted a price exclusive of VAT before (if I did this at my hotel there would be uproar on arrival from most guests !).	
Aug 9 2007 	Unusual experience	My first stay at Citadines - the one in Goswell Road - was an unusual experience.I arrived one hour before my partner, whose plane was delayed into City Airport. Since he had made the reservation, and he was not there with me at reception, the guy on duty stiffed me for an entire night's stay from my credit card before he gave me the key to the room. Not very friendly or trusting for a confirmed booking.Upstairs, in the room, there is a very heavy fire-door between the bed/living room and the internal lobby/bathroom. This door is so heavy that it has to be propped open with a suitcase - thus negating its purpose - and from then onwards it gets in the way. The small apartment looks quite pleasant with the sofa bed shut, but when it is pulled open it fills the whole room. I agree completely with another traveller who has reviewed here: be careful getting out of the sofabed at night because the metal side runners are hard to negotiate, not being fully covered by the mattress. I came home with many bruises.The closet/wardrobe, as such, is in the bathroom.Having said all that, the tiny kitchenette works fine once you have figured out that you have to set the timer before the hot plates work. The range of crockery and cutlery provided made me laugh - you aren't expected to eat much other than oysters and salad. The CD player in the mini HiFi system was an unusual and welcome addition. There is a supermarket right across the road and a wine shop - very handy. It's easily walkable from the nearest Tube station.However, the day we checked out, reception - who were all French - kept phoning to say that we had to check out. I explained that my partner was in the shower. They still kept phoning. (A few months later we tried Citadines Trafalgar Square. The room was much bigger and the kitchenette in its own little room. It costs more than Barbican but that's because of the location - which is more convenient but on the other hand, noisier.)	
Jun 4 2007 	fine by me!	Having read the Citadines website there were no suprises.Check in/out was fine, efficient and no problems- this was the only time I spoke to the staff, or saw any.Room: oven,hob,fridge dishwasher and utensils all supplied. Bathroom was ok, everything worked and the water was hot. There did not appear to be any air-con controls, but the temperature was fine. The yellow decor was a little replusive, but since I was asleep for 90% of the time I was in the room- it didn't really matter. There was enough space for 2 people, you get a TV, CD player and a safe too. There was a hoover in the cupboard. Now the bed, which appears to be a problem for some. The website clearly states you get a sofa-bed, so no hidden suprise. However the hard part is putting it out- which I found to be a real struggle, but it's reasonably comfortable and already made-up when unfolded- magic!Next door and over the road are some Indian restuarants and shops (tesco metro very handy) Barbican tube is sited about 2 minutes walk away.If you are self catering this is a great value choice	
May 29 2007 	Exactly as advertised	Having read some of the reviews I too wanted to set the record straight. I stayed there from May 11 through to May 19 2007 and found the hotel, accommodations and services exactly as advertised. This was a holiday with my 14 year old daughter and it met all expectations. The room was clean (perhaps a bit dated but not an issue), the bath room fully functioning with a great shower and bathtub and included a hairdryer.The room included a microwave, toaster, toaster oven, kettle, two burner stove, small fridge and freezer along with everything two people would need to cook and eat simple meals.In addition to a TV (small) there was a table, two chairs and a sofa that contained two single beds (one on bottom that pulled out easily). It is not a full service hotel and we did not expect a daily room cleaning, we understood that it was an apartment hotel. Our room was cleaned once during the week, any items like toilet paper that we ran out of were replace quickly and easily at the front desk and all services (like daily maid service) can be purchased if you need it.We found the staff very friendly at all times. I used the laundry facilities and found them clean, easy to use and washed our clothes perfectly.The hotel does not advertise wireless internet in your room, it is a plug in cable and works fine, and you can get wireless downstairs in the lobby as advertised also.We were just around the corner from the tube and although on the east side of London very easy to get around and be in the west end very quickly (just purchase an Oyster card, load it up and take any form of transit you like).There were nice restaurants nearby (an Italian restaurant a few doors down with a fixed price menu) and a couple of convenience stores (one across the street and a Tesco between the Tube and the hotel).All in all exactly as advertised and for the price it cannot be beat!	
Apr 29 2007 	Nice apartment free internet	On seeing the range of reviews on this site for the Citadines London Barbican I'd like to submit one of my own, having returned from a 5 night stay there.The hotel was easy to find... turn left when exiting Barbican tube station and it's a 2 minute walk.I arrived on a Sunday afternoon and the hotel was fairly quiet, one person in reception. Checking in was straight forward, paying for my stay in advance. It was hotel policy to photocopy the guest's passport but the only id I had with me was my driving licence and that was okay. I was given a key and also my apartment's direct dial phone number (0207566****).My room was compact but not cramped. It was on the 4th Floor, sharing key access from the corridor with the apartment next door. I assumed that my key wouldn't open their door and vice versa (although I never tried!). Towards the end of the corridor is the waste disposal room. Inside is a chute for you to throw your rubbish down. Furniture in the apartment consists of a double sofabed, end table, tub chair, dining table with 2 chairs and an entertainment unit for the 14&quot; telly, CD-radio-cassette Hi-Fi system and speakers. Open the wardrobe doors and there was a cylinder vacuum cleaner, iron and board, electronic room safe, a couple of pillows and a spare blanket. There was hanging space and about 10 hangers. The kitchen area has a small fridge freezer, microwave oven, toaster, kettle, hot plates, small oven/grill and a dishwasher (with complimentary dishwasher tablet!). For those preferring a more hands on approach to washing up, a sponge and a couple of tea towels are also provided. In the cabinets and drawers were pots and pans, kitchen utensils, glassware, crockery and cutlery for two. The room itself was very warm, even with the heating switched off - I had arrived on the day of the London Marathon and the weather was warmer than usual for the time of year. The fridge freezer looked feeble but surprisingly wasn't; it made my ice cubes without problem. The window worked very well in blocking out the noise from the city but I had little choice but open to it as the room at times was just too warm. There was no air-con. The en-suite consists of a toilet, wash basin and bath with the shower above it. The shower is very powerful and a joy to use. There is also a shaver adaptor and hair dryer unit which is useful for demisting the mirror after having a shower! As expected, there were two sets of hand and bath towels and a bath mat. Also, there was a complimentary small bar of hand soap and 30ml tubes of Citadines green tea scented conditioning shampoo and shower gel. As the room never got cleaned during my 5 night stay, none of these toiletries got replaced but I'd brought my own anyway.I tried out the Hi-Fi. It was functional and did what it was supposed to; nothing special. The TV was a little disappointing. There was no Sky, Freeview or cable as we know it, just a choice of BBC1, BBC2, ITV1, Channel 4, Channel 5, Eurosport, plus foreign language channels TVCi (Catalan), TVE (Spanish), Rai Uno (Italian), M6 (French) and TF1 (French). For some reason, the TV did not like it when I put it on standby using the remote control. It switched off but seconds later, turned itself on again but showing just white noise. It was like something out of Poltergeist because the remote then stopped working altogether and I had to physically switch it off. There should have been wireless broadband access from my apartment but the signal was too weak. But for those who could get it (ie those nearer the ground floor), authenticating to the hotel's wireless facility was just a case of obtaining a free 24hr token from a ticket machine near reception and using the userid and password printed on it. There was one PC near reception for guests without their own computers to use. But having said all that, my room did come with complimentary high speed internet access via a network cable (coming out of a Cisco CPE) which did not require any tokens. I Just connected the cable into my computer's network port, opened up a browser which took me to the Citadines connect screen, accepted the T&amp;C’s and I was on the internet.And finally to bed... This was a little tricky. The instructions on the laminated card next to the sofabed did not describe the full technique required to unfold it. After a lot trial and error, I managed to do it. The technique is not too dissimilar to the clean and jerk move you see in Olympic weightlifting! It helps if you're taller than 5'4&quot; as I could just about manage it. I felt sorry for the little old lady who was checking in just after me. Unless she's SuperGran, there's no way she could unfold her bed without help. To my annoyance, I later found an insert in the appliances folder in the kitchen area with the correct instructions on how to open and close the bed. The folder also had details on how to operate the TV and Hi-Fi as well as the kitchen appliances. Having unfolded the bed, it was already made; flat sheets and a fleece blanket nicely tucked. I took the pillows out of the wardrobe and that was that. The bed was firm but comfortable, the pillows however were too soft for my liking. A word of warning... Care should be taken when getting out of bed. It is very easy to catch the back of your legs on the metal folding mechanism. I avoid this I just pulled the mattress across to cover it.My overall experience of the Citadines London Barbican was quite pleasant. It is easy to get to from the tube, quite a few food places nearby (on Old Street at the top of the road). The apartment was clean and reception staff friendly. Not a bad hotel if you don't mind making cleaning up after yourself and making your own bed!	
Feb 12 2007 	Good Hotel friendly staff will be even better once renovated	I stayed here on the night of the 20th Dec 2006. I was attending a concert at the Barbican Centre, so this hotel was very handy. I arrived at around 4:30 pm and check in fine, the guy on duty was friendly and helpful, and I had no problem understanding him, or with him understanding me. I did have one problem though. The corridors are arranged so you have one door, leading to two more doors, behind each of these doors are the actual appartments. The first room I was given, the corridor door was fine, but the appartment door would not lock, not good, especially for a women traveling alone. However, I went back down to check in and explained the problem, they noted the room number and arranged for the lock to be fixed, and I was given an appology, for the inconvenance and the key to the next door room, and the lock was fine.Once unpacked and ready I went back down to the foyer and asked the guy on duty the best way to the Barbican Centre. He said that there were two routes, but that the one he used was marked from outside the Barbican underground station, and he explained the route, I already knew where Barbican underground station was, as it was where I'd come from.So, I found the staff I spoke to helpful and friendly, and the room was clean and big enough for me. Would have been nice to have instruction book on the microwave, but on the whole it was just what I needed, but I look forward to staying again once the renovations are undertaken.	
Feb 7 2007 	Excellent location	Citadines Trafalgar square was ok. We were on a weekend break and stayed in a studio, room 517. From the window there was absolutely no view, but the room was on a quiet side of the building so we got a good night's sleep. Room was ok, a bit small, but bigger than in London usuaylly. I've stayed in various hotels in London and Citadines is the best by far. We didin't cook but we appreciated water boiler so we could make ourselves a cup of tee. Also the fridge was nice, and there was a Tesco market at Trafalgar square to buy sandwitches from. If you want to eat breakfast downstairs, it costs 9 pounds - expensive.The bathroom was big and clean. Only problem was that the tap in the shower was really tight. You had to lift it with all your strenght to get the water to come out. At first we didn't and thought the shower was broken, so we got moved to a room 410. There we tried the tap and noticed that you need to use a lot of strenght. So we asked to get back to room 517 which felt like a nicer room. The staff was friendly and helpful. We asked for the information about a bus going to Liverpoolstr. Station and the person checking us out double checked that we had got the information and knew where to go. All in all a very good experience to stay at Citadines. Would definetely recommend it to my friends and will stay in it again.	
Jan 29 2007 	Great if you want to cook but incompetent service	Let's set something straight right away: this is not a hotel in the conventional sense. Think of it as a tiny efficiency apartment in this most expensive of cities and you'll be ok. The best thing about this hotel, and this chain in general, is that whatever amount you spend on the room (and it's London...it's going to be a lot, although the per night fee is reduced for longer stays) you might save IF you like to cook and really use the kitchen. Otherwise, if you're looking for room service, regular housekeeping, a competent, friendly, English-speaking, helpful staff, go elsewhere. No one who works in this hotel is English and no one is particularly interested in helping you do anything. Forget a concierge. Forget a manager. Rooms are cleaned once a week for long-term guests. It's a free-for-all down there at the front desk. Good luck.Now, that said, I have stayed here many times, for as long as three weeks. It is not the best Citadines in the City (Trafalgar Square or Holborn are better), nor is it well served by public transportation (close to the Barbican Circle line, but that's not great). But it is quiet, clean, comfortable and relatively decent for this town. The beds are futons, and some people find them hard. They also double as your sofa, although they're so cumbersome to move up and down, you'll probably just leave them out. The bathrooms are high-end dormitory, but the showers are good. Housekeeping comes by once a week (for weekly guests). Other than that, folks, you're on your own. Personally, I like that because I don't need a lot of extras and I love to cook. But if you want a full service hotel, avoid this place.Two tips: don't use the laundry machines here. They're terrible, and if something goes wrong, no one will help you. I've spent whole nights in that room sobbing while my clothes sit locked in a twitching washing machine. Horrible. There's a laundromat across the street, attached to the Barbican Centre. If you are cooking, there's a fabulous Fresh and Wild down Old Street: right at the top of the street where the hotel is and a 12 minute walk east. Great organic and whole foods.	
Dec 13 2006 	would rather stay at my in-laws	My wife checked in to what seemed like a modern hotel comparable to a Upscale Extended Stay hotel in the US (based on the website).This hotel is in dire need of renovation and modernization both asthetically and mechanically.My wife was switched to 3 different rooms, and unless these were the 3 worst rooms in the entire hotel, I feel this should be a pretty accurate review of this hotel.The bathrooms were very out dated by US standards, again asthetically and mechanically. The bathrooms and living areas could use a deep cleaning. Most hotels that I have stayed at are kept clean like hospitals. You don't expect perfection because of the high trafic of use in the rooms but you should expect clean bathroom floors and tubs, carpet that looks like its been vacumed the same year of your stay, and clean white sheets.Be carefull what you book too. We booked a Studio with 2 standard beds. What the hotel considers a standard bed is a pull-out sofa bed. If you want a real bed you need to upgrade to their Apartment room which at the time of our stay was twice as much.Our expectations where definitely not met with the room, but if you read this, you should know what to expect before you arrive to your lovely room.My biggest frustration was the Desk Staff. Without going into too much detail their behavior and attitude was disapointing and plain RUDE. From the tone in their voices to the actual words that came out, we felt that their is no way in [----]that they had any intention on helping us, the traveler, with our experience. So, now that you know, book another hotel, unless you are ok with these kind of accomidations and service. We will be staying at an American Brand hotel our next trip to London. That way we know what to expect and shouldn't be mis-led by pretty pictures on the web.	
Mar 2 2006	A fold-down sofa-bed?	The title says it all; for an apart-hotel I thought the lounge looked nice - it then took me a while to work out that the sofa was the bed! Not as bad as the Barbican Thistle up the road but not what you would expect for over £100 per night.	
Feb 4 2006	no complaints	We nearly cancelled our overnight stay when we read some reviews but I am glad we didn't. We chose the Citadines because we wanted to enjoy a concert at the Barbican without worrying about catching the last train and it was lovely to be 'home' in just a few minutes. We had packed fleece dressing gowns as we had read complaints about the cold and lack of bedding ... but there was no need. The place was nice and warm although there was just a blanket, no duvet. The shower was fine and there were enough clean towels. The staff were pleasant and helpful. At nearly £100 for a bed for the night i wouldn't call it cheap but we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again if there was something at the Barbican we particularly wanted to see. Having a little kitchen was a great idea and it saved us having to pay to eat out so compared to an ordinary hotel it was a good deal.	
Jan 20 2006 	Stay Away	This is one shabby hotel. I had been in London for a month doing the hotel hopping thing. I thought a service hotel with a kitchenette might make things a little more homey for me. When I made the reseravation, I specified a non-smoking room. Of course, they neglected to give me a non-smoking room. After some confusion, I was put on the non-smoking floor. The rooms are very strangely arranged. You walk through the hallway, and open a door, inside there are 2 doors, to 2 different rooms. I was a little uncomfortable with that. It seems more for a family where you can close the outer door and walk in between 2 rooms easily. I was surprised to find the bed is nothing more than a sofa bed. That was not comfortable. The kitchenette was clean enough though. I couldn't get the little fridge cold enough. Then again, that wasn't necessary since the heat was almost non existent. It was so cold that I actually got up in the middle of the night and put on my winter jacket. To make things even worse, my next door neighbor was smoking up a storm. And it felt like I was in a smokey bar. I don't know what possessed me, but I knocked on his door. A Pakistani man poked his head out. He claims that it was a smoking floor while the big sign by the elevator clearly said &quot;Non-Smoking Floor&quot;. I found out from the front desk that this man had been there for 2 months. The hotel had a lot of Indian/Pakistani guests. They appear to be business men, staying long term. I do not recommend this hotel. There are few other Citadines in London. I understnad Holborn was much better. But I've never stayed there so I can't vouch for it. In any case, this hotel is definitely on my never to visit list.	
Jan 19 2006	Nice Little Home in the City	After encountering some problems with our original lodgings, we found the Citadines Barbican, and moved there for a week. We were very pleased with the room, which was small but efficient, pleasant and comfortable. The staff was wonderful, and the free internet in the lobby was a nice plus. The Coconut Lagoon (an Indian restaurant) connects to the hotel, and it was very good. I really love this area, near St. Paul's, the Museum of London, and the City. The Barbican tube station is just a block and a half away, and we were able to get a taxi within a minute or two at any time of the day. I plan to spend another week here in April, and for the price (75 pounds per night), I couldn't find anything else in the area that compared.	
Jun 15 2005	Comfortable adequate lodgings for our family	We chose this apartment because it was close to relatives. Though it is outside of the immediate touristy areas, the Underground is 1 block and away and the trains run all the time. I stayed in a 1-bedroom apartment with my husband and 3-year old son. Having a bedroom separate from the living area was a bonus, highly recommend spending the extra $$.Linen was clean, main bed was actually quite good (nice and firm), adequate hanging space/storage, iron/ironing board, wall-mouted heaters and enough crockery and utensils in the kitchen to prepare a small meal. Gripes - the shower was terrible (the Brits just haven't discovered the joys of high-pressure shower-heads!) Kitchen was functional but dingy. There were washers and dryers located in the basement but they were VERY expensive eg. 7-pounds for one wash and dry. Carpark was expensive and difficult to negotiate (we were unable to get a station wagon in there).Free internet and wireless access in the lobby is a bonus, supermarket only a short walk away, good public transport close by (the only way to travel in London). Overall a good little joint, not flash but clean, quiet and comfortable. Would recommend if travelling with young kids as you have the conveniences of a kitchen and a spare bedroom if needed.	
Jun 13 2005	Actually I thought it was really good!	Ive just come back from a long weekend (3 nights) staying in the citadines aparthotel in trafalgar square. Its possible that because I am used to travelling on a budget (and my budget at that, not a company one) that my expectations are lower than the other reviewers here - but I was actually very pleased with it. For £80 a night, all in, me and my partner got a clean and very presentable room, in a fantastic central location (one minute from the tube, and there was even a tesco express two hundred yards away for food shopping), a good bathroom, with a decent shower and plenty of hot water, a compact kitchen with everything we needed (including dishwasher), and a reasonable sized room with a table, chairs and a double sofa bed (which pulled out into a bed very easily in about 10 seconds and was more comfy than it looked). In addition to this the staff were friendly and competentI have stayed in London a few times over the years and for the money (because lets face it, London is a rip off at the best of times!) I thought it was really good. We were happy to make our own breakfasts and evening meals (and when it suited us, not the hotel kitchens) and saved a ton of money doing it (did I say I was used to travelling on a budget?!)Its no 4 star palace, but if your lookin for somewhere that is central, clean and that allows you more flexibility than a traditional b&amp;b or hotel then I would heartily recommend this place. I will definitely be staying here when I visit london again.	
Feb 1 2005	Functionality doesn't always look good	Not that well decorated or inviting but functional and has a good location. I only stayed there one night at the expense of my company and I have a feeling that any longer on the sofabed with the fridge humming all night and I might have gone mad. If you are out all day it's perfect but still expensive; hey, it's London.	
Jan 27 2005	Bumped by yourstay but Citidines almost OK	I have just returned from London staying in Citidines, Trafalgar Square, however I booked with yourstay. I thought I was getting a two bedroom apartment but had problems so transferred my family here. The hotel has a presentable lobby but the rooms were small and very standardised with heavily patterned fabrics. The staff were friendly and efficient, but had nothing to do with the people we booked with. London attractions are nearby from Westminster to the river Thames attractions and the theatre district. We expected a proper apartment from yourstay but Citidines would have been acceptable if we had booked there instead. However, the switch was very disappointing and upsetting. The apartment is well planned internally though this means it was very compact. The beds were quite solid. It is reassuring that they are so efficient themselves, like a hotel, but a full apartment would be better value for a longer stay, however you have to look harder. The Citidines aparthotels are very well located and planned.	
Sep 21 2003	You get what you pay for	I stayed at the Barbican Citadines ten days at the start of a year's relocation to London. It's not horrible, but it's not great. Citadines promotes itself as being an &quot;apart'hotel&quot;, meaning that it's supposed to be better than the usual hotel room because your bed folds into a sofa and you have a kitchenette, so you can make it presentable enough to entertain business associates. The reality is that the kitchen's really just barely adequate for warming over Marks and Spencer dishes, and the sofabed is just as uncomfortable as every other sofabed you've ever slept on. With all of the luggage my husband and I brought over, there was barely enough room to walk around when the bed was open, and folding the bed up left you with a slightly too-small, uncomfortable sofa. Also, the hot water heater couldn't provide enough hot water for two pleasant showers in a row without a lengthy waiting time. It's not a room you can ever really get comfortable in. We were only there because the company is trying to stick to a budget and it's apparently the cheapest hotel within shouting distance of the City. A comparably priced hotel that I stayed at in Paris was so much higher in quality that I think this demonstrates just how ridiculously expensive London is.	
Jul 28 2009 	Calidad y bien comunicado		
Jul 19 2009 	confortevole ben collegato buon prezzo		
May 21 2009 	Londra economica e confortevole??Qui è possibile!		
Apr 26 2009 	optimo para londres		
Apr 10 2009 	??????		
Dec 12 2008 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Aug 7 2008 	Piccolo ma comodo e pulito.		
May 24 2008 	Ottimo soluzione soprattutto per famiglie		
