	Top Hotel in a Top Location!	My mother and I stayed here over a weekend, after getting a great deal through Lastminute.com. It's a fantastic hotel (the atrium area in particular is quite stunning), with wonderfully attentive staff, comfortable bedrooms and is literally a stone's throw away from St Paul's. Our room even had a view of St. Paul's, although I suspect most don't. Some small niggles were the smell of paint that permeated parts of the hotel and that the bathroom only had a deluge-type shower head, so my hair got wet every time I showered. The price for breakfast would have been extortionate (£23pp!) had we not discovered a lovely Cafe Rouge just up the road that provided us with more reasonable options AND with a better view.But those are just niggled - on the whole, a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The service was impeccable and very friendly, from the porter to reception to the concierge and the chamber maids. The room was pleasant, with a well stocked mini bar, tea making facilities, very comfortable beds and black out blinds. Bedrooms are divided across two buildings, and while I couldn't comment on rooms in the main complex, our rooms was far enough away from the hotel bar and general bustle for there not to be any noise issues. And you really couldn't ask for a better location - St. Paul's and the Tate Modern are right on the doorstep and there are good food options nearby if you don't want to pay hotel prices.	
	Great location - not a five star	Stayed here weekend 27th-29th November . Perfect location right beside St Paul's,, nice hotel but some glitches. Fire alarm went off twice on the first night- apology posted to say somebody had been smoking........ anyhow, we are reasonable people and these things happen. The bar was busy at night but no atmosphere and service very slow - not a major complaint as London is full of good places to go. Main complaint was the shower was very fancy but water on Sunday morning not nearly hot enough- a big minus for me - whats wrong with a simple efficient power shower?Conclusion - good hotel, not five star. Staff very pleasant, price excellent.	
	Very modern comfortable hotel	Very well appointed, modern hotel about 2 minutes' walk from St Paul's Cathedral. Very spacious public areas. Bedrooms large and well decorated. Shower a little fiddly , but worked well. Fitness centre is advertised, but not available as yet (although there is a reciprocal arrangement with a sister hotel which is about 20 minutes walk away in Holborn.	
	Great room great location for business	At the price we paid for this hotel, it is highly recommended (a steal at 90 pounds per night). Great location, right next to beautiful St Paul's Cathedral and only a few minutes walk to 3 tube stations. Low price was due to fact that part of the hotel was being built, but we did not see nor hear any construction. Room was very new &amp; trendy, bathroom slightly small, however that is typical of London hotel rooms. Great to stay if you are in town for business. Our purpose was more to see the sights, so be prepared to travel around 10-15 minutes on the tube to the west end area. Staff were very friendly. I would not stay there for the rack rate.	
	Fantastic Hotel and value for money	This is a great hotel for the money and an excellent location next to St Pauls.Our T.V did not work, but it was ok because we were both very sleepy when we arrived.They sent everyone up to see if they could fix it, but could not... the manager even came up and the Director phoned to see if he could help.... in the end they sent us up a great bottle of wine on the house and said we did not have to pay our room service bill, which was rather large. The staff are so polite and really make you feel welcome... apparently it has only been open a short time. I say good luck for your future &quot;The Grange Hotel&quot; and to you all, go there, stay there, you will love it.	
	Nightmare! Maybe will be great some day.	I Checked-in on Nov 27th with a rude front-desk staff which did not make any effort to please us. I was coming from Paris so was kind of immune to staff rudeness but that was a big surprise and shock in a hotel in London which pretends to be a 5 star. Despite we could visibly see lots of people checking-out just like any typical business hotel in a Friday we were not arranged an early check-in. At some point I speculated with myself that it might be related to the fact that we got our room via lastminute.com because from the movement in the front-desk it was so obvious that there were certainly rooms available by that time (~10am).I have a typical accent but work for an American company and speak English every day. Even being used to be comprehended in every part of the world the lady in the front-desk showed great difficulty in understanding me what will require her some listening classes given the pretensions of the hotel of being an international class business 5 stars.The biggest absurd however was yet to come. After not being allowed to rest upon my arrival I really needed to rest at night. The fire alarm rang at 6am causing huge panic but as it stopped I called reception which informed us that was a false alarm. It rang again at 7:40am and when I called the reception (well, I think I could recognize that voice)… I started by saying that was inadmissible and was not even allowed to finish my phrase because she interrupted me saying she would call me back after she checked if we needed to evacuate. Well, I am writing this post 30 minutes later at 6:10am and I am still waiting that call.Differently of the front desk the concierge is very kind and make all efforts to be helpfull and this is the only reason I gave service a rate 2 otherwise it would be zero for the hotel on average.I see the same failures as other raters, bath soaked, just two towels left in the bathroom, etc.All in and out even getting it via lastminute.com it was not a good value for the money because the least you expect from a hotel is a place to rest and I definitely not only could not rest but I am getting stressed and upset in the middle of my vacations.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location no mobile coverage in rooms	As I say, I could not get mobile coverage in my room, as the window of my room looks into the hotel (which is also quite disconcerting, as I could easily see into other rooms, and thus kept my curtains permanently drawn). I therefore had to leave my room to go to an outside window to make or receive calls. There was no storage area in the rooms for clothing, except for one small shelf, and one very cramped closet. If you are here for one night, I suppose it would be OK.	
Nov 23 2009 	Slightly Mixed Feelings	We paid £212 for an executive twin room (Saturday night) which was very pleasant on the whole, let down by shower doors that leaked, ending in soaked bathroom and noise all night long from a nearby lift. If we hadn't taken earplugs we would have had to complain and be moved.There are plenty of helpful staff on hand- you can hardly take a step without someone appearing and offering assistance- after a while it became quite comical but was always very polite.The hotel is very modern looking- all polished black floors and glass, sometimes a little disorientating. Location is good, nice to be out of the west end mayhem and walking out in the morning to see the cathedral. A quick walk over the bridge to Tate, Globe and Southbank.Checkout was a bit frosty after they tried to charge us for mini bar drinks we hadn't had, not a nice note to leave on and a shame after the efforts made to create a friendly atmosphere.Overall- good but i wouldn't pay any more, it was just about right for the money.	
Nov 21 2009 	Fabulous Hotel with Central Location	We booked four nights through lastminute.com and used the sectet hotel option. We paid 460GBP in total which was a steal. As stated in other reviews the hotel has yet to complete the spa, swimming pool and fitness centre but you can access another hotels facilities at no charge. The business centre was free until our last day and they now charge 10GBP for an hour but you do have free WiFi in the rooms. We were upgraded to the top floor (room 710) and a larger room. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel was very clean and tastefully decorated. As you can see by the photos the rooms are lovely. A gripe is that the beds were two singles bolted together and were hard and like the previous reveiwer, our turn down service only happened once. The rain shower is too close to the wall meaning you have to stand over the plug hole when you shower but the bathroom is very nice. The glass elevator is wonderful and gives you a great view of the atrium. We ate out every day so I'm not sure what the food is like but breakfast will set you back 20GBP. They did take 200GBP off our credit card which took two weeks to reverse which wasn't so much a problem but they didn't let us know about it. The location is outstanding. 2 minutes walk to St Pauls Cathedral, 5 minutes in the opposite direction will have you on the banks of the Thames and St Pauls Station is only 5 minutes walk away. There are plenty of shops and eating places within walking distance as well as an information centre. We would return especially if we got a good deal.	
Nov 20 2009 	Pleasing accomodation	Just returned from four nights at the Grange St Pauls, what can I say, the hotel was superb, about a 10 minute walk from the monument tube station &amp; 5 mins from St Pauls tube station which we used more frequently, as despite the hotels advise, is closer when walking to the hotel. Check in was fine, the reception staff being pleasant &amp; happy to help, at this stage I requested a room with an external facing window to avoid privacy issues previously noted on other reviews, when situated within the atrium. The room itself was beautiful,as was the bathroom both spotlessly clean &amp; well appointed with Molton Brown toiletries, as one would expect of a 5* hotel. Free internet access was flawless &amp; the digital air conditioning worked well. This is a newly built hotel, which is not yet finished, accordingly we experienced various issues, such as the main lifts not operating, the main entrance doors being closed etc, be assured it did not detract from our stay. The only issue with the room was a flickering light within the bathroom &amp; a lack of any cold water pressure, hot water plentiful &amp; boiling, but the lack of cold water reduced the shower pressure &amp; made filling the bath a lenghty process, a pity as the bath &amp; shower enclosure were both fantastic. The house keeing staff seemed efficient with regard to the room servicing, however over our 4 nights the beds were only turned down once, altough not really a problem for us, we also noticed many room service trays with used cuttlery littering the corridors, which seemed to take a long time to remove. We extended our check out time until 12.30pm without any charge. I would love to revist this hotel again, however I note from booking another trip for this coming christmas &amp; new year, the rates have gone through the roof, hence we are staying at the Hilton Tower Bridge, which will have to be fantastic to better the Grange St Pauls. Go on treat yourself, I doubt you will be dissapointed !!!!	
Nov 17 2009	Modern hotel in a good location	I booked a two night stay through tickettree with tickets to the Phamtom The Opera .Stayed for two nights in november for my mothers 70th birthday . Even though we arrived two hours before the check in time of 2pm we were given we our room and were also up graded to an excecutive twin , The room had two double beds which were very comfortable with lovely bed linen. The bathroom was decorated in black and white with a modern suite and a fantastic shower (and the water was hot )!!!The continental breakfast was included in our deal , I am not sure I would pay £23 for it but I will say it was very nice with a good selection of cereal,cold meats ,cheeses and pastries .I feel the hotel is more geared to business clients as it has excellent conference facilities . It is very open plan and vast so there seemed to be loads of space and very few peopleso it did lack the charm and atmosphere of the more traditional hotels.Other than that its in a good location with plenty of bars and restaurants near by also it is very near the Thames ,Millenium bridge and Tate modern.There are tube stations near by with good conections to other attractions in london.If you prefer a very modern decor and lots of glass then this is the right hotel for you but if you are looking for traditional charm and a cosy atmosphere then I don't think the Grange St pauls is for you.	
Nov 17 2009 	First Class	This was my second stay at this hotel. Great location right beside St Pauls Cathedral and 20 minute walk to the City. Close to the South Bank via the Millenium Bridge.Rooms are very modern and spacious - my 6th floor room had a fantastic view of the dome of St Pauls.Breakfast a bit pricey but that's London for you.Well worth a try.	
Nov 16 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel Friendly Service Molton Brown Toiletries...	This is a really gorgeous hotel. The atrium/reception area is really impressive and you get the service and welcome you would expect from a 5* hotel. The check-in was very pleasant, they treated me with respect and were friendly and attentive to my needs.My room was amazing! It looked into the atrium and normally I would feel a bit odd about their being no natural light, but it didnt matter at all! I only wish I had been there on a weekend break, and not for work, so that I could have spent more time in the room. The curtains and bed linen were beautiful, thick, luxurious fabrics that added to the glamour of the room. The bathroom was fantastic - with a whole heap of delicious Molton Brown toiletries (I thought I'd outgrown taking the toiletries from hotels...oh no!) and the most amazing power shower. The mini bar was the average price for this sort of hotel and offered a good selection. Nice choice of different herbal teas too. We had to leave early the next day so didnt get to sample the breakfast. The only slight negative was the price of the drinks in the bar. I know London is expensive - but £40 for three drinks is excessive. Having said that, the bar staff were friendly, helpful and attentive - so the experience was still a good one, but perhaps that was just because I could expense it...! I would not hesitate to stay at the hotel again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Stay here if you can!	I stayed for one night at the Grange St Paul's. It was the Lord Mayor's show the day we checked in so the hotel was very busy. I got a deal via Lastminute Secret Hotels for room only but with hindsight I should have booked via the hotel's website as the published room rate was the same price and included breakfast. We checked in 45 minutes early and were upgraded to an executive twin which had two double beds. Our room was on the third floor and overlooked the atrium. Check in staff were quick and courteous.The location of the hotel for me was perfect as we were going to an event near the Royal Courts of Justice (about 15 minutes walk) followed later on by dinner on the Southbank which is a short walk from the hotel over the Millennium Bridge. The Globe Theatre, Tate Modern, Clink Prison and replica of the Golden Hinde are also located over the bridge. Chain restaurants nearby on the Southbank include Pizza Express, The Real Greek, Wagamamas, GBK. There are a couple of pubs that do food including the Founders Arms (which has patio heaters and blankets) and the Old Thameside Inn. These are traditional pubs and I can recommend the food in the Founders Arms on Bankside (which you can see to the right of the Tate Modern as you cross the bridge) and the mulled cider in the Old Thameside Inn (which is adjacent to the Golden Hinde in Clink Street on the way to London Bridge).For breakfast we ate at Cafe Rouge which is right by the hotel. Two breakfasts including drinks were £17.00 - a lot cheaper than paying £23.00 each in the hotel.I looked at the room service menu and for a 5 star hotel it was very reasonable. There is also a room service charge of £4.00 per tray.The minbar is computerised so anything that its removed from the fridge you will be charged for. A can of diet coke is £2.50 and a small box of Pringles £2.75!I would definitely stay in this hotel again but suspect the prices will increase once the health club is finished and open for business.	
Nov 14 2009 	Terrible poorly trained staff.	We stayed at this hotel for just under a week. It is conveniently located and modern. However, the majority of the staff are, quite simply, incompetent. 'Do not disturb' appears to mean just knock louder. On complaining, it stopped until later in the day. When ordering room service the individual on the telephone could hardly speak English and when I asked if there was someone else I could speak with, I was told there was not. When ordering a cheeseburger, i was told they only did beefburgers and not cheeseburgers. I enquired as to whether they had cheese, they did. Could they put some on the beefburger, they said they could not. These are not characteristics of a 5* hotel. Until the service improves i recommend that if you are looking for 5*'s you look elsewhere.	
Nov 11 2009 	Shiny new hotel;excellent location	Stayed 2 nights to attend Opera and conference the following day. Rapid helpful check-in. Spectacular ascent to 5th floor through atrium. V comfortable bed;bathroom compact and shower temperature not quite hot enough for meHad breakfast at Paul's just beyond St Pauls Cathedral one morning,hotel the next. The hotel breakfast is overpriced at £23 although quality of ingredients ok (except limp toast!)Although primarily business area,transport links excellent for Royal Opera House and my conference near Regents Park.Top Secret Hotel via Last Minute.com-v good value	
Nov 10 2009 	London Hotel with style and value	Grange St Paul's is a new hotel near St. Paul's Cathedral in London. It is modern in design, with superb rooms, well fitted and furnished. The beds and the bathroom are particularly recommended. From before we entered we experienced the professionalism of the staff.The street was temporarily blocked on Saturday pm so our taxi could not deliver us to the door. The doorman on duty was aware of this and came to meet us and help with our bags.His anticipation was indicative of the service we experienced throughout our stay.This is highly and tastefully regenerated part of London with good chain restaurants, cafes and some wonderful old pubs. Access from Gatwick Airport could not be easier. On weekdays, First Capital Connect trains run every 15 mins to Thamesiink Station on Ludgate Hill, 200 metres from the hotel.Our short stay was a revelation. This is a great part of London to explore and while the hotel will be popular with City business types it should not be ignored by tourists.The view of St. Paul's Cathedral from the 7th floor terrace of the hotel is breathtaking.	
Nov 9 2009	Overall very very good	Booked at rejsefeber.dk Stayed from 5-8 nov at room 435.Knew it was a top secret hotel.It turned out as we hoped to be an absolute bargain.Room was plenty big enough. A nice big king size bed. Bad pillows - my wife thought they were ok. Very very comfy bed. Our room overlooked the atrium inside the hotel. It was totally quiet. We did not hear a noise all night. No people, no cars, nothing. Very peaceful and amazing considering we were in the middle of London.Bathroom was nice. It was well laid out and very modern - all black &amp; white. Giant heated mirror plus lit up magifying mirror &amp; powerful modern hairdryer. Shower was lovely and water really hot. Gorgeous Moulton Brown toiletries (8 bottles!).Check in was friendly and fast. . Concierge was very friendly and helpful.We did not eat dinner at the hotel except breakfast the last morning - I did not think it was worth 23 £. Waiting staff were efficient and polite and our tea were all served hot and quickly. With arcon you can get the temperature you want in the room.Overall an absolute bargain. Right next to St Pauls, in a quiet location, near places to eat but not too busy and yet within easy tube or bus ride of anywhere you could want to go in London. Luxury hotel, very new, very modern, very clean rooms and efficient friendly staff. I	
Nov 9 2009 	What a Fantastic Hotel	Faultless from check in to check out, room was gorgeous, bar service excellent and all the staff were great. Loved every minute, easy walk to tube for shopping etc, Tate Modern, St Pauls, Hatton Garden, River and so quiet around there on the weekend.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Great location	Stayed here Saturday 7th November for a night.Great looking hotel situated behind Cafe Rouge, pretty much opposite St Pauls Cathedral. Staff were very friendly and greated us with a smile when we checked in. Didn't have to swipe a card which I am sure is the norm with most big hotels? Check-in took 30 secs and there were lads ready to take your bags IF you needed help. They weren't pushy in any way.Our room was on the sixth floor, great glass lifts overlook the huge atrium as they take you up to your floor. The room was really nice, massive bed was two singles attached together, which you didn't really notice anyway. Bathroom was nice with lots of Molten Brown goodies! the shower was over the bath and the water was hot contrary to other reviews on here. Sony Bravia TV with all the normal BBC, ITV, C4, C5, Sky sports 1-3 and other international stations such as CNN, Chinese language programmes etc. There was an iron and ironing board in the closet along with ample coat hangers and slippers. Bathrobes were hung on the bathroom door.The view we had was of the redbrick building opposite but if you looked to your left then you could see St Pauls taking over the landscape, which was impressive. The window in the room is pratically the whole wall! you do get a very good window blind and the thickest curtains known to mankind to block out light, if you need a good sleep this is the place to get it!!! we had a heavy night in Leicester Square and when we awoke at 10am the room was still pitch black!Room service was engaged constantly but after calling reception they put me straight through and food was delivered within 20mins which was appreciated at 01:30am!!Did not ask about pool or other facilities. Free WIFI throughout the hotel was a nice touch.The hotel is surrounded by Cafe Rouge, Pizza Express, Yo Suhi, Gormet Burger Kitchen, M&amp;S, Tesco express, loads of banks, Starbucks, Costa, Cafe Nero and clothes, jewellery and sports shops.The tube is 5mins away and ideal for access to Leicester Sqaure, Picadilly etc etc.I'd recommend this hotel in an instant.	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice modern quiet clean and great location.	Nice, modern, quiet, clean and great location. We enjoyed our stay and slept well (always a bonus). I can't help thinking this is how all hotels should be - but clearly they aren't, so it was good to enjoy our surroundings and have no complaints. Staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were unobtrusively checked regularly and any used items replenished (eg teas, coffees, soaps etc).	
Nov 7 2009 	A real luxury bargain!	Booked this direct with the hotel. Paid £92 including VAT for B&amp;B on Saturday night. Found it as secret hotel on last minute but their site wasn't working properly so booked direct instead after working out where it was!It turned out as we hoped to be an absolute bargain!!Room was plenty big enough. Two single beds locked together and made up into big king size. Very very comfy bed, lovely linen. Room had desk/dressing table with big mirror over chair to sit at. Also coffee table and an arm chair. Giant window which overlooked a tiny courtyard but really all you can see is the other sides of the hotel &amp; another building - very very close. It's not a room with a view but at least it looked outside. Many of the rooms overlooked the atrium inside the hotel - I would not have liked that personally. It was totally quiet. We did not hear a noise all night. No people, no cars, nothing. Very peaceful and amazing considering we were in the middle of London. Bathroom was small but not in an annoying way. It was well laid out and very modern - all black &amp; white. Giant heated mirror plus lit up magifying mirror &amp; powerful modern hairdryer. Shower was lovely and water really hot. Gorgeous Moulton Brown toiletries (8 bottles!).Check in was friendly and fast. They happily stored our bag as we arrived in the morning and then went out for the day. Concierge was very friendly and helpful. We did not eat dinner at the hotel but less than one minute walk away is Strada, Yo Sushi, Pizza Express &amp; Cafe Uno (I think it was) so no need to pay hotel prices. We had lovely meal in Strada.Continental breakfast was included and was lovely. My husband paid the extra £8 for full English and said it was first class. Waiting staff were efficient and polite and our tea, coffee, toast and full english were all served hot and quickly. Continental was buffet &amp; whilst not an amazing spread it had all you could want.My only niggles were: no opening window in the bedroom. I HATE this as I feel starved of air. This is the same in all rooms. The air con was quiet and effective but I find it very dehydrating however it was too warm when we turned it off. Secondly the tables at breakfast were a bit close together. They had plenty of spare so I would have prefered not to have been sat so close to people on my left and right. I should have asked to move as I'm sure they would have been fine about it.Overall an absolute bargain. Right next to St Pauls, in a quiet location, near places to eat but not too busy and yet within easy tube or cab ride of anywhere you could want to go in London. Luxury hotel, very new, very modern, very clean rooms and efficient friendly staff. I can't find a reason to say it's not a 5 star hotel at London Travel Lodge/ Premier Inn Prices.	
Nov 4 2009 	So comfy in all respects	Stayed here mid week at the begining of October for one night. Like so many folks, I found it on lastminute.com.As has been said before overall very good.The Concierge was a good start greeting me with a beaming smile &amp; opening the door for me.My husband joined me later after I had checked in. I had asked for a higher floor away from lifts, &amp; the room we had was fab. It was on 5th floor &amp; faced the atrium which was fine by us &amp; we had a great sleep. It was a generous size &amp; had a sofa near the window. The furnishings were lovely &amp; I really enjoyed luxuriating in all that our room had to offer from Molton Brown toiletries to a really good selection of teas, herbal teas &amp; assorted coffees &amp; a good selection of glossy mags to browse through whilst enjoying my camomile &amp; honey tea.The breakfast was good but it was evident that the staff wanted to clear away asap after closing at 10.30am.I filled in one of the 'what you think of your stay' cards with much praise &amp; mentioned a couple of minor issues. By the time I got home later that day, I had an email waiting for me from the hotel addressing the issues I had raised. I was impressed that they had taken the time to contact me so promptly.I would stay again if I needed to be in the St Paul's area.	
Nov 4 2009 	nice new hotel and amazing location	We stayed here for a few nights in September and got an excellent rate of under £100 a night. The place is very nice and new and the location is stunning - right next to the awe-inspiring St Paul's Cathedral. The room was comfortable and there was one of those great showers that sprays you from every direction! Nice Molton Brown goodies in the bathroom. The only things that could have made our stay better would have been a window to the outside (our room overlooked the atrium which was lovely but meant no fresh air or natural light) and if the swimming pool had been ready. Small criticisms but I might have felt slightly dissapointed had I paid full price, which I didn't! I liked it, especially the location.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice Location	I stayed in this hotel for a weekend with some of my clients.The restaurant food was not really nice,also the staff they hadnt really any clue about the menu &amp; wine list.The rooms were quiet nice.The hole building and location at St.Pauls were lovely,but to not have a proper hotel is another thing.Customers have to know before their journey and stay that there is no,swimmingpool,no sauna,no Gym....No body told us,or gave us any informations before our stay.But in generally the staff were nice.Especially when i stayed two nights in the bar.Two really excellent bar guys,gave us a nice service,really looked after us.One of them also gave us some explanations about the history our drinks,even heated the glass of one of my clients cognac which i have never seen before.One of them were really funny and we had nice chats with both of them.He was from slovakia and the other guy who gave us the nice explanations about our drinks were i think from germany(but didnt looked like).Resume was a nice hotel in an excellent environment but improvable building and two excellent Barpersonalities,which 5 star hotels need!!!!	
Oct 28 2009 	Well located new hotel	Like many here we got the £89 soft opening rate from Lastminute.com. We were very pleased with our room, although it had two large double beds instead of just one. The generous quantity of Molton Brown toiletries was most welcome. Our room had a side street view, not the wonderful view of St Paul's, but better than the inner-facing rooms. The only contact we had with staff was checking in and checking out, and this was efficiently done. The hotel decor lacks imagination and is very much in the corporate business style. I would classify it as more 4 star than 5 star - there is no feeling of luxury. So in conclusion, the rate we received was a bargain for a brand new centrally located hotel , but I do not think I would come here if I had to pay the full price.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good value for £89/night not value for money at full rate	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com's top secret hotels, and managed to get this at £89 per night, which is an absolute steal for a 5 star hotel! The reason why it is so cheap is that they are still in their soft launch phase, having just opened in summer, and will only fully open in December.This was evident as there was still some construction work and wiring work going on, although it was all very quiet so no disturbance. The hotel is very minimalist and bland inside, but a typical 5 star business hotel. Staff were ok, not overly friendly but not unkind either.Roomwise, they have several with great views of St Paul's, but sadly they have many rooms with windows that face into the inner space of the hotel. The whole building is a rectangular donut with a hollow middle, and my room with the window facing inwards was very depressing as that meant it didn't get any natural light at all!The rooms were quite spacious and cosy, and there was free wired and wi-fi internet. Some of the rooms had a unique shower cabinet with jacuzzi-like sprays, which was interesting!Locationwise it is really central, so no questions about that, and convenient to many tube stations and buses.Will I be willing to pay the £200+ normal rate in the future? Probably not, there are better 5 star hotels for that price in London. But for £89 a night, its a bargain!	
Oct 23 2009 	Simply the best!	I booked the hotel with Last Minute.com under Top Secret hotels, assuming 5* has got to be good and I wasn't disapppointed. When in London on business we are either booked in at The Hilton on Park Lane or The Mayfair and this was way better. The staff were just the friendliest . There were plenty of people on reception, which the others could learn from, concierges and doormen who sounded like they cared, domestic staff smiling and speaking as you walked by - everyone gave 5* treatment without the stand off attitude so common in English hotels. Great room, great food, great location. Will make it my first choice every time in future.	
Oct 22 2009 	Stay away inflexible chancers!!	I booked to stay at this hotel on the 24th of October through Last Minute.com but a number of days before travelling realised that I couldn't make it due to a death in my partner's family.I understood that it was a a non refundable booking made through Last Minute.com's Top Secret hotel selection but I spoke to LM.com and they said they wouldn't mind changing the booking to a later date for a fee of about £20. All sounded good to me. Last Minute's Customer Services rep contacted the hotel and they said that they were unwilling to switch my booking to another date in December.Ok I understand it was a non refundable booking but I think it was totally unreasonable of them not to allow me to switch to a different date. I stay in hotels in London quite a bit as it happens but I will make sure to avoid this one!!!0 marks out of 5 from me and I'm about a hundred quid out of pocket!	
Oct 19 2009 	Articles stolen from cloak room...:(	I attended a conference at this hotel the week of October 12th, 2009 The hotel itself is clean and well appointed, but my stay was marred when I left my computer bag in the cloak room and items were stolen from it. The hotel makes it very clear they are not responsible (I now know why) so nothing could be done. I did complain and the hotel staff was very apologetic and said they would &quot;get to the bottom of it&quot; and retrieve my stolen items, which they never did. They never even followd up, which I found most unsettling for an upscale hotel like this.	
Oct 19 2009 	Comfortable and stylish hotel within short walk of tube and with very helpful staff	Booked this hotel via a lastminute.com mystery hotel offer and consequently got a very good value stay.The room was both spacious and stylishly fitted out. The mattresses were very comfortable. St. Paul's cathedral was our view whenever leaving or returning to the hotel. Mansion House and St. Paul's tube stations are only a few minutes' walk away, and the Millenium Bridge is even closer.Had a problem with the hot tap in the bathroom. Reception sent a concierge up very promptly, who got maintenance along within a few minutes. When the problem could not be fixed quickly we were efficiently moved to another room. The problem was handled as well as could reasonably have been expected, by staff who were always polite and helpful.Did notice, as had previous reviewers, that the hot water was not that hot one morning, and that a couple of lights in the bathroom were flickering.Overall, though, a great hotel for our stay in London.	
Oct 18 2009 	5 star it is not	My wife and I booked this hotel on lastminute.com as a top secret hotel. We took a chance over a Travel Lodge/ Premier Inn to stay in a 5 star London hotel for a slightly higher price. To be frank it just isn't 5 star. Most 4 star hotels I have stayed in for business would put it to shame. We arrived off a direct flight from Sydney and were treated by the Russian check-in lady as if we were infected by something. The room was comfortable. Noise through the air-con all night was an annoyance. The rooms looks out onto an enclosed area and does not offer privacy when you have any lights in your room on, so you have to close the curtains all the time. The concierge staff were excellent. The bar staff were mixed. The senior lady in the main bar would be better suited to the 'Queen Vic' or 'Rovers'. My wife, sitting directly in their line of sight, was ignored for 15 minutes waiting for service by the 2 German bar staff . I eventually went to the bar myself and they had a conversation between themselves in German, they chose to serve me. The price we paid was comparable to a Travel Lodge and this was a fair price considering what we got, just. We arrived in huge expectation having booked a 5 star, got mostly 3 star for our money. The hotel is still under construction as we discovered at exactly 8.30am on the Saturday morning of our stay by a drill nearby. If you get a deal fine, if you are paying full whack get somewhere else.	
Oct 18 2009 	A great hotel	Had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I stayed for 2 nights and thought it was a beautiful hotel with excellent service .The area is a little quiet on a weekend but the easy access to the underground meant we could travel to where we wanted and return and enjoy a drink with a stunning view of St Paul's.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good modern hotel	Stayed here for two nights, after reading a review and booking through a final-minute website. The hotel is new, and there are a few teething tweaks, however the room was clean if a bit as you'd expect from a corporate hotel. Staff were courteous and helpful. I did have a problem in my room on the first night, which I reported to maintained the next day and it was fixed. The hotel itself is in a great location, with a great view of St Pauls. It's slightly corporate rather than family travellers. The only niggle were the lifts! Lots of people were commenting on them, really slow to get to floors!!!! But I guess if that's all that you can complain about you're doing alright!	
Oct 18 2009 	Try somewhere new	St.Pauls is not the first choice for many travelling to London. We went to London for 9 nights for a family wedding and to see all the London sites. The location was perfect if you want to be away from the busy 24/7 West End whilst still being central (no sirens all night long, drunks etc etc) The area had all the high street restaurants within 100 metres, M&amp;S food and all the coffee shops nearby as well as the cathedral on the doorstep. On our first day the Royal Family were in St Pauls so seeing the Queen etc was a real plus. The area is mainly a business area so much quieter in the evenings. Tate Modern is just over the bridge. Access to underground and buses was easy. We were ok with walking mainly even as far as Oxford Street. The hotel is brand new and the rooms are great with plenty of space and modern fittings and fixtures. The staff were all really nice and helpful and I cannot recommend this place enough. If we are London again I would definately check here first. The family including my 18 month old Daughter had a great trip!	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice!	Lovely hotel, booked through the ubiquitous hotel booking website. Lovely location on a weekend visit. Good value for weekend...probably pricey for the week! Faultless hotel and service.	
Oct 14 2009 	My new favourite 5 star hotel	I stay in London 1 night a week on business, and I've tried pretty much every 4 &amp; 5 star hotel there is.I have just had my 1st visit to St Pauls Grange, and I was absolutely delighted with the hotel from before walking through the doors.Friendly door staff, very helpful and friendly reception staff, and my room was beautiful - very well furnished, roomy, and an absolute pleasure to unwind in after a long day's work.I was so impressed I'm staying there another twice this month, and will always stay here assuming they have availability and their pricing stays as aggressive as it is.I've stayed at hotels 3 times the price with less room, service and tranquility.Yes, large hotels can lack the personal charm of smaller ones - you can't have everything. I think that St Pauls Grange is an absolute gem of a hotel, and look forward to staying there regularly. Once the health suite is finished it'll be absolutely perfect.	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonderful staff	Me and my husband stayed here for our 1st wedding anniversary. Had a great time, the room was lush, comfy large bed, with a view of St Paul's Cathedral from the window. Bathroom was a tad on the small size, and there was no hot water just luke warm one day in the shower, however this did not detract from an enjoyable stay. Big hands up to the staff though, they were superb, so friendly and make our stay very comfortable. For that reason I would definitly go back, oh and the bread and butter pudding was the best i've ever had!	
Oct 13 2009 	All that glitters is not gold	Modern hotel, with great rooms. Service is shoddy and they will find any opportunity to over charge you for no existent services. I advise you never to leave your filofax in your room by mistake because despite spending close to £300 you will be made to pay postage to have it returned. Totally objectionable. Oh and good luck being put through to the right person	
Oct 13 2009 	Absolutely Perfect in Every Way	Just returned to the US from a four-night stay at the Grange St. Paul and had an absolutely perfect experience. Staff was very professional and friendly without being too formal. Location is perfect for both sightseeing and escaping some of the more busy parts of London. A one-block walk to the St. Paul's tube station made getting around London very simple.The room was very nice and the modern interior of the hotel was a great contrast to the other architecture in the area. Free internet access a huge plus that worked flawlessly throughout our stay.Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a luxury hotel in London.	
Oct 12 2009 	The quietest hotel room in Lodon.	We stayed at the Grange St Paul's for 2 nights recently and will definitely be visiting again. Whilst there were a few minor things I would change about the hotel overall we had a great stay here. From the moment we walked in the staff were all very helpful and couldn't do enough for you. We even managed to check-in at 10.30am and had a room available for us.The layout of the hotel is a little strange with many of the rooms overlooking the interior atrium but I found this a pleasant change from overlooking noisy London roads. If you suffer from Vertigo I would imagine this to be a problem and the lifts are glass, however there are stairs to use which is fine if you are on one of the lower floors. We had great nights sleep as there was no road noise at all and the rooms are so dark you have no idea what time of day it is when you wake. The only down side is that you cannot check what the weather is like before you dress for the day!As many have said before the wardrobe space, flickering bathroom light and fixed TV all need sorting out, but the overall space and size of the beds in the rooms were great compared to some we have stayed in. Mobile phone signal is a problem but you can get free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel which is fine for emails / internet etc.We will definitely be visiting the Grange St Paul's again. A good location for sightseeing / culture or shopping, and if you do stay make sure you visit Borough Market on the Southbank (a feast of delights for a food lovers!)	
Oct 12 2009 	This will be Londons best Hotel.	Cheaper then premier lodge - standby for rooms with twin double beds- great views of St Pauls and not over the top service.As an Aston owner I am obliged to stay at Claridges but because of the kids bashing my wallet I chose this hotel .The only letdown has to be the name ! Every thing is better than Claridges but perhaps lacks that soul that top hotels have - but who cares as I probably saved a grand.Nice Aston outside on Sunday morning.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice in theory but some flaws when we stayed	We stayed at this hotel for one night when we went to a gig in London. Got it through Last Minute at a good rate so probably I shouldn't complain, but I can't help thinking that if you are staying at full price (£250 plus) you might want to know that it's not that perfect. I accept that the hotel is not finished yet (hence the Last Minute deals) but some of the problems can't be explained away on that basis. Having said that, they are only minor gripes - it was a great location, very grand entrance etc. So, the problems: flickering lights in the small bathroom that would have driven you nuts if you stayed longer than a night; no teabags (!!) with the tea and coffee facilities; very dark rooms - especially on the side of the room with the wardrobes etc which you would have had to use a torch to find your pants in; safe was fixed at about 6 foot high, not very user-friendly; one whole half of the wardrobe was taken up with the mini-bar, tea and coffee facilities and the safe, so actually not much room for two people to hang their things; there was a file of someone else's business documents in the room, which makes you wonder about the care of the house-keeping staff; the cover on the bed was really dirty with what looked like blood stains on it, that was probably the most disappointing; the TV was fixed to the wall so although there were two places other than the bed to sit in the room, you couldn't see the TV; the hot water wasn't very; and there was a noisy fan that set up every five mins or so all through the night. Having said all that, for the price we paid, for which I couldn't have got a Travel Lodge room in London, I should probably shut up. The only thing that was really unforgiveable was the dirty bedspread.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel for business travellers	This hotel is brand new. It's a bit soulless, but impressive. The other reviewers' comments about noisy air conditioning are fair, though I found switching it to low on manual (rather than automatic) helped a lot. The bed was wonderfully comfortable.The view is wonderful and there are lots of things nearby including, surprisingly for its business district location, a fair few restaurants that are open in the evening. There are absolutely loads of buses and taxis that go past, so it's quick and easy to reach all sorts of places.I found the staff very friendly and professional throughout. I got a special deal for £90 excluding breakfast. For central London, that was a remarkable bargain.I'd certainly stay there again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Disappointing - and terrible if you have vertigo	Having read other reviews of the Grange St Paul's I had high expectations. Sadly, they weren't met.On the positive side, the rooms look great (at first glance) and the toiletries are wonderful - Molton Brown, and plenty of it. The staff are, for the most part, friendly. And the location is excellent - easy to get to from Gatwick (although the hotel maps don't point out the City Thameslink station two minutes away and the receptionist didn't know about that station!), close to the tube and on a number of bus routes. If you are in London on business it's a great area, close to the Courts and to the City. And there is free wifi. But that is about all the hotel has going for it. It is soul-less, and while some people might forgive the many niggles as &quot;teething problems&quot; of a new hotel, I wasn't impressed.I stayed for two nights with my husband on a mixture of business and pleasure. I needed to be contactable for a major work project, but unfortunately there was no O2 mobile phone signal whatsoever. I rang reception to ask if there was anywhere in the hotel that would have a signal and was told &quot;No.&quot; No apology. In the end I had to use the hotel phone at vast expense. There was no information in our room about telephone rates or other rates either. In fact, there was limited information on any aspect of the hotel. The free wifi was a saviour, but it was frustrating that I didn't have anyway of contacting people who might have been trying to reach my mobile and had to keep leaving the hotel to check my messages. I'd read the other reviews so hadn't expected the pool/fitness suite to be open, so was pleasantly surprised to see signage and in our room a picture of a rather lovely pool. When my husband called down to find out where the pool was, he was told it was 15 minutes away at another hotel! I didn't mind that there was no pool, but wasn't pleased with the false advertising.We had the same difficulties as some of the other reviewers with the room temperature on our first day. The room was hot, it was impossible to turn the heat down and the fan was very loud. My husband didn't sleep at all due to the heat and noise, and after we had showered the next day the room was muggy. This was rectified while we were out.The showers are very stylish, and spout water from two levels on the side as well as having a generous shower head above. Unfortunately, the controls were so tight that it hurt my hands to turn them on. Once they were on, we had no problems with the water temperature with plenty of hot water. I'm a big Molton Brown fan, so enjoyed the products. They might have been a bit girly for my husband though!Some people would probably love the modern design of the hotel, but I found it lacked character. The guest rooms are built around a large atrium. It may be better to have a room looking out, but our room faced into the atrium, which I found claustrophobic. You look straight across into the rooms opposite and if there is a light on, can see into the room. I have vertigo and a fear of heights, but the lifts are glass and to reach them you have to walk over a frosted glass walkway. This meant I felt nauseous and dizzy every time I had to go to or from our room, and for that reason alone I will never stay in that hotel again. Other niggles include:The big flat screen tv is great - but it is fixed and can't be angled so that you can only watch it if you are sitting on the sofa.Housekeeping wasn't great - the bed was badly made, cushions were thrown onto the sofa instead of being replaced on the bed and coffee and milk weren't replenished.While the rooms are new, they already look a bit tatty with about half the lights in our bathroom either flickering or not working at all, there's flaking paint and some wires hanging outThe rooms are dim, and badly litThere was a sort of odd noise similar to a tannoy turning on from time to time which woke us up in the nightThe safe is too high to be easily reached by someone of my height (5'2&quot;) and I had to rely on my husband to use it!I don't like to write such a negative review, but there were so many things that made our stay difficult rather than enjoyable that it would be disingenous to write anything else.	
Oct 4 2009 	Lovely Hotel but still with ongoing work and Teething Troubles	We stayed at the Grange St. Pauls for 4 nights from 22 to 26 September this year having booked it via a well known Hotel Booking Site.The hotel is a mere 3 minutes walk from the St. Pauls Tube Station and very close to the Cathedral of which there are great views from the roof terrace. A couple of minutes walk brings you to the River and Millenium Bridge.The Receptionist who checked us in was charming and efficient and we were upgraded to an Executive Room on the 7th floor. On arriving at the floor we had to trundle our luggage over cableing as electrical work was in progress in the area outside the lift doors and along the corridor leading to our room (720).The room was spacious with a Super-King sized bed and state of the art bathroom - shame the water temperature didn´t match the bathroom decor! There was a 32 inch Plasma screen TV opposite the bed and rather limited storage space - one of the two wardrobes was taken up with an ironong board and Tea + Coffee making facilities; the second, usable wardrobe only had 8 clothes hangers which seemed a little stingy. There was a free wall safe. The decor was very attractive but, for a new hotel not yet fully completeld, furnishings already looked worn with the dressing table scuffed and the curtains hanging off the track; when we informed Recption about the curtains somone was sent up within a couple of hours but only one side was corrected! The room was spotlessly clean and there was evening service as well as the daytime main clean if required. As mentioned in a previous review, there was no openable window and the room temperature control was haphazard and noisy so needed turning off at night to be able to sleep - OK in late September but could be very stuffy in hot weather. The room has a stunning view of St. Pauls Cathedral and had nice little touches such as Dressing Gowns, slippers and good quality Toiletries that were replenished daily. A newspaper was delivered each morning but there was no choice of paper.We didn´t eat at the hotel as Breakfast as very expensive but there was an excellent Artisan Bakers - DeGustiBus - next door where you could have a good cooked English Breakfast with a great choice of Breads (try the Onion Rye - mmmmmmmmm) for under Five Pounds. There was also a good choice of local restaurants for nighttime dining. We did have Coffee in the Bar that cost 7 Pounds for 2 Cups - no Pots available - and 2 Biscuits.Staff were generally extremely helpful and polite - apart from one who made us feel very uncomfortable on 2 occasions; once when we requested Internet use and were told rudely that this was for hotel guests only - we were! - and once when the lifts went out of service following a fire alarm and we asked how long before they would be back in use as my Husband has poor health and cannot walk up 7 flights of stairs when she just shrugged and seemed totally uninterested.Although there is free WiFi access in all rooms - we didn´t take our Laptop - there are no terminals in the hotel apart from one in room 336 that we were eventually allowed to use. This was the only standard room we saw and it was tiny, dark and just looked on to a brick wall opposite - we wouldn´t have been happy staying in there.There is still considerable on-going work inside the hotel and in the adjoining building - we were told that this had just been increased to complete in time for a Christmas deadline - and the Spa facility is not yet in service. Building work wasn´t intrusive and workmen pleasant and chatty when you came across them. The hotel currently only has 2 lifts in service which was difficult at busy times such as morning checkout when the delay was several minutes.All in all we had a very enjoyable stay at the Grange St Pauls. It is essentially a business hotel but a good base for a few days city sightseeing. Stunning architecturally in an ultra-modern style it perhaps lacks a little character and was, in our opinion, a good 4 star rather than 5 star establishment. We would be very happy to stay there again whilst rooms are at a reasonable rate but would probably look elsewhere if having to pay the rack rate.	
Oct 4 2009 	Brilliant	We stayed at this hotel after booking with Last Minute as a top secret hotel. It was wonderful if you like a modern hotel. If you are looking for something with charm and history DO NOT stay here. My mum and me stayed here whilst having a girly weekend and it was spot on. Check in was speedy and friendly.Room was lovely, floor to ceiling window, massive bed and the shower in the bathroom - WOW.Overall i would def stay here again, £89 for a hotel of this quality in central London cant be sniffed at. The only thing i would say is Last Minute descibe this hotel as right next to the tube station and unless i was being dim and didnt find another entrance it wasn't right next door at all, it was about 5 minutes walk - not a big issue but worth noting if you have mobility problems.Any questions you have then feel free to ask.	
Sep 29 2009 	Lovely hotel friendly staff but not much atmosphere	Just back from a long w/end in St Paul's. When we were arrived we were greeted with very friendly door staff, as we walked to reception another member of staff greeted us with a smile and when we got to the desk the receptionist all had huge smiles on their faces, very welcoming place. While we were checking in we were upgraded to a suite much to our delight. Our room was on the 5th floor, gorgeous, Molton Brown complimentary products went down a treat, bathrobes and slippers, huge bed, plasma TV. The only fault with the room was that there was no window we could open, the first night we felt very claustrophobic but we adjusted after that. We had said no to our credit cards being swiped at reception on check in for the use of the mini bar, during the night we needed water and rang down to reception to get our bar unlocked, unfortunately for it to be unlocked we needed to pay a £150 deposit for it unless you swipe your card. Ahh well. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, food was nice if abit cold at times. The hotel has a lovely rooftop area that over looks the city and St Paul's which is literally 50 steps away. We probably wont return next time and its just due to the fact that we spent most of our time in Leicester Sq and Soho. BUT it is an amazing hotel and its finished to a high standard. Not much atmosphere in its bar though. I would recommend it more for buisness than pleasure.	
Sep 28 2009 	Fabulous room location everything	Stayed at this hotel with a friend. Booked a twin room and we were hugely pleased to see 2 double beds so enjoyed not having to be cramped into 2 singles. The room overlooked an atrium, however there could have been anything going on - we couldn't hear a thing so no problem with noise disturbance. Good blackout curtains made sure that sleep was easy!The room was lovely and clean and the tea &amp; coffee were topped up when the room was checked in the evening. We had a few drinks in the bar and it was great to not feel as we had been mugged when the bill came - perfectly reasonable prices! One top tip to note is that the mobile reception (orange &amp; vodafone - not sure about the others) is virtually non-existant in the room that we were in (not sure if that is a more widespread problem) and we didn't take our phone chargers. As a result of this the phones were constantly searching for network coverage and the phones went flat overnight.... so take the chargers or turn the phones off in the room. As a consequence, my friend &amp; I lost each other the next day and we ended up going our separate ways without saying tara to each other! Isn't it amazing how reliant we are of our mobiles and how you miss them when you can't use them!Aside from that we had a fabulous time and would thoroughly recommend. We didn't eat at the hotel, but there are plenty of places very nearby.	
Sep 28 2009 	Wont be going back in a hurry	Good points were...Clean, spacious and reception/staff very helpful. Moving onto the bad points i experienced...No hot water in bath or shower, paid for double bed receieved two singles pushed together, noisey builders half 8 on saturday morning tapping and drilling away. Overall as its classified as a 5star hotel and cant manage with basic facilities i.e hot water i wouldnt recommend relying on this hotel.	
Sep 26 2009 	great veiws-shame about the rest!!!!	after booking to stay in the grange st pauls as a relaxing weekend break it was a disaster from the start !! on arrival the receptionist was fantastic but everything else was a disaster the room we had was meant to be a club room unfortunatly there was a foot wide hole in the wall in the bathroom where maybe a tv screen should have been when we adressed the situation with 5 different people absolutly nothing was done about it the hotel was quite busy and we had paid a special rate so presumed that we were given the worst room at 8pm decided to get ready to go into london to find there was no hot water on ringing reception we were told we could have a free breakfast that didnt really help our night out as it happened the water didnt come back on till around 10 ish so we opted not to go out as it was too late for our dinner appointment .i must admit the next daty we were moved to &quot;the best room in the hotel&quot; which was actually smaller but had good veiws of st pauls the only good thing about this hotel was the one receptionist that sorted everything out the next day shame we didnt get your name but thanks ........	
Sep 25 2009 	we will be back	after nights of surfing through hotel sites looking for a bargain we visited the grange siteexpecting the same outcome but then noticed their new hotel at reasonable price (£97 inc vat with breakfast )and booked it . what a result ! the hotel is situated a 3 min walk from st pauls tube station on the central line just across the road from the front of the cathedral . the staff on reception could not have been more helpful and the hotel itself is beautiful . we were given an early check in and a complimentary room upgrade . a premier inn in the city would have cost us £85 with no breakfast so this really was a no brainer ! the whole place is spotlessly clean from top to bottom and and tastefully decorated . we cant wait to get back !	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel - Shame no Hot Water! Hotel not finished	Lovely hotel, great location, however no hot water throughout our stay. Hotel building works continuing until Dec 09. Avoid staying until building works complaint even though price is attractive.	
Sep 22 2009 	1st Class Hotel ....1st Class Service!!	I stayed with my daughter for the weekend as a treat for her birthday and booked a West End Show. I booked the hotel through a well known late deal web site and didnt know what I was getting until after it was all paid for but boy what a deal!!....this hotel is stunning and is situated just outside St Pauls and is obviously brand new 'cos you can still smell the newness of it!!! Location of the hotel is great for getting around London close by to the West End, Convent Garden etc. From booking in, which was handled by very friendly and helpful staff ...to all the staff that worked there....and the manager well what can I say....everyone always had a smile on their face always so polite and couldnt do enough for us from booking taxis to sorting out trips and excursions for us nothing was too much trouble. The rooms are beautifully decorated and furnished to the highest standard and are so generous in size... the bathroom is beautiful and after aching feet at the end of the day that shower was amazing! It had a well stocked mini bar (pricey !) and well stocked tea/coffee making facilities with biscuits!! The bed was THE best and biggest double bed I have ever slept in and really was the best nights sleep both me and my daughter have everhad!! Beautiful views too !! I cannot praise this hotel enough or recommend it enough to absolutely anyone wishing to stay in affordable, stylish hotel with amazing staff. The hotel and the staff made our weekend extra special and I for one will be back again next year without any hesitation. 1st class Hotel and 1st class staff.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good deal lovely hotel	We spent ages looking at hotels to stay in for our anniversary weekend, and as soon as we came across this we went for it. Got a very good deal at £190 for 2 nights with continental breakfast. We got a free upgrade when we checked in. Not sure if this was down to the fact we'd mentioned when booking that we were there for our anniversary, or because it wasn't that full, but we weren't going to turn it down.Check In was easy, all the staff were very professional. Only slight problem was that i thought the card i had given when we checked in was just to cover any expenses we might occur during our stay, and that we would pay for the room when we leave. But they had actually charged the room to that card at check in. We then had to get it refunded and use a different card. Possibly a case of lost in translation a bit. Apart from that we had no issues with any of the staff, actually, apart from the new guy at breakfast that brought as freezing cold tea!The Executive Suite rooms are lovely. As others have mentioned all the rooms are brand new, as the hotel has only been open a few months. Lovely shower, massive bed, LCD TV, etc. Everything you'd expect from a 4/5 star hotel in London. We had a lovely view of St Paul's right outside our window, which was nice.Location wise was perfect for us. if you want a place in the very centre then you're going to have to pay more. For the entire 3 days we only used the tube 4 times, and walked everywhere. This depends a lot on the weather of course, but we walked back from Buckingham Palace, which took about 45 mins for example. There are 3 stations very close by, so is well connected.All in all we loved our stay there. Luxury at an affordable price, would highly recommend	
Sep 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel with staff to match!!!!	Hello,My wife,baby &amp; I stayed at the St Pauls for our Sons 1st Birthday trip to London Zoo. I booked the hotel through a well known late deal website as a package deal with flights from Manchester for a two night stay. We have stayed in London before &amp; paid a lot more for a lot less!! (see my other reviews). As this is a new hotel there are still a few teething problems but these do not really affect your stay here, from the moment we arrived we were welcomed from all the staff we came into contact with, the difference from other hotels we have stayed in was they actually seemed to mean it. The check in was seamless and possibly the best check in we have ever had, polite, engaging &amp; generous.... what more can you ask. As it was the first time we had stayed at a Grange Hotel we were upgraded to an executive room, I dont know if this the norm for this chain but as the hotel is just getting established I put it down to the hotel been less than full, very welcome though. The hotel has got a few building works going on and sometimes you will spot the odd workman but the hotel is so quite and clean you wouldnt know anything about it. The rooms are generous and have all the facilities you would expect, minibar the usual overpricing but I think what sets this place apart was the fact everything was brand new. The shower, &amp; what a shower was fantastic after a day stomping round the capital, the bed was faultless for a comfortable sleep, theres a T.V and wifi.... it all works together to give you a great stay. We even tried room service, Medium Steak was ordered and thats exactly what we got, well cooked and the it was delivered by another pleasant member of staff who actually seemed bothered! The breakfast was a buffet type if you want continental but a full english is avaliable just tell them what you want and 5 minutes later its at your table, very nice too. The Hotel is bang opposite St.Pauls and possibly a bit ot of the way if your after Londons nightlife at your doorstep but personally I thought this was a bonus. The art and history are all around you with a taxi or tube to the theaters, its a great place to stay for a break or use as a base. By the way our Son loved the place, staff and the room. The floor to ceiling window in our room was a winner as even he could people watch!All the best John	
Sep 14 2009 	great hotel at unbelievable introductory price	we needed a room for just one night after we checked out of the horrid Crowne Plaza Kensington. we found the Grange St Paul's at the unbelievable price of GBP90. The hotel is just two months' old and this was an introductory offer. It was well worth more. Rooms are spacious and lovely. Service was good for the most part except at the end, when we were trying to check out and found that they had not added the room service we had ordered the night before. we waited 10mins and told them to just charge it to our card cos we were rushing for the train to liverpool. other than that, hotel was great. if the offer remains, grab it.	
Sep 14 2009 	Superb value at £85pn Room rate	We wanted a great hotel at a rate that didnt bankrupt us. But we were totally shocked by this hotel. Ultra modern and very opulent. Most of the facilities are still not ready, such as the swimming pool ect but can't grumble when paying so little.The rooms are a decent size, with a large comfortable bed and very nicely finished. The hotel lobby is stunning, the staff are friendly and attentive. The food is reasonable, and drinks are what you expect to pay in London.Location wise, its not the best but St Pauls tube station isnt far away, and its on a main bus route should you wish to get about. Taxis are about £12+ each way. from the hotel to Covent Grarden as a guide.The main issue is parking. There is a set down area outside the lobby, but after that you need to either find on street parking (like gold dust) or there is an NCP over the road.Good views of St pauls cathedral from the main bar.Would reccomend, grab yourself a bargain while you can!	
Sep 13 2009 	What a stunning Hotel!!!!	A brand new hotel that is still waiting for it's spa and pool to be finished (xmas 09 we were told) but not a sound from any workmen. But the rest of the hotel is simply stunning, nothing was to much trouble for any of the staff they were always smiling and bent over backwards to help. The rooms were spotless and finished to a very high standard. We ate in the hotel restaurant and the food was exquisite and good as any top restaurant. It is set opposite St Paul's and a stones throw from the millennium bridge. We will be going back again even at full list price!!!!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in a great location!!	Although the hotel isn't quite finished it is already beautiful. It's close to St Paul's station and there are some great views from the roof terrace. Rooms were really comfortable, large and quiet. The staff on reception and bar are all really helpful too and nothing was too much trouble. As the leisure facilities we're completed for use they did say we we're welcome to use the facilities at any of their other hotels on our visit... just let them know and they will arrange it!We will definately use this hotel again as would love to see how it all looks when it's finished.Thanks for a wonderful stay!	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent for £100 not great if you pay rack rate	So it's 7pm on a Bank Holiday august Saturday night and I want somewhere cheap but lovely to stay. The Premier Inn in Greenwich cost £70 without brekkie and this place set me back £100 inc VAT and a buffet breakfast. Now that's a bargain!We have a (limited but lovely) view of St Paul's, felt like I was in a remake of Oliver! A large room with comfortable bed, reasonable LCD (32 inch) with lots of channels. A lovely bathroom with comfortable robes and Molton Brown free goodies. Downside - not sure what I'd expect for £300 (rack rate) so I'm not sure it's worth full price. The breakfast was (obviously) a little rubbish - not inedible, just not great. Oh and the wireless didn't work (as usual in these places)Best point - Veronica the lady who checked us in. A friendly, more helpful and lovely individual I've yet to meet.	
Aug 21 2009 	Brand new hotel in a wonderful location	This hotel is so new the workmen are still in evidence, but don't be put off by that as noise wasn't a problem, in fact this was one of the quietest hotels I've ever stayed in. I imagine it would be perfect for those trip advisor reviewers that freak out over the slightest signs of normal wear &amp; tear. Everthing is brand spanking new, modern and highly comfortable. If anything the staff are over attentive. My room was very attractive with a neutral colour scheme with the kind of contemporary design I prefer. Room service when summoned was very prompt and the food was excellent.The location is superb in a street next to St Paul's cathedral and as this area of the city empties at the weekend the atmosphere is very calm for central London. I imagine the hotel is ideal for business people being right in the city, but the West End is just a short taxi or bus ride down the road.Blackfriars Station would be very close but annoyingly it is closed for refurbishments, St Paul's underground staton is pretty close though.If you like things to be pristine I think this would be an ideal choice.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent even when not finished	was moved from the grange city, to grange st pauls, and what a wonderful, stroke of luck that was..stayed in a 6th floor room, room looked to be about 600 s ft, brand new fittings, as the staff, had informed me just been opened, or in reality in a constant process of opening, so with that in view, I felt the hotel was great, quietest air conditioning of any hotel i've ever stayed in.., lovely bed linen, a really comfortable room..,awesome bathroomstaff excellent, all helpful, cabs called etc..massive conference centre being finished 1000 plus seats, dynamic bars, good food, 9/10 value, just a great place to stay, i think once this hotels spa etc are finished, you'll have to work very hard to beat it for 'comfort' style and quality, just top drawer..	
Aug 3 2009 	From Nasty Shock to Pleasant surprise	We hadnt booked the Grange St.Paul's for our weekend in July. We walked to the Buckingham Hotel Bloomsbury from Euston Station,an 8-minute walk, ready for 3 days of fun in London.On arrival we were told that we would be &quot;delighted&quot; to know that we had been upgraded to the Grange's new 5-star hotel near St. Paul's ! Not anywhere near Euston Station ( our point of arrival/departure), the British Museum ( where we were meeting friends that afternoon) or indeed where we had wanted to stay.My husband was less than delighted, and made that clear. We had had no communication about the new arrangement, and were then given a perfunctory apology by the manager at the Buckingham. They would provide a taxi .In fact, at our reluctance to leave the area and go to St.Paul's, she even insisted that the Buckingham was not near Euston station !! As graduates of UCL, round the corner, we know the area intimately and were left bemused and infuriated. NOT good PR.However, after this wholly unsatisfactory start, we did go to Grange St.Paul's Hotel( we had no choice), and it was excellent.The staff were pleasant, knowledgeable, and keen to please.It's a modern , somewhat bland building. Yes, parts of the hotel were still a building site ( it opened in June), but our room was a decent size, quiet, clean and with lovely toiletries. Breakfast was delicious, though your coffee may be cold by the time it arrives from the kitchens, a bitr of a way. There was plenty of choice, and the service good.The bar has a side-view of the Cathedral, the Millenium Bridge is a 100 metres away so you can cross the river to Tate Modern and the South Bank. Public transport, both tube and bus, is nearby.We travelled to the Old Vic by tube and the National theatre by bus easily.I would certainly go back, especially at their weekend rates. I hope the hotel can maintain its standards of customer care.As for the Buckingham, Bloomsbury............................ some more staff training would be in order, not to mention some advance communication with the customer.And no,we never did get to see our friends that afternoon at the British museum.	
Jun 21 2009 	Still a building site but with potential.	We have just returned from a one night stay at this hotel for our 10th wedding anniversary. The staff were excellent and there were plenty of them as it was not busy. It was only after booking this hotel that I realised it had not long opened. I called the central reservations number and also went in person to the local hotel in the same chain (Grange Bracknell). Both were vague but assured me all facilites would be available. This was not the case! There is no spa - swimming pool etc or rooftop terrace. The cocktail bar was open and I think one restaurant and one lift worked. The central lifts were still not operational and we had breakfast this morning to the background of drilling from the workman on site. Three quarters of the ground floor is still a building site with just building materials, no carpet etc.We went down one of the other lifts once and come to a dead end with bare concrete and just wires etc! Our room was nice, clean etc, although no mini bar or safe yet. The hotel is in a quiet location but right by St Paul's Cathedral and minutes walk from Millenium Bridge, Tate Modern and The Globe. The staff were excellent but I am just annoyed that I took the trouble to check as it was a special anniversary and was mis informed, as I would probably have stayed at another Grange hotel if I had known. We were intending working our way through a few of the same chain but it has put me off. It is opposite the Youth Hostel so we may check that out next time.	
Oct 6 2009 	Secret Last Minute Nouvel hôtel extrêmement luxueux près du métro - 5* - Londres		
Sep 28 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
