Sep 19 2009 	Elegance and comfort pity about the service.	My wife and I stayed here for one night after taking our son and his belongings to university. We chose the hotel for two main reasons, proximity to Loughton, and the style of the hotel ( i.e. country house ). The location is quite good there are local shops nearby not sure about pubs, as we didn't leave the hotel. It is maybe 10 minutes to J5 of the M11, and the same to the A406 North Circular.There are still elements of the old country house, but it has been sympathetically modernised.The bedroom ( room 408 ) was very clean and comfortable, and quite spacious. Facilities included tea and coffee, trouser press, and stationery.Check in and out was efficient. Bar and restaurant prices are what you would expect in London.The only problem we had was with the restaurant service. In the restaurant itself the service was quite slow and the staff inattentive, even though ther were only two tables occupied. On returning to our room, we called down for more milk (for coffee), but this never arrived.On the whole we had a pleasant stay, and as the price of the room was similar to a budget hotel, I would have to recommend it.	
Jul 17 2009 	avoid if possible	just had a 2 night stay on business. There were some positives - the conference staff were friendly and helpful as were the waitresses and bar staff. The downside - food poor after an hour long wait for a table in the half full dining area. Gloomy bedrooms with broken stain glass windows outside secondary double glazing, no coffee in the room, constant noise outside our meeting room, schoolchildren downing bottles with dubious contents in the car park. Unless you need to stay in glorious Woodford I would avoid this place.	
Jul 9 2009	Golden Wedding Thank You	Our Golden Wedding celebrations were oganized and catered by the Prince Regent which went ahead without a single hitch. All our requirements were met without any difficulty.We had a hundred guests attending and everyone had a wonderful time.Also we have had many letters of thanks and phone calls praising the venue, food and friendliness and efficiency of all the staff.The whole evening was wonderful and we thank everyone at the hotel for making it a memorable day for us.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not 4* not even sure if it worthy of 3*	This is a difficult review to write for me.Look at my previous reviews and you will see that I am not a habitual &quot;Trip Advisor moaner&quot; and try to give honest assessments. I work in the travel industry, but this stay was brought about by a leak at home and an insurance claim placement, so in reality did not cost me anything. That does not, however alter the reality of this hotel.So many little things wrong it is tough to know where to start.Check in. Fine and friendly, no complaints whatsoever, apart from the fact the one of the rooms had a shower that was not working, one had a faulty Corby press and one had tea and coffee making facilities without the coffee. Still only teething problems and all easily remedied. Rooms all very clean and simply decorated.A big big minus for me, bearing in mind this was t oeffectively be my home for 10 days, is despite a web site which advertises satelite TV and despite cards in the room actually advertising Sky TV, I was told that it wasn't available and had not been for quite a while.......they just had not bothered to update either the web site or the information that was in our rooms.Bar. Hard to really call it that. A few old chairs around a bar area where they do not have something as basic as lime cordial, prices I thought were expensive. Soda water x 1, Lager x 1, Vodka/Orange cordial x 1 no change from £9.Facilites. Well this is what I thought was how a star rating was given. Simple answer. None. No gym, no pool, no in-house movies through the TV. in fact all they had were conference and function facilities.In areas that were not on view to the Conference paying and function paying clientel the carpets were threadbare to the point of being dangerous, and my view is that as a hotel Menzies have let it fall into a state of &quot;who cares -Disrepair&quot;.Other little things. Don't worry if you are diabetic, no sweetner in the dining room for breakfast for either ceral or tea/coffee. It's sugar or nothing..and bugger any possibility of a diabetic coma :-)If I were to offer an opinion on this hotel I would suggest that Menzies shut the hotel facility completely. It is an absolute rip off. I know I am not paying but the nightly B&amp;B rate is about £115per night B&amp;B. This is unbelievable and wholly and totally unjustified. A Travelodge type hotel would give better value at half the price. I am staying at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas later in the year and I am paying 1/2 the Prince Regent prices for a suite.So Menzies, if you read this, either spend money on upgrading the hotel to the 4* it purports to be, or at least do the honest thing and downgrade its star rating, or better still withdraw fro the hotel aspect of this property.I know a lot of my grouses might seem a bit churlish, but as I say, read my other reviews, I am not overly fussy by nature and try to give honest views every time.	
Jun 22 2009 	Didn't spend the night but avoid eating here at all costs	terrible foodterrible serviceexpensive for a sunday lunch (£20 for a pile of rubbish)staff are sullen and unresponsivetoilets were filthy	
Apr 28 2009 	Definitely NOT 4* and not in keeping with Menzies Brand	Read the reviews on the hotel and was quite looking forward to 3 nights stay with friends and family - we were visiting London to celebrate an uncles 80th birthday.Our experience with the reception staff was not great. We had booked 3 rooms; one family and two doubles. One of the doubles had been requested as a smoking room. When we checked in we asked which of the rooms was the smoking room and the receptionist said - 'it is the family room - none of the other two are smoking rooms.&quot; One of the double rooms was NEXT DOOR to the family room! When we queried this the receptionist was very curt to the point of rudeness! She said that some families did smoke in the room with their children, and...we were causing complications as we were 'cganging the format'. We did not get off to a good start!I went to my room which was on the third floor and I had to ask for a change of room as I found the room very oppresive. The window was a tiny arch window and the room was stifling. It was a very warm day and the window was so small and so high there was no air circulating in the room. When I contacted reception to explain that I would like a room with larger windows, she said, &quot;it is an old church - ALL the windows are small&quot; and sighed heavily down the phone - although she did change my room. (By the way, the rooms at the front of the hotel in the 'modern wing' have lovely LARGE picture windows - but she wouldn't give me one of those (even though I passed one of them on the way down to reception - the guest had just checked out and it was being cleaned) - as she said they were 'all taken'.We went to go into the garden for a drink after putting our bags in the room. As we were about to sit down at a table we were approached by a member of staff who said &quot;Could you stand over there until we clean the table&quot;..so we had to stand up and move away from the table until they wiped it! The only pleasant member of staff was a male (not in uniforn, who asked us if we would like a parasol for the table and actually engaged in some pleasant conversation! Menzies should teach the staff in this hotel that a smile and a 'willingness to help' attitude goes a long way with guests - instead of making them feel that they are a nuisance and an interruption to staff when they aske staff for something.The rooms were clean but had a really strong fusty smell - especially in the bathroom. You could see the black mould around the sink and bath and some dark mould patches under the wallpaper. Otherwise, the rooms are fairly spacious and clean.I agree with other reviewers - getting to the rooms was a real trek, especially with bags. It was a peculiar set up in that you got the lift to the first floor - walked for a bit and then got another lift t to the second and third floor. There is also a 'nightclub' in the hotel (which you pass on the first floor to go to the rooms in the 'old' part. Whilst the noise isn't horrendous - you can definitely hear the 'thump thump' of the bass beat in teh quietness of your room when you are trying to sleep. The food and drink is 4* prices, but you can't get proper bottles or cans of coke or pepsie - it is all from the spray gun - for a 4* hotel this isn't acceptable!	
Mar 15 2009 	Favoured Hotel	The Prince Regent is my favoured hotel in the North-East of London; convenient for the M11 and the North Circular yet in a quiet location. Most rooms are a trek from reception but that is only a minor hindrance providing that you have normal baggage. The rooms are spacious and well equipped with the usual complimentary items; the biscuits are especially tasty (no bourbons here)! The breakfasts are individually served from the kitchen by industrious waiting staff, a pleasant change from the buffet style of some hotels where congealed scrambled eggs and greasy bacon await you under those heated lights. Recommended for the business traveller.	
Feb 13 2009 	Fair	The room was fine, clean and breakfast was fair as well. Staff is ok. Main negative point is the access to the rooms, the hotel is strangely constructed, like a circle, before we reached our room we had to change twice of elevators, walking 7 min. with our heavy luggage, passing in front of conference halls, before finally reaching what seems to be the last and newest aisle of the hotel.You may find better, but reasonable.	
Oct 14 2008 	Exceptional Service and Staff	We are all too quick to complain if it is not right and seldom think to praise, me included when it is.However, I have stayed at this hotel for four nights across two separate weeks on business and feel it should be recognized when exceptional service is offered.Whilst I could nitpick at what could be better, only slightly mind you, I have to say that in my time staying there I have come across approximately 10 or more different staff and without exception, they have been nothing other than pleasant, helpful and give an important sense to me, the customer, that they genuinely want your stay to be pleasant.I have stayed in some “exceptional” hotels all over the world and have never been moved to heap collective praise. Yes individuals can shine and show it, but never as many in one place in my experience.We are currently working on relocating our London business from Woodford Green, it will have to be an awfully long way from there before I stop recommending this hotel to visitors of ours.	
Sep 30 2008	Our wedding reception at the Prince Regent Hotel	Hi Sue/Jonathan Maureen and I would like to thank you both for making our wedding reception such a success. We would particularly like to say a big thank you to Jonathan, who was not only extremely professional but very accommodating and flexible. As you are aware arranging a wedding reception can be very stressful for the bride, however Jonathan was extremely reassuring and always made us feel at ease and confident that he had everything under control. His relaxed approach helped to keep stress levels to a minimum. Nothing was too much trouble for him and would like him to receive some sort of recognition for all his hard work and effort into making our wedding reception so successful.  Once again thank you to both. RegardsDave Kuteyi	
Apr 25 2008 	Essex Gem	A brief but extremely enjoyable stay at this lovely retreat. Staff were extremely helpful, the hotel beautifully decorated, and the views stunning. Would definitely recommend.	
Apr 18 2008 	Cheap for London area but not 4 star	This is an ok hotel but nowhere near 4 star. Reception was fine and pleasant before a long (very long) walk to the room. Room was ok but little different in terms of facilities to a travelodge..bed, telly, bathroom (with no soap) and a couple of chairs. The bar area is modern-ish but I dont expect a 4 star hotel to have football blasting out on a wide-screen tv when there was nowhere else to sit. The restaurant is big, open and bland and desperately needs something...good food might be a start as it wasnt fantastic, a nice piece of cod being drowned in a vat of oil. Had a glass of wine with the meal but they couldnt serve large glasses of wine other than in a blue water glass as they didnt have any. At six pounds a glass, a proper 250ml wine glass isnt a lot to ask. The bar-man come waiter was most aplogetic and was really the redeeming feature, albeit all the staff did seem pleasant and competent. It was convenient for me and cheap at 105 but will probably not be back.	
Aug 21 2007 	We enjoyed the hotel immensely	A big thank you to all the staff at The Prince Regent Hotel for making our stay with you so special.We enjoyed the hotel immensely and appreciated everybody's helpfulness, the cleanliness of the rooms, the standard of the breakfasts and the beautiful surroundings.Just after we departed on 6th August we discovered that our daughter's teddy lion and comfort blanket had been left behind in the bedroom.Thank you so much for dealing with this so promptly and efficiently. You did a search, found the missing items and put them in the post. The day after &quot;Bushy&quot; and &quot;Blankie&quot; arrived at our next destination, much to our daughter's joy and delight.You have no idea how much your kindness meant to us and that extra touch made our stay even more memorable!	
Aug 19 2007 	Mixed Views	I booked two nights at the Prince Regent for my boyfriend and I, we had been experiencing problems with our noisy neighbours at the weekends and a short quiet break away was what we needed.On arrival the hotel is very impressive, the receptionist Stacey, was very friendly and checked us in quickly. When we got to our room (201) we were very impressed, the room on the whole was fabulous, comfy bed, big plasma TV, nice tea and coffee and cute toiletries in the bathroom. Within about an hour, the loud humming noise from the lift going up and down was starting to get a bit much, also when people walked about in the room above us the light fittings vibrated loudly. I called down to reception to see if we could change rooms and within 15 mins a new room key was brought up for room 314 which was on the top floor.The room was much smaller with two small windows but none the less it was very nice. We ordered room service and only one of the meals we ordered was available so one of us went hungry, the choice is also quite limited for main courses. When we went to sleep we had to open the windows as the heat was unbearable inside the room as there is no air con only a small tabletop fanin the room (althought it was quite chilly outside, the room retained the heat), as the room we moved to overlooks group of houses within minutes you become aware of the traffic passing by, door slamming and the constant humming of an extractor fan or something similar that went on all night. After a sleepless night we looked forward to having our breakfast delivered to our room, when it arrived, we were both dissapointed. The toast had barly been toasted, the bacon was hardly cooked, boiled eggs were left to roll about on the plate with no egg cups and the baked beans were so congeeled that you could make a sculpture with them. For me that was really the final straw and at 10.30am we called reception to say that we wanted to check out. The receptionist, Stacey said that she would inform the Manager and he would be there when we checked out.We spoke to the Manager who was very understanding and helpful and we left feeling a little happier. This is a great hotel but if you are a light sleeper or do not like the heat or sloppy breakfasts I would think twice about this, it is a shame because it really is a lovely hotel.	
Aug 17 2007	1st Class Hotel	Myself and my partner stayed in The Prince Regent Hotel on Saturday 4th August and recieved 1st class service from the minute we entered the hotel. Had a friendly welcome from the reception team and was directed up to our room which was nice and spacious. Food in the restaurant was good and reasonably priced and staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definately return and fully recommend this hotel. Don't be put off by the negative comments which have been posted previously!	
Aug 8 2007 	Rip off Food Shabby Service Average Rooms. Avoid!	My employer booked 30 rooms and dinner at this hotel for delegates on a training event. Overall, everyone was very disappointed with the hotel - I definitely would not classify it as a 4 star.Many of the rooms were a very long walk away from reception (no fun if you are lugging a heavy bag), and mine involved going up a floor, areally long walk along airport style corridors and then up again in another lift. When I got there, the corridor my room was on was in darkness, and when I got into my room it smelt of drains. None of the rooms had air conditioning, and the hotel was very hot, which everyone in our party found very uncomfortable. I would generally not expect this at a 4 star hotel.The rooms themselves were pleasantly furnished, but not really above the standard you would find in a Premier Travel Inn (although you did get a Plasma TV and posh toiletries in the bathroom). At least one person in our group asked to change the first room they were allocated due to the dingy position right at the back of the hotel, and another guest checked in only to find that they had no room for her (even though we had reserved them all en-masse). She was eventually allocated another room but only after some debate with the receptionist.2 people that I know of checked in and went to their rooms only to find that there was already someone in the room they had been allocated - which hardly inspires a sense of confidence in the security levels in the hotel. I heard the hotel tell one of these people &quot;oh we are very sorry, this never happens&quot; - only to find out from someone later that they had had exactly the same problem!The restaurant food was very expensive (£17 for a main course,and £8ish for a starter), so on our first night a few of us had food in the bar instead, as this was more reasonable. While the staff were friendly enough, firstly we were told that scones weren't available, then they came back a few minutes later and we were told that they were. The scones then took an hour to arrive, and when they did, they were cold and distinctly shop-bought -we suspect that someone had literally nipped out to Sainsburys to get them! Another colleague ordered a snack from the bar with a drink - the food took 1 hour to arrive and the staff forgot the drink altogether and had to be reminded.Other frustrations were the huge inconsistencies in service from day to day - we ordered a pot of tea for 2 on day 1 and got a massive pot of tea and 4 x packs of biscuits. We ordered the same thing on day 2 and got a small pot of tea and 2 x biscuits! On Day 1 at breakfast, I was asked &quot;would you like tea or coffee, and would you like toast&quot; - Day 2 I was asked &quot;would you like something to drink?&quot;. No mention of toast on Day 2!! On both days, staff at breakfast did nothing to greet you on arrival in the restaurant, and you had to ask if it was ok to sit down etc.My biggest complaint of all was the food which came as part of the set menu that had been offered to us for our group's dinner.The portion size of the 3 starter options varied wildly - so if you had the fried Brie, you were stuffed, but if you ordered the prawns &amp; avocado, you got a tiny portion (not to mention the 4 tiny cubes of avocado that you had to search for!) . Ditto the main courses - the hallumi was massive and looked appetising. However, one the main course options was &quot;salmon fillet on a bed of wilted spinach&quot;, which many of us had chosen. When it arrived, it was literally a tiny fillet of salmon, with a bit of lettuce and some pink sauce on the plate and no spinach in sight. All the salmon eaters sat there, waiting for accompaniments to arrive, and we got nothing else - no vegetables, no potatoes, nothing! Eventually about 30 minutes after we had all finished our massive(!) salmon main course, the hotel came out with some lukewarm green beans and asked if we would like some - some of our guests said &quot;yes, they will be lovely with dessert&quot;, as we had all finished our main course so long ago! The desserts were edible but the centre of my Amaretti Torte was still frozen, where the chef obviously hadn't got the gateaux out of freezer early enough.What really really got to me though is that all the above was in a hotel that charges £120 a night for its rooms, and over £25 a head for dinner in the restaurant (although I appreciate that our set menu was less than this). Massively disappointing, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. A colleague complained to the manager, who seemed at a loss to explain the food - but said he would take our comments on board. We shall see.	
Aug 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	I travelled up to the Prince Regent for my friends wedding. The hotel was lovely, the staff were very friendly and very accommodating, nothing was to much trouble. The gardens were really pretty for the photographs and the food was delightful. I would recommend the hotel to anyone for the accommodation, food and lovely staff.	
Mar 31 2007	Enjoyed everything about the Hotel	We stayed at the Prince Regent Hotel Woodford Bridge overnight, because my daughter had her wedding reception there. The Princess Suite was fantastic, we found the staff very helpful and polite, in all we had about 10 rooms and none of us could fault one of them. I had read a few reviews before and am I glad that I didn't take any notice of them, as we would have missed out on so much, all I can say to anyone thinking of staying there go along beforehand and have a look around.	
Nov 22 2006 	A lovely hotel	We recently ran a residential training course at this hotel and I must say that the service from the staff was second to none. The hotel was first class and we will certainly recommend it and use it in the future. Thank you all at the Prince Regent	
Nov 20 2006	Not a Four Star	From the outside the hotel was quite impressive. The hotel staff were very polite throughout, However once in the room I found it to look more like a 3 star instead of a 4.The wallpaper had dirty marks on it and parts of the wall seemed to have been crashed with some object. The shower was over the bath and the bath had a chipped enamel edge.After a good night sleep in the bed which was comfortable we had our room service breakfast delivered.It was the first time in any hotel that I have had to leave my sausages with the cooked breakfast because they were undercooked and looked like they had been in a frying pan for approx 2 seconds.After all my moans I would stay there again but only on a room only basis and nothing more.	
Oct 20 2006 	Way too expensive for very ordinary rooms	Stayed there for one night at the end of July 2006. I have stayed there previously. It is a great hotel for functions and the size of function rooms and facilities are pretty much unmatched in the area. However, this isn’t central London and even though the local area is quite wealthy, the rooms here are massively overpriced. I paid £110 to stay a Saturday night. The room was small and you don’t even get a bath! Just a crummy shower and cheap toiletries. Someone else we were travelling with had a room in the newer part on an upper floor which was very very hot. Breakfast wasn’t bad, but for the money you would expect something much much better. This place barely scrapes its four stars in my opinion and I’d rather pay £50 to stay at in Ibis as there is very little to distinguish the Price Regent.	
Oct 19 2006 	not worth the 4 stars	Stayed one night. To get to my room I had to cross through the bar area to the lift which took me to the 2nd floor. Out the lift and walk along a very long corridor which wouldn't have gone a miss in Heathrow. Found another lift to take me to the 3rd floor. Eventually found my room. It was smaller than a travel lodge room. The furniture was crammed in and got in the way. The television had the main 5 channels, 3 news channels and 5 sports channels. The bar was cold and clinical not at all comfortable. I would have liked breakfast but did not recieve my wake up call so had to dash off feeling hungry and angry. Would I stay here again? Definately not. This hotel scrapes a 3 star at most. Save your money and use the Holiday Inn. It might not have the fancy reception but you get what it says on the tin. In the case of the Prince Regent it had steak on the tin I got spam.	
Aug 29 2006 	disgraceful	We chose this hotel as it was listed as 4 star - and this was a special occasion. - We read some negative reviews online and emailed the hotel our concerns prior to our arrival - we did'nt recieve a response. Shockingly on arrival the receptionist was aware of our communication - yet everything was as listed in previous reviews - but worse. The room was dirty - broken minibar, no ventilation and boiling hot, the bedspread and carpet were soiled and the room smelt bad. As we had flown from New York and the event we travelled for was a few hours away we made the best of it, tried to get some ice from room service - did'nt arrive. - then a fan - which arrived filthy dirty, - Upon our return the hotel was in darkness -a blackout whilst all the buildings around us had light. No apologies, no water - no candles or other source of light, the whole thing was so badly managed and dangerous I can't even comment. If you have any other option DO NOT EVER stay in this hotel. At 139.00 Sterling this hotel does not even warrant 2 stars. The rooms are not even well furnished, there really was nothing even average about this hotel.	
Jan 30 2006	Awful rooms good food	On a recent business trip, my colleagues and I agreed that the Menzies Prince Regent definitely isn't up to its 4 stars, apart from the food which is fresh and well-presented. The rooms were dirty: a scum-ring around my bath, grease and ear wax on the phone handset, dusty tables, etc. The electrical sockets blew out frequently (staff said there were electrical faults in the hotel!) and there was no desk to work at, or to place a laptop upon, near to the network access point in the back of the phone. The decor was hideous, with plastic mock bamboo furniture and seven different and clashing fabric patterns used in my room.Eat there, but don't stay there.	
May 4 2004	Dissapointed!	We stayed at this hotel after a wedding reception - it was £90 for B&amp;B - The room was shabby, cold and generally needed a refurbishment.The staff were friendly and the service we receieved was good.Don't expect luxury and you won't be dissapointed.	
