	You get what you pay for	We wanted a cheap, clean and well located London hotel for one night and that's what we got. We had no expectations about frills (there are none). I would recommend it if the hotel and its services are not the focus of your time. Like other reviews the key card didn't work initially.	
	Just one or two problems!	I stayed here with my 3 children and my mum for 5 nights, the hotel reception is how it states on their website, friendly very helpful and 24/7. Tea/coffe making facilities are avalable 24/7, and the staff do not mind if you get up at 0300 to grab a hot chocolate either, Although be careful with the cardboard takeaway cups when using the lift, we was on the second floor!Problems-1- window lock broken! Although reported twice, not fixed at all during our stay which meant i couldn't take my eyes of my children (all aged under 8y.o) for a minute.2- Had to use the clean towels to dry water up from the floor after shower, no clean ones given3- Bunk beds!!!- We booked a family room, Family room for 3 children under 8 years old, mum and myself = Set of bunkbeds, 1 double and 1 camp bed at side of double, NOT a double bed and 3 single beds, or 2 double beds + 1 single bed has we was told would be at time of booking. 4- The TV was hung on the same wall has the bunkbeds which meant that whoever was in the bed under the window had no chance of watching anything has the end of bunkbed stopped the viewing. Also whoever was on top bunk kept catching their leg, knee, elbow, head on tv bracket or the tv on their way up and down the bunk ladder.5) Breakfast is cereal, in a pot, similar to twin muller yogurt pot, (cornflakes one side, milk the other) and fresh juice in glass bottle, to be eaten in you're room at a charge of £5.95 per person!6- Doors banged when closed, not good at 0300 Good points?- These have to be the comfiest beds i have slept in, like sleeping on a cloud!..The hotel staff was excellent with the children. Rooms was moderate clean, although we had no room to move let alone actually see much of the floor.The hotel is nowhere near Kensington palace but is within about 15min walk from the tube station, which is easy to find once you found it once. There is loads of shops about 15-20mins walk from the hotel, A big play park for the children with a lovely welcoming atmosphere from the local parents and children. The hotel doesn't mind if you take food back with you to you're room, i recommend you try the Chicken Inn Takeaway, great prices and best roasted chicken i ever tasted!To sum this hotel up= Great for cheap night stop, Friendly, happy, chatty staff, child friendly, situated just nicely from everything you need, great for a short night stay, although the hotel needs to re-think it's family room and placement of tv's in relevance to all beds.DONT walk back to hotel after around 2100, people will stop you in the street asking for money.	
Nov 23 2009 	I would not recommend this "Hotel" to anyone	Booked a twin room. On arrival found that twin means bunk beds. The so called room was not much wider than a corridor and about as long as a prison cell. Accessing the top bunk would have been lethal so therefore spent a very uncomfortable night sleeping on the floor. No where in their literature of pictures does it mention bunk beds but does show a narrow angle shot of twin beds which I am lead to believe are in a family room. The receptionist was working her first day and been left on her own. I was assured that someone would get back to me re the room, no one did. I have demanded a refund but looking at other comments I don't hold out much hope. Watch this space and please consider very carefully whether you really want to stay here. I have only given a one in the review because the site will not let me give zero.	
Nov 16 2009 	It's a no-no from me	Thought it was a hotel, but was little more than a hostel, a hostile hostel at that. Luckily it was for just one night as a quick getaway for a west end show otherwise I would have cancelled and moved elsewhere. Room is tiny (I'm a UK size 14 and had trouble turning around in the bathroom), the door was wedged open on arrival, the staff knew about this but made us go to the room to allow us to return to tell them the key did not work, no alternative rooms were available, and it was clear they were not going to help. We had to be allowed into our room by a member of staff...each time. There were no curtains only a see through blind that was broken, on one hand I was glad it was winter so that it was dark at night, but the street could see you with the light on and there was no room to change in the bathroom….Nightclub on corner of street is VERY noisy at 3am. Other than that, good value but you get what you pay for.	
Nov 10 2009 	Having trouble with your booking you see we have 2 Jennifer's tonight	I've never had a hotel stay that so exactly matched the Trip Advisor reviews!We checked in at 2300 after a show, and they had trouble finding out pre-paid lastminute.com booking. The excuse: &quot;We have 2 Jennifer's staying here tonight, and we don't know which room has been given to the other Jennifer who checked in earlier.&quot; The clerk had to go find a room that was unoccupied to give us, and they had us register using the other Jennifer's card. I crossed out every piece of info that didn't match mine, just to be safe, and didn't sign the part saying I'd be liable for charges.When we got to our room, there were no towels, but my partner went back down to the desk, and quickly got some. The key never did work, we just knocked and let each other in. The noise from outside wasn't bad, even after bars closed, but any voice in the hallway seemed to be amplified and played louder right in our room. The fire alarm went off once, and we ignored it.However.......the room was sufficiently clean for me, with no smells or bed bugs. The ensuite was also clean, and not as small as others I've stayed in. The shower was hot with good water pressure. As a place to stay between 2300 and 0900 it fit the bill.	
Nov 7 2009 	Reconsider staying here	Rooms the size of prison cells, breakfast containing only Corn Flakes and milk (?!), the smell, keys not working, unsafe location during nighttime, no change of towels or sheets ( we stayed there for three nights and had to share the same two towels the entire time) and not so nice employees.I would really reconsider staying here..Oh and bye the way. I forgot my brand new glasses there and have repeatedly asked them to send them to me (i live in sweden) but they never answer emails unless its regarding booking.	
Oct 28 2009 	Wouldn't recommend to anyone	We arrived at the hotel at 8pm after attending an all day music festival to be told that our reservation had been cancelled because our payment had not gone through. We had reserved the room on our credit card which unfortunately got stolen during the trip so we had to cancel the card. We had thought that the room was prepaid but when we got there the staff said that they had tried to process the payment that morning and given the card had been blocked, they cancelled our reservation. No-one at the hotel tried to call us to see whether we had another credit card or could make alternative payment arrangements, they just cancelled it without notification, The guy at the desk told us he had emailed us to let us know the room had been cancelled (he hadn't, and even if he had, who checks their email every day when they travel?) and there were no rooms left at the hotel. He half-heartedly tried to find us another room that night in the area but I ended up finding a room myself at a Travelodge we had stayed at on our last visit to London. We only booked this hotel because it wasn't too far from Knightsbridge where the festival was held, but I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. Two rooms of people came down to complain about their rooms while we waited for the guy at the desk to find us another hotel room, and there are signs in the street outside warning people about the danger of getting burgled - we didn't see signs like this anywhere else in London. I'm actually glad we didn't stay there, but it was very stressful trying to find at hotel at 8.30 that night.The irony is that they have a digital photo frame at the desk encouraging people to log on to tripadvisor and rate their hotel - it doesn't rate in my opinion.	
Oct 16 2009 	Absolutely Disgusting	We stayed here overnight on a business trip and would not in a million years recommend it.First there were problems booking in as we did not have the paperwork but did have the credit card.Next we were given a key for a family room when we booked two triples. We were then given the family room which by all accounts was ok and a triple which was not.As soon as we walked in the smell of mould hit us and on opening the portaloo, sorry bathroom, door the smell of urine which did not go away when flushing but got worse.We went back to complain and the receptionists could not even get into our room and once he did he sprayed something to cover the smell.We decided to stay in there and put the shower on to warm up, on opening the door the fire alarm went off.The receptionists came to our room and we explained what had happened and he locked our door whilst it was open and said that we could not close it until we went out, so we had to get changed with our door not completely closed.Later that night on returning from having a meal the smell was back.We have since returned home with small insect bites and have contacted the hotel but with no response.This is the worst stay I have ever had - budget should not mean dirty.	
Oct 9 2009 	Definitely a "budget" hotel.	We stayed on two separate occasions. The first time the bedroom was impossibly small for a double bed but the ensuite bathroom was good. On the second visit the room was a larger one but the ensuite bathroom was miniscule! On both occasions we found the facilities clean and adequate, the beds comfortable and the noise levels reasonably low. There has been an on-going problem with the swipe keys for the door locks which we were told was under review. The hotel is conveniently situated to the West Kensington tube and several convenience stores, as well as a laundrette.	
Oct 5 2009 	B	This is NOT a hotel it is a B&amp;B so I will not rate it as a hotel. Booked a double room and was given a room you couldn't swing a mouse in never mind a cat. The smell of raw sewage from the bathroom was stomach turning and if you could stick it long enough to have a shower the fire alarm would go off in the 'so called' bedroom because of the steam. The side of the building has a large sign down the side that says BED &amp; BREAKFAST but they're cute enough not to show that side in photo. The room key never worked so you had to get the reception to keep opening it.WON;T BE BACK!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Double room booked and paid for - got a cupboard with bunkbeds	This trip was booked for me and my girlfriend. I was about to go away to Fiji on an expedition for 3 months as a volunteer research assistant - I had to attend a briefing in London. We arrived at hotel to be told there were no doubles available and they took us to the room which was basically a cupboard with bunkbeds. The area was full of house parties and kids hanging around, we did not feel safe. I moved to another hotel. On trying to get our money back I was informed that the Night Desk Operator showed us a double room and we said it was not suitable - THIS IS A TOTAL LIE. I believe they let our room go to someone else I WOULD NEVER EVER RETURN OR RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE. If my elderly grandparents booked this hotel - how could a 74 and 83 year old get into bunkbeds. Disgusting. To date I have not received an apology or refund so in total one nights stay in London - without breakfast cost me over £200 as I had to move hotels. BEWARE do not stay here.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good budget hotel if you don't mind small rooms	Clean hotel in ok area, close to tube stations. Service at reception slow (receptionist was new though I think...) and key cards had a habit of not working (not good when no-one is at reception!). Room small but clean, and perfectly ok for a nights sleep.	
Sep 21 2009 	There are better deals out there	This is the fourth time I have travelled to London, and all four times I stayed in a different hotel. I was very disappointed with this particular hotel. One of the main reasons I chose this hotel was the fact it had WiFI but the Wifi connection was horrendous. I had to purchase a pay-to-go broadband modem in the end from 02. Even after I had raised the matter up to the reception, there was no improvement (to be fair, i guess all she could do then was just to reboot it).We stayed in a room for 5 then a room for 3 when 2 of our party left earlier. The room for five was cramped but that was expected. What was not expected was a window that could not be closed (and the hotel is fairly near a very busy road), a sink so tiny that brushing our teeth was a challenge (plus it clogs) and a bath tub with shower facilities but no shower curtain? I seriously think there is not much point in advertising about their 'branded' shower gel when a simple thing like a shower curtain was not provided for. The room for three was better, esp the shower faciliity.Free hot choc and coffee is nice, but I could have gotten free breakfast and a room for four in Oxford hotel for the same price i was paying for a room for three. Plus the fact that the hotel was in zone two and that added quite a bit more to our travelling expenses. Worse of all was the staff. During my stay, I had come into contact with four different receptionists. Only one was friendly and efficient. All were foreign (and I am not being discriminatory as I am from the same part of the world as them), and do not take the time to listen to their guests even though their command of English was questionable. They initially refused to check my party in as I had made the booking under my name and I arrived later than the rest (even though I was told by the hotel during reservation that it would not be a problem). A few other niggling problems as well but too lengthy to detail here.The impression I got from this hotel was that the owner was not very invested in its management and left it to part-time staffers (mainly students). I would not recomment it to anyone because there are definitely hotels of equal, if not better value, in zone 1, considering their WiFi is really non-existent. Restaurant choices is practically non-existent around the hotel, which again made it inconvenient.	
Sep 14 2009	new clean but staff not helpful	We had a room for 5 adults and location wise it is OK about 5-10 minutes walk from the tube station. There is no breakfast included but there is a free coffee machine downstairs but the guests. The rooms are clean and new but our sink was partially clogged and the bath area had no shower curtain which made it a little hard as by the time 5 adults bath, the whole floor was wet. The staff were not very helpful and definitely not friendly. Most of the questions asked they had no idea and we had to borrow their luggage room for half a day which they let but upon arrival to collect them, they left us waiting at the luggage room until we had to go down and ask them again to come up (they already knew we were waiting)The website says free wifi connection, it is true, but the connection is weak and I had alot of trouble getting connected. And when I do, it bumps me off saying there is another user using the IP address. So apart from the cleanliness and location, I dont really feel this was very worth it. Dont bother about the free coffee, it wasnt that great to compel us to stay here again. I'm still sore about the internet...	
Jul 5 2009 	hotel	I stayed in W.K. for a week. My room was very small, but incredibly CLEAN!!!!! it's a good place if you need only a bed to sleep in and then go out in the morning for the whole day :) Staff is really nce and helpful. They called a cab for me in the middle of the night and helped with the luggage. Bathroom is tiny but still, it has a wc, sink and shower - what else is needed? ;)	
Jun 19 2009 	Location 	Hotel/guest house was near to underground station, clean, recently refurbished. Staff very helpful &amp; friendly. Rooms small but adequate. Hotel is ideal if you are just looking for a clean bed for the night. Area initially intimidating, but incurred no problems walking around with a young child, though very noisy on Saturday night but then it is London. Overall I paid for what I got &amp; was very pleased with the Kensington West.	
Jun 17 2009 	Cheap Clean and Cheerful	I needed a place to stay for one night in London. Not looking for anything luxurious, finding somewhere cheap was my main goal, hence I stumbled upon the Kensington West (under the confusing guise of the &quot;Olympia Rooms&quot; - but is the same place!) on laterooms.Trust me - for 45GBP (double room) you will not find anywhere as clean, safe or friendly as this in a decent part of London. The receptionists were friendly and helpful, and there is room to store luggage. There are free drinks in reception and free wi-fi. The rooms, albeit small, are meticulously clean and quite modern. There are also toiletries in the bathroom and a small LCD TV on a pivot above the bed.This isn't a luxurious hotel, but it is very functional, and the price reflects that. Breakfast is not included, but there are a few cafes nearby or you can buy cereals at reception. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from West Kensington tube station (hence only a short hop into zone 1) and is in a quiet, non-threatening residential street.Many cheap London hotels are grotty, dirty and unfriendly - but this is not one of them. I shall certainly look no further when needing a no-frills overnight London stay.	
May 30 2009 	Great for those on a budget; otherwise you can do better.	Like many others, I found this hotel after scouring the web for a non-sketchy budget hotel in London and booked a double room and a quad room for my family for 6 nights. Though it worked out well for us, if you have high standards and are not willing to be flexible or make compromises, this is not the hotel for you. My impression was that it has been recently refurbished (new paint, new fixtures in the bathroom, overly elaborate motion sensored lights in the hallway), but that it was not being kept up very well - for example, our shower head sprayed water all over the bathroom, and for most of the trip the bathroom smelled of sewage. If you can shrug that sort of thing off, then this hotel is worth the price. The rooms themselves are small and tidy - just enough room for you and your bags. No fridge but there are rather new TVs, and free wireless Internet. Neighbourhood was generally pretty low-key. Only a handful of restaurants nearby, but head one tube stop over to Earl's Court and you'll find a variety of places to eat, including some of the least expensive menus I've seen in London. As a student on a tight budget, I would come back and stay here. The big rooms would be a nice upgrade for backpackers who are sick of hostels, but unless you are trying to save money, splurge a bit for somewhere a little better located and better maintained.	
May 27 2009 	Pretty good for the price.	We stayed here for 4 days during a trip across Europe. It took forever to find a suitable place to stay in London as most places are either extremely expensive, or cheap with horrible trip advisor reviews.In this case, the price is right, the location is fine (a 5 minute walk to the West Kensington Tube station which is no big deal), and most importantly the room was clean. I'd absolutely recommend this place for the budget traveller. We had a problem with the TV, and the attendant came to check it out right away. We had fresh towels each day, and the beds were fine (although of course not the most comfortable things in the world)	
May 9 2009 	Not much Fun	Walking distaance to Kensington West tube station but the neighborhood made us uncomfortable. Seven doors to access our room, three required the key card. Hot beverage provided in the lobby. Not much variety available for meals nearby so eat before you come or bring your own food. Had to ask for bath towels. No hand towels, washcloths or bath mat provided. Just one sheet and a comforter on the bed which was lumpy. Locked out of our room twice in three days. Reservation was lost. Awakened by fire alarm in middle of the night apparently a false alarm.	
May 2 2009 	What you see is what you get	This was our first trip to London, so finding a hotel was quite a feat. The thing that worried us most was cleanliness (not what London hotels are famous for). After searching through zillions of sites we decided on the West Kensington. I must say that the various reviews were quite accurate. We had a quad which was really microscopic (like the bathroom) however the hotel was SUPER clean, close to the tube station and the area was quaint and pleasant. As the weather was quite cool in the evenings we kept the windows closed so all noises were shut out. Staff was very helpful and friendly, they booked us a cab (at three in the morning), gave us a wake up call and even helped us by re-printing our plane tickets (which we had lost!!!) free of charge. Though I can't really compare it to other hotels as far as prices go (this was our first visit ever) I definitely reccomend it!	
Apr 29 2009 	simple clean and cheap	After searching through dozens of hotels on tripadvisor we settled on this hotel. It was no more or no less of what you could ask of a budget hotel in London. The hotel room and bathroom were incredibly clean +++, which is my first priority. The hotel has a lift, a complimentary 24 hour coffee/tea machine in the foyer, a luggage room to leave your belongings if you have a later flight/train the day of check out and pleasant staff. The location was ideal to walk (with or without luggage) to either Kensington Olympia or West Kensington Tube stations. The neighbourhood felt safe enough (for London) and quiet (excepting the occasional drunken singers walking home). Sure our room was simply that - a room with a double bed, small desk and ensuite but for the price and cleanliness who would argue?	
Apr 12 2009 	A rare find for the budget conscious traveler!	After staying in London budget hotels at least a dozen times, I've come to realize a good value &amp; great hotel when I find one. Most London hotels are small, smelly &amp; just a complete rip-off. But, this hotel is a rare find.1.) VERY clean. You couldn't have asked for a cleaner hotel.2.) Great for the budget conscious traveler. It's a perfect find in a very expensive city.3.) Free coffee/hot chocolate/tea/mocha in the reception area... available all day &amp; night.4.) Within a 5 minute walk from West Kensington station, with easy/quick access to the sights.5.) Elevator available for those who need it.6.) Nice, new refurbished rooms &amp; bathrooms (no shower curtain, but that wasn't a problem.)7.) We had a room to accommodate 4 people - and was plenty of room. They actually had an extra bed to fit 5!8.) The front desk / reception workers were very nice &amp; helpful.9.) Quiet rooms &amp; quiet neighborhood in general. No traffic noise.Book this place... it truly is a rare find for those on a budget!	
Mar 31 2009 	Long weekend in London town	I've book this hotel because was one of the few hotels with family rooms. The accomodation was confortable for 5 dults, with 4 sigle and a double bed. Small bathroom with a tiny sink, bath tube and wc. For was who want to use the hotel just for sleeping I think that is enough. Cleaning and friendly staff. The hotel has an elevator which I think is essential especially if the room is at the higher floors. I recommend this hotel to couples and groups of young people who want to stay in the center and have a low budget. The hot drinks like coffe, chocolate, tea are free and available 24 hours in the reception, it's possible to have the breakfast pack that inlcludes yogurt, chocolate and other things for just 3.95 gbp.The only inconvenience we had and that I consider serious was no hot water for 2 days (we have passed in the hotel only free nights), The staff was not able to resolve the problem, they apologize and ask to us to patient. At the end we left the hotel and the hot water not yet available. I think that in a city as London it's possible to solve any kind of problem any day of the year even on Saturday and Sunday.	
Mar 21 2009 	On the Fence - But Cheap	Just returned from staying 4 nights. Got a quad which was 54# per night. Was a double bed and two twin beds that were hung from the wall and lowered when needed (like bunk beds). The beds were OK. The room was very clean and I thought it was quiet (my wife would disagree with me as she says there was some noise). Observations (1) Adequate heat if needed but no AC. May be a problem in the summer (2) Area is not real nice but we did not feel unsafe. There was always people walking about. Not one of the nicer areas though as all was old and trash was everywhere (3) bathroom was too small. I am normal size but if you are a plus size person then this hotel is not for you. I would have to think twice about staying here again simply due to the bathroom size. It was smaller then those on cruise ships. It was adequate but very very small. (4) a short walk to the west kinsington tube and thus location is not bad. (5) no breakfest but there is a place on the walk to the tube that sells a nice english breakfest for 4 pounds. (6) Hot Choc. machine (Coffee too) was very good. (7) Wi Fi hotspot is not very good as you can connect about 20% of the time. In summary if you can fit in the bathroom and all you want is a clean place to sleep this is a good cheap hotel. Recommended but would still look at my options for the next trip.	
Jan 31 2009 	Spotless	I would like to say few things about this hotel. My sister stayed at this hotel and I made the reservation for her. I was concerned about a couple of bad reviews I saw on this site. Well the hotel is absolutely an excellent value for a very little money, and the bad things that has been said on this hotel are simply not true. I belive also the bad pictures I saw was created at art. My sister came to visit me and this was the second time she was travelling on her own, so I was concerned about the cleaness and the safety of the accompdation. Here my surprise the room was SPOTLESS, very clean from the catpet to the bed. The toilet was immaculate. I've travelled myself a lot and I've never found something like that with that money. The LOCATION was my second priority for my sister and I have to say was excellent. Very quite neibourhood and first of all SAFE. My sister was alone and she felt perfectelely safe. Very close to the tube station ( district line ) and close to hammersmith road, where the bus number 9 goes to the town.The reception was very kind with me and let me see the room for my sister the day before.One thing the rooms are small but was perfect place to sleep safe clean and quite. Is a bed and breakfast! For the little money my sister paid would be hard to find a place as clean as this. Honestly!!!PS: I would like to suggest to the person who left the bad review about this hotel and was so disappointed to spend a little more money (than 30 £ per night) and go straight to Her Majesty the Queen of England and ask if she could rent out a room in Backingam Palace.	
Jan 11 2009 	Excellent low cost hotel in a great location	I booked this hotel after searching for a cheap hotel to stay in after a night out in London. I was intending to book a 'secret' room in a 4* hotel but after reading the reviews on this hotel I decided to book here. I was not disapointed. We stayed in the hotels smallest room with bunk beds and a pod en suite bathroom. The room was clean and larger than I was expecting but still very small. The bunk beds which folded down from the wall were very comfortable making this a better option than a hostel room at the same price.The hotel staff were very friendly and the electronic entry system worked really well. I would book with the hotel direct as this saves you money. There are a few restaurants, a bank and tube station near by. When looking at a map this hotel looks a little difficult to find but is actually really easy.For a night out in London this hotel cannot be beaten	
Dec 22 2008 	Great value!	Myself and 4 friends had two rooms in this hotel. Location was great, 10 minutes walk from West Kensington subway. Was quiet at night and the reception staff were friendly. Rooms themselves were small, so were the bathrooms. BUT- the shower worked, so did the toilet, tv and bed (which is quite large). Yeah there was no breakfast, but if you're paying £36 a night and want free breakfast then you're probably a cheapskate.The hotel was everything it advertises... I can't understand the negative feedback some people leave. I'd imagine they're probably the same people who complain about the service on RyanAir :P11/10.	
Nov 30 2008 	Just what I needed!	I needed to stay somewhere in Central London for one night and still hadn't booked it the night before I was heading down south! Was looking on lastminute.com which showed me cheap rooms, and £38 didn't seem too bad for such a short-notice deal, especially since I had read reviews for other hotels that were a few pounds cheaper that seemed terrible! I looked directly on the Kensington West hotel site and for some reason, a double room with en-suite cost the same as a single room (£38), and reviews were good, so I booked up for the following evening. I arrived at midday and was able to leave my case in a secure luggage room until i checked in later in the evening, when I returned to the hotel. The staff were very helpful and directed me to my room. I was surprised at how clean the room was, it looked very contemporary and had everything I needed for the night. I had no problems with noise at night and the bathroom facilities were clean and above average. The next day, once I had checked out, I was still able to leave my case in the luggage room until I was ready to collect it on my way back to the train station that evening. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the Kensington West hotel and would definitely recommend it. Next time I'm in London, I will certainly use this hotel, its location was perfect and the value for money was excellent!	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Value	We were looking for a hotel to stay in whilst attending open day at university with my daughter this hotel was just what we needed cheap cheeerful great location access to tube cafes' and a few local shops rooms were clean and staff helpful would defo stay again	
Oct 1 2008 	Not what I expected	After reading several reviews from this hotel I was expecting a lot more! The room was overprized and I just feel their hands slipped into my pocket. Not even free breakfast for the price!Negatives: The toilet's so small you can't do anything there, you can't even wash your face in the sink. But hey, at least it has one! The tap wasn't working so I only had (very) hot water and there was no towel hanger. You can hear everything on the top floor of the room. There are no blinds in room's window so it is so bright at night as by day and everyone can look inside. No top sheets on the bed - just a blanket! The room floor was never cleaned while we were there.Positives: very nice and helpful employees; cleanness; very charming; excellent location.I honestly liked the hotel. Really. If it just had the correct price...	
Sep 19 2008 	At last!!	After 5 years of searching for a reasonably priced, clean and comfortable room in the Kensington area I have found it!!I work just around the corner three days a week and stay in London on average two nughts each week.The hotel (more of a bed and breakfast really) is clean, modern and the staff very welcoming. Why is it that most other 2/3 star hotels in Kensington and Earls Court just don't get it!! What we want is CLEAN, modern and staff that can communicate in English and are empowered to sort out problems.Not that I had any problems.Minor gripes - TV reception (in my room) was hopeless and the towels are perhaps a bit frugal.I note that some of the reviews seem to have concern about the area. Don't - I have never had any sort of problem in 5 years and I would feel much happier walking around here late at night than the West End. Its not Kensington High Street but there again you would pay through the nose for that part of the world.A couple of tips - the best pub/gastro pub in London the Cumberland Arms is a 5 minute walk away. A further 2 minutes will take you to Hammersmith Road where you can find Mirabelles the best Italian cafe/take away in London - try the Number 1 salad.I don't know why I am being so positive I want to be able to book in here on a regualr basis and if it gets too popular...................	
Sep 10 2008 	Very affordable and great place and great staff	Hello folks,We had booked 2 rooms in the hotel through Gulliver's Travell Association..It was a great experience in the hotel the staff are pretty nice to the guests and mainly the guy by name Daniel Neagoe was really helpful.We stayed at rooms 3 and 9 for 21 days from 17th august till 6th september 2008.	
Jul 22 2008 	A Truly Great Way to Visit London	Have stayed in London several times before and through a friend had heard about these Castletown Lettings apartments www.castletownhouse.co.uk available in West Kensington and contacted them directly for booking. Found the total experience excellent in every regard. Pricing was well below a good hotel with many more amenities than the hotel had offered. The rooms were fully equipped (big screen flat panel television, wireless internet, full kitchen with oven microwave, large spacious bedrooms, and living room as well). Couldn't have asked for a better location. West Kensington I think is the &quot;in&quot; neighborhhod in London, it's clean elegant, safe and convenient. We were ~5 minutes from a tube stop, and five minites from some great dining spots. Really enjoyed going out to a Thai restaraunt one night for dinner and being able to store our leftovers in our own fridge, and the two minute stroll to a great cafe for morning coffee. Couldn't recommend them more highly. Clean, roomy, ideal location, and most importantly felt at home!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Clean comfortable base for seeing London	We booked Kensington West through the Eurostar website, along with our train tickets from Brussels to London. We chose it for the price, and because we could get a quad room on short notice (we booked 3 days before we arrived).For a budget hotel, this is a good option. It's not necessarily near any places on the to-do list, but it is only a 5 minute walk to the West Kensington Tube station, with easy access to everywhere via Tube. The neighborhood seemed to be very working class, and the hotel was a few blocks from the nearest busy street. We did not feel uneasy about the location, but a woman on her own might not feel the same way. As with every hotel where we've stayed in London, there was conversation noise from outside until the early hours of the night.The hotel was clean and recently refurbished. The kids loved the fold-up bunk beds, which were ready made with clean linens. As with all London hotel rooms, this was small, but it was easier to move around in than our last quad room in London, and more smartly laid out. The minimalist wardrobe had no doors, so it was easy to stow our stuff without having to rearrange the room. The room is equipped with a good, flat screen tv for your BBC viewing pleasure, though it's really only visible from the double bed.On check-in, our room for 4 only contained 1 towel, but the front desk clerk took care of that reasonably quickly. They don't have keys to the linen closet after the cleaning staff leaves, so check that you have what you need as soon as you check in. The light fixtures were cracked from being screwed too tightly, and the bathroom shelf was missing, but the room was otherwise in good repair. I didn't see any air conditioning, but we don't visit London in the summer...There are free hot drinks in the lobby, but don't expect much from the add-on breakfast. It appeared to be yogurt and a granola bar. It was not really overpriced, just not quite what we wanted for breakfast. We simply purchased breakfast food from the grocery store and had that before heading out for the day. There weren't many places to eat nearby, but it was easy to find grub near the places we were visiting, so that did not bother us.Overall, we were happy with this hotel. For a place to sleep between forays into the city, it was very adequate, and we would consider it again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Stay away from this place!! Not sure what the good reviews are...	I have read reviews from here and trip advisor. All had medium things to say. First this is not a hotel but a Bread and Breakfast. I attempted to check in at 1:30 and was told that checkin was at 2:30. There was noone in the hotel at all, they must have had rooms. Second, nothing worked at front desk, credit card mach., phone, internet, wireless etc. Third I was checked into a closet, seriously I have stayed in London many times before, this was a walk in closet; with a suitcase you had to step on the bed to get to bathroom. The door would not open fully from the bathroom as the bed is 6 inches away.I requested another room, after some serious grumbling I was sent to antoher room. Larger size, bathroom was ridiculous small. The toilet was in the shower, YES it is!!! The shower curtain had so much mold it was HARD!! YES!! The mattress is basically a box spring, all night metal springs poking you.I booked 3 nights and left after one. Expedia could not dial international to attempt to refund the difference. I have stopped payment. STAY AWAY!!!	
Dec 31 2007 	it's ok	the location is good. close to the tube station, and a quiet and not at all dangerous area. the room was very small, but at least it was very clean. the staff helpful. we stayed only for 2 nights. we booked this hotel from an internet hotel website, so we didn't pay the normal hotel rates. i advise you to do the same thing, since the normal price is too much for this hotel. no problems with noise.	
Oct 26 2007 	Don't do it.	This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, the customer service was horrible and the hotel double charged our credit card and refused to give us back our money. I would not recommend to stay here. The beds were dirty, our room smelled like a toilet and there was no heat, along with a broken lift. Please think twice about staying at this hotel. It's not worth the money or aggrivation.	
Oct 17 2007 	Small but at a great price	Any clean, bright room with newly painted walls, modern bathroom and a bed with clean linen for only 50Pounds (for a Queen bed) to be had in London wins high marks from me. 5-7min walk to West Kensington Tube took us through a quiet neighborhood that some may mistake for shady, but I would describe as just a little shabby, as one would expect of London, but no unsavory characters in sight. Multiple doors did not bother us as this is the standard in London due to fire safety regulations. But from previous reviews and my own experience, it seems like the lift is permanently out of order! This may be a problem if you are stayingon the higher floors (my second floor room was accessible) and have to lug your suitcase up the narrow staircase. So guests may wish to request a room on the lower floors.The room is very very small! Once we opened our samsonite on the floor there was hardly space to walk around. We had to shimmy past each other sideways and if I sat on the edge of the bed, my knees almost touched the facing wall.... There was no wardrobe to speak of,only a metal bar in an open wooden compartment 1.5ft across, but withhangers for use. The bathroom was clean and modern with black and white tiles. But once again, the sink was tiny to properly brush my teeth over. No towels or toiletries were provided, which was a bit ofa disappointment. However, the lovely high ceilings, easy-on-the-eye pastel green wallsand sheets, new carpeting really made this a good deal for the night.No problem with the wifi connection and people at the front desk werehelpful and printed out the e-tickets we needed for our onward journey. This is not a luxury hotel, but new, good and clean and that's all we needed to rest our heads at night.	
Oct 9 2007 	Had a great experience. Would definitely go back!	OverallWe stayed at this hotel for a week in September and overall had a great experience. The rooms were clean and it did seem as if they were newly refurbished which was nice. The rooms are rather small, but this is London and that's what you get. The room was mostly taken up by a bed and the dresser/desk, but the two of us were able to get around the room without any problems. There was a flat screen TV on a bracket that was convenient to catch the news or a movie on, but not in the way or taking up valuable space. The room served its purpose for us, which was mainly as a place to sleep between busy days sightseeing. I would reiterate the comment others have made about the stairs and doors. You do go through a few doors and probably one or two flights of staits on your way in and out so I would consider that if you think about staying here. At the end of the day, this was a pretty good hotel for the money and we would definitely think about staying here again.StaffThe staff was very friendly and helped us on a few occasions. First we needed to check in early and this wasn't a problem at all. Secondly, we needed a wake up call one morning to catch a train and when we discovered our room had no phone outlet, the front desk clerk (who was as surprised as us about the phone) volunteered to come by our room and knock on the door at 6AM so we could catch our train. LocationWe felt the location was great! It was a five minute walk to the West Kensington tube station which allows you to take the District Line to almost all of the major tourist attractions. It's not hard to switch trains in London, but if you can avoid it, why wouldn't you? There weren't a ton of places to eat near the hotel, but there were enough to get by if you had to. There was a pub/bar, a Chinese restaurant, and a few cafes that were open for breakfast and lunch. We mostly ate closer to the City Center, but on the few nights we were near the hotel we ate in the area and it was great. Finally, we definitely felt safe in the area, even walking at night from the tube station to our hotel.	
Sep 25 2007	good budget accommodation	Myself and my friends stayed here for a weekend on a girly weekend. We found the accommodation perfect for our needs. Booked in at around 10 at night. We had two family rooms. One room had a double bed and bunk beds and the other room had 3 single beds and 2 bunk beds. We had more beds than we needed. Our rooms and ensuites were very clean. The hotel doesn't have a bar or a restaurant. We got hungary the first night so we just phoned down and they ordered a pizza for us no problem. There isn't much in West Kensington. There is a lovely cafe down the road for breakfast and we just got the tube to everywhere else. The tube station is only a 5 min walk away. This is a great place for a group of friends to stay.	
Aug 12 2007 	Ignore the bad reviewa!	After reading some of the previous reviews we were slightly apprehensive about what to expect but were VERY pleasantly surprised.Firstly, can I reassure you that the area is very pleasant and unthreatening. It's residential and there were no signs of the drunk men and hookers roaming the streets as the previous reviewer suggested! (In fact, our daughter lives just round the corner and found this very amusing!)The people in 24 hour reception were curteous and welcoming and everywhere was extremely fresh and clean. Our room was small but adequate - the bed was clean and comfortable and the shower room was sparkling.Best not to take advantage of the packed breakfast but there are a couple of cafes a few minutes' walk down the road where you can get a very well priced breakfast instead.We will definitely stay here again the next time we visit our daughter.	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent value for money! Would go back definetely!!	I booked this hotel through Venere.com - booked for Olympia rooms - not sure why they differentiate, it's the same hotel. We paid £100 for a room for 4 people (room only, they do not offer breakfast but have coffe machine with free capuccino, expresso, hot chocolate, tea, etc).The hotel has been renovated recently and looks lovely. The staff are very pleasant and helpful, it was possible to leave our luggage in a secure room after the check out without extra charges.The room was of good space, considering there were one double bed and two single beds. The bathroom was great, spacious, new and very clean. Beds are comfortable.I would only say the window could be bigger and the curtains a bit darker, as the room was too hot to sleep (we were in the third floor and manage to sleep with the window open). Also the lift was out of order and no one offer to take our luggage up (we were four women, one being a senior).The location is excellent, near the underground, and seemed safe to walk during the night.There are a couple of places nearby to have breakfast in the morning (the 'continental' one - green building, was very good!).We would definetely return there.	
Jul 15 2007	Bad experience!!	The fine arts students at my school went on a field trip to London. We were all so excited. The day before, the chaperones told us our hotel was changed because our Comfort Inn was overbooked. I guess West Kensington is where you go when your hotel is overbooked.... So yeah...we all saw pictures on their site and they were random like, a light, a faucet, no pictures of the actual rooms really. There was one picture of a room that had a computer in it and looked really nice, but that room was nowhere to be found in the hotel. So, when our group first got there, there was a mountain of garbage outside of the front. Not very nice looking.... So, when we first got there, we were told our room wasn't finished being built, so we had no room to freshen up in after a 10 hour flight. So, 6 of us had to go in a 2-person room and all use that tiny bathroom. When we got back that night, our room was built. So we went down the nail-littered hallway with blood on the stairs, and got to our room finally. But, the room key didn't work. So, we had to go all the way back down the not-finished hallway with no carpets and wait for them to help us. Then when we got in our room, we noticed our only, minimal floor space was soaked. We complained to our tour guide and she told the staff who said it was &quot;just bleach spilt&quot;. So they put some towels on it for a bit and then left. So, we slept in that bleah-smelling room all night, not opening the windows because we were afraid of the area the hotel was in because it had hookers and drunk men yelling at us (we are only 17). The next day, we woke up late because our phone didn't work for wake up calls. We took our showers only to discover that the room was indeed JUST finished on account of things falling off the shower walls due to the heat. After one of us showered, we discovered we had no towels because they used them to &quot;clean&quot; up the bleach. So one of us went down to get more, but the person at the desk said he didn't have the key to get to them. So some of us had no towels. Coming back that night we were happy to hear we had a new room. We tried to watch the TV, but the remote was attached to the other side of the room which couldn't see the TV, because the bunk bed was blocking it. So we had to go up to the TV to change it. I had troubles with my bank and had no money so I had to call my mother in Canada, but the phone in the room wouldn't make outside calls and they wouldn't let me use their phone at the desk because it was their only line and they said they had to keep it open incase people wanted to make reservations. Nice. I had to walk down that scary street to a payphone to call and get it straightened out. It went on for a few days so every time I had to go to that payphone. Another person that was staying in another room had a horrible experience as well. He and his roomates admitted they broke the toilet seat. They received a bill for a toilet seat along with a shelf. They had no shelf in their room so they wondered what shelf they could be talking about. They told him it was the shelf in the bathroom. But, one remembered that the shelf was there one day and gone the next; the &quot;maid&quot; probably was wiping down the shelf, and the shelf being newly built, broke off. And they had to pay for it. A similar thing happened to another girl, her shelf fell off because it was newly glued. So, they charged him for a shelf he didn't even break.  Their &quot;lift&quot; didn't even work, although on their website they said they had a FULLY WORKING lift, so we had to lug our suitcases down the narrow hallways, marking up the walls, and almost fell down the stairs while trying to bring them up. The breakfast was not a breakfast. They made them up at 12 midnight and left them out until we came and got them around 7. It was orange juice, yogurt, and a crossaint from the corner store up the street. My friend was lactose intolerant, so she had nothing to eat. The &quot;housekeeping&quot; was terrible and probably non-existant. Our &quot;breakfast&quot; that was left on our floor (because the garbage can was too small) was there for our whole stay.We even moved them so the housekeeping would have to step over them to enter the room, but they still didn't throw them out. We had rotting orange juice and yogurt in our rooms the whole time. They also took my soap that I brought from my home because I have sensitive skin. I left it on the wonderful shelf and when I went back that night, it was gone.	
Jul 15 2007 	Fills a Niche - Recommended	I booked on lastminute and got a single room for €109. The room is small but full functional. The door from the corridor opens straight into bedroom. The room is taken up with a large queen or maybe king bed which occupies about 50% of the bedroom floor space. This might sound cramped, but it's fine. A flat screen TV is on a movable wall bracket above the bed. The bathroom/shower is in a seperate room, and is also pretty small, but clean and functional. There's free hot drinks from a machine in reception.Like a previous review, there's a lot of fire doors and stairs (especially if the lift isn't working), so I wouldn't recommend it for people who have difficulty climbing.Lastly, as also mentioned in other previous reviews, it's obviously been recently refurbished. You can still faintly detect the smell of fresh paint.This hotel is not luxuruous. But it is clean and functional. In my opinion, this place is great as a central location - 5mins from West Kensington tube - you probably won't find better.	
Jul 5 2007	okay...	hotel seems newly renovated. we thought we could smell paint (or a cat liter box) in one of the hallways.The hotel gives an interesting impression. the paint colors are white and greens (like the greens used in some schools and public buildings in the USA for a time). there are at 4-5 doors to walk through in the 20 feet from the front of the hotel to our hotel room, with multiple security locks. The bathroom in our room was a modular fiberglass unit. When in the hotel room the bathroom walls looked normal, but inside the bathroom it felt like a plastic box within the hotel room. the floor connects to the shower and walls and all were fiberglass. a great practical idea -- no way water will leak out because the whole bathroom is like a big piece of fiberglass Tupperware.The 'free' internet didn't work reliably at all and required watching ads to get started. the phone in our room didn't work either, and we ended up having to make calls home from the phone at the front desk.The single person at the desk was pleasant and helpful, but clearly was not an owner/manager and was limited in what could be done.The hotel is 5-10 minutes north of the West Kensington tube station.I wondered if breakfast was included after the fact, but we were not aware of it at the time. If we had eaten there it might have improved my view of the value of the hotel.This is not a terrible hotel, but I know that there are better.	
Jul 2 2007 	lovely hotel	I felt I had to write a review as i was a little anxious on my way down to london after reading some of the other reviews. 5 of us were staying in 2 rooms.Firstly when we arrived we were greeted at the reception by friendly,helpfull staff. We were given our swipe cards and off we went to our rooms. The guys room had a bathroom, tv and a double and single bed. Me and my fiance went into our room next door to theirs and found we had bunk beds! one phone call and ten minutes later we were transferred to a room with a double bed. There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms but there was a free machine in reception which had a wide variety of hot drinks, better than just the tea bags and sachets of coffee you usually receive in your room. Also there is no breakfast room, but you can buy a continental breakfast pack from reception to take to your room. Or there is a cafe round the corner that serves a good full english and pancakes :o)Rooms were fairly small but plenty big enough. Pull out flat screen tv's on the wall and comfy beds. Fire doors in corridoors were silenced so didn't bang everytime people opened them and didn't hear any noise from other rooms.I am guessing it is a recent refurb, very clean with nice fresh decor. Overall, a fabulous trip to london in a fabulous hotel :o)	
Oct 16 2006 	very central	I stayed here in a triple room with my two sisters, for a long weekend. It only cost €120 for the room per night, including breakfast. For that money, it seemed good value, we couldn't find anything cheaper that was that central. It was an ideal location , close to Oxford Circus underground station. The room was fine, we got what we paid for. There were two single beds and a camp bed in the bedroom, and 2 comfy chairs and a tv. there wasn't much room for anything else in the room. The decor was a bit dated, but the room was clean. The bathroom was fine too, there was plenty of hot water, and the toilet was separate to the main bathroom, which was handy when sharing with 2 other girls. The breakfast room was quite small, but we got a table within 5 minutes every morning. Breakfast was buffet, and there was lots of food, so we were happy with that. On the second night we came back we were told that our room had been flooded so they'd moved us to another room. The second room was exactly the same as the first, and they'd put all our stuff exactly where we'd left it in the other room, so that was ok. The rooms were really quiet at night and the beds were quite comfortable, except for the campbed, which hadn't been put up properly, so it collapsed when someone sat on it. But we put it up properly, and it was fine from then on.Overall, I'd go back to this hotel. It was clean and well located and good value.	
Dec 6 2004	Never Again	It was as a result of being unable to book into my normal hotel (just across the road from the Aston Court) that I booked a night's stay at this hotel...The bedroom stank of stale tobacco smoke, the lavatory in the bathroom was not properly fixed to the floor and the shower curtain was due for a long overdue cleaning or replacement. The hotel itself was drafty, cold, unwelcoming and generally shabby. My twin room without breakfast was £95 for one night - if they halved the price it would still not be worth staying there! A truly unpleasant experience	
Nov 29 2004	Not so great...	Ok in a pinch, but not someplace I would choose to stay again. Everything felt old and not so well taken care of. I wasn't happy with the feel or neighborhood of this place. Also, this was not a great place to stay if you were into walking to tourist attractions. On the plus side, the bathroom was decently sized and had great water pressure. There was also a great pizza place close by, and an awesome Sports Bar up the road.	
Aug 13 2004	What a Dump	The Aston Court Hotel is a dump. I don't mind staying in a low rent place if there is one good thing to redeem it, however, in this case there was not. It is in a poor location for experiencing London, the workers were not friendly or helpful, the room was cluttered, the bedcoverings old and worn, the hot water in the tub was a trickle. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here.	
Nov 26 2009 	Ottimo		
Oct 31 2009 	Confortevole ma piccolo		
Aug 13 2009 	hotel limpio y refomado.excelente relacion calidad precio		
Jun 23 2009 	Attention voleurs !		
May 3 2009 	Super		
Nov 27 2008 	Très bon hôtel rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 14 2008 	Grande città... mini hotel!		
Jul 3 2008 	Kenington West non e` un albergo ma un semplice ostello d.gioventu`		
Dec 3 2007 	Simplemente perfecto		
Oct 5 2007 	Logement propre!		
