Nov 23 2009 	Over-rated and poor value	We stayed one night on Saturday 21st November 2009 for our 10th wedding anniversary and got a special 'weekend reservation' rate for £172.50 room rate. The hotel staff and service are first class, but that is about it. The pictures the hotel uses to promote itself are misleading. We had visions of relaxing in the bar taking in the view of the Thames - but we were wrong! The bar area itself is tiny (half of it tucked away under the stairs leading to the mezzanine level). The two best seats in it were 'reserved' and as for the view of the river, you can only really see it from the top rooms at the hotel. The bar is set back overlooking the pool building which is in front of the hotel. Value for money is appalling. If you are a business traveller with a generous expense account - no problem. Otherwise, avoid. I had a small glass of beer (less than half pt) - it was a fiver. There are no tea and coffee making facilities, so we had a pot of weak tea for two delivered - nine quid including service! The valet car parking was on offer at £34, but you can park round the corner at weekends for a bargain £5 for 24 hours! We refused to pay £50 for breakfast for two, so passed on that. The rooms are big and the beds are very comfortable, but we had a city view which is not so glorious. The Virgin active health club next door which is included is absolutely superb. The spa and pool are stunning. The pool sits right above the Thames with great river views. All in all, I wouldn't go back here unless I was a business traveller on expenses.	
Nov 15 2009 	The worst high end hotel you could stay at	Awful front desk staff. I travel around the world 6x per year staying at all top hotels, ie peninsula, ritz, four seasons. Their staff is perhaps the rudest and most non-responsive I can ever recall Adjacent gym (need to go outside around hotel...not fun on a bad day) is Ok but very crowdedTerrible breakfast selection with servers hit or missAvoid front of hotel although river rooms cost 40 pounds more per night...very noisyWeekends are challenging...need to take a 10 min. walk to get to the adjacent train station mall to get any snacks, goods, cash, etc.	
Nov 3 2009 	A Class Act. Superb Service. Elegant and Refined.	The service at this hotel is phenomenal! A few months before my stay, I visited the hotel to ask about the different room types, the MANAGER (yes the MANAGER) personally took me from floor to floor to show me the view from different room types on different levels! Thorughout my stay the service I received was second to none. The room was furnished in a modern but refined and elegant way. All aspects of interaction between the us and the hotel was perfect. Will definitely try to stay at Four Seasons wherever I go!	
Oct 26 2009 	Business focused hotel - not for leisure trip	We always choose a Four Seasons hotel if available in cities we are travelling to but Four Seasons in central london was closed for renovation so we opted for canary wharf. It is away from main sights but canary wharf is a nice area with nice cafes, shops, bars, and nearby tube station. Staff are usual four seasons standard but this hotel lacks facilities. The nearby Virgin health club was extremely busy with regular clients on sat at 10am so i did not find it at all relaxing. I prefer when there is a guest-only facility. A few extras would have made my stay better - for example there were no tea/coffee making facilities and no slippers in room. There is only a small bar area in lobby to lounge outside your bedroom. The terrace was not open, and despite photos on website there are no direct views of thames (unless you have a bedroom with a view which we did not). The rooms are spacious and very comfortable, but for the money I will be booking a luxury hotel in city centre next time. For business trip to canary wharf however you can't go wrong.	
Oct 18 2009 	Very Good	Attended a 1 day conference with dinner and overnight stay. Hotel was very good, staff helpful and attentive. Room was large and the bathroom had bath and shower with room for a seat. Dinner was very good albiet a little slow. Not aware of price so cannot comment on value for money. Location great for Canary Wharf, the East End and Olympics but not so hot for the City or West End	
Oct 15 2009 	Understated Luxury Lots of Space No Charm	Spent four nights at this property on the edge of Canary Wharf. I've been a frequent guest here on past business trips. The rooms are oversized (living + sleeping area), with lots of amenities including a giant flat screen TV and sweeping views of the River Thames. This is a great and convenient hotel if you work in nearby Cabot Square or the numerous Canary Wharf office complexes. The rooms are decorated in muted tones and not in the typical FS understated elegance. Wood panelling throughout gives it more of a Scandinavian feel. The reception staff are efficient but not particularly welcoming. The place feels like an Investment Banker's dormitory.	
Oct 4 2009 	Fantastic Service Boring Room	The hotel staff are superb - friendly, helpuful, efficientRoom service is fast. Breakfast is very good.Regarding the room, I stayed in a deluxe room with king size bed. Fantastic view, but the room is totally, utterly and most boring! Everything is brown on brown on more brown, and it is not even real brown, it is that fake wood brown.. There's simply nothing special about the room, at least nothing to suggest it is a 5 star hotel.	
Sep 18 2009 	Best Sunday Lunch in London....oh and a nice Hotel. But watch out for Arsenal...Penguin Family review	Four seasons hotels are always good, if a little formulaic. If you know the brand, then you already know that the rooms are good quality &quot;business traveller&quot; type of affair, but still attainable (to a point!) for those not on expenses.The real &quot;USP&quot; for this hotel is sunday lunch. It is a marvellous affair that brings in non-hotel residents from all around. It is a veritable feast! - Buffer service, but also full waiting service to help.Sort out the Bucks Fizz &amp; bloody-marys to prepareStart with a plate of delicious beef carpaccio.Move on with a plate of very fresh sushi.Have a little mid-course pasta dish, prepared for you on the spot.Tuck into one of the choice of excellent roasts, cooked how you like it.Rest for a bit more alcohol!Desserts - dozens to choose from! Everything from bread and butter pudding with custard to the daintiest little creme caramel. How many do you want?Oh, and you can always go back for more of anything you want.It's quite easy to spend a good few hours at Sunday Lunch in CW Four seasons really indulging yourself, so you might need to book a room to sleep it off!Only possible downer - depending on your angle - I've been there quite a few times and it seems to be a favourite weekend retreat or something for the Arsenal team!	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent Service	Stayed there at the end of July. Decent room and it was cleaned twice a day. Fantastic location for the office (maybe not so good for the West End) but Canary Wharf was a lot more happening since the last time I was there. Best thing about the hotel was the level of service from all the staff but, in particular, from the night staff whom we kept up serving drinks to 5 a.m. every night. Never a complaint from them even though they were having to put up with a load of drunken arses.........	
Aug 15 2009 	A Modern London Hotel - Quirky and Compelling	This was my fifth stay at Canary Wharf. It is much more contemporary than its poor sister that is being refurbed on Park Lane. The staff at Canary Wharf are second to none. The hotel has a definitive contemporary feel in all locations but it is refreshingly satisfying. The river view rooms are unequalled in London. If you are travelling from mainland Europe and can get a flight into or out of London City Airport you are only 4 minutes to Canary Wharf as compared to 54 from Heathrow.The newly redesigned restaurant is superb with the open view kitchenThe menu is variable and well priced for London. The access to the Virgin Health Club next door is a huge plus.Its the staff that make this place shine. Doorman, Reception, Bellman, and Room Serive and Restaurant were all excellent and willing to engage in conversation at any time.Allow some extra travel time to Central, the water taxi is a great alternative.Give this hotel a chance and you wont be disapointed.	
Aug 8 2009 	Worked out very well.	Despite the location (away from London's central city) the location was great as we felt comfortable using the tube and other transportation (river taxis, a great way to see London and they leave from a dock very close to the hotel). Our rooms were fine including being large. The maid service was excellent. Room service was very good. The evening meal at the restaurant was wonderful. Breakfasts not so good (the standard English breakfast was very heavy; other choices were better but expensive). The concierge service was outstanding. The whole family was actually glad we stayed at the 4S Canary Wharf when they experienced the unbelievable crowds in the center of the city. Also the shops and restaurants at Canary Wharf were fun. The swimming pool and athletic club are awesome (free to hotel guests and essentially at the hotel). Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 19 2009 	The hotel that will	This was my 2nd time at FSCW, and as the first time, the experience was excellent. Now I went with my parents and simblings aged 16 and 8, the service was excellent, the complimentary service for the children was excellent, there were special treats for the children given by the hotel. The staff was very good, helpfull too. The loation is briliant if you get a river view room. The bad thing which is not that bad is the location is a bit away of the center of london, but there is canary wharf tube station just 5 to 10min walk from the hotel.Is a good hotel for those who travel with children, and in a romantic trip.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great service and big rooms make up for the location	My wife and I stayed at the FS Canary Wharf on a 6 day stop in London. The location is a little inconvenient for a tourist, it means 10 extra minutes in the tube each way to and from central London, but we got a deal we couldn't resist and were happy to be at this hotel. Our room was huge by European standards (wtith a Thames view), the service was impeccable, food was excellent, and Canary Wharf has many excellent bars and restaurants, plus all the other amenities one needs. Best of all, Canary Wharf is nearly devoid of the millions of tourists who descend on the rest of London - a great place to have a relaxing evening stroll by the Thames without being bumped by crowds and dodging cars on every corner. I wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel. If you want to be in the heart of the action it isn't for you, but we thought ot was great.	
Jun 15 2009	The staff was so helpful! Expesually when you are in a foreign country.	They walked us to our rooms. Always showed us to whereever we were asking. Made she we had wake up calls and taxi's ready and someone up to carry the bags when we were planning on leaving. They gave us great tips about the city. They even offered a swim suit for me to borrow. They did everything they could to make sure that our time there was worth everything! We had a wonderful huge window with a view of the Themes river. They had a huge fitness center with a pool and everything you could amagine and more!	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location - smart hotel	I'm not the biggest fan of London (in fact there are only two good things about the Capital: Tottenham Hotspur and the M4 westbound), but this hotel exceeded my expectations. I have stayed in a few Four Seasons - all different in their own way - and this one is one of my favourites. The breakfast is a must. Literally everything you can eat is on offer. There is a fun walk in kitchen where you choose your eggs, etc.The room was spacious and ery comfortable. The shower was powerful and large. Overall, it is a good solid hotel. Expensive, but this is London afterall!	
Jun 6 2009 	Not up to Four Seasons standards (Maybe Three Seasons??)	Hotel is in a nice setting, room was great, etc... problem is with the level of service. Seems that 2 factors are at play. First, it feels like the place is a little under maintained. I ordered a grilled steak from room service my first night and was told the grill was now working. Same thing 4 days later! At a Four Seasons? Through out hotel, workout room, etc... were inoperative features giving the impression of an operation on it's last legs. Second issue has to do with staffing. I understand the need to hire people from other parts of the globe but it would be a good idea to train them in the most basic english language skills BEFORE you put them to work. For the record this skill is only necessary in countries where english is the language, is very understandable to have some difficulties when overseas. I was at hotel 5 nights and every morning the process of ordering a pot of coffee from room service was a grueling ordeal. I felt bad because the people seemed intent on getting it right.All of this would be fine at a Hilton or some other lesser chain. Feels like maybe should be called Three Seasons.	
May 29 2009 	Great location and service	Went there on business.Very big room, working area +++Staff very nice and helpful.	
May 18 2009 	what do you expect?	I was living in the lap of luxury at the Four Seasons. The room was pristine and spacious and cleaned twice a day. I had a king sized bed and king sized bathroom with high end L'Occitane toiletries. There's a gym and free business center in the hotel, and you also have access to the Virgin Active gym next door. It's perfect for someone with an expense account working in Canary Wharf but not a place I would stay at on my own dollar.	
Apr 17 2009 	Memorable stay !	We have just returned from a wonderful break at Four Seasons Canary Wharf. It was a special treat I organised for my husband’s 40th birthday. Having looked through a number of luxury hotels on the internet I came across the insideluxurytravel clip of Four Seasons Canary Wharf hotel by the end of which my decision was made! I was slightly apprehensive in the beginning as sometimes things so nicely and eloquently described are simply not true, but to my great delight our experience at this hotel surpassed all of our expectations. Firstly, we were upgraded to a Deluxe room which was an absolute surprise! The room, spacious and elegant in its understated décor, had breathtaking views over the Thames and we could see many of London’s famous landmarks! The bathroom with its marble tops and plenty of fashionable accessories was just fantastic.  We dined at the hotel’s restaurant twice. What a lovely setting it was, we have never felt so special and looked after! Breakfasts were also exceptional- cooked to order and well presented; service simply unmatched – friendly and efficient.I must say the hotel’s staff deserves a special praise. From the moment we arrived and throughout the whole stay we were made to feel like a royalty. Without exception every member of staff we encountered was truly professional, doing their best to make our stay perfect.We have travelled a lot and must admit that our stay at Canary Wharf was without any doubt one of the best we ever experienced. Needless to say this memorable stay impressed us so much that we have already recommended this hotel to all our friends!	
Apr 13 2009 	Sterile	I'm a huge Four Seasons fan. The brand and the experience is normally top notch. I don't think is anything neccesarily wrong with this hotel it just doesn't feel like a Four Seasons should. I like good food and I'm happy to pay for it, but even I baulked at the overpriced Quadrato restaurant, did I really pay 17GBP for three small scallops? Was that Voss water being refilled in the kitchen as I never saw the seal unbroken?	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel for business travel	Spacious, great service, extremely well maintained. There are also pictures from the corner &quot;executive&quot; suite I stayed in - look for them on Tripadvisor.	
Mar 6 2009 	Another great stay!	I have just returned from another great stay at this excellent hotel - my second visit toa concert at the O2 and my second stay at the Four Seasons. I was in Londonto see Tina Turner at the O2 Arena. Neither disappointed and if anythingthe hotel was even better than I had remembered from my previous stay lastyear.The service here has to be experienced to be believed, with our every needseemingly anticipated effortlessly and with a genuine warmth and desire toplease, particularly at reception and in the restaurant. Our room wasagain huge, and the views of London over the river are amazing especiallyat night when the city is all lit up. From our room, looking up the river we could see the London Eye, the Gherkin, Tower Bridge and all the way to Crystal Palace!I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to those who are lookingfor a very comfortable hotel, offering excellent service and genuinehospitality when staying in London.	
Jan 16 2009 	Disappointing	Came to FS Canary Wharf for 1 night and chose it because of its proximity to the O2 arena. We where going to the Elton John concert on New Years Eve and we wanted a good hotel for this very special nightWhen we got to our room we quickly found out that the heating was not working properly and the room was freezing. I called reception and they said maintenance be arrive in the room immediately.After 20 (!) minutes a polite maintenance guy arrived. He checked and then told us that the heating system is in need of a new part of some sort and that it can not be delt with until next week. He said that he would ask housekeeping to send us some portable heaters. Can you believe that to be a four seasons solution??I thanked him and called front desk. After repeating to the lady what the guy said se asked me if this was an acceptable solution and I bluntly told her that to my experience this is not a solution that should be acceptable by four seasons standards. I paused for a few seconds to let her think and then she replied that she will get back to me.Another 10 minutes passed and we just sat there, unable to even take a shower after a long flight because the room was so cold we would definitely go sick if we get out from a hot shower to it. I called front desk again and demanded a solution. I was transferred to someone senior and she offered me another room – a deluxe one with a river Thames view. I said fine as long as the heater works. The deluxe room was exactly the same as the superior one only it did have a river view that to my opinion is not worth the extra 60 pounds, but at least the heating worked.Both rooms where dull and cramped and the king bed mattress was tired. In conclusion, This is NOT one of the &quot;good&quot; four seasons and is not even excellent as a business hotel. I am not recommending it if you are looking for an above average four seasons experience and would defiantly will not return. It is a scar on the four seasons image and brand. Shame. - -	
Nov 3 2008 	Great weekend break	I have stayed at this hotel once before and loved it more this time than the last.The staff are very attentive and I made sure our view of the Thames was not blocked this time round.The food in the resturant was wonderful and so was the wine.We took a clipper ride this time and went to explore the O2 which was fun.I would recommend this place for anyone :)	
Oct 2 2008 	Great place to stay if exploring Central/East London	We had a very enjoyable stay at the four Seasons, with exemplary service - friendly and efficient - but at a high price that is just about worth paying for the quality. We were upgraded to a deluxe room, which was a good size and overlooked the Thames (but we did wonder how big the room we'd actually booked, a superior, would have been). The decor is good but rather on the 'minimalist' side, but great bathrooms, wonderfully comfy beds and fantastic sound-proofing - didn't hear a thing all night. Breakfast was great too, with a really wide selection all freshly prepared and brought to you rather than collected from a a buffet. Guests get use of the Virgin Spa behind the hotel, which was excellent.The location is good too if, like us, you are going to something at the O2 arena or want to visit Greenwich. it is easy to get to central London from here too, especially if you use the excellent Thames Clipper boat service that has a stop just beside the hotel.The main downside is cost, really, especially the bar - £20 for 2 glasses of wine.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great	Stayed a night at the Four Seasons for a wedding banquet and the Brunch the following day. The hotel itself and the facilities are fantastic - well worth the treat although the hotel is probably not the right location if you need to travel into Central London. Rather strangely, the Arsenal football team stayed there on the same evening on the night before they were playing at their home ground.Better suited to businessperson.	
Sep 24 2008	Love 4 Seasons...but not this hotel	Stayed at many 4 Seasons...this on lacks location, style anything special. Staff are lovely...but the product is just not right. A mistake.	
Sep 14 2008	Luxury at a price	Unbelievable bathroom! Just wish I had more time to spend here. I stayed for 1 night with work, so luckily didn't have to pay the extortionate bill myself. When you walk in and see a bottle of water on the side with a price tag of £6, you know you have reached the top! My room looked out over some non- descript part of London, but the pitta and humous in the bar in the evening were absolutely the best I have tasted anywhere. Summary: Well overpriced; not something I would pay for myself, but feel privilaged to have stayed here.	
Aug 12 2008 	nice but way "OVER PRICED"	this is not the four seasons hotel type we are used to in the states, this hotel is modern and plain but yet you PAY big $$$ for it...there is nothing extra special about this 4 seasons, its clean and has a real good rest., the service is excellent and the location is ok if you need to be in financial district. personally i wud never stay here again, for the price i paid i can stay in the middle of the city somewhere.	
Aug 4 2008 	Wonderful place to have a Wedding Reception	I am perhaps somewhat biased to review this hotel as it was the hotel my husband and I chose for our wedding reception. Back in July 2008, we got married and organized our wedding reception in the Four Seasons Canary Wharf ballroom. The wonderful modern design of the hotel, sleek service, professional staff and the great food and wine made this hotel our first choice for our special day. We were not disappointed. The hotel sits on the Thames very close to the Canary Wharf Pier with regular boats to Greenwich and Central London, Canary Wharf DLR / tube and Limehouse Station. The car park beneath the hotel is secure but abit of a maze to find the pedestrian routes to and from it.As newlyweds, we were give the huge Suite complete with living room, bedroom, walk-in closet, dining room, kitchen and a bathroom to get lost in. The Bang and Olufsen sound system and choices of music CD’s is a lovely touch. From our windows we could see the Thames and wonderful views as far as St.Pauls and The London Eye. Our room certainly did not disappoint.The restaurant boosts its fantastic chef. The food is delicious and well presented. Our full English breakfast was a feast in fact we could not finish it. Drinks in the lobby bar are expensive but sit around long enough and you are sure to see a couple of celebrity faces. It was a wonderful venue to have our wedding and we have no regrets what so ever. A touch more expensive than other hotels in the area but what you get is the most pampering feeling. It’s worth every penny. We would recommend this hotel for short stays i.e. a weekend to a week. The Canary Wharf area can get somewhat dull and there are livelier areas of London which has a better night / social life. Should you plan your wedding here, of course we would highly recommend this venue.	
Jul 15 2008 	Outstanding	We wound up the last leg of our Europen trip at this outstanding property. Yes, it is a bit of trip into central London but the attributes of this fine hotel more than make up for it. The rooms are a nice size with sharp modern appointments. The food was outstanding. We ate breakfest, lunch, and dinner during our four night stay and all three meals were exceptional. Finally, ask for a room with a view of the Thames, it is a breathtaking visual.	
Jul 5 2008 	Lovely if you have the cash	Stayed for one night in a lovely 7th floor suite with a great view over the Thames and the city. The rooms were furnished to a high standard, as one would expect, and were spacious and clean.The spa facilities are part of an Esporta gym next to the hotel. The swimming pool was large and the spa facilities were lovely. My only gripe is that it was a bit busy.We had a room service meal for dinner which was wholly average - in fact, very overpriced for the standard, but I guess that comes with the territory. I was also a bit peeved that I couldn't make myself a cup of tea in the room but again, this just shows that I am unaccustomed to five star luxury where you are expected to call room service for all refreshment!The staff were all very friendly and attentive.	
May 23 2008 	Okay if you are in the area	This hotel is in a good location if you are working in/ visiting the Canary Wharf area of London. It is also very good for the 02 if you are seeing a concert.The rooms in this hotel are quite minimalist and we were unfortunate enough to not have a river view room, (Deluxe Room). We had a really uninspiring view from the 8th floor of the hotel over the rooftops of East London. Quite depressing really. The rooms are of a good size for London and the bathrooms are very nice. Be warned that the windows in the rooms on this floor do not look like those in the picture on the Four Seasons website. They open from the top and are very heavy. I actually struggled to close mine and I really though that the window was going to fall out of the frame!The hotel public areas are very nice and the restaurant, Quadratto, serves good cuisine. The bar, although small with not a lot of places to sit, makes good cocktails.We had room service breakfast which arrived bang on time and was of excellent quality as you would expect from the Four Seasons.The staff are very friendly and always say hello etc as they pass you and really cannot do enough for you.	
May 16 2008 	Four Seasons Canary Wharf.. not just for business	We just got back from our 2nd stay at the Four Seasons Canary Wharf.Despite what some others have said although this is essentially a business destination the hotel delivers all that one would expect from a Four Seasons property.From making sure they gave us the room we wanted to a speedy and accurate check-out the staff never missed a beat.On our 1st trip we'd asked for some canapes to be laid which were really very nice and naturally arrived on the minute we'd ordered them for.This time around we made do with the occasional sandwich and a cooked breakfast each day. All of these were to a very high standard and served by really nice cheerful staff.The bar hadn't functioned terribly well when we used it on our last stay but this issue has been thoroughly addressed and the service was polite and prompt on each occasion we visited this time around.We had a fair amount of travelling back and forth to the West End and the limousine service they used made life a lot easier and more comfortable than using black cabs everywhere.The rooms are spacious, comfortable and appointed to the normal high standard we have come to expect from Four Seasons.On our 1st trip we'd booked an One bedroom suite with river view however as we'd been given a room on the top floor the windows were relatively small and not the floor-ceiling windows shown on the website.We'd mentioned this to the staff and sure enough this time around we got a suite with the bigger windows just one floor down. The views are fantastic.If you've &quot;done London&quot; and want a top notch property with space service and less hustle and bustle than you get &quot;up west&quot; then this hotel fits the bill admirably. Plus if you've got tickets for a gig at the O2 or business on Canary Wharf it is simply a no-brainer to stay here.Regular Four Seasons fans will not be disappointed.	
Apr 30 2008 	Very slick	Canary wharf is a terrific bargain for a London weekend. The 4S's was just £175 on a hotel website weekend deal, which is just fantastic value.We drove to the hotel - beware, TomTom does not recognise Westferry Circus and will take you underground - ignore it and take the flyover up to Westferry Circus, signed Canary Wharf. Valet parking, and a genuine welcome confirmed this was a 4S's. The doorman dealt with our luggage and escorted us to check in. Brilliant guy, upgraded us to a deluxe room, without any prompting. The view from the room was amazing - directly across the city to the Gerkin, London Eye and Big Ben, even more wonderful when we got back from dinner. The room itself; very good size, very clean and minimal in the 4S's luxurious style. My only comment would be that compared to other 4S's I've stayed in, it was a shade too minimal. Although stylish, very well equipped (lovely bathroom, Occitaine cosmetics, ice in the bucket etc) and large, it lacked the interior detailing that I've come to really appreciate from the brand. The furniture is lovely, well made and well thought through but it just doesn't have that luxury feel that exemplifies the 4S's chain. Like other reviewers I thought it was more like a Hilton.BUT, every member of staff shined the 4S's light very brightly - exceptional, memorable service.I would definately stay here again - especially having discovered the River Shuttle - a breathtaking journey down the Thames, to the centre of town in just 20 minutes from right outside the hotel. This makes the 4S's just as convenient for a night on the town as its counterpart on Park Lane for a fraction of the cost.	
Mar 2 2008 	Only if you need to be near Canary Wharf	There is nothing wrong with the Four Seasons, but I would not return unless I had to be in Canary Wharf. At this price level, a clean, comfortable room and decent service is expected and was delivered. However, I found the Four Seasons to be cold and uninviting. I'd rather stay at the Savoy, for example, which is charming and which I found to be more welcoming.The hotel is obviously geared toward business travelers, and I felt unecessarily nickeled and dimed. You'd need to be on an expense account to pay the $30 per day, per computer charged for internet access (am amenity many hotels provide for free). A cup of coffee in the lounge set me back $8.00 (not including tip). My stay was fine, but at this price point I'd rather be elsewhere.As an aside, Canary Wharf has an underground shopping mall, plenty of cafes and upscale bars, and some nice restaurants. All are within a short walk from the hotel. The tube is also close by, and the trip to central London is fast and easy.	
Feb 1 2008 	No stone unturned tyre unchanged!!	We love the Four Seasons chain and decided to stay at this hotel while attending a family event in London. There are five star hotels and there's the Four Seasons. The rest of the bunch generally pride themselves on superb facilities and the Four Seasons competes on these terms, but where it excels is service. London is a big city and we needed to hire a car to get around. We arrived back to our hotel late one Saturday evening leaving the car with the valet. Within ten minutes they called us to note a deflating tyre and promised to watch it overnight. The next day they discovered it was a flat tyre and they removed the tyre and brought it to be repaired all while we were blissfully enjoying our morning totally unaware of all of the trouble our tyre (well Avis's tyre) was causing. All good things come to an end and were starting to depart to Heathrow only to discover the tyre repair had not worked and our car's tyre was flat again. The effort by many Four Seasoner's to expeditiously repair the latest flat was amazing, they did it and refused a tip!! All I can say is THE BEST SERVICE EVER!! And, thank you Four Seasons Canary Wharf, you probably remember us.	
Jan 10 2008 	Pack Your Trunks!	I decided to take my girlfriend away for a weekend shopping in London, even after Christmas! We decided to return to Four Seasons Canary Wharf as the service there never lets us down and the river views are really amazing. Got a great weekend rate and the good thing is that my girlfriend still thinks I'm splashing out. Coming from Frankfurt, we flew into London City Airport, (what an easy airport to use, and only 15 minutes from the hotel)My girlfriend loves shopping and there's tons of shops in Canary Wharf but of course we had to go to Bond Street which I was dreading but it was actually only 20 minutes away on the Jubilee line, which was great. And after dealing with the crowds of crazy bargain hunters we fancied a swim so we nipped back to the hotel. I had forgotten my trunks but the concierge gave me a complimentary disposable one, not the sexiest item, but it does the trick.A great return visit and we will be going back.	
Dec 30 2007 	Service fantastic hotel itself not luxurious	We stayed here for one night because we were seeing a show at the O2 and couldn't face making our way home afterwards. We arrived mid-afternoon, and were greeted by a friendly doorman who parked our car for us. We had booked a deluxe riverview, and requested a high floor: we got 608, which had wonderful views of the Thames, including Tower Bridge (just) and the Gherkin. The room was a bit standard, smallish bathroom with only one sink - more Marriott than Four Seasons, we thought. Because we were out all evening, we only got to try the Bar on our return, but it was very nice, and service excellent. Breakfast was superb, a full English cooked to order, well presented and good service again. Checkout was efficient, and the car delivered back quickly - we were offered a bottle of water for our journey, which was a nice touch. Having said that, the valet parking at £27 was a tad expensive.Overall, having not stayed at a Four Seasons before, the service was what we would have expected - superb, but, as has been said elsewhere, the hotel itself was a little below expectations. We paid a weekend rate as it was a Saturday, and felt it was just about value for money, but I wouldn't want to pay any more.	
Dec 11 2007	Panoramic views	We stayed last weekend at the Four Seasons in Canary Wharf, as I had booked tickets to the Take That concert at The O2. I wanted to treat my girlfriend for our anniversary, so decided to make a weekend of it, with a concert and an overnight stay at the hotel. My girlfriend was totally impressed - she loved the concert and the surprise stay at Four Seasons. Fabulous service. We had a room with a great view - my suggestion is to book a Deluxe room - it's worth it. It was a clear night, so you could seeas far as Tower Bridge, the London Eye and the city beyond. Another tip - to get to The O2? Take a quick boat ride from the Canary Wharf pier - it's amazing to see London lit up from the river and my girlfriend thought it was really romantic!	
Dec 3 2007 	steer clear not four seasons quality	We had reserved the hotel for three nights regardless of the previous reviews on this site. We incorrectly thought the poor reviews were misplaced in a Four Seasons property...we were wrong!It started at check in. The agent did not know who I was in spite of them having all my details instead I was asked to fill in a hotel info document, name, address etc. I questioned this and he found the details.Often we are offered an upgrade as regular guests of Four Seasons. I hate to ask but did and was told nothing was available.We went to the room and I could not believe just how revolting the design and decor of the corridoors and rooms are. The corridoors are lined everywhere with a cheap teak veneered wood, which is carried into the rooms in all of the furniture.The rooms are bereft of colour or prints or anything giving it a recognisable style. Do not make the mistake of this being minimalist. It is just unpleasant. The room had a very unpleasant smell. There were stains on the carpet and the noise from the dual carriageway was pervasive even though we were on the 7th floor.We rang down to complain. They offered to ring straight back. We waited with the bell hop and eventually we rang back. Eventually they said there was an alternative river side room but that it was not available for another hour. Moreover, the alternative room they had available was identical, except for the view.We decided that we could not stay and rang to let them know that we were leaving and our luggage was collected again.When we got to the lobby with our luggage the check in agent was standing to greet us and to say he had now found a better room taht he wanted us to view. I asked if it was any different to the one we had just left. He said it wasn't but we declined. He said they would write to us and then said they were planning to upgrade the bedrooms in the new year.Checking straight back out was a relief.We don't mind paying for a good experience. But £200 plus is not a price justified by this property.I hope the refurb does the Four Seasons chain justice so that we might risk it in the future. For now there is no chance!	
Nov 23 2007 	The rooms are not what you expect from Four Seasons	Having stayed at many FSH in the past, my recent stay was disappointing. The staff were their typically great, professional and friendly, but the rooms were oh so disappointing. I got out of the elevator and found this narrow wood panel hallway with a carpet that smells like a mix of rubber and chemicals...I thought I was at some kind of a Scandiavian 3/4 star hotel you typically find in Copenhagen or Stockholm. I entered the room, and found rather basic wood furnishings, and a bed that would only belong in a discount motel chain (though of course, the pillow and duvet were great). Talk about putting lipstick on a pig!I just wonder how FSH ended up with this property, as it looks nothing like the typical new FSH hotels. I suspect they came in as the flagholder after this had been built for a run of the mill 4 star chain.On the plus side, the staff did accomodate my request to change my room. They originally put me on the noisy side of the building facing a busy street. After calling down noting that this would not be appropriate and would affect my sleep, I was offerred a quiet Thames view for an addional 40 pounds. After making a fuss that FSH surely would not want me to have an unsatisfactory stay, the 40 pound charge was waived &quot;this time&quot;. Well &quot;this time&quot; is very appropriate, because I shall never be staying at the hotel again. It is a decent 3/4 star hotel, but not an FSH standard hotel, and not worthanything near the prices they charge.	
Oct 16 2007 	Dream Wedding Reception	We have just returned from our son &amp; daughter-in-law's wedding reception ,held at this superb hotel. What a dream, every detail was perfection itself. The reception was out of this world, the reception room was luxuriously decorated, the food absolutely delicious, we savoured every mouthfull. The best food we have ever eaten. Thank you for making Darren &amp; Caroline's wedding a dream come true. We will never forget this wonderfull experience &amp; wished we could have stayed much longer. Thank you to all of your wonderfullstaff ,who made our stay so perfect. Hopefully wewill see you again.	
Sep 5 2007	Wonderful in every way!!	This is, by far, the best hotel I have ever stayed at! The room was excellent and so comfortable, and the bathroom was huge. I loved my stay here, and was sad to leave the place. I usually don't spend too much money on hotels while travelling because I am hardly in the hotel, but this one was totally worth it. For once, I did not feel the need to get out of bed early and was happy staying in. As it is it was cold and rainy in London. The hotel is also very close to the tube and quite a convenient walk. It was the highlight of my trip to London, and I highly recommend it if you don't mind paying the big bucks. BTW, the breakfast was pretty good too, which is not included in the hotel rate.	
Sep 4 2007 	first class hotel	i stayed here with my husband and two small children for one night because my nephew's barmitzvah was taking place at the hotel.We really could not fault either the function itself or the hotel.It's in a fantastic setting and our very comfortable room overlooked the river.Nice touches for children such as sweets and drinks delivered to them in the room, bath toys, mini bath robes and their own toiletries.Superb leisure centre although it's worth noting that children can only swim between 9 and 11 so plan ahead for any family swims. All the staff were friendly, helpful and attentive.The food was fantastic.Every little detail was spot on.Yes you are paying for the 5 star service, but they really did get everything right.I know my sister and all her guests were delighted with the dinner and ball at the hotel - a really memorable evening for us all. I would have loved to stay longer and hope to revisit - even though we only llive 20 minutes from Canary Wharf!	
Sep 2 2007 	Treated like Royalty at the Four Seasons Canary Wharf	After saving up an arm and a leg to surprise my partner on his life-beginning birthday(!) we checked into the Four Seasons and were treated like Royalty!I had told them while booking that it was a &quot;treat&quot; two-night stay and organised Champagne in the room - I was pleasantly surprised to find they'd left him a birthday cake too! All staff incredibly helpful and polite......... its nice to pass a member of staff in a hotel corridor who remembers your name and asks if you're having a comfortable stay too - we felt like celebrities!The room was tidy, clean and fresh, the bathroom the same - very deep bath and lovely shower - oh, just gorgeous! But then (sound of scratching record)......oh no.........the view. Or should I say, the carbunkle that was directly outside our third floor window blocking the view that I had specifically chosen this hotel for. When booking I had asked for as high a floor as possible so we could get the spectacular views of the Thames that I'd seen on the website - but unfortunately we got...........Holmes Place.So, not really the Hotel's fault, but just so other travellers are aware, if you're going to use the Four Seasons, make sure you're well above the Third Floor otherwise your view will be the inhabitants of the gym as they walked the stairs (and wave at you while you are eating your breakfast).... and NOT the Thames!!!Such a shame. But apart from that, a fantastic birthday experience.	
Sep 2 2007 	A beacon of quality	Stayed for a week given work requirements in Canary Wharf. Couldn't fault the hotel at all, excellent level of service, comfortable if uninspiring room, great bathroom and prompt room service. View over the river and the adjacent Holmes Place swimming pool were an added bonus.As had to be at work by 6am, the Nespresso machine in the lobby with croissants made for an easy and welcome start to the day.Holmes Place health club is state of the art but not a place for a lesiurely swim as this is for serious aquatics with lanes marked for different speeds. I suppose you could wander down in your robe but as it isn't physically attached to the hotel, would be a bit chilly for most of the year.As they have a captive market in this bleak part of London, extras such as laundry are on the high side. Breakfast at £22 for Continental plus porridge seems extortionate, despite good presentation and attentive service.Why on earth anyone would choose to stay here for anything other than business reasons completely eludes me. Handy for nothing, the area is a temple to high finance surrounded by urban dereliction. Perhaps the Olympics will rejuvinate the surrounding neighbourhoods but I very much doubt it. However, if you need to be in this bleak area purely for business, there is nowhere better than the Four Seasons.	
Aug 21 2007 	loved it	great service.stayed with my husband and 4 year old daughter. daughter got bath toys, games, welcome gift, milk and cookies, dvds, childrens bathrobe, etc. she and i felt like princesses.	
Jul 8 2007 	Wow Loved this hotel	We stayed here as we going to a concert at the O2 arena and this would be the most convenient hotel. It was also my 25th Birthday so we booked the 'Honeymoon' package which included Champagne, breakfast in the Quadrato restaurant, two Four Seasons bathrobes and a guaranteed late check out of 3:00pm. We arrived before the 3pm check in time, at 1:30pm, and were told that our room was ready. We were then asked what time we would like our champagne delivered to our room.We were met from our taxi and our bags were carried over to reception we were then escorted upto our room. Upon arrival we were told where our morning newspaper would be (hung to the left of our door) and where the hair dryer was but if I need a more powerful one to call down and one would be delivered to the room. The view from our room was amazing, we could see the 'Gherkin' building, the top of the London Eye and various other sights. Our champagne arrived slightly after our requested time, but I was not too bothered about this. Chocolate covered strawberries also arrived, very summery! Upon our return from the concert we had some drinks in the bar and we were in shock as we saw the man who we had just seen in the concert having a bite to eat and some drinks! When we went upto our bedroom we were surprised to find our bed covered in rose petals and our bath and sink surrounded by the same. On the bed was also a card advising of the following days weather forecast, which was very handy as our weather has been very unpredictable!My husband used the gym in the morning and he wasn't bowled over by the gym equipment, but he does work for Life Fitness so he could be a bit biased! Upon leaving the gym he was given a new towel and was given some more water without asking, this is the little things that leave a big impression.The following morning we had a wonderful cooked breakfast in the morning and the staff were very attentive, with more drinks. All in all we had a wonderful stay and would love to stay here again, as the Four Seasons is a major chain but we never felt like we were just a number like we have felt at other &quot;5&quot; star hotels in London.	
Jun 28 2007	Outstanding Hotel in Canary Wharf	Outstanding HotelFirst class hotel overlooking the Thames -- if you have to be stuck in Canary Wharf for Business -- you couldnt do better! First class Four Season ameneties all the way. Room are spacious, service is excellent. Breakfast is very good, newspapers, wide variety. Ubon by Nobu is in the complex -- outstanding Japanese food. The gym is ok -- great machines -- just a little small. There is a first class pool however.I have stayed here 4 times on business and always look forward to returning when working at Canary Wharf!	
Feb 12 2007	Nice break away	Stayed at the Four Seasons for my wifes 50th birthday, and mostly enjoyed. Room service was attentive, and quick - food, extra pillows, a sewing kit. Only bad part was one waiter who really strung it out waiting for a tip...A nice touch was that the hotel provided a bottle of champagne and a cake for my wife (cheaper than an upgrade I suppose, but well received nontheless)Pool at Holmes Place really lovely according to my wife, but a little bit of a walk (not nice in the rain) to get here - out the front lobby and then back around to the river side of the hotel.One niggle, when my father in law booked in - he was offered a suite at £75 per night extra. We would have taken up this offer, had it been offered. Clearly we don't fit the demographic!Reading it back, this seems like a negative review, but we really enjoyed being there, and would think aout going back	
Jan 25 2007 	Truly fantastic!	An excellent choice for the first leg of my European Christmas trip. Great location, as hotel only ten minutes from LCY airport. First impressions from; reception, door staff and concierge were consistently of the highest standards throughout my stay.	
Sep 19 2006 	Amazing service beautiful Hotel	Just returned from a stay at the Four Seasons Hotel Canary Wharf, London. The hotel is beautiful, and the staff is amazing. Yes, the hotel is located in the business district of London (about 60 minutes from Heathrow by car), but it is a great option. As always the staff was friendly, and very welcoming (sometime that really puts Four Seasons ahead of the game). We only stayed 2 nights, since it was a &quot;lay-over&quot; from our trip to Italy.Now remember, this is a city hotel, so expect a corporate atmosphere. The location is within Canary Wharf, which is London's new business district (Bank of America, Lehman Brothers, HSBC, FTSE, Morgan Stanley, etc. all have their European headquarters here at Canary Wharf). There is a large underground mall below the office buildings, and a tube stop as well. Plus within the shopping mall, there are many restaurants (some casual, some upscale, and fast food options). One nice thing is that the Thames Clipper stops at the pier at Canary Whaf so you can take the clipper up to the Savoy Pier if you want to go to Harrod's (about 25 minute ride on-way).The hotel is modern, with wonderful large rooms with a &quot;box window seat&quot;. Huge bathrooms, especially for London.	
Jul 21 2006 	Sad but true: mediocrity from the Four Seaons (at $700 USD per night!)		
May 18 2006 	Fantastic service nice rooms		
Apr 16 2006	Just Fantastic !!!		
Oct 28 2005	bad joke		
Nov 6 2004	Average Room design great service from staff!		
Oct 23 2004 	Best business hotel in the world?		
Sep 8 2004	Great hotel. Very good service.		
Jan 14 2004	Fantastic		
Dec 29 2003	Excellent Hotel!		
Aug 29 2003	very highly recommended		
Aug 27 2009 	semplicemente perfetto		
Jul 8 2009 	Bien		
