Nov 1 2009 	Basic but clean and good value for money	The hotel is basic and in need of some refurbishment but it was also clean and the receptiion staff were helpful. For a hotel not too far from central London the price was good, and we would stay there again. We had no problems with the shower. We were worried that it wasn't near a tube station but transport was easy. The number 44 bus from Victoria was every 5 minutes and took about 15-20 minutes. The hotel is at the Hope Steet the stop after York Gardens, all stops are displayed on the bus.50 yards down the road (towards Wandsworth) is York Cafe, it was great for breakfast - good food at good prices - definitely recommended.Also there is a newsagent that also sells bits and pieces of food etc. It also sells the daily travel passes that we used (£5.60 adult bus and tube zones 1 and 2). Bus only tickets are also available and cost even less. Kids travel free with an adult.	
Oct 23 2009 	cheap easy link to city new bar/restaurant in nearby new waterside developement.	we have been to this travel lodge before , admittingly it is not as close to city as kings cross (stayed there before) or covent garden (never any discounted rooms there!) BUT it is quite accessible to the city on a number 44 bus and then pick up the tube at Victoria to any point of interest. - get an OYSTER card - worth it, fares cheaper and you only have to flash it at any machine on buses or tubes, just keep topped up at the tube station. It takes about 20 mins to get into central london.Travel lodge itself is basic (most are), but warmth, comy bed, hot water and tea making is all that is needed.Previously there was not a lot in the immediate vicinity (without quite a walk) of places to eat. But now turn right as you come out of the lodge and head down to the new waterfront development (5 minutes) where there is a v.e.r.y. nice bar/restaurant with lovely food and a shop to pick up things for breakfast. Would be delighful in the summer dining beside the river but even in October the twinkling lights on the Thames were lovely.Definitely the place to go to eat. P&amp;M	
Oct 5 2009 	Cheap by London standards.	My wife and I recently spent 2 nights at the travelodge. It was really convient to the concerts we were attending at the Hammersmith Apollo. The hotel is a bit run down, but the rooms are extremely cheap. Our room was very large, and the bathroom was clean with plenty of hot water. I was worried about it's location being a bit far from anything but there were plenty of buses that ran from very close to the hotel. One was a 24 hour service that went to Hammersmith and close to other tube stations. I noticed some small takeaway restaurants bearby and a few pubs too, but didn't have time to check them out. The hotel lacks a restaurant, but there is a convenience store almost next door that has fresh bread and other essentials. Nothing fancy, but I had no issues with the hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great for a travelodge	was really great, dont believe what you read in reviews, was everything you would expect from a travelodge and more	
Sep 30 2009 	Below par compared to most Travelodges	A slightly sub-standard typical Travelodge. Stayed Sunday 14 June 2009, arrived in the evening hoping to find something to eat but no restaurant. Only vending machines on site. Takeaway down the road had to suffice but did not feel particularly safe walking on surrounding streets after dark. No restaurant, hence no breakfast. Good location, ten minute walk from Clapham Junction station.	
Sep 28 2009 	No frills cheap London hotel	Prior to arrival, I had read mixed reviews on this hotel, so was not sure what to expect. I was only here for the night and for a London hotel had not paid a lot for it. The hotel is on a busy road residential road in Battersea, car parking can be found and there is a charge that I felt quite reasonable for 24 hours stay. The reception is bright and modern looking, and the service acceptable. I found my room via the lift on the fourth floor. Having negotiated a maze of corridors, which appeared in need of some repair, found my small but functional room. It was clean, the bathroom had a shower, no bath. There was not a great deal of room to walk around the bed, but the room had the other regular features. The bed had seen better days and was a little like a hammock. The edging strip on the desk was hanging off, which I fixed with some blu-tac. With the window open the noise from the road could clearly be heard.No real breakfast options at the hotel, although a McDonalds and a greasy spoon cafe could be found within 10 minutes walk of the hotel.I was only in the hotel for one night, and although there were some cosmetic defects to the hotel, was acceptable for a cheap hotel in London.If driving, this hotel can be reached without incuring a congestion charge.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fine	We had 3 rooms for all of us to stay in. One of the rooms we checked into early (for an extra charge) which was tiny with a small window. The other two rooms we had were massive and faced out onto the main road rather than the carpark. We got a really good deal £29 for each room I think but we did book about 4 months in advance! There is a bus stop just down the road and you can get into Central London in about 15 minutes which is perfect! it is a little bit noisy at night and there is no air con. For a cheap hotel in central London it was fine for 1 night. Oh and you can park your car there for £5 which was ideal.	
Jun 30 2009 	Perfect for Wimbledon overnight visit	What a brilliant find. Good value with a clean comfortable room with clean comfortable shower room. The staff are the best ever - we rang ahead to see if we could park the car before we booked in because we were late getting to Wimbledon tennis and from that moment the staff could not have been more helpful or friendly, down to getting us a minicab to finding us the quietest room in the new part of the hotel at the back. We took the snack breakfast which was ideal to set us up for the day. We will definitely stay there again and would recommend to anyone.	
Jun 30 2009 	Get what you pay for!	Let me first explain the context of my trip: travelling up with husband and a number of other couples - combining watching my football team in their last match of the season away at Fulham with a cheap weekend break and booze up! Hence, we selected the Battersea Travelodge for its location and price - I paid £19 for the room for the Saturday and £9 for the Sunday (amazing price considering the following Monday was a Bank Hol).The hotel is well located near to Clapham Junction and is on bus routes for the Battersea/Fulham/Clapham area.Staff were very friendly and helpful.Our room was clean and tidy and looked in reasonable repair - fairly newly decorated i think. However, the room was stiflingly hot (was a very hot weekend though). The only problem in our room was that the cold water pressure was virtually non-existant!! It trickled out of the tap whcih was ok - i'm not impatient, but the real problem was with the shower. The hot water pressure was good and therefore, it was impossible to strike a balance that would be tolerable to stand under, rendering the shower unusable. On the first evening i thought this might be due to everyone using the water at the same time so have a sponge wash and tried again the next morning. No change. We reported it to reception and it was clear they knew there was a problem in that room. They were very helpful and offered to move us but as we were only there 2 nights we made do with the sponge! Of our other friends, a couple had rooms that were fine and some had rooms that were very tatty but operational.All in all, this is not the sort of place i would usually stay at BUT if you are looking for no more than somewhere to rest your head and want to keep hold of your cash for spending in the city then - if you can get the cheap nights offer that I did - you may want to consider it. Liek i say, the staff were helpful and it was well located for the travel links. Avoid room 9 though.	
Jun 7 2009 	value for money	excellent location, easy access to london, rooms very clean and spacious, good staff and excellent service	
May 7 2009 	Give it a miss if you need a good night's sleep	The bed was incredibly uncomfortable. The springs were poking through the mattress and in some places had completely collapsed. Everything else in the room was basic but adequate. More like a hostel than a hotel, it's difficult to find from the train station. The Italian restaurant a few doors down the road is very good.	
May 7 2009 	Always check the shower and TV are working before you unpack!	I didn't, and I regretted it - I'd have asked for a different room otherwise. The cold water in the shower was non-existent and the pressure and temperature on the hot flow kept dropping so that the shower cut out. The first few days I managed to coax it into life but the last time I used it I was forced to have a rather cold shower! I did report it to the manager once I realised it was not as intermittent a fault as I'd first thought, so hopefully it will have been fixed for the next guest.The TV only received a reasonably un-snowy picture on Channel 5 - just as well I like Neighbours and NCIS then. I reported the TV fault to reception as soon as I noticed it, but the staff member there seemed unable to do anything about it apart from apologise.Other than that, the room was extremely spacious (I'd requested a room away from the ground floor and all they had was a family room on the top floor - under the lift gear), clean, and the bed very comfortable. The location was ideal with frequent buses into the centre of London or to Clapham Junction or Vauxhall transport hubs, and shops and cafes nearby.On the whole, I think I might use this hotel again, but I'd definitely check everything was working before settling in!	
May 5 2009 	NIce and close to Clapham Junction	Stayed here when we had tickets to the O2, as it's ten minutes walk to the train station.Booking in staff very nice, secure parking for £5 per day, and the room for £19!!Typical Travelodge room, tea and coffee, TV, good shower etc.What more do you need?	
May 2 2009 	You get what you pay for	We booked in here at the last minute as the hotel we had planned to stay in cancelled on us, so we were lucky to get anywhere at all. Having stayed in a Travel Lodge before, I wasn't too concerned, but the standard of this one is not brilliant. Location is grand, there are buses outside which bring you to Clapham Station regularly. The exterior of the hotel leaves a lot to be desired. However on arrival we were greeted by helpful staff who overall, couldn't do enough for us, including advising us on how to get into the centre of the city. Our room was spacious and fairly clean, though very basic. The bathroom was pretty grubby and the shower was disgraceful - it went to cold so suddenly that my friend actually slipped and fell out of the bath in shock. At night, it was noisy enough, even though we were at the side of the building. However because the room was warm, we had to leave a window open. We had one pillow each which was ridiculous and I didn't sleep a wink the first night. I was given extra pillows the next day - why we didn't have any to begin with I don't know. There is no restaurant in the Lodge and we ate at either Clapham Station or in the surrounding area. I really think the hotel should provide somewhere you can go and buy breakfast, as I have seen in other Travel Lodges. Overall, very cheap and it saved us a fortune, so for two nights it was bearable. But it's put me off considering other Travel Lodges.	
Apr 3 2009 	Disappointing	I was very disappointed, because I've enjoyed staying in Travelodges before. The room was poor. The bed was very uncomfortable, which really ruined my partner's weekend. I was also very disappointed that there was no bath, and neither was there a restaurant or bar in the hotel. These things were present in other Travelodges that I've visited.There were some positives, however. The staff were lovely and the location was good. There are nice restaurants nearby and it's just a short walk from Wandsworth Town station and several bus stops, so it's easy to get into central London from there. Overall though, I wouldn't recommend it.	
Mar 5 2009 	good value	stayed there over valentines weekend, 2 of us and 2 kids. good size rooms, clean if they have seen better days. Room was at the back, and quiet enough. Great location, about a mile from Clapham Junction, good bus stops right outside. Found a really cosy and friendly Italian restaurant next door, Aldo's. Definitely recommend that, gorgeous food and lovely atmosphere.	
Feb 28 2009 	Cheap if you are on a tight budget	This hotel is quite an old one and it is tired, I stayed on my own and although the room seemed comfortable it was very basic, the road outside must be on the path to a hospital because there were sirens every few mins during the evening although they did cease during the night. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom OK. There was a light out in the rom, the TV had no remote which was a pain and the full length mirror in the room was broken and missing. There is a small adequet Italian resturant just a few yards away and a very good workmens style cafe for a good english breakfast, none of this information was available from the first guy I encountered on reception, although the others seemed helpful enough. If in the area I may stay again but the money needs to be spent to upgrade this hotel a bit. It seems a bit off the beaten track if you are in the area and need to be close to the town.	
Feb 20 2009 	basic clean friendly hotel. would use again.	stayed 3 nights in family room at £35 per night and £4 pppd for lite breakfast delivered to room. very friendly helpful staff. plenty of clean towels, hot water etc and were lucky enough to have a room off the main (very busy) road, so slept like logs. We came by National Rail, and it was a bit off the beaten track, tho what can you expect for these prices? we were happy to get tube from Paddington to Waterloo then overground rail to Clapham Junction. It was then a 15 minute walk to the TL, altho there was a good bus service (numbers 3c or 44) from the station to the TL , but we like a walk. Would have no hesitation in staying here again, at such a bargain price.	
Feb 12 2009 	Suprised this is allowed to be a Travelodge	I stayed here in January with a few people while visiting London for a friends birthday, we shall not be staying there again for the following reasons.On arrival we were grunted at by the woman on reception, she was totally disinterested and rude. I dont expect 5* service, it is a travelodge and very well priced, but some common courtesey would be an advantage.When we got up to the room it was freezing cold. The heating was not on, and windows open. Given it was about 2 deg celsius outside, not having the heating on was somewhat baffling. Positive point here - the room was clean and unusually large. Some friends who were also staying there reported their room to be very cold also.I decided to take a shower, this was the worst point about the room. The water was either freezing cold or dangerously hot (as in so hot it was not possible to stand underneath it). I am amazed someone has not been hurt in these showers. Again, our friends noted the same problem. I ended up having a cold shower as it was safer!I am amazed this place is a Travelodge, having had so many very good experiences in other hotels from this brand before. Travelodge, please send some inspectors to this place and get it sorted!	
Feb 9 2009	Average hotel nothing too fancy	It was OK, nothing too bad to report.Considerably better than Travelodge at Marylebone!Noisy location - on main road - speed camera right outside!No parking unless you can find single yellows after 1800. My car was vandalised outside the hotel! Nothing major, but still annoyed!Groundfloor rooms aren't the best. The area was quite dodgy, so you couldn't leave windows open.Cleanliness OK, room fairly spacious. Would recommend, although location isn't that great, but then it was Battersea, so it's not like a tourist hotspot!	
Feb 8 2009 	What you pay for is what you get!	Booked the Travelodge because it was the closest to my friends house in Putney. Booking online for a bargain price of £35! That was a massive £50 saving against the normal hotel chain I book with, so as you can imagine I felt a bit smug!Arrived there and check in was quick, as I paid in advance. Was handed a weird looking key for room 202 and told my room was on the 2nd floor. Got to my door, and after wrestling with the key and door for about a minute got into my room. First impressions were that I wanted to walk straight out! The room must have been previously a smoking room, and still had the bad smoky smell to it. The room seems to have gone even more basic than I stayed in a Travelodge last, no proper duvet cover, no fluffy pillows, etc. Moving onto the bathroom, it was horrid! Firstly the damp smell was very off putting! The ceiling had bits of mould, as did the shower curtain and the tiles! I had finished work that day and desperately needed a shower, so I braved the bathroom and ran the water, to be greeted by some brown gunk! I left it running for about 10 minutes and the water became clearer.I do remember having a good nights sleep thou, but that could have been due to the alcohol consumption at my friends house! I checked out in the morning and was asked if everything was ok, I just thought it was best to say &quot;yes&quot; , as I said I only paid £35! Could I complain about that?	
Oct 13 2008 	Pathetic	This is a terrible hotel. It does not deserve to be a travelodge.For £70 we were offered a ground floor room adjacent to a very busy street. We were told this was the only room available. This was a lie by the receptionist, because when we said that the room was unacceptable, we were subsequently allocated a different room.This room had not been cleaned from the previous occupant, and so was completely unacceptable.We were then allocated a third room, which was clean(ish) and unoccupied. However, it had a number of shortcomings. The shower didn't work - it provided warm water only in sporadic bursts of 5 or 6 seconds. The towels were threadbare. The matress was the wrong size for the bed. The mattress was also pathetically thin uncomfortable - my wife &amp; I could feel the bedsprings through it. It also was U shaped - meaning we kept rolling together into the centre of the bed.I would have not said anything, and just accepted that Travelodge is a (not so) cheap and nasty brand, and remembered never to stay in one again.However, the next day, a lady who did not introduce herself clearly, but said she had worked at the hotel for 8 years, called asking for customer comments. I gave her my list of grievances, but at each one she asked &quot;so that was fine then?&quot; I then told her that the room we stayed in was unacceptable, to which she replied &quot;but that was one of our best rooms.&quot; I would hate to see one of their worst rooms!So, to summarise. This hotel has (a) poor quality furnishings (b) substandard bathrooms and (c) dishonest staff.	
Aug 28 2008 	Worth it for the price!	We booked this for 3 nights over the bank holiday as it was at a reduced price on the travel lodge website. We booked a family room and paid roughly £45 a night. The room was really large and had ample space in it for us to stay with our young daughter. Having previously reviewed Kensington Close (i think it was) we were as impressed with the size of this room as we were dismayed with the one in kensington.Disadvantages were that the room was very hot. Given that it hasn't even been that hot this summer if the weather was any warmer this room would have been unbearable, especially as you need to close the windows due to the noise.Advantages - easy access to transport (buses) although a little way out, big room, handy to the thames (you can walk down to the river front and there is a pub on the waterfront as well as a restaurant).We brought our breakfasts and also picniced alot. If you're on a budget and need somewhere easy to stay then this is as good as anywhere for the money.	
Aug 22 2008 	Won't be staying again!	Sayed for one night in August on a £19 deal from Hotel website, this is an older Travelodge lcated on a busy main road and a bit too far off the beaten track.Room was OK, clean, bed not very comfortable, but room was noisy due to road, nearby Heliport and the fact it is on a direct flightpath to Heathrow with a low flying plane going over every minute! I'ts OK with the window shut, but then the room gets very hot and stuffy.There was no where to eat at the hotel and the snacks and drinks on offer were expensive.We did manage to get a Pizza delivered to the room which was good and not too expensive, the details were provided by reception, but there was no where to get any breakfast, so I suggest you pre-order, or take your own.	
Aug 7 2008 	What do you expect for the price?	We stayed at Battersea Travelodge on 4th and 5th of August.We paid the bargain price of £19 for 1 night and £29 for the other via the travelodge website.We have stayed in a number of travelodges around the country so knew what to expect, but as we use these rooms as simply a place to sleep and shower we don't need much.We arrived in London earlier than expected but the staff were happy for us to check in early (this costs £10 but is better than wandering around London with a very large holdal).We had room 213 on the second floor to the side of the building.The windows were open when we entered the room as it was very warm (and remained so for the duration of our stay). Yes there was road noise, but York Road is a major route in and out of London so you can't expect anything else. The road noise was less during the night and started up again at around 7am, but it didn't cause us any problems even though we had the windows open constantly.Getting in and out of London was very easy. There is a bus stop right outside of the hotel and you catch the 44 to Victoria Station. Buses run every 10 minutes and continue throughout the night.We have had a fantastic short break in the capital for very little cost and wouln't hesitate to use this hotel again if we can get similar cheap rates.	
Aug 6 2008 	It's a budget hotel people	so don't expect luxury, just good value. Sheets, towels. bath, mugs, kettle all very clean. They should get a better vacuum cleaner as some dust was missed behind the door. We had a room away from the road. You still get noise from sirens and planes but in Central London you have to expect that. Double glazing could be better and the curtains don't drape well enough to keep out all light but we slept OK. Staff were friendly and helpful and we had plenty of towels. You don't get toiletries, it says that on their website, but a tiny courtesy soap was provided and sachets of coffe/tea. Bus stop near the hotel takes you to Clapham Junction or Victoria. If taking the 44 from Victoria station look out for Sainsburys Homebase on the right of the road. Hotel next stop or one after to cross at the lights. In the other direction I believe you can get a bus to Fulham Broadway which is not bad for several museums.There's nothing around the hotel but you can eat at Clapham Junction, Victoria or Wandsworth if you want. There's a Sainsbury local in Clapham Junction station for picking up cheap fresh pastries in the morning (e.g. 2 for 80p). Also cheap bottled water. Another Sainsburys local at Victoria but I don't think that has a bakery.This is a good value hotel with communications better than you might think. It's not for those who want everything on the doorstep but you trade convenience for price.	
Aug 4 2008 	brilliant clean friendly good location near the train station and bus stops.	Very clean room, do not be put off by the outside. I am very fussy and in the beginning I though we were going to sleep in the car. But once in the room it was really really clean! Well done cleaning team!10 minutes walk to clapham station overground (buy here your travelcard day) takes you to victoria. Ask the staff for the shortcut! bus routes very handy, we used them once. We used a lot underground and overground. No problem with parking, very secure.Staff very kind and helpful, which goes a long way.The bed a bit tired!Noise sound not too bad!	
Jul 11 2008 	Basic Budget but Clean	If you accept public travel connection by BUS. Very tired old 70's hotel. Basic accomodation. Warm rooms (summer) noisy road . Cracked sink. no frills at all.BUT clean throughout friendly helpful staff, and with a little effort easy access into London.For Foreign visitors I would advise travel however you want to go over the River to Central London during the day, BUT at night, travel back to just north of the river . Then switch to cab fotr the last mile or two. You will then have no security issues in the Battersea area.This is an acceptable BUDGET accomodation at less than £50 or $100. Particularly if this is just a place to wash &amp; sleep in and you are out all day &amp; evening.	
May 13 2008 	Very noisy	I stayed at the travelodge battersea last week. The outside and reception area does by no means give a view of the whole of the hotel. The room was very run down, carpets needed serious replacing. The bathroom was so dirty there was grime and lime scale on the grout. The bed was uncomfortable, and the walls needed insualtion you could hear all conversations of the guests next door. The area as a whole was noisy as well. There is no place to eat in the hotel, unless you would like one of their pot noodles that they have on sale. This was my first stay at a travelodge and my last. I usually stay at premier travel inn, but chose this hotel as it was closer to where i needed to be....never again...ill rather stay further and have more comfort.	
Jan 3 2008 	Generally Run Down	We picked this place purely because it was the closest place available for the wedding we were attending.Parking was limited, as is most places are in London. The area surrounding doesn't have any obvious parking either. And once you have a spot.. don't move!The hotel was supposed to be secure - being buzzed in and out, front and back, but we managed to get in and out several times without using this. The room cards are plastic punch cards, which i didn't think were still in use.The area itself is just on a main drag and isn't a &quot;tourist&quot; area if you know what i mean.We booked a family room which was of a decent size, which was good because we needed plenty of space as we were there for a wedding the next day. Everything in the room was quite basic (as they are in these places).The shower.. hot or cold.. which ever you fancied.. but that was it.Good power though.	
Oct 1 2007 	Very good hotel	Hotel was clean and reception staff were friendly. Had a room at the back of the property so there was no noise problem. The room itself was clean with flatscreen tv, tea/coffee and soap. Transport is noot a big problem, the #44 bus goes to Victoria, every 10-15 minutes, from outside the hotel. Bus to Clapham Junction goes from the same stop.I will stay there again on my London visits if i can get the cheap rate.	
Aug 22 2007 	Not for sight seeing!!	This place s fine if all you want is a bed for the night. Pretty basic place, but clean. Not good for seeing London sights and not well connected to the tube network. Rooms on the front are very noisy from the traffic.	
Aug 3 2007 	Couldn't eat couldn't sleep	This hotel was booked through my company's coperate travel management company. I travel extensively, staying in a differing town every night, 20 hotels per month.This hotel is NOT for the business person, there are no facilities whatsoever for eating. In the area are zero or 1 star Kebab takeaways, a dodgy looking Chineese takeaway, an Italian restaurant, where only the staff at sat at the tables. A pub that doesn't sell draught beer or food, or there is a limited menu 'French; restaurant in the apartment area, but asked for a VAT receipt, said they were in the process of obtaining that!!!!! The last thing you want to do when you have had a hard day is to hunt for anything half decent to eat in. I'll save you the trouble, THERE ARE NO PLACES TO EAT that represents some kind of quality.I stopped in room 7 on the ground floor, overlooking the car park, so away from the main road. However, there is a air conditioning unit mounted on the wall of an adjacent room, throughout the night this was stopping and starting, the noise 'resonates' throughout the room, it was terrible! yet the rooms don't have air condition!!It wasn't cheap at £65 to have just 3 hours sleep.There are no phones in the room, so difficult to complain when you are half decent. I complained the next day, but generally falling on deaf ears.I have also stopped in another travelodge the next night, that was just as bad!! AVOID	
Jul 15 2007 	Cheap and basic	We stayed in Room 206 at the Travelodge in Battersea for one night onSaturday 30th June, 2007. We made the booking about a month before and paid £70 for the room. Check-in was quick and easy. I would have considered this hotel to be a reasonable deal, except for one thing.The shower was broken and we had to have a cold shower that evening and the following morning. If it wasn’t for this, the booking would have been an acceptable deal considering we were in London as the room, although very basic, was clean, roomy and very quiet (we were facing the car park at the back of the hotel). There were tea/coffee facilities provided and there were nice large white towels. There wassecure parking at the rear of the hotel which was £5 extra.	
Jul 7 2007	Grotty Dirty Do not recommend	I am very suprised by some of the more positive reviews of this hotel. Whilst I recognise that getting cheap accomodation in London is not the easiest. this place (£60 per night) was not good. When I checked in I was given a room that had not been cleaned. Even when it was there was no significant improvement. The hotel was run down and dirty - not the usual basic but clean rooms you expect in a travelodge. There was no soap provided which caused a few problems. There was nowhere in the area to get a coffee and the staff were rude and unhelpful.	
Jun 4 2007 	Was good value for business break	I stayed in London for 2 nights on business and was struggling to find somewhere to stay for £50 or less that wasn't scary/disgusting.Finally booked this place with a saver room for £26 a night for each room, whick was a great price.The location wasn't bad, easy to get buses, but a bit far from the underground. Make sure that you understand London transport if you book this hotel.Also look out for the congestion charge, as some areas near this hotel are in the zone.Rooms are basic but clean. Mine did smell faintly of smoke, but then I'm quite fussy - my colleague (another non-smoke) couldn't notice the smell.All in all a good place to stay on a budget, like most travel lodges!	
Jun 1 2007	Nothing to complain about	This isn't a bad place. The rooms and other areas were kept very clean and it was quiet at night, so long as the windows are shut. For the price there isn't anything to complain about. The only thing we noticed was that there weren't enough towels when we arrived, no iron and nothing in the way of shower gels and shampoos. Apart from that, it was a relaxing place to be and only a twenty minute bus ride from Victoria.	
Mar 12 2007	Good Apart From The Fan 	I have recently returned from two nights in the battersea travellodge. Room booked and paid for two months in advance, but no record of our booking. Bathroom was awful, had noisy fan that woke most of floor two up when we arrived at 1am. Apart from that its a good stay.	
Feb 14 2007	Great Value	We stayed at the Travelodge Battersea for 4 nights at 25 pound per night. The room was of a decent size and condition and was similar to other Travelodges that we have stayed in. Nothing fancy but with a chain at least you generally know what you are getting in advance (unlike many of the other London hotels we have stayed in). At the price we paid, it was fantastic value for the money.We were a bit worried about the location at first, but it has frequent buses stopping nearby and it is also a less than 15 minute walk to Clapham Junction so location wasn't a problem for us. It was actually quite a handy location in the end as we were able to catch a train to Gatwick from Clapham junction. We would certainly consider staying here again at a reduced price, and would even consider doing so at the full price if we couldn't find any other reasonably priced options.	
Jan 14 2007	Great bargain stay within easy reach of london.	I took students on a theatre trip. Bargain at £15 per room per night. We had to fax to say we were a group and that the college travel agency had paid on their card in advance thats all. We arrived at victoria got the bus direct to the hotel. Upon check in the staff were kind and courteous. Our rooms were close enough to each other. The rooms were the largest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. Albeit they were family rooms, so a kingsize bed, a large sofa bed and a single pullout bed. Free tea and coffee, a large bathrooms with enough towels for each. An iron is available from reception, and yes you have to go and get it! but at £15 would you expect them to do it for you?we got a bus back to clapham then a south west train to waterloo and a bus into aldwych as was a theatre trip. but you could do it all by bus. check out the transport for london site. on check out they were kind and courteous. breakfast is not included but you could buy a £4 breakfast bag with a croissant, fruit and cereal with tea and coffee or buy on the go as we did. Definately recomend. :)	
Sep 22 2006 	Not worth full price	We had room 2 near reception heard phone ringing all night people banging on reception door saying &quot;excuse me&quot; at the top of their voice. Room exceptionally hot all night didnt like to leave window open being on ground floor and area a bit dodgy . Car parking area difficult to park in full of vans. Automatic machine got confused (because it per 24 hrs) not per day and we nearly got charged for an extra day. We were told to go to Vauxhall tube no mention of Clapham took 11/2 hrs to get back to hotel one night as a car had broken down. Rooms extremely basic no cupboard doors no drawers no hair dryer in room . We paid £59 definitely not worth it !	
Jul 4 2006	Disaster at Travelbodge (Not a spelling mistake just a better name)	I booked in ADVANCE three rooms for a overnight stay in London for a charity event. They were booked in plenty of time and two of them PAID FOR on booking. On arrival 9.45pm I am told they have NO ROOMS left as they had already booked other customers in them. To the staffs credit they did get us booked into another travelodge but that was another 8 MILES away. There were others waiting behind us to book in also. The directions to the next hotel were poor and as we passed another Travelodge on the way we stopped for directions, Unfortunatly the staff were too busy trying to find somewhere for the dozen or so people waiting to stay, I can only assume having the same problem as us. On arrival at the Wembly Travelodge we were soon followed in by people trying to get in at the last hotel !I am writing this reveiw as now 6 weeks after they still have not answered any e-mails to their customer service department, all polite, and I have just managed to get a refund by complaining to the creit card firm.TIPSPay on a credit card if you do book.Get there as early as possible and book in.Stay somewhere elseThe website wouldn't let me rate the hotel any lower which is a shame as I never actually got to stay there. Wembly was nice though should have booked there instead.Don't Expect any customer service afterwards.	
Apr 1 2006	Basic but cheap!	Stayed one night in two family rooms (2 adults, 4 children) on a travelodge bargain rate of £10 per room, was glad we didn't pay more! Very basic had to ask twice for quilts for the children, only one set of very worn and smelly towels per room. In a run down area. Reception didn't mention Clapham railway station, sent us on the bus to Vauxhall about 15 mins away. Overall okay for what we paid, would have been very disappointed if i had paid the full rate!!	
Mar 13 2006	Great for a wekend London break	We found this very comfortable, very convenient, and at Family Rooms rates, great value. On-site parking was a plus, and there are buses to Clapham station if you're not up to the 10-minute walk ! - then trains to Waterloo are very frequent, cheap, and smooth. We got back from a late Sat.night clubbing in central London with no problems. We found the staff all very cheerful, friendly &amp; helpful. Breakfast at £4 each delivered to your room was good. The Thames Path is a minute away, &amp; we recommend walks here to show you places to live if you win the Lottery. The family room was large &amp; comfortable, overlooked a side-road &amp; we had no traffic noise. All in all, we thought this was a great place as a base for a London weekend.	
Jan 31 2006	Basic but clean not in good location	Stayed one night in November 2005. The room itself was relatively large, basic but clean. We could not hear other people despite our room being close to the lifts.Hotel is good value for money but the main problem is its location. The surrounding area is not particularly nice and walking to the hotel from Clapham station in the early evening I didn't feel especially safe. By day it was fine though.	
Jan 10 2006	The room was good that's all.	We stayed 2 nights in Oct.'05, I would not stay here again. Because I would say this hotel is a kind of Motels, it's too far from the tube station. And the reception was so busy alone at the check out time, we had to wait about 30 minutes. I was sorry for her working alone. There was no restaurants around the hotel, so went to a pub just to drink. It was fairly quiet area except the noise from mortars. The room was excellent - for a budget hotel in London, clean, huge space, enough hot water, big bath room, double bed for one person. I couldn't find any problems in the room, without a good view.	
Jan 3 2006	It Will Do	Me and my wife spent 3 nights at travelodge Battersea.Pros:Clean room and was cleaned every morning.There is a car park which is £5 per day but there is parking on the main road which was fine.Comfortable BedQuiet AreaCons:Small 14in TV, No CableNo cold water when I wanted a bath. There was cold water for a shower.Train station (Clapham Common) is about 10min walk awayIroning board but no Iron. Luckily we bought our own iron!----There may be more cons than pros but for £10 per night (travelodge) we were happy with the hotel and would use it again.	
Oct 25 2005	Hotel OK but public transport a problem	On the map this hotel looks fairly central but in reality public transport is very poor. Quickest way into town was a ten minute walk through run-down areas to get to Clapham Junction from where it's about ten minutes into London. There are no nearby tube stations.Hotel was fine - clean with fairly large rooms. Had a fourth floor room with a good view and no noise problems. Only problem was that the water was luke warm. Got a good deal on this hotel (26 GBP) so was very satisifed overall.	
Oct 8 2003	noisy	 rooms nice,hotel staff friendly. but hotel is on a main road with constant traffic you will never get to sleep,lorries etc go past 24hrs a day. coffee maker in room and tv. bathroom clean and tidy although shower although modern took some working out water was either too hot or too cold 	
Aug 24 2009 	Klasse Preis- Leistungsverhältnis gute Lage wenn man Bus fahren kann..		
