Nov 2 2009 	An honest review	We stayed at the Fairway for 2 nights, having left our booking quite late we rang the Fairway and found that they had availabiltiy, then read the comments on trip advisor and were unsure whether to proceed with the booking, however we decided to take a chance and hope for the best.Upon arrival at Kings Cross we found the hotel no problem, just across the road on the corner of Burger King, you check in at Reception across the road at Central Hotel, our check in was speedy and the staff helpful, we were given room number 9, 1st Floor, double room.The room is small but not as small as we had thought it might have been, double bed, small wardrobe, dressing table, two small bedside cabinets, also included were TV which worked perfectly fine, a hairdyer and telephone. The bathroom was quirky and small, you certainly couldnt fit more than one person in there at one time, we found it quite amusing, however, it was very clean as was the room. There is also a small heater in the room and we found that we had to open the window so certainly no problem with heat. We had no problem with hot water, the shower was powerful and we had hot water morning and night.The room overlooked the front street, there was some noise late at night but nothing to be concerned about. Breakfast: - This is located downstairs in the basement, I do need to agree with some of the comments here, we did not opt to have breakfast on our second day. We found location really good, all the links are within minutes from the hotel, all in all we would stay again, we found it a little expensive and paid £170 for the two night stay but if you could get a good deal its worth the money. I;m sure there are worse places to stay, we really had nothing to complain about.	
Oct 11 2009 	Be Warned...do NOT stay in a basement room!	I had seen reviews and thought this looked worth a try??I also noted the comments about the basement rooms so asked for a room upstairs. When I arrived there was some confusion over my request for a room NOT in the basement. The receptionist took a bit of time to look at the keys then decided she was not able to help.I ended up in a double room with a shared shower/toilet although I did have a sink. The kettle did not reach the plug so I had to put it on the floor but the dried milk seemed to curdle when water was added, so ended up putting it down the sink.The bathroom was small and dark with suspect 'dirt' on the floor. However the worst part of the stay was the constant sound of the boiler above, it was like being in the room with an industrial hoover! This allowed just more than 2 hours sleep....The breakfast was not good with the toast arriving just as I had finished the fatty bacon and uncooked sausage. This was to the background of a very loud argument coming from the kitchen although this was in a foreign language.I note the reviews are more positive for the up-stairs rooms but DO NOT STAY if all that is offered are the basement rooms...you will not sleep!I had hoped this was a basic but clean and quiet B&amp;B, unfortunately the basement room was not and the breakfast was not good. They say you get what you pay for but I am not convinced I did in this instance!	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent - exactly what I wanted	I was looking for something clean , central and value for money. That is what I got. I know if wanted more luxuries I would have had to pay for them . As it was I had free internet from my room, tea and coffee , a filling English breakfast and a clean if small room. Toilet and shower facilities worked well with good pressure , small but clean. As I said if you want larger be prepared to pay. You just walk out the door and you are in front of Kings Cross , Eurostar , underground trains and buses.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Place if You Have an Upper Room	This place, like the Central Hotel, has it all: great price, great location, and great owners who are very friendly and helpful. The only caveat is: book early, so you can get a desirable room. We booked late, and ended up in a basement room. It was dark, dank and depressing. Other basement rooms we saw were about the same; those that were close to the 'breakfast room' (also in the basement, by the way) must have been incredibly noisy and odoriferous (be prepared to wake up and literally 'smell the coffee' when breakfast preparations start around 7:00 AM in those rooms!).The uppers we saw looked way more pleasant. The place is clean, so even in our dark depressing basement room, it never felt scrungy. If you get shut out of here or the Central, the whole street (Argyle) is lined with nearly identical hotels, some looking better (eg. Alhambra) than others (Princess). At the end of the street is the Wardonia Hotel, which looks more upscale. This street is a great, quiet location, and you should be able to find a reasonably priced, pleasant place somewhere here. DO NOT blow you money on the Novotel near the British Library (often recommended by the various websites); this is a quieter street at about half the price of the tired looking Novotel.Fairway/Central owners and proprietors are especially friendly and helpful.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent Value.	The Fairway reception is across the road at the Central Hotel, and doesn't look very inviting from the outside. On checking in the guy on the desk very kindly offered to carry my case across the road to the Fairway Hotel and then carried the case up to my room. Single room en suite, small but very comfortable and clean. The windows all double glazed, which is what is needed being literally across the road from Kings Cross. Breakfast was excellent, full English Breakfast available as well as cereals, cooked meats, cheeses and fruit juice. Very friendly staff.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good location and service room needed work	This is a good value for travelers on a budget, who don't plan on spending a whole lot of time in the room.Cons: the bathroom needed re-tiled, and never dried out. It was kind of nasty. The room was hot, and could have used some sort of a fan. Every morning, there was a line to the breakfast room. We didn't have the time to wait, and ended up skipping breakfast and just buying something at McDonalds or Pret every day. The WiFi didn't work the first 3 days we stayed there, and when it did work, it was slow.Pros: The location is EXCELLENT. The entrance to St. Pancras/Kings Cross station literally around the corner. Six of the underground lines and a ton of buses run through there, meaning you can get almost anywhere in London without changing trains/buses. The hotel is a perfect home base to explore London. The staff was always friendly and extremely helpful. WiFi was always available in the Central Hotel lobby, so that was OK. Other than the bathroom problem, the room was clean.I would advise any London tourist to stay in this area. There were a dozen similar-looking hotels on the block. Were they better than the Fairway? I don't know. The Fairway is a decent, cheap place to stay with some important but workable flaws.	
Aug 11 2009	Good location tiny room!	I stayed here in Mid- June with my parents, and brother on a grown-up family vacation. The staff was friendly and helpful, the room was clean and neat but very small!! We had booked a family room for the four of us which consisted of one double bed and two twin beds. We felt like sardines!! We either had to be on the bed with our luggage on the floor or vice versa but not at the same time as there would be nowhere to walk. There also was no air conditioning which I don't know if this is common in the U.K? And boy oh boy was it hot!  The bathroom was clean but quite cramped and it was near impossible to have a shower with out getting your clean clothes wet, it was really that small! The location was excellent though, with tons of restaurants and shops nearby. The breakfast was good but you had to get up early because it was a tiny room with only about 5 tables.	
Aug 7 2009 	staff/location good. hotel facilities poor	on arrival at hotel found it to be a bed and breakfast. room was extremely small, and badly in need of air conditioning. on arrival we found our room window had sellotape to replace panes of broken glass. the general condition of the window was in poor state. the hotel indicated full english breakfast, this was not the case, it was served luke warm, and the beverages left a lot to be desired. in our opion, this bed and breakfast is a very standard basic accomadation, and we will not be useing this again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great experience and I will be staying there again.	My teenage son and I stayed in a twin ensuite room on the second floor. The room was very clean, albeit small (cozy). There was a large clean window that opened onto a small balcony with potted flowers. We slept with the window open and the street noises were not an issue at all. The staff was polite, helpful and freindly. Breakfast was a wonderful treat: sit down table service and delicious food. Not the stale buffet that so many hotels offer. I usually like to vary the experiences when going on vacation but I will not take a chance on staying anywhere else in London. (By the way, stay away from the Cromwell Crown Hotel. About the same price but a real dump! Like night and day!) Just a short walk toward the tube station and to the left a couple of blocks is a charming pub and just down from that is a nice bookstore.	
Jul 9 2009 	Small but clean and cosy	We had to book this hotel at very short notice afetr we discovered that we needed to stay in central London for the night. We steered clear of a few hotels in the area which did not fair too favourably on this site.The location for the hotel was very handy for what we needed, being a minute's walk from King's Cross/St. Pancras station. The area is lovely and bustling until late, and the hotel is situated on a road full of other B&amp;B style guest houses.The hotel is built in an old Victorian/Edwardian style London terrace, and there certainly are a lot of rooms crammed in to the building, resulting in much smaller than average rooms. In our double room, we had little more than enough room to walk around the bed. Having said that, there were many positives. The staff were friendly, the hotel was very clean and the location (coupled with the fact that we were allowed to come and go as we pleased) made it ideal for what we needed.If you're after a clean and reasonably priced hotel near a handful of the major London stations (King's Cross, St. Pancras, Euston) then it's probably a good bet. Would probably still recommend a Travel Lodge if its available though!	
May 2 2009 	Very basic accommodation. Clean good breakfast great location	The service was OK. When we got to our room we saw it was a twin even though we had booked a double. The guy at reception appeared to care, and attempted to find us another room. The one he showed us was under the stairs and very dark so we went with the twin room. No apology and no discount.The room was VERY basic but also very clean. For the price I think it was fine.The location was great. Very close to Kings Cross Station, so we were able to jump on the underground very easily and get onto the EuroStar to leave London.The breakfast was included and was very good. The service from the girls in the kitchen was excellent, and the food was good. Full bacon, eggs, baked beans and toast. As much tea and coffee and toast as you wanted. Great way to start the day.The location was fantastic and this was important as we wanted to see a lot in a couple of days. The worse thing was not getting the double room that we booked.	
Apr 7 2009	Very Good Hotel In The Best Location	There was some confusion when we first arrived at the hotel as there are two seperate hotels under the same company (Fairway and Central). Many of the group didnt recieve the rooms we booked however, luckily my room was ok, and i got the room that had been booked. The room itself was tiny, however it was adequate for our short stay. It was generally clean and tidy, with the small bathroom also in good conditon. Fresh linen was given on a daily basis, and the room was also also cleaned everyday. The breakfast was quite simple and average, and ordering was sometimes difficult because of the language barrier however, it was still filling and set me up for the day. The location was the best thing, located directly across from Kings Cross Station. The Underground ran directly under our room which was a downfall however, this isnt the fault of the hotel. Overall, a good hotel providing a quality service at great rates. A small but adeqaute base in London.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Location and Nice Hotel !	I stayed with my family at the Fairway Hotel last month.The location is excellent. Just a few steps from the King Cross station, from where you can move easily anywehere in London.The area is just excellent : Burger King in the corner, McDonalds around the street, couple of Indian Food restaurants less than 5 minutes away, an Excellent and delicious Shawarma restaurant nearby, convenience stores around, etc.We got a family room : One double and Two single beds. The room was really big with a lot of space. Very clean. The bathroom is rather small, but clean and works ok. Heating system kept the room very confortable. Wireless Internet worked in the room ok all time.The Full English breakfast is served in the basement restaurant. The quality was ok. Reception is across the street, in the Central Hotel. Very friendly staff in reception. On checking out we left our luggage for some hours there with no problem at all.Overall good experience and I recommend it !	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Location Comfortable stay Good prices	We were actually put up in Central Hotel which is right across the street. We had a triple room which was nice, clean and comfortable. It was a little small, but we were really not going to stay in the room much anyways. The breakfast was very nice served by very polite staff. The best point about the hotel is its location. Its right outside Kings Cross which makes life so easy!!! We used to go all over London and come back tired and it was comforting that you dont have to do lots of effort to get back to your lodgings. I loved the stay and I would surely recommend it if you are on a budget trip.	
Nov 9 2008 	Good quality and value	Stayed here for a couple of nights. The Fairway and Central are owned by the same family and the reception for both hotels is in the Central.I booked a double ensuite for 2 nights in the Fairway and that's exactly what I got. A good-sized, clean room with almost new furniture. The ensuite was small, but clean, with a &quot;wet-room&quot; type shower.The bed was firm (a bit squeaky when you moved on it!) but comfortable with crisp, clean sheets and an extra pillow and blanket in the wardrobe.There was tea/coffee making facilites and a hair dryer, plus free wi-fi internet in your room.The full-english breakfast included in the price was good and the only negative I have is that the walls seem to be quite thin and it's not unusual to be able to hear people talking in the adjacent rooms.As with most of these &quot;converted house&quot; type hotels, there was no lift and the stairs are quite narrow.Be warned that they will charge you a 5% surcharge when paying with a card, but for the price I paid (&lt;£60), I though it was excellent value.I would definitely use this hotel again.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fairway or central	Well I booked a room at the fairway and ended up in the central. I understand they are pretty much one and the same. Very last minute booking I was meant to be staying in a hostel but after reading terrible reviews I chickened out. Paid £48 for a double room (no singles available). When I got there I got offered an upgrade to an en suite for £9. I said no thanks and when I got my room which was in the central it had an en suite anyway so I'm glad I said no. Nice clean room. TV and tea and coffee facilities. i didn't have the breakfast 5.15am eurostar so booked for the location was included in the price though. Nice friendly staff they were fine with me checking out early. The best thing was the location though literally across the road from st Pancras 2 mins walk. Was very happy with this budget room and won't be staying in the travellodge again.	
Oct 15 2008 	bad services	We did reserve on the good advertisement and a reasonable priceWe did not get the reserved rooma small room on the top floornot a good bed, no suitable blanketsbad served douche together with 8 people, water did not flew awayno save escape with fire alarm, in my opinion it is dangerousnot enough room for all the guests to have their breakfast	
Jul 10 2008 	Perfect Location and Friendly Staff	Just returned from a 2 week stay in London. The room was small, but we didn't spend much time there...mainly to sleep. The shower was compact but nice (plenty of water pressure and plenty warm). The full English breakfast was filling and kept us going until lunchtime and included egg, bacon, sausage, beans, toast, tea or coffee and orange juice. There was also ham, tomato and cereal available. Though I read in other reviews that the breakfast room was always full, we only had to wait to get a seat one time and that was only for a few minutes. The location was excellent...just a short (and I mean very short) walk to Kings Cross station where you could get on most any of the tube lines. There's even an entrance on the south side of the street so you don't have to cross the road to get to the station. We were also able to ride the National Railroad from there to Gatwick Airport and if you're so inclined, can catch the Eurostar from there. This doesn't have anything to do with the hotel, but for stays of more than a few days, I would recommend purchasing an Oyster Card for travel. It's a pay as you go card that enables you to ride the tube as well as the bus. The cost is 3 pounds for the card and you can easily add money to the card as needed either at the station or at the Post Office and convenience store just around the corner. Tube rides deduct 1.50 and bus rides deduct .90 pounds.The hotel staff was very nice and when we asked for an extra set of keys, they actually cut us a new key for the room. The office was just across the street at the Central Hotel, but wasn't a problem. I felt safe there because the outside door is kept locked and you must have a key (which was provided) to enter the hotel. We didn't need it, but we saw several travelers were able to store their luggage in the office awaiting check in. We asked for a ground floor twin en suite room and received it. Being from Missouri, we were worried about not having air conditioning, but it was never needed. We stayed the end of June and first week of July and the temperature was never an issue. I can see that if someone didn't have a ground floor room, the narrow stairwells could be a problem, especially with large suitcases...since there is no lift (elevator). There was a hair dryer and coffee/tea making facilities as well.Overall, we were extremely satisfied with our stay at the Fairway and would recommend it to anyone who isn't planning to spend a whole lot of time in the hotel. If you are wanting luxury and pampering, you will need to spend more money and book a different hotel...but if you're wanting to spend lots of time sightseeing and taking in the city, this is the place to stay.	
Jun 24 2008	Okay for a short stay	The only reason why I booked this hotel is I want something near to King Cross/St Pancras International station since I am leaving for Paris and the other hotels are fully booked. Indeed it is very close to the station, about 100m. I was warned from the other reviews about the reception which is located at the opposite Hotel Central. There is no lifts hence try to request for rooms on the lower floors if you have large luggage with you. I was lucky that my room was located on the first floor. I've booked for a double room. The room is very small and there is no space for luggage if you have more than one. Breakfast was okay. No complaint there.The room is clean and well kept.	
Jun 3 2008	Just what I was looking for central and clean	I stayed at the Fairway hotel but it seems that the Central across the road is the same , they share the reception but dining rooms are seperate.The room though not big was exactly what I was looking for. I had an ensuite double , which for the price in central London I thought was good value. The breakfast though not an allout buffet was filling , with both an English breakfast ,cereals and small buffet. Friendly staff and very central. Eurostar just across the road.	
Apr 22 2008 	Avoid...	We booked a room at the Central Hotel and when we arrived were told that we'd be checked into the Fairway. As soon as you go in, you find yourself in a landing which has seen better days. there are no lifts, the stairs are narrow and steep. we could barely manage our luggage in the turns. what's more, as soon as we arrived at the first landing, it was full of dirty laundry, left just in the middle of the landing, leaving practically no space for the guests to go through.the room is the smallest we've ever had in a hotel. it was clean but would definitely not stay for more than 1 night.breakfast was a shame. they claim to have a full english breakfast. well, this consists of baked beans, an oily egg and.... HALF A SAUSAGE!!!for the amount of money we spent, we could have got a much better hotel. try to avoid it!	
Feb 21 2008 	Good Location	The hotel is located just few steps from tube station and bus stop.Small room and toilet/shower, but clean. Breakfast is good enough, but not much choice. Reception is across the street in Central Hotel. Note, that if you pay by credit/debit card, you will be charged additional 5% fee.Wi-Fi worked Ok, but I had to find the place in the room with good signal :)I would recommend this hotel for short stay.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great Location	Four of us stayed at this hotel in a quad room, the saying is you get what you pay for . The rooms were basic but clean with adequate ensuite and tea and coffee making facilities. The location is great, only 2 minutes from Kings Cross and took short Tube ride to central London.Parking available outside the hotel at no cost from Saturday afternoon until 08.30am Monday and was very easy to find.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for clean basic accommodation within easy reash of London's centre.	
Nov 5 2007	The Pits	This hotel is about as low as one could go. The double room was single size. The toilet, basin and shower fitted into an area which should be the toilet. The storage space was virtually non existent and there were no lifts.Definitely backpacker stuff.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Location!	I stayed at this hotel in March 2007 for 1 night. I was allocated room 12 which was an ensuite room. It was very reasonable at just £48.00 per night. THE ROOM:The room was well sized considering location. All the furniture in the room was matching pine. There was a double bed (even though I’d booked a single), 2 hooks on the back of the main door, chest of drawers, a wardrobe with 5 hangers inside and spare blanket. There was a kettle with 2 cups &amp; spoons, with coffee, tea and sugar sachets. There were 2 bedside tables with lamps and telephone, and 15” TV with remote and an electric alarm clock. There was a hairdryer and a working radiator.The shower room was clean and had 2 hooks on the back of the door, a shelf inside the shower cubicle, mirror, wall mounted toothbrush / cup-holder, and a complimentary soap bar. Clean toilet and toilet roll provided. The shower room was small but adequate. Towels and bath mat was provided.THE HOTEL:The hotel is located in Argyle Street, just meters from Kings Cross Station. The reception is actually at a hotel opposite, the ‘Central Hotel’. The hotel has a dining room for breakfast, which is included in the price. I did not have time for breakfast, so cannot review that part. A few metres from the hotel there is a Burger King. There is an HSBC cashpoint on the corner. Then just around the corner is a large Post Office, Cost-Cutters, McDonalds, Subway takeaway, an Indian Restaurant, Noodle Bar, Cafes, and various newsagents. I had dinner in a café and have also eaten in the Noodle bar on a previous occasion. THE LOCATION:The Hotel is located just metres from the Kings Cross Station. Its is ideal for visiting London and Business travellers due to the close proximity of Kings Cross. OVERALL:A nice place to stay. Very convenient location and reasonable cost. Recommend it.	
Jul 4 2007 	Different experience	It is very difficult to find low budget lodging in downtown London, so I spent quite a while searching for a place for my wife and I. I actually booked this hotel through a B &amp; B website, so I was a little surprised to find that it was an old hotel. The location is hard to beat for getting into, out of, and around in London. They did serve a full English breakfast, which was pretty good, but I think my wife and I were the only English speaking people in the whole place. Walls and doors were paper thin and we had a long climb up narrow stairs to get to our room (if that is a problem for some people). Limited options for eating, etc. nearby, but very handy to trains and underground. Overall, for what we paid, it wasn't a bad deal, just not a particularly pleasant stay.	
Jun 15 2007 	Be Prepared	Location is very central. There aren't nearby bars/restaurants I'd go to but if you're planning to visit all of the touristy spots, you're at the right place.I did NOT stay at this hotel although I've booked my room (and received confirmation) TWO MONTHS prior to my visit. I arrived at the hotel...go to the door and there is a sign saying something in lines of &quot;we're all booked, go to Central Hotel across the street to check in.&quot; At this point...do I have a choice??? The fact that my room was confirmed then given away to others is outrageous. Central Hotel, which they also operate, is listed as having a lower rate. They were not even apologetic...nor did they offer to give me a refund of the difference. Totally ridiculous!	
May 28 2007 	Stay Elsewhere!	I'm surprised by the generally positive reviews that led me to booking this hotel for our stay in London.As a budget priced hotel, I didn't have high expectations. However, I do look for a decent bed, a clean room and pleasant service. The matress thin and lumpy. The springs for the bed squeaked with every move. The room hadn't had a thorough cleaning in some time. The carpet was old, dingy and stained. The bowl containing our tea and coffee packets had hairs and a thick layer of dust. The tea pot was stained and dusty. As for the service, the women working in the dining room spoke mostly to one another in Russian and paid litte attention to the guest except when they tried to come in during the end of the serving period. I saw them refuse to serve one family who came in just after 9 am because they were unable to find an available table earlier.As for amenities, it has no elevators. So, we had to carry our bags up 3 narrow flights of stairs and descend 4 flights to the basement for breakfast each morning. They've blocked the room phones from making outside calls and contrary to the information at the front desk the pay phone on the first floor doesn't accept bills or coins, I suppose it only takes calling cards. The wifi they claim to have isn't available from the rooms, you have to go down and sit in a stairwell near the first floor because there is no seating area. And it worked only intermitently while we were there. Water is a limited commodity. And since someone else was taking a shower on my floor, I had absolutely no water output for a shower.The only redemming feature of this hotel is it's proximity to the London Underground. It is quite litterally around the corner from the King's Crossing/St. Pancreas stop that allows you to catch a variety of lines taking you throughout the city. That being said, we spotted probably a dozen other small hotels within a two block radius. So, I would encourage you to consider one of those. I will be on my next trip to London.	
May 22 2007 	funky but affordable	Funky but affordable place to stay in London. With the US vs. UK exchange rate, finding an affordable place to stay in London was not easy. It was conveniently located a couple of blocks from Kings Cross/t. Pancras rail station, which was great for airport &amp; Underground access. Check-in is at the sister hotel across the street, which was easy to figure out.We were on the top floor, which meant climbing 52 narrow, rickety steps with our luggage, no easy task. We had a room with shared bath &amp; shower &amp; never had to wait for either.Although the room was the size of a postage stamp, it was clean overall, but the carpet was stained in spots. The twin beds had uncomfortable mattresses. The TV got poor reception &amp; only 3 or 4 channels.There was an English breakfast included in the price, &amp; as the hotel was full, the breakfast room was always crowded, but the staff did their best to get everyone served in a timely manner.	
May 2 2007 	Great price and location but avoid the basement rooms!	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for a bank holiday weekend last September. Some friends of ours have stayed there before and highly recommended it for the price and location so we felt safe in booking a room there. The location right across from King's Cross station really can't be beat, and the price for central London is also a great bargain. The hotel itself is quite nice if a little old. The rooms are small as with most B&amp;Bs in London but since we were not spending a lot of time in the rooms that's ok. The website says that most of the rooms have been refurbished (and looks really lovely in photos) but ours was obviously one of the older ones, which was a shame but still adequate. Our room had a wardrobe, bedside table, TV and small washbasin. We never had problems waiting to go into the shared shower so that was good. The breakfasts are typical English fare, toasts, beans, eggs, juice and so on. Not fantastic quality but definitely adequate. The only thing that really let us down on our stay was the room location. We were in the basement which is not an issue by itself but we ended up being disturbed every night and in the early morning by the rumbling sounds of Tube trains passing underground. It was that close to the tunnels! So if you want to take advantage of the location and price of this hotel, be sure you can get a room away from the basement, unless you are a very sound sleeper.	
Feb 12 2007	Great value Great Location	Yes the room is small, but I could see out the window to a hotel that costs almost three times as much. Now really, does anyone travel to London to stay in a room? If you enjoy sitting around in a room, this may not be the place for you. Was fine for a couple of adults.Rooms were CLEAN and well serviced. Breakfast hearty but nothing special. Staff very helpful. Laundry nearby.	
Feb 12 2007 	A cosy gem near Kings Cross Station	My son (23) and I (52) were in London for a music gig &amp; wanted a modest but clean and quietish hotel for one night. The Fairway was perfect - the room was well furnished, clean, warm and had ensuite facilities, teamaking stuff and a tv. We had a really comfortable &amp; quiet night's sleep despite being very close to Kings Cross station. The breakfast, included in the price, was most generous and I will definitely stay there again next time I'm down in London. Thanks to the manager for his helpful and friendly manner and to his efficient staff. See you again!	
Nov 22 2006	Can be recommended	One of the best things about this hotel is that it is a few meters from Kings' Cross, an excellent location.On our first night here we were assigned a basement room with a horrible view, which was not the triple room we had asked for when making our reservation. We therefore asked for a change and on our second night we moved to a nice room on the first floor. Breakfast was OK but as the dining room is too small, you usually have to wait for your turn and may have to share your table with other guests. There were two people at the reception, one of them very nice and the other not as much.All in all, if you are looking for a clean and comfortable budget hotel, I would certainly recommend this one.	
Nov 10 2006 	a budget gem	My friend and I were spending just one night (at short notice) in London so we needed somewhere central and cheap - got a double ensuite for £65 off LateRooms after seeing favourable reviews here. At such a low price we were a bit worried it would be a total dump but this couldn't be further from the truth. The room was modern and clean and tastefully decorated in neutral colours (no chintz and clashing carpet) and though small, it was certainly not tiny. The ensuite consisted of toilet, basin and shower which were all modern and clean and the shower was hot and powerful. Plenty clean towels; extra blankets and pillows were in the wardrobe if needed. Certainly enough space and hangers for even a week's worth of clothes. There was plenty drawer space too - all the furniture looked new actually. TV, hairdryer and coffee/tea facilities in room too. We didn't find any problem with noise from the underground - the odd faint rumble through the night but we live in a city anyway so we're used to some degree of noise. The location was great - straight across the road from Kings Cross St Pancras so no need to worry about getting back at night in a dodgy area - constantly busy with people and traffic, just the usual hustle and bustle of a city which was quite reassuring at midnight in an unfamiliar area. Can't comment on the breakfasts as we decided to have a lie in and have lunch instead but there's a Burger King a few doors down and coffee / pastries etc available across the road at Kings Cross station. Staff were really friendly and let us leave our bags there all day which saved us about £12 on locker fees. Wouldn't hesitate to stay there again for a flying visit with friends. Not the kind of place I'd spend a few days with my husband for a romantic trip or if I wanted to chill out in the room but an excellent base if you just want a bed for the night and somewhere to shower. Brilliant budget find.	
Oct 30 2006 	near to Kings cross station	Just arrived back from a two night stay at the Fairway Hotel.Near to Kings Cross station, clean and the staff were nice.We had the basement twin room, the tube we could hear but got used to it. The beds were in need of replacement and the proprietor solved the problem by giving us extra duvets to put on the mattress bless!. The breakfast was hot and sufficient, It was cooked as you asked for it.Overall an enjoyable stay, we felt safe and would recommend to anyone wanting to stay near Kings Cross Station.The staff were really nice and made our stay pleasant	
Aug 18 2006 	SMALL clean adequate...not bad I guess. An honest review...	I stayed in the Fairway for a couple of nights. Here are my thoughts:SMALL SMALL SMALL. I actually couldn't believe how TINY my single room was! When I first arrived at the hotel, the lady at the front desk looked at my suitcase and said &quot;You may have to leave that with us and just take your clothes upstairs without the suitcase.&quot; I asked why and she said &quot;The suitcase and you won't fit in the room together.&quot; Neither me or my suitcase are particularly large. I trekked up the microscopic and cramped stairwell and went off to my room. It was TINY! I could not believe how small it was...and the woman was right...my suitcase BARELY fit in the room and I had to stand on the bed to get my suitcase in the room and then close the door! When I shut the door, it actually scraped the foot of the bed. There was not a single extra inch of space. Check out the photo....the room was a glorified closet...seriously.BUT....I guess the place is adequate if you're not spending time in the room. It was clean and tidy. There was a small armoir and a chair and a single bed. There was also a mini sink...barely big enough to get your hands in! I kept wondering what it could possibly be for!The shared bathroom was alright...small, but clean and I never had to wait, so I guess I can't complain.The breakfast was simple and alright. They gave me an egg, some beans and some toast with tea/coffee. Not bad, I guess.The truth is that London is ridiculously expensive. If you wanna see the city and stay for cheap, then I'd recommend this place for students and backpackers.	
Aug 5 2006 	We will Return to the Fairway	The best thing about this hotel is itsSTAFF...they are lovely people and its location to the train and tubes at King's Cross. We were warned that the area was a bit rough but found it filled with families and business folks during the day.My husband and I plus 3 friends stayed in 3 different rooms at the Fairway and each had different &quot;takes&quot; on the hotel. My husband and I were very happy with our accommodations, although the rooms are small, they are perfect for anyone wanting a clean spot to shower, change clothes, have a cuppa of tea, sleep snuggly, enjoy breakfast and take off for another day of touring. This hotel is not for lounging about the room and relaxing... it's just too compact. I also think that people of extended height or girth-- might find this hotel a bit confining and people of advanced age would find the stairs difficult. One friend in a single had problems with hearing the family next door... they never seemed to sleep, and the other friends were in the basement (nice room) but they heard the tube until 11 at night and then early in the morning and one must always be careful at night anywhere one stays.The British Library is around the corner, Dickens house is within walking distance and there's a pub to the left (as you step out the door) that serves a great Sunday lunch and a Marks &amp; Spencer in the train station....and the tube line is right there...what more could you want? Oh, the price-- it was very reasonable and before we arrived I was always able to email my questions and received very quick replies.	
Aug 1 2006	Clean friendly and perfect location	Perfect location, 3 minute walk to King's Cross Station. Clean, friendly staff, ok breakfast. Rooms a bit too warm--they should offer guests a small fan. However, we would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 26 2006 	Not for TALL people!!!	My boyfriend and I are very tall, he's 6 4&quot; and myself 5 10&quot; we were on the 4th floor but it felt like the 10th! The staircase up to hell was very tiny, the ceiling got closer to our heads as we went along draggin our suitcases behind us. It was like the scene from Alice in Wonderland! We paid $230 bucks for two nights! I don't think it wasn't reasonable, considering the tiny cot like bed that we couldn't even bend our knees to walk around to get to the bathroom. The bathroom was small but I didn't care about that even though I spent 8 hours in it! DO NOT EAT THE HOT DOGS sold by street vendors. Toilet doesn't smell bad so least I know they cleaned it once in a while. I'm so glad we got a room with our OWN in-room bathroom. There was one window in our room. You could barely stick your hand out to feel the air in the alley way. I wouldn't have minded this entire stay if it was cheaper...it's not worth the price that we paid. We paid 40 bucks for a huge room in vegas and that's an expensive place!I wouldn't stay here again.I didn't eat the breakfast, didn't see it either....The staff could have been a little more friendlier.and f you to the person that made the comments about american's reviews. Screw the Hampton Inn too, I'm not contributing to Paris Hilton's Jimmy Choo's.On a positive note...kinda....security was good. No humbug off the street will walk in, the door was always locked. But if there was a fire on our floor...there is no window to jump out of and we'd be decapatated on the way down the stairs.p.s. Remember don't eat the hot dogs!!!!Happy Traveling!Pamela	
Jun 22 2006	great value for money	exellent value for money, helpful friendly staff. room was very clean as was bathroom, i would recommend this hotel for a short break.	
Jun 9 2006	simple and clean hotel	I stay 3 nights there. The room is small but clean. The location is excellent and safe. Breakfast is sample and no many options. Overall the hotel fits for short stays.	
May 24 2006	Great value!	I stayed there for five days and i found that it was a perfect location, so close to all the tube lines. There´s a lot of places to eat in or take away around the corner.The rooms are a bit small, but cozy and very clean (they had hair dryers and coffee facilities). Breakfast was fine but you should try to wake up early so you don´t have to wait.I went to all the famous places and enjoy everything but the weather. Try not to miss Camden Town Market and Portobello. Good trip to everyone!!!!!!	
Apr 29 2006	Best Value in London	Yes, the rooms are small but they are very clean and the staff are friendly and go out of their way to be helpful in any way possible. We have stayed at the Fairway on 3 occasions and will again if in London. The proximity to Kings Cross / St. Pamcras Station is very convenient and there are numerous options close by for delicious meals at reasonable prices - pubs, Indian, Chinese, etc. The breakfast is simple but ample and if you make a bit of an effort to 'beat the rush' there is no crowding or waiting.We consider the Fairway to be a very good value for the money, compared to other central London choices.	
Apr 12 2006	Really Clean Perfect Location And Friendly Staff What Else Can You Ask For?	I stayed with my family in this bed and breakfast when they came to visit me in London as im an international student, the hotel was asbolutely clean and towels are changed everyday and rooms are cleaned daily as well. I have stayed at other bed and breakfasts in London and i have never seen such a clean bedrooms like in this one. overmore, all rooms have enclosed bathroom and it is quite useful and its not that small compared to other b&amp;b, the bathroom is just ok all u need to comfortably wash urself. staff at the hotel is pretty friendly and its very nice that you can leave ur bags at the hotel during the last day in which u leave so u can make the most of ur time in london. we went bk for our bags at 11pm and everybody was absolutely friendly at any time. breakfast is ok, english breakfast is 2toasts, egg, beans, bacon, butter, marmalade, or continental breakfast which is 2toasts, cereals (there are wholegrain ones with raisings and normal ones), cheese, ham, marmalade and butter. i would really recommend this hotel, location is just perfect, literally near the tube and train station of st pancras. i have even booked a room to stay at this place in 2 weeks!!	
Apr 3 2006	Not so "lovely" after all.	Less than impressed when we got there. Although the staff was so very friendly, we cannot say the same about the rooms. First, the incredible amount of stairs we had to go up with all our luggage was ludicrous! My boyfriend and I both being 5'10 and of athletic build made sleeping in the extra small &quot;double&quot; bed a disaster. The room was shabby, obviously not one of the newly redecorated rooms. The bathroom behind us had a toilet with running water that never stopped once during the night. However, the staff, again, was very nice and arranged a taxi for us at 4 AM. Although the price was right, the room was definitely not.	
Mar 19 2006	Not the best	I suppose the hotel was ok for the price we paid,£153 for a double room for 3 nights.we were very disappointed with the full english brekfast!!this consisted of 1rasher of bacon,fried egg and a few beans.no sausage,tomato or mushrooms.there was only 5 tables for everyones use so it meant you had to wait your turn.rooms were typically english as in very small,shower wasnt that great and water was running from bathroom into the room when in use.felt that staff could of been more friendly,they certainly didnt go out of their way with their guests.when you enter the hotel you are meet by a worn out tatty carpet which has seen better days,this does not give a good impression to guests.if we had known how many stairs we were going to have to climb to our room each day then we certainly wouldnt of stayed here!breakfast is served in the basement and from there to our room we had 66 stairs to climb!!on arrival at the hotel i thought we were never going to get our suitcase upstairs and no one offered any help.	
Jan 25 2006	Great Location	I was not expecting much from when we first arrived to the hotel but was pleasantly surpised when I saw our room. It was small but very clean. The location was right around the corner, less that a minute walk from King's Cross station which was very convenient to get around the city and to the airport. Hot english breakfast was included in the rate of 30 pounds per person per night. Breakfast consisted of 1 rasher, beans, 1 poached egg, toast, tea/coffee, butter, jam and orange juice. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If you're just stopping over in London for a few days and looking for a cheap, comfortable place to stay, I would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 22 2006	Excellent value convenient location	The Fairway Hotel is an absolute gem in its price category. Our room was small, but extremely well laid-out, spotlessly clean, and freshly renovated in decent taste. It wasn't so small that we had to climb over beds or anything; there is some floor space. We had two very comfortable beds, our own shower, a bathroom door that closed, a TV, wireless Internet access, a window we could open, heat we could control, and an electric kettle with teacups and tea. The only drawback was the smell of fresh paint (that's where the window we could open came in handy). There was plenty of hot water in the shower, although temperature control was slightly whimsical, varying with flushing and other water usage in other parts of the building.The management was very helpful in allowing us to check in at 10 am, even before most of the guests had checked out. Maid service was prompt and efficient. Breakfast (egg, bacon, beans, toast and tea/coffee) was hot, tasty and efficiently served.Here are the factors that keep this hotel from a higher category: *a worn, but still respectable, carpet in the stairwell *the unattractive (but sturdy and easy to clean) marble-patterned formica that lines the narrow and heavily used stairwells*the lack of a lift to the second floor*the whimsical temperature control in the showerThat's it, really. For this price (we paid £48/night), I'm willing to live with those things. I'd rather spend the extra money on more theatre tickets and shopping.I am a bit embarrassed by the negative reviews from Americans here. No, it's not the Hampton Inn, but then it's also not sitting in a field next to a highway exit in the middle of nowhere: it's in a convenient, quiet and safe location in one of the world's most fascinating cities. So please don't let those reviews scare you away: this is a fantastic value.	
Nov 22 2005	Very very good choice	We stayed at Fairway Hotel for 5 nights.The room was really small but everything was very clean. The breakfast was nice and the staff friendly.The location is excellent to discover London because King's Cross station is the crossing all of the tube lines. Great value for money(68 GBP for a triple ensuite room).I will stay here again...	
Oct 23 2005	Great Location is the best it has to offer	Absolutely great location to use to visit London. The rooms were extremely small and the bed were very uncomfortable. The showers had little temperature control and no shampoo was provided. Breakfast was quite nice. The staff was friendly and very helpful. All would have been great had the rooms been bigger.	
Oct 6 2005	Parva sed apta mihi	C'mon guys, if you make a trip only to discuss the category of the hotels, you are doing the wrong job: should be a tourist officer of the Government! This is just a simple hotel, humble ambitions, friendly owners and good service, and above all you don't pay nothing in comparison with the other exagerated hotels.For the Americans: please, when you come to Europe, just remember that the spaces here are different, so you can't compare any hotel in our old towns with the huge American ones.	
Aug 12 2005	Lousy	The room was extremely small and the “double” bed looked more like a glorified single bed. I should have measured just how small it was because I would wake up every so few hours to make sure I hadn’t fallen off of it yet. The toilet seat is plastic and ours was broken, so when we complained to the front desk about it, it was fixed just enough to last one more use before breaking again. The sink was so small that I couldn’t fit both hands inside it at the same time (I don’t have large hands), and you could either burn your hands or freeze them inside this sink but you couldn’t get any warm water out of it (because the hot tap is on the left and the cold tap is on the right). The windows, although double paned, wouldn’t lock, making it easily openable from the outside (the front desk didn’t understand how this could possibly be a safety issue). When we attempted to get breakfast, the tiny room that held about 15 people was completely packed to capacity at both times we attempted to eat that morning, so we just went to Burger King next door. One great advantage to this hotel it is so close to the subway station, making it easy to run away from your room, which is what you will want to do once you step inside it.	
Aug 1 2005	Good value for a family	Stayed at the Fairway hotel in a family room with my husband and two daughters 12 and 16.The room was a little cramped with a tiny shower but it was spotlessly clean and serviced each day. The breakfast was either full English or continental and we were always offered more toast and drinks. The staff at both breakfast and the front desk were friendly.Not luxury but comfortable and a good base to explore London.	
Jun 21 2005	Very good value for money	Stayed here June 2005, at the top floor corridor.All in all, a very good value for money aimed at traveller's on a budget and not planning to spend too much time at the hotel.Pros- Price (134£ for 2 people in one room, 3 nights)- Clean rooms, beds made and floor cleaned every day- TV on the room- Free Coffee and tea on the room - Free English or Continental breakfast included- Friendly staff- Pretty quiet neighbourhood- Close to Kings Cross stationCons- Small rooms- Shared bathrooms and toilets (at least in our price) though they were pretty clean on our floor- Somewhat too thin doorsIf you decide to go there, you can find a quick bite at the next door Burger King. I also recommend you follow Argyle Street south-west to nearby Leigh Street and Marchmont Street to find cheap and really good pizza, some pubs, and good Indian food.	
Apr 25 2005	Okay	We stayed with my son at Fairway in April. The room and the bathroom was very small indeed. But everything was clean. The bathroom was ok. The location is 1 minute walk to King's Cross Underground station with many lines passing thru. Location is great.The Breakfast is simple but good value for that price. The price was 65 Euro per night per double.It is ok if you spend very little time in the hotel room.	
Apr 19 2005	Good value for money...	We stayed at the Fairway Hotel in Kings Cross last weekend (15.4.-18.4.)... i can say it´s real value for money...+++ great location - st.pancras railway station nearby (our train from luton airport arrived there) - kings cross underground station 50m away... BurgerKing 20 m away... :-)++ clean room+ fair pricesCan´t say anything about breakfast - we always went to pret a manger... ;-)	
Apr 2 2005	Good value/location	I just returned from a student trip to Paris and London. We stayed at the Faiway Hotel/Yorkshire Palace for 3 nights. We arrived quite a few hours before check-in and they were kind enough to let all 21 of us store our luggage in one of the rooms until we returned. There was no lift so we all had to lug our suitcases up some very narrow stairs. The room my husband and I shared was small but not cramped. We had enough room to open up both of our suitcases. The bathroom was small. Only one person can fit in it. My main problem with the room (#24) was when we took a shower, we had to be super careful because otherwise water would spill all over the bathroom. We had to get extra towels to clean up the mess. The breakfast was quite hearty - eggs, beans and bacon. The staff was friendly. The location is great - right around the corner from King's Cross station on the Picadlly Line. Ideal for getting into town for shopping and sight seeing. You'll find banking, pubs, restaurants, markets all in this area. We found an internet cafe only mins away - important for a group of kids wanting to contact friends and family. However, it can be questionable after dark. When one student was phoning her mother from a phone boot just metres away from the internet cafe, she was stopped by a man trying to get her to come to his hotel. Luckily nothing happened. Of the two hotels we stayed at in London, this location was the best but for value, size of rooms and amenities, I would stay at the Putney Bridge Travel Inn.	
Mar 24 2005	A great and inexpensive London place	The staff was extra friendly and helpful to the extent of providing a battery for a charger and allowing us to leave all 6 of our bags in the small office when we arrived early in the morning of the date of check-in. The location is wonderful--1/2 block to the tube or train station . Also, a bank is on the corner. Very convenient! The room was small and cramped, but well heated. It was clean. The English breakfast was good; however, other items were offeredupon request. Our stay was 03/06/05-03/11/05.	
Feb 16 2005	Great place great value.		
Feb 7 2005	Location location location		
Jan 19 2005	nice B		
Nov 24 2004	Great wee gem!		
Oct 20 2004	Great place		
Oct 11 2004	Brilliant location and value for money		
Sep 1 2004	Great value		
Apr 14 2004	quite ok		
Dec 31 2003	Charged my credit card without permission		
Nov 22 2009 	Pied-à-terre formidable		
Nov 3 2009 	Assez bien		
Oct 7 2009 	Pratique		
Sep 24 2009 	ottimo b		
Aug 5 2009 	Potremmo tornarci perchè ...		
Mar 10 2009 	Ottima posizione e rapporto qualità prezzo		
Dec 4 2008 	fantastico hotel		
Dec 1 2008	Muy limpio y bien comunicado		
Jul 24 2008 	lieber ein paar Pfund pro Nacht mehr bezahlt		
Apr 3 2008 	Sehr nettes sauberes Bed 		
Dec 17 2007	Accettabile ma abbiamo riscontrato dei problemi		
Apr 28 2007 	Sehr zu empfehlen!		
Jan 23 2007 	buena relacion calidad-precio sin lujos		
