Aug 18 2009 	Reasonable	We went to this hotel due to the price we paid.The hotel is very secure you have to ring a bell and they let you in through the CCTV camera's on the door. We stayed on the 4th floor room number 41, It was abit small but VERY reasonable it was suitated on the back of the hotel over looking other houses, (but this did not both us) There is only stairs no lift, so i would not recommend this hotel to anyone with mobility issues as we struggled up them and we are both in our early 20's!!!The breakfast is RUBBISH that what does let it down. you have to ask if you want Tea or coffee and you either have a cooked of 1 sausage, 1 bacon, 1 hashbrown and 1 fried egg Which is all nearly cold, but it takes 10 minutes to get to you!! It's lucky that there is a starbucks down the road on Oxford street for my tea.But i would stay here again just due to location and the price.	
Aug 16 2009 	Warning!	This hotel should be closed! It`s dirty, does not function when it comes to drainage in the bathroom, staff that barely speeks english, it is just not okay!!! They are in for the money---but don´t really know howe to run a hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Awful	We came to check us in for one booked night but the receptionist dont know anything and offer us to single disgusting rooms for 3 persons in which we did not booked then left the hotel to eat some food. Then when we came back he told us that we were booked on another hotel some blocks away, so we took a cab due to it was late in the evening. Sadly we also had already booked 2 more nights the next week. I dont want to make some troubles so we came back to check us in and we got our booked suite for 3 persons. It smells sponge this hotel. The floors squeeks when you go on it. The stairsways is awful and have that sponge smell. The door to the restaurant squeeks everytime someone opens it and we can hear it in our room. It really bothers us. They dont have service minded people. We never got a smile. They only have one fan for 2 rooms and it was very warm in the room without fan and it was 32 degrees outside. The breakfast was not OK due to the waitress forgot this and that.	
Mar 16 2009 	not all bad	After reading the rewievs, I was really scared of coming to the hotel. BUT fortunately it wasnt that bad. The staff was nice, the room - a standard single - was small but had everything I needed, location perfect and the breakfast was ok. The floors ARE very squeaky, but it's an old building, so what can you expect...All in all I'm very happy that I took the chance with this hotel. I didnt pay much, and I got what I paid for. So fair trade!	
Jan 7 2009 	No value for money - don't be tempted by the price	Although the hotel is very conveniently located within 5 mins. from Baker Street Station, this is probably the worst hotel I ever stayed at. Strange people tend to hang around the reception area. The rooms are super tiny and very very old. The worst part is the insulation of the windows - it's just as if there wasn't any: so just imagine yourself sleeping on top of a London doubledecker bus ... including the draught. There seems to be only one room going out to the back so you can be pretty sure to have a noisy night.There's plenty of other options very close by - so just ignore Bickenhall Hotel and save yourself a dreadful stay.	
Dec 13 2008 	absolutely awful!	how the owners of this place have the cheek to call this a hotel i dont know! when it was given any star status must have been years and years ago! as it is certainly not worthy of any stars now! where shall i start form the ceilings which is falling down in places to the threadbare carpets/wallpaper hanging off walls/uneven broken floorboards (you can hear every creaking footstep of the people in the room above)/no cups for the tea making facilies/ mouldy shower and a dirty limescaled toilet! the list is endless! yes they do provide beakfast but even that was served by a disinterested woman in a freezeing cold room with a broken catflap that was just a hole in the outside door/ any creature could have access and looking at the place it prob does! the location however is good but there are many budget hotels in london and we have never ever come across one as bad as this! it should be closed down and the owners should be nade to improve it. shame on you expedia for even listing it. in short DO NOT EVER CHOOSE THIS HOTEL!	
Sep 28 2008 	OK location.	Well the best thing is the location only two mins from Baker Street station. From the outside it looks ok as well. Reception staff were on the minimum wage and i felt sorry for them; they must get so many complaints. The rooms were tired, paint peeling off walls etc but were clean as far as I could see. The worst thing was the constant noise from the creeky floor boards . Above me were several people in a room who were busy until 4.30 am! What they were up to I am not sure...its that sort of hotel. Breakfast in the morning was not good, with the english breakfast especially not recommended and the cornflakes probably had a sale by date of last year. The oddest thing was the breakfast room looked as though it had been decorated by a 6 year old. there was paint on the threadbare carpet and the door had obviously been painted in less than 2 minutes. So overall impression was disappoiting...apart from the location which was good.	
Sep 16 2008 	Dirty and disgusting	This hotel has nothing but its location going for it! It smells horrible, is dirty, has a couple of really ugly cats running around which looked like they had flees, curtains that were not attached to the windows! There was a kettle and tea bags in the room but no mugs/cups and my friends room had mugs but not kettle or tea bags!Completetly over priced and should really only have 1star - if that! I would NOT reccomend it to anyone!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Simply awful!	When I checked in to the Hotel, I found mains flex dangling from the ceiling as I went up the stairs to my room; a ladder, power drill and vacuum cleaner in the small hallway (which had four rooms leading off of it); a wet towel on the back of the chair; a large wet patch on the carpet (presumably where the previous guest had dried themselves off after showering); the door to the shower cubicle didn't close flush; the radiators didn't appear to work; and there was only one pillow.So overall, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they were desperate!	
Jun 30 2008 	rubbish	we booked this thinking it was a good 2 star hotel. but once we arrived our room wasn't ready and there was cats running around inside. i must say that it is a good location in london but i would rather to go further out of london. the rooms are dirty but at least the sheets were clean. the door in the bathroom wouldn't lock and the toilet leaked. the floor boards creaked. the curtins wouldn't close, oh ya the staff were nice but useless, they don't know a thing about london.	
Jun 3 2008 	Would rather sleep with the rats on the street	We arrived at just after 6pm at night and from the outside I thought I had done well. I booked through hotels.com after finding one to suite my needs for 3 nights. I walked in and the smile soon changed I have never seen such a pig sty ( sorry but that's putting in mildly ) the ammount of dust and grim in the carpets was truly shocking I walk through to reception but it got no better before I siged in I requested to see the room I was taken to room 41 and well I think if the carpets had ever seen a hoover it did not show. The bed was unmade and there was even a old sock on the floor.I told them straight it was not suitable. I was going to be shown another room but I had decided that I would ask for a refund and seek accomodation elsewhere. We did get a full refund but only after I told the duty manager what a &quot;pigsty it was&quot; Everywhere you look in this hotel needs attention I question on how they got 2 stars I would not give it 1. Never in you baddest dream would you dream of staying in here. I have just one word to say about &quot;The Bickenhall Hotel &quot; and that is avoid!!!!	
Apr 2 2008 	Horrible	The room is filthy, the staff unfriendly, the place is awful. It is conveniently located but that is all.Bedding was covered in hair and staff was put out to change the sheets when we arrived. The shower would not shut off and then flooded into the lobby. They would occasionally turn off the water, stranding you in the shower without notice.The bathroom was stained, dirty, had hair on walls and floor, and the towels were rank and stained as well.Included breakfast should warn that it includes dirty dishes and stale cereal.There is external construction on the building and the laborers were standing in the window of our room for 2 days scraping the mortar. Noisy, and no privacy.For the price paid, the reviews are off. STAY AWAY.	
Mar 6 2008	Bickenhall blues	I guess as a Canadian, I am not used to older hotels so I love the ambience of an older but clean hotel. This was not one,with beds that are 50 years old and dirty showers that dripped all nightit was disgusting. When we first arrived the receptionist was less than friendly,there appeared to be &quot;regulars&quot; including a moustached woman, hanging around and the lobby had filthy old couches in it. Our room had a teeny tv and one of the beds was an old cot that was held together I am sure by dust mites. We were afraid to eat breakfast the next morning and never even checked it out since there was no dining room in site. The only good thing, the location was great for the subway.	
Feb 19 2008 	Shocking	Absolutely shocking is the only way I can describe this hotel.We though we would 'overlook' the bad reviews on this site - they must have been having a bad day or something.Everything was going well. We arrived - checked in and made our way up to our room which was on the 4th floor. Carpet was in need of replacement, but not too bad.However as we started to look around we could see a few problems. There seems to be a bit of a damp problem or something as the paper and paint seemed to be coming away from the walls/ceiling. Made a note to myself not to wear high heels on the way out that afternoon as the carpet on the loft staircase was nearly threadbare and the banister not attached very well to the wall. On our way across the landing there were 2 bottles of Becks - one unopened, one half empty against the wall. They remained there for the whole 2 days we were there, alongside the hoover which seemed to have no permanent storage (If it did it was never put away). The room was OK (we think we were in the right one as one of the numbers was missing). In need of a good paint but clean enough with a good view. The bathroom wasn't great however. There was grime in the bottom of the toilet - obviously too old now to be scrubbed off. The sink wasn't properly attached to the wall and was wobbly. You couldn't lean on it as it was held only by a bit of sealer and the pipes behind it. The light fitting was hanging out of the ceiling and you could see the wires. Decided it would be best to have a shower with the door open to reduce the chance of electrocution! Shower did have good power and the water was always hot.We noticed that the pillows on the bed were those thin ones that you usually get when you go abroad so on the way out that night I asked the receptionist if she could sent a couple of extra pillows up for us. She politely told us that we could have extra pillowcases but no pillows. Little bit strange but decided not to persue it as she obviously didn't speak much English. I ended up with a folded up blanket under my head that night and other half used his fleece.Breakfast was served until 10am. We headed down about 9.15 to be greeted by lovely cat food in a bowl right next to the entrance to the breakfast room. After looking at what other people in the room were eating we decided that we would have cornflakes and toast. The breakfasts were swimming in grease and didn't really look like they had been cooked using the greatest of ingredients. The cornflakes never arrived. Probably due to the language barrier I think. The toast was ok - more bread than toast but edible.We packed and made a fairly swift exit after that.There is more I could say but I've waffled on for long enough now. Simple conclusion - don't bother. Don't waste you time or your money.	
Jan 23 2008	Needs modernising	As most reviews say its very handy for the town centre. Just a short walk from Marylebone Station and Baker Street tube station. The hotel itself is okay for one night but no more.The hotel was old and tired looking. It requires modernising. The shower was very good with good pressure and hot water. The English breakfast consisted of 1x sausage, 1x strip of bacon, 1x hash brown and 2x eggs, very poor quality. Over all I wouldn't say I would stay there again.	
Nov 7 2007	Needs redecorating - fast	Have to agree with other reviewers that this place has a good location.. But thats about it. The place is in dire need of re-decorating.. and a bloody good cleaning. Bed cover in my room was torn.. carpet dirty, bathroom in need of some chemical cleaning.. I could go on.. only constant noise I heard was the floor boards in the rooms around me ! Receptionist seemed ok, if a bit bored. Breakfats staff were nice. I'd say this place is good for those not expecting much.. just a bed for the nite. Did notice it had WIFI, but didn't have my laptop to test it out.	
Oct 25 2007 	Excellent Customer Service	I couldn't believe how nice the hotel manager was. The room we had was on the first floor. and its was very suitable as I had 2 kids.The room had one room inside our room so we had our privacy also our kids were with us aswell. There was 2 double bed in our rooms which they kindly changed my kids ones to two singles.I never tasted full english Breakfast before and its was delicious. Nice cozy breakfast room aswell.This is an old victorian property so obviously it does look old but I liked it as it seems so british to stay in this hotel and not like the other hotels which are Posh.We went to England to see british things and this is definately So BRITISH hotel.Liked it... loved it.... would definately go there again!!!	
Oct 13 2007 	Okay could have been better	We spent 4 nights at the Bickenhall. The location was good. Bus stop literally outside the front door. Baker street tube station just a short walk away, as well as pubs and restaurants. Rooms are a little rough looking. Globes on lights missing, wall paper peeling, etc. We were on the 3rd floor and the floors were squeaking pretty much every step we took. I felt bad for those below us. The shower in our room wouldn't turn off. We had to get a staff member to come up 3 times to turn it off. There was a tricky way of turning it off, I'm sure a plumber wouldn't figure it out. English breakfast was OK, the staff serving were very friendly.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good location	Six of us stayed for the London marathon weekend. The reviews nearly put us off but we enjoyed our stay. Yes it is old and getting tatty but the room and en-suite were clean and the breakfast was good (and very accommodating to the 2 children). For the price and the great location we felt it was OK.	
May 4 2007	Be Aware Be Very Aware!!!!	Some good points first; great location only 2mins to Baker Street Tube station 8 min walk to Marble Arch and bus stop outside hotel door. Full English Breakfast was freshly cooked each morning. My room was of good size and ensuite was clean, as was the bed linen.My room was on 5th floor but there is no lift, not suitable for some less able folk than I. Wall paper and paint were peeling in many places. Carpets were as if blackened by coal, getting dirtier as you ascend the stairs. Once you hit 3rd floor, the floorboards begin to creak and become embarassing to walk on from 3rd floor staircase up. The stairs becomes narrower and gloomier the higher you proceed. Debris was littering the hallways of top 2 floors; broken sink andplinth, mop, stepladders, storage boxes. Door next to mine No.51 had no door handle or lock; kept ajar with occupant's slipper or piece of clothing. My bed was ready for the skip and my floorboards must have deafened and annoyed the guests below me. Check out my candid pics for visual confirmation.	
Apr 23 2007	A great deal better than expected	I've just come back from a 3 nights stay in London where my mum and I stayed at the Bickenhall Hotel. Having read the other reviews on this site I wasn't really sure what to expect of the hotel. I dreaded the worst, but was pleasantly surprised. Yes, the hotel needs re-carpeting (especially in the hall and staircases), and new wallpaper (and somebody really ought to do something about the squeaking floorboards!), but considering that it's an economy hotel it's definitely acceptable. The room was not as small as feared, the staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was decent. Furthermore, the location is great. The hotel is located really close to busses and Baker Street Station. Unfortunately this also has a downside, with the hotel being located on a very busy and fairly noisy road.I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again.	
Jan 16 2007	avoid at all costs	smelly dirty noisy; its a disgrace there are plenty of others in the same area for the same cost, all of which are better.amazing that these guys survive in central london, i've stayed in better hostels in the 3rd world.	
Sep 1 2006	old and noisey	filthy old carpets, needs big overhall. stayed at front of house and it was so noisey from passing traffic. loose floorboards and tiles in bathroom. breakfast was alot to be desired as everything tasted of fish. cats feeding bowls on view in kitchen. too many cats about, however not in the rooms. there is no lift and no offer of help from staff to transport luggage. it was in a very good location and moderately priced. would not recommend it for couples, more suited to hen? stag parties!	
Aug 29 2006 	Cant beat the Location	I was a bit nervous reading the previous reviews about this hotel as I am allergic to cats and my 6 month pregnant sister was travelling with me and had concerns about toxoplasmosis. However Bickenhall wasnt bad. The sheets were clean as was the bathroom and we got a good workout everytime we climbed the stairs as there was no lift! This place is screaming for a make-over. Floor-boards are creaky (we thought Riverdance was being performed in the room above us!) and there are one or two cats but not in the bedrooms. I would recommend this place to a group of guys or girls but not so much to couples or eldery people. You cannot beat the central location or the price and the staff were very friendly.	
May 15 2006	Excellent location could be improved	Great value for money. the rom was small but attractive and clean. Excellent location. Only problem to be kept in mind were the creaky floors - very noisy! Breakfast could be improved as well - the orange juice wasn't very nice at all.However, the staff was very friendly and the location (a few minutes' walk from Baker Street tube and with a selection of buses right outside the front door) was unbeatable.	
Apr 1 2006	Dirty	Dirty carpets on stairs and in the rooms we stayed in. Bed cover was stained but the sheets were ok. Bathroom in first room was very small. Second room loose bathroom floor tiles. Hotel was very smelly due to the smokers. Would like to point out that due to the amount of cats mentioned in another review I received flea bites. However breakfast was very enjoyable and the location was great.	
Feb 26 2006	Good hotel	I checked out of another hotel, and had to go looking for another hotel on foot. I was very happy with my stay here. The room was adequate. The bathroom was new and everything worked great. The rooms are small, (but most rooms are small in London), but it was adequate and I loved the high ceiling. The breakfast was very good. All of the staff were very nice and helpful. The location was perfect just a few minutes walk to the tube. The only thing that needs improvement is the carpet is worn on the steps, but for the price I paid this place was perfect. Also, if the receptionist did not smoke would be a nice change.I would stay here again.	
Nov 17 2005 	Avoid this Hotel	Bus stop right outside, noise from traffic all night, hotel is old and dirty. Was £70 a night, not worth it in my opinion	
Dec 10 2004	Situated perfectly for visitors	I recently stayed at Bickenhall hotel. It was situated in just minutes walk from Oxford Street or even edgware road. With the price they offered me made my trip to london even better.	
Jun 20 2004	Smokers haven	No elevators. Not clean. Cats everywhere. Some people from reception are smoking and if you have a room near by the smokes gets you, and the smell of cooking in the morning. One bright point is the receptionist Taraneh very nice and helpful.	
Apr 8 2009 	A fuir		
Sep 5 2008 	hotel da evitare		
Nov 20 2007 	Pas glamour mais un logement pratique assez bien situé		
