Nov 14 2009 	Tolerable hotel in great location	Would we go back? Perhaps, but we'd search elsewhere first. For two nights, this hotel suited our needs by being a short walk to Victoria Station. We expected a typically small London room &amp; no lift to 3rd floor which is exactly what we found. Room was reasonably clean but shower didn't drain well &amp; water collected around our ankles. Hate that!!! Friends on 1st floor had same issue. (It's possible that workman in the building at the time would remedy that situation.) Also, I'm 5'2&quot; and couldn't sit straight on the toilet because my knees hit the shower. Breakfast was decent with a choice of hot or cold fare. Hot meal included an egg, a sausage, beans, &amp; toast. Strangest thing was the night clerk who was sleeping on the floor in the office doorway when we left in the early AM.	
Sep 12 2009 	HORRIBLE. STAY AWAY. I AM SERIOUS.	Oh, this is horrible. The most horrendous hotel I have ever been in my life! Reception seriously needs a training. Amazingly impolite, unfriendly, and unprofessional. GOSH. I dont know what to say here. Just please, stay away. Unless you dont care about the service. Lotsa lotsaaa hotels nearby.	
Sep 9 2009 	One step above hostel....IF THAT!	You walk into this hotel to be suffocated by a stink (mold?). The &quot;hotel&quot; is located near Victoria Station, which is convenient BUT for the rate you can stay at a Premier Inn for the same price. Had we not already paid we would have left right away. The rooms are DIRTY and really small. If you have luggage, you can barely fit in the room. The bathrooms are gross and are built like coffins. When we walked into the room I cried! It is disqusting. The mattresses are horrible, so no luck in getting rest.	
Jun 15 2009 	Close to the center clean great value for that money	This is perfect choice if you would stay only for a couple of days. It is very close to the center, I didn't pay anything for travelling in London. The staff is incredible friendly!!!! The traditional English breakfast was a big surprise. You should know before booking that there is no lift and fridge in the rooms, but anyway, it wasn't said in the description of hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice B	It wasnt fancy but it wasnt dirty! the locason was amasing!! with in perfect walking distance! breckfast was yummy! the bed was nice shower good and price was right! my husband and just went into london and picked a place to stay and it was very nice! cant complan! even from our window we could see far but we could see the london eye soo yea we were happy!!	
Mar 9 2009 	great for the centre of london	stayed at this hotel for 3 nights ith 6 other friends walking distance to many sights/ our room was on top floor which was a bit of a climb but had great views of the london eye/breakfast was good but a bit early you had to be down before 9//staff were very pleasant// hotel was clean but good be due a tidy up and lick of paint etc //but then you would probly have to pay more than the £60.00 they charge at the moment///would use this hotel if i was back in london///also its not far from victoria 5 mins ///there is a bar in hotel but was closed for refurb	
Oct 17 2008 	good location but the toliet smells.....	Well, the location is very good. I booked a double room for my mum and me, and the room and the bathroom are small. The size is not the problem since I expected that it is normal size in London, but the toliet smells. I had an ensuite room, so the smell of the toliet spreads into entire room when the toliet door opens. It may be better to book rooms without bathroom if you want to stay there.	
Sep 25 2008 	Basic but perfectly adequate	We'd decided to have a couple of days away, and bought funfares with National Express to go to London. I wanted to visit the Science Museum and also do one of the open topped London Bus Tours. We looked for cheap overnight accomodation with breakfast included, in the Victoria area (our coach destination). None of the recent reviews were particularly positive, so booking the Stanley House was a gamble. The location was excellent, it was within 5 minutes walk of Victoria coach &amp; train stations, and there was a convenient Sainsbury Express en route to the hotel. From the outside, the hotel looked smart and inviting. The reception staff were pleasant once we engaged them in conversation. There is a £5 deposit for your room &amp; front door key, but we weren't charged this. Our room was basic, but with everything we needed; the sheets were crisp and clean, there were spare blankets and pillows, and several spare loo rolls! There were plenty of drawers available, a wardrobe, a desk and a hairdryer. OK, the paintwork was tired and the hotel interior generally a bit grubby, but not where it mattered. The loo, washbasin &amp; shower were clean, and the towels were replaced daily. The signs advising you of the breakfast times varied, but we sussed out it was available between 7.30 and 9.00. The breakfast room is in the basement, it was crowded but it encouraged us to talk to other residents sharing our table, so was quite sociable. Again, the staff were pleasant and polite, and worked hard to ensure everyone was served quickly. We had orange juice, sausages, bacon, beans and an egg, then plenty of toast, tea or coffee. Others there had cornflakes, I think this was instead of the fried breakfast.We walked to the Science Museum, took us about 45 minutes, and spent all day there before walking back. Probably further than a lot of people might fancy walking, but it gave us the chance to admire the wonderful architecture of the buildings in this area.There is a pub about 5 minutes walk from the hotel, where they serve a good meal, specialising in different flavoured sausages. Actually, we got Pork &amp; Red Onion even when we asked for Venison, but hunger prevented us from pointing out the error! They were delicious, as was the fine selection of real ales. The pub was quiet at lunchtime, but really buzzing in the evening, quietened down again about 9pm.On the day of our departure, we had to vacate the room by 10am, but were allowed to leave our luggage (at our own risk) in the lounge until our coach went at 6pm. This enabled us to spend the day hopping on and off the bus tour, without the luggage. Also, we were able to use (the plentiful) toilets at the hotel before our journey home.	
Jun 30 2008	Good for frugal traveler	We got a family room (two double beds) for the best price I could find in the area (Victoria Station--good for connecting to all parts of central London). The breakfast was fine...nothing fancy, but enough food for all. The room was clean. The staff was not particularly friendly, but wasn't rude either. They let us in early to drop off our bags...which was nice. The biggest negative was that there was supposed to be internet, but it was only functioning sporadically...to the point where my husband couldn't get on long enough to conduct his business. He tried to find an internet cafe, and there were some, but he didn't want to pay what they were asking.	
Jun 12 2008 	Flea Pit	Arrived at 6.30pm found the reception a little off putting, was in room 42 on second floor I am registered disabled took me ages to get up stairs no lift, toilet made loud noise on flushing lasted 10 mins which could be heard on the ground floor, was told never had any complaints so far.on the ground floor there were a couple of new wardrobes in the passage and on the fist landing there were matresses and head boards, my first thought was this had to be a fire hazzarda twin room had one hand towel and one bath towel between two, room did not seem that clean and shower was mouldy and dirty looking, funiture was much to be desired the double bed was tatty and the single bed wile the matress was relitively new the base was twisted and past its sell by date, in the morning i got up and had sevrel bite marks, breakfast in the basment, full english breakfast consisted of 1 sm rasher of bacon, 1 sausage a teaspoonful of beans and one very small egg, small glass of orange juice, toast and coffee, coffee had obviously been made several hours before,the It has been the worst experiance of my life, glad it was only one night	
May 6 2008	Just Ok	This hotel is just Ok. The rooms are quite big but not very clean. Look carefully at the towels! The breakfast is not excellent either and the reception guys are not so friendly...Good point: the location! Close to Victoria underground station, westminster abbaye and big ben.	
Mar 20 2008 	Stanley House the best budget hotel so far	I have been to London staying in budget hotels twice before last weeks trip, and Stanley House Hotel is clearly the best one so far. The location is terrific, only 10 minutes from Victoria Station (where the trains from Gatwick Airport arrives), and of course as close to Victoria tube station. We could check in to our room already before 10 AM, which meant that we didn't have to pay through our noses (£6,50/bag) to keep the suitcases at Victoria station's luggage room.You have a 15 minutes walk to Westminster, the HP and London Eye, and a wide variety of restaurants and pubs within five minutes walk from the hotel. Out triple room (#33) on the ground floor was clean and big enough. The TV was small, but new, and the shower tight, but working without any problems. The people at the reception were service minded and quick to respond to questions and additional requirements.For the first time in a budget hotel we got more than the usual &quot;Continental breakfast&quot;, and were served “English breakfast” (eggs, bacon, sausage and beans) and corn flakes in addition to more than you could eat of toast, butter and jam.The single glass window doesn’t shut out the sounds of traffic on Belgrave Road, but since it’s a quiet street with not much traffic after 10 PM we had three good night sleeps on good beds and pillows.I would like to recommend this hotel (at least if you’re booking triple room) to anyone looking for a good enough budget hotel in London. The £70 a night for triple makes this place a good value hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Oh my god!!!	First of all, the location was brilliant. Come out of Victoria shopping centre and turn left, walk about 5 mins and your there. A taxi from Trafalger Square was £6.40. Was quite clean. Now the bad bits. The room was very small and in the basement, opposite the breakfast room. the en-suite bathroom was a corner of the room with a studded wall around it that didn't reach the top of the walls. Also the extractor fan was very loud and took a long time to go off! Thier was a small tv with some digital channels. One plug socket in the room( the TV was plugged in that!!) The bed was very soft with a bright pink blanket on it with a bright blue blanket under that. (sheets were changed everyday) Their was a really bad draft coming from the window. i moved the net curtain and found that the window was stuck open. I fixed this!! I think someone had opened it because the central heating was on constantly and the room was really really hot!!! We only went for breakfast on the first morning because it was terrible!!! We got tea/coffee, 1 sausage, some beans and 2 fried eggs. NO BACON!!! what a complete waste of time! So in conclusion, steer clear of this hotel. We found many others around the same price, i'd try one of them before this one! I wish we had paid a little more now but hey!!	
Jan 27 2008	Doesn't deserve its rating	Good points:LocationCleanBad points:Staff unfriendlyOld furniture and fittingsNo soap or tea and coffee in room; no sink plug!I've stayed in many budget hotels in London and I can't understand how this one has achieved this rating. It's not terrible, but its below average, even for this price range.	
Nov 26 2007 	Stanley sufficient for the cost	Stanley house is located in a prime area. It is 2 blocks from Victoria Station and about 10 min walk from Buckingham Palace. Check in was fast. However, I was told I could have had a cheaper rate if I did not book online. We had a double en-suite room. The room was small, but sufficient and the bathroom was remodeled. Housekeeping everyday, however they kept the same sheets on bed for whole visit-NOT GOOD. Overall, our stay in the hotel was very comfortable and cost effective. We are returning to London in January 2008 and will stay in Stanley House again.....this time we will call and not book online.	
Nov 22 2007 	HOTEL? - SHOULD READ HOSTEL!!	What a dump! Arrived at 5pm, checked in slightly concerned by the scruffy reception, several males were hanging around the reception area (I assume they were staff?). Paid £50 for a special offer double en suite room previously booked on-line, I was also asked to pay a £5 key deposit. On entering the second floor room (#39) I found a small scruffy room, all be it with a double bed (covered in an old pink candlewick and worn sheets). The furniture was old and tatty, nothing matched, an over bed lamp had electrical wires hanging from the fitting, the main room light was a fluresent tube. The en suite was a partition corner of the room, the top being a foot lower than the (water stained) ceiling. Just enough room to turn round, mould stained shower seals and a very noisy fan. No teak and coffee facilities and no smoke detector fitted??!!I returned to reception to complain about the room to be told this was a standard room and nothing better was available. I decided not to stay and checked out, requests for a part refund were refused (this will be pursued).I would not stay here if the rooms were being offered for free - DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL YOU CAN DO FAR BETTER IN LONDON	
Nov 20 2007 	Good choice for families great location	We stayed at the Stanley House at the beginning and end of our trip to UK. Great location two blocks from Victoria Station. Reasonable price for downtown London. We had a family room with double and two single beds for family of four (kids 4 and 2). Reception was very helpful and friendly. Room was large, clean, and quiet. Good full English breakfast. Lots of good restaurants, coffee shops, and grocery stores in the neighborhood. Trains, tube, and busses close by. Would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	It's ok...	Recently stayed at the Stanley House, and the place is quite ok.In my opinion though, it is more like a bed &amp; breakfast than a hotel.The room was clean enough (tiles in bathroom could do with some extra scrubbing...), beds were made and clean towels everyday which was a nice surprise.However, before you go I would def. reconfirm booking and roomtype. Our room was booked just the week before our stay- a triple room was booked online. In most hotels a triple room means 3 beds, just the same way a twin room means 2 beds... But when we got there our room only had 1 double and 1 single bed. Talked to the man at reception and was told they didnt have any rooms with 3 beds! I said that they have rooms with 3 beds on the internet and was then told that there were non available...I asked that if there was a triple room available the next day we might be able to change rooms and he would let us know. Surprise surprise, we didn' t here anymore, not that we asked again anyway. Also asked for an extra blanket and sheet which we never got either...The first morning there was no hot water at all ( might be because we got up VERY early and the immersion hadnt been turned on yet??) There was some screaming when 3 girls tried to have a shower in icecold water. After this episode we all managed to have a warm/hot shower each every morning.But, it is true, the bathroom and the showers are tiny.All in all, if you are on a budget and dont want to spend too much on accomation then the Stanley House is ok. It is basic, but fairly clean compared to some other places in the same price range and the location is very good just a couple of minutes walk from Victoria Station.	
Sep 18 2007 	Cold Shiver	I guess the rooms were clean, but the shower was a microscopic area and the hot water lasted 1.5 showers twice. It is convenient for Victoria station but try somewhere is is my candid recommendation.	
Sep 16 2007 	Beware the Stanley House	Before booking this hotel we read unfavourable reviews on Trip Advisor but disregarded them because of location, price and a full English breakfast. This was our mistake. We had booked well in advance for a week and requested a ground floor room as I had a knee problem. We were put downstairs in the basement, we couldn't use the light in the bathroom at night as there was a glass door on view to the street and no blind. TV didn't work. The window didn't open, very small room with the bed pushed hard against the central heating panel, the heating controls were rusted up and unadjustable, heat was unbearable and on all night. We politely asked the day receptionist if we could change rooms to one with working heating controls, she was unsympathetic and said this is a budget hotel and told us to check out if we didn't like it. Eventually we got a change of room, no lifts, 20kg suitcases up winding staircases to the top floor, an ensuite smaller than the toilet on a plane, drop the soap and back into the bedroom to pick it up. On the good side, the night porter, cleaning staff and kitchen staff all did their best by the guests with limited resources. We found a much nicer hotel for very little extra, lifts, working TV, polite staff. The end line is: Trust Trip Advisor. Keep looking.	
Jul 29 2007	bit of a dumptoilets out side of room	broken furniture..toilet was Upstairs !!!!!!!smelly from recent paint..unable to keep window open at night due to common balcony.dirty blanket .good location good breakfast.NOT reccomended .	
Jul 16 2007	Stayed 4 times and recommend it for the price	The price is great for a 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. It was always clean and the staff is really nice. The gave my group a gift for staying 2 times in March and 2 in November. It's in a nice part of town and sooo close to London Victoria and the Gatwick Express. The English Breakfast isn't bad either. As with any European hotel for this price. The stairs are tiny and so are the Bathrooms, but hey you're staying in Westminster for a great price...	
Jun 20 2007 	Great location Good only to sleep over	We were coming from US and stayed 9 nights. Perfect location, 10 minutes walk to either Westminster Abbey or Buckingham Palace. Rooms are small but cleam. The bathroom is minuscule. I paid 60 pounds per night - it is a good rate for London, if you are coming only to sleep at night. For $120 I can have a 4star accomodation in US, not in London, where the real exchange rate is 1:1. The breakfast was simple and served by east european woman. Everyday is eggs, sausage/bacon, toasts, tea/cofee - seems to be a true english tradition. The room was cleaned every day, the sheets every other day. No shampoo. The location seems to be safe at night.	
Apr 25 2007 	Worth it!	My husband and i stayed at Stanley in April 07 for 1 night. Reception was good and welcomed us nicely.We were at room no. 4. Lovely room! It was clean and the bedsheet was nicely done and crispy clean! Bed was quite squeeky but comfortable otherwise. The bathroom was tidy too. Shower was a bit of a squeeze but the hot water was very nice and we enjoyed a hot shower. Breakfast was average but the staff we're friendly. In general Stanley is not that bad at all. The price is all worth it! Very good location for going round. It's just walking distance from Buckingham Palace and other tourist spot. There were numerous restaurants and shops arund the area too which are very helpful.	
Mar 30 2007 	Filthy and not ashamed of it	Got to the hotel, checked in, had a quick look at the room, not too luxurious but what do you expect at these prices? The bed was comfortable and the sheets were crispy clean - slept fine, no problems... yet.Then I got up at eight to take a shower in my ensuite bathroom. Turned the tap on... nothing happened. Waited a while, tried tap at the wash basin. Only a few drops of hot water. Then I tried to ring reception, but the phone didn't work. Still standing there naked, cranky and I notice the shower is not exactly clean either. Just curious, I check if the black stuff on the tiles comes off when you wipe it. It comes off, obviously not something that has been tried by housekeeping staff.Took some pictures and experimented with turning other tap on and off. Then shower starts, just as person in shared bathroom in the hall finishes his/her shower. Obviously not enough hot water for everybody to be taking showers at the same time. Quicly, before the water stops, I take a very short shower in near-cold water and go down to reception to complain.It is nine. I am now quite angry, unshaven and only slightly cleaner than at eight. I tell my story. The lady - not surprised - goes &quot;But why did you not come to reception?&quot; and &quot;so you will be checking out?&quot;Not: &quot;We are sorry&quot; or &quot;We will make it up to you&quot;. I tell her about the pictures I had taken... &quot;Fine sir, you do that.&quot; You figure out if you want to go there.	
Mar 5 2007	Very satisfactory at the price	y daughter and I booked online for our holiday in Sept/05 fortwo weeks. We had a ground floor ensuite room which was very comfortable and, although old, was clean. The shower head needed replacing. Breakfast was more than adequate and we found being close to (1) Salisbury's deli, numerous restaurants, launderette as well as Victoria Station made it one of the most accessible B&amp;B hotels we have stayed in. We were so pleased that we booked again in Sept/07 for 3 weekds. There had been some upgrading done but unfortunately the room we wanted on the main floor was not available even though specifically requested.The downstairs room was large and comfortable and once we came to an understanding with the staff about noise was great.We were quite satisfied with the accommodation at the price quoted and would not hesitate to stay again in the future. The staff were most helpful and friendly at all times.	
Feb 28 2007 	We were very satisfied	We occupied twin room standard - shower en-suite.The room is small, and bathroom very small but it is enougth for us.Everything is clean, they clear there every day.Staff is very helpfull and friendly.It is advisable for tourists, there is enougth room for sleeping, but small for doing everything. There was recontruction in another sector of hotel but paints were smell.	
Nov 27 2006 	I like this hotel! A Trip Advisor member from Calgary Alberta Canada.	I have stayed at the Stanley House Hotel quite a few times over the years the last stay being the nights of October 5th and 6th, 2006 and find it good value for the money. I usually get a room without an en suite bathroom and this costs 35.00 pounds sterling per night if I book it online. The breakfast is ample and a good start to the day. It is very close to Victoria Station so one can catch a train, bus or the underground from there. I usually ask for Room 6 which has French doors which lead onto a shared balcony where one can sit if the weather permits. These French doors of course can be locked when not in use. If you want a safe, clean and reasonable place this is the one to choose.	
Nov 9 2006 	you get what you paid for!!!!	we stayed at the stanley house numerous times the past years it is always basic but good value (what do u want for 35 pds a nite in downtown london) so i would recommend it but buyer beware	
Oct 2 2006	Cheap and Nasty	Firstly I would like to say, take a star off this hotel.When we first arrived at the hotel, and told the staff member we had a reservation, he said that we were not on the books. I caught a glimps of the register and it looked like he was playing naughts and crosses on it, writing was everywhere, Im shocked he could find the correct date in this register.Finally he found it after 10 mins and we headed to our room, if you could call it that, I know for 50 pounds you cant expect much, but at least a clean room would be expected. The room was dirty.. The chair had stains on it, the bed not much better, the carpet was torn with more stains and the shower head.. looked like it had plant life growing on it. The bed was like sleeping on a Camels back. I felt at any second the floor would give way and we would end up sleeping in the room next to reception which looked like they had dog fights in there.Faulty Towers is like a royal palace compared to this hotel.	
Jul 21 2006 	Never Again	A group of us stayed at this hotel the last 2 days of our 2 week Europe trip. This hotel was terrible. The room looked so filthy I was afraid to even sit on the bed. The hotel clerk was extremely rude. We ordered taxis through them and later realized- as they were arguing with the taxi drivers-that they had added several pounds/taxi to the price. This was not disclosed to us when we made our request. The night before we were to leave, they sent my 11 year old daughter to tell us to come down and pay our bill. They also called my brother early in the morning to find out if he was coming to pay his bill. On checking out, I enquired as to their policy re payment; on arrival or when leaving, and according to the clerk there was no specific policy. There is no excuse for such shoddy service, no matter how much you pay. This was our 6th trip to Europe and we have stayed at hotels in a similar price range across Europe and have received excellent service and accommodations. Avoid this hotel at all cost.	
Jul 18 2006	Horrible Horrible	We were traveling through Europe with a group of 14 which included family and friends and London was our last stop before going home. Our group had booked four months in advanced. We asked for lower rooms as we had small children and a grandparent as we knew that climbing stairs would be an issue (most small hotels have no elevator). On arrival we only got one room on the lower floor all the other rooms were on the 3rd and 5th level. We only stayed two nights. On the last day of our stay the receptionist woke up everyone in our party at 5:00 o'clock in the morning to come down and pay our bill. This hotel was a real let down. We have been to London before and had stayed at another hotel right around the corner from this hotel, and we were very happy there. I do not know why we switch hotel. The receptionist and rest of the staff were very rude. When one of our party asked to see a newspaper the receptionist said this was not the RITZ. This hotel was cheap and the service was lousy. I guess we did get what we paid for.	
Jul 2 2006	Average but good enough.	Although upon our arrival the types of rooms we had booked (a double and an on-suite single) were not available, they put us in two normal twin rooms for the first night, charged us the rate appropriate to that type of room, and transferred two of us (the couple who wanted the double) to the requested type of room the next morning. The other of our party was given the option of a tranfer, but opted to stay in the cheaper room instead for the duration of our stay. We were not charged a depisit for our room keys, which included a key to the front door. We were told that the reception would close at midnight, but someone would be available in a sitting room nearby, who would also answer the door if our keys failed to work. There is no elevator, and some of the rooms are quite high up in the building, so if you require an easy-access room it would be a good idea to ask before booking. The rooms were relatively clean, the bathrooms were small but efficient. Each room has a tv, although with some of them the remote controls do not work - some of the bedside lamps are also inactive. There was some confusion with one of the staff members about getting clean towels (we required two, but the room had only been given one, which had a stain on it), as some of the staff only speak basic english. However, this was cleared up by speaking clearly and elaborating carefully on what we wanted. Most of the staff were helpful and considerate, and when we asked where we could buy maps from they gave us two free ones. The breakfast consisted of bacon, sausage, egg, beans, toast, orange juice and tea. The portions were slightly smaller than we would have liked, although there was a fair amount of toast. The staff would not give variations of the menu - my boyfriend was refused a bacon sandwich, for example, although he solved this by putting the bacon provided with the breakfast between pieces of toast. There is a drink vending machine in the lobby which offers hot drinks, soup, fruit juice or water, which on our arrival was set to a 'free vend' setting so we could have a free drink. It later reset to charging, although on one occasion when we mentioned this, one of the receptionists changed it back again.	
Apr 5 2006	Avoid this place at all costs!	We stayed here for 2 nights, 1 before catching a flight from Gatwick and 1 after. The first night was fine but the 2nd.... A 24hr reception was very important to us as we wouldn't arrive back in London until about Midnight. We arrived at the B&amp;B just after midnight to find the front door locked and no response on ringing the bell or calling them on the phone. We were lucky enough to be let in by another resident just arriving home from a night out and on searching the place for 30mins we finally found the receptionist, he had nipped off for a shower..! So much for a 24hr reception. When the receptionist came back to the the front desk, he refused to accept he had kept us waiting that long but being so tired we relented and just tried to check in. He then went on to try and over charge us for the room we had booked and only after arguing for 10mins and on seeing my receipt from when we stayed the week before did he charge us the correct amount. We finally got to bed about 12.45am and thought that would be the end of it but we got woken up by the same man at 8am knocking on our door ordering us to leave as we had caused so much trouble the night before! As I said, avoid this place at all costs unless you want to risk being treated like this yourself...One last thing...Whilst looking for him we went through the breakfast room and even though the tables were all set up for the next morning, his clothes were strewn all over the cutlery and crockery...not very hygienic..!	
Nov 29 2005 	What you would expect for the money	Usually when I visit London the client pays. However, on this occasion I was paying and so therefore staying budget. I chose this hotel after looking at the reviews on this site. First thing to say is that it is within an easy walk of Victoria Station and also well located for most places of interest in Central London. On arrival you are immediately aware of the furnishings and décor being a little worn and old. The reception experience was friendly and warm. A £5 cash deposit was needed for the key. An alarm call (knock on the door) can be arranged. The room was ok. Small as expected, with enough room to walk around the bed. The en-suite was a tiny affair which had been built in the corner of the room. The roof of which was two feet lower than the ceiling of the bedroom. A power cable dangled from some conduit on the bedroom wall on to the roof of the en-suite. There were many other power cables stretching from bits of conduits. The interior of the en-suite was clean and tidy. One small cube of soap was provided along with a clean towel. The water was hot but there was little room to move around in the shower cubicle. Toilet flushed okay.The television was mounted on a wall mount in the top corner. No remote control, looking a little grubby and with a slight problem with the sound. The furniture was sparse, cheap self assembled white ply wood with tired veneer. The sheets and pillow cases were clean but a close examination of the underside of the bedspread revealed a fair bit of old staining. However, I had a sound sleep in the comfortable bed. The radiator heating had to be turned off and the window left open for a while to let the heat out. Don’t leave it open all night unless you want to be woken early by the traffic outside. There was a phone but no instructions and I didn’t use it. In the morning I didn’t bother with the breakfast and booked out easily without queuing. In conclusion, the room was fine for one or two nights if you are not spending long in the room. I certainly cant complain about the cost for central London.	
Nov 2 2005	Disgusting!!!	Since I've stayed in several very small single rooms in London, I knew what size room (and bathroom) to expect. I accept this to save lots of money.But the size of the room was not the problem.The condition of the room was disgusting. The room carpet had a 2 foot by 4 foot replacement patch duct taped in! And the patch was bright red while the rest was blue or green.The bed sagged a lot and had lumps. The blanket only reached up just above my waist.The phone rang OK, and others could hear me, but I could not hear the caller. The desk clerk refused to try exchanging phones. In fact, he accused me of having phone problems at my house 4000 miles away! I asked him how he heard the caller ask for my room if there were phone problems 4000 miles away. He still refused to believe that their phone could possibly be at fault. Finally, I got to switch rooms, repacking, and lugging my belongings up 3 flights of stairs.Both rooms had broken plaster in various places. One had exposed wiring that was recently performed by someone with no apparent skills.The bathroom fans vented into the rooms!And I could NOT turn off the heat in one room despite turning the valve completely to the &quot;off&quot; position. The room baked like an oven.And the locks on the rooms were quite flimsy.The hotel charges a £5 cash key deposit. The desk clerk explained that if I couldn't produce BOTH the key AND the £5 key deposit receipt at check out, I would NOT get my £5 refunded. His copy of the receipt would NOT be accepted for refund..... HUH????????? The touted &quot;full English breakfast&quot; was more like a &quot;half English breakfast&quot; since the portions were so small complared to other London hotels.I like the neighborhood but couldn't wait to leave this dumpy hotel! I'd like to disinfect myself and my belongings after that experience.Best to stay away from this disgusting dump!!!	
Oct 31 2005	Paid-Not stayed	My daughter and I were given a room on the ground floor in the back on the alley with a window that did not lock. The room was very dark and small. Bathroom could have been cleaner. Staff was not very friendly at check in and saw that we were two females travelling alone and gave us this room anyway. We could not stay in the room and feel safe, so we went out and booked into a nice hotel with spacious room and security. We had already paid for this room, however it was worth the extra to feel secure and &quot;clean&quot;. If you want a &quot;deal&quot;, remember, you get what you pay for. Location was OK, room was tidy but very cramped and not secure. Will not book on line again.	
Jun 27 2005	clean and safe	My husband and I visited London for the first time in 2002 and booked the Stanley House Hotel online. It is a short walk from Victoria station and in a very nice neighborhood. My biggest issue when travelling is the cleanliness of the rooms and feeling safe walking around at night in the area. There were no problems in that department. The hotel is nothing fancy, no elevators, small rooms, etc, but when you look at what you can pay in London, this is a great deal. The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean and you get a full cooked breakfast in the morning. I would much rather spend my extra money on a theater ticket or sightseeing tour, than a room that I will hardly be spending any time in. We contacted Stanley House when we were returning to London the following year(because we fell in love with it) and they welcomed us back by offering us an even better price than last time!!!	
May 21 2005	Maid's room	Difficult to say 45 pounds only because in many other towns we can have a luxury room for this price. At Stanley house we had only a maid's room with a doll's bathroom. About the included breakfast, I can't say anything because served between 8 and 9 only, convenient when we have to leave early !On the good side : we had a room on groud floor, THe hotel is near Victoria coachs and trains stations.In fact there is several similar hotels in the same block.	
May 3 2005	Great Value Budget Property	If you're looking to be pampered, go to the Ritz. If you want very affordable accommodation in a great area of London, Stanley House might appeal. Obviously for ?45 a night (double ensuite) everything won't be perfect. The bed was a little saggy in the middle, and the bathroom was a water closet, but it was an inexpensive place to lay your head. While we may not stay there on our next trip to London, we certainly don't regret having stayed there before. The breakfast served each morning was delicious and generous.	
Jan 4 2005	Never again...		
May 19 2004	Budget ... as promised		
Apr 14 2004	Watch the key deposit!		
Feb 16 2004	Good value centrally-located budget hotel		
Jan 16 2004	Do not stay here		
Jan 6 2004	Disgusting...		
Nov 14 2003	Good for last minute budget hotel		
Jun 12 2003	Good on a Budget		
Apr 3 2003	Stanley House is great on a budget		
Nov 23 2009 	Bien ubicado y limpio nada de lujos.		
Aug 19 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Jul 19 2009 	Bien!		
Mar 30 2009 	Muy antiguo y poco cuidado pero limpio y buena situación.		
Mar 19 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Feb 4 2009 	Ein wenig überbewertet...		
Aug 20 2008	Pésimo hotel		
Aug 19 2008 	Le dimos de comer a los chinches		
Jul 14 2008	Buena ubicación		
Mar 8 2008 	Un petit hotel bon marché et très bien placé à Londres		
Feb 1 2008 	hotel correcto		
Dec 13 2007 	Muy practico recomendable.		
