Mar 16 2008 	Like a Scene from National Lampoon's European Vacation	This place is THE reality check for budget travelers in London. The Dollar to Pound exchange rate is abysmal, so if you are too proud to bunk down in a hostel, be prepared to budget more or you will end up in some place just like this.The room was cramped, like a closet with a bed shoved in, with worn carpeting and an unrelenting musty smell. The private bath is squeezed into what must have been the coat closet, so compact that while sitting on the toilet I could rest one elbow in the sink and the other against the shower wall. We slept fine the first night, being jetlagged from our first day after a transcontinental flight, but the second night was a doozy due to the constant noise from Victoria Station trains running right below our window. On the plus side, this place is an easy walk from Victoria Station....Do not confuse this hotel with the Alexander House Hotel in Sussex, a 4-star luxury hotel and spa. At the time of my review, the tripadvisor site links to THEIR photo page instead, which is infinitely more glamorous.	
Jan 4 2007 	Hotel cancelled my reservation put us in the street	I made a Hotel reservation on November 16 at Alexander House to stay for one night on December 31 due to flight layover from Rome. When I arrived, the attendant told me that my reservation was canceled. I found myself, my 8 year old daughter and my wife out in the streets on a cold and rainy night looking for a vacant room in an unfamiliar city in New Year's Eve. I've never experienced this kind of treatment in any country I've traveled to. Perhaps, in the country of origin of this hotel's manager it is a custom not to honor your business deals.	
May 9 2005	BRING BUG SPRAY!!!!	This hotel ia horid. When we first walked in the door it was horrible the loby was nasty that smelled like waste. The desk people stole my credit card and put charges on it. The room had no room exept for the bed and the bathroom had a showerhead exept it was in the wall and a drain. The toliet didn't work so if we had to go to the bathroom we had to go by the nearby resturant. The curtains had stains on them. We found a rat behind the bed and the heater didn't work. We found a leech in our bead along with a cockrach.	
Mar 22 2005	CHEAP AND CENTRAL	Cheap accommodation within a stone's throw of Victoria Station. Very friendly helpful staff although not all proficient in English. Street is quiet and rooms just adequate. But it is budget accommodation and you get what you pay for. I have stayed twice in 2004 and would use again.	
Oct 29 2004	Not what I booked	Booked on-line. I wanted a cheap overnight stopover with full breakfast. As many others have found, the room I booked was not in the building I was shown to (the owner owns 5 or 6 buildings adjoining one another). If they made clear that this was the case and that alternative accomodation i.e. not a specific room in a specific hotel, the feeling of unease might not occur. The single room became a three bed (single and a bunk) room with bathroom. I fortunately wasn't spending much time in the room as it was TINY, dark and very cramped. It also backed onto a railway line that was fairly busy and the rooms are not exactly soundproofed. A basic clour TV, kettle and tea/coffee are available in rooms. The bed linen was clean as was the room although spartan. The full breakfast consisted of fruit cordial, instant coffee, cereal and toast with a selection of jams. Hardly a full breakfast but adequate - why not just say continental as that is closer to the truth? All in all not a disaster, but not accurate in terms of the advertising blurb.	
Apr 3 2004	we were cheated	Me &amp; my husband just came back from our vacation in london. We booked one nite stay in a double basic room and 4 nites stay in the double en-suite room. I stood in disbelief when I saw the the double basic room. It was right at the top of the bldg. It was so small &amp; cramped. There was not enough space to even put our bags in. The room had been partitioned with wood, therefore we could hear everybody else' conversation &amp; bedroom lambada the whole nite. I thought the nightmare would end when we were to move to the double en-suite room. I was very dissapointed as the room had a double decker bed &amp; a single bed. There was barely enough space to move about. And the room was facing the railway tracks &amp; it gets quite noisy. Overall, I would never go there again &amp; my advice to anybody is you gotta spend a bit more if you wanna have a comfortable vacation.	
Mar 17 2004	they deceived us	we booked a doble room in that hotel. We got there and got told that there is one reception for five hotels, and that they also share the rooms, so we were to stay in a different one, but that it was exactly the same. After booking nearly a month before a double room, they only had a single, and WHAT A SINGLE! There was a bed, not a 90cms even, and nearly no room for a person to move. It was dirty, full of dust. They said there was another bed, but where were us to put it? under the other??? and then, the worst, the famous other bed was like two pillows put together, not even 1 meter large! Every others were full, but luckily we found a good one in belgrave street, well comunicated and clean; 40 pounds double room ensuit,breakfast included. Room on saturday was little bit eeeeehhhh not too good because they were full, but sunday's was very good. MAine, or so, I think was the name good luck!	
Mar 15 2004	be careful! don't book it	having reserved one month before they took us to another hotel they owed and tried to make us both sleep in an individual one, same price. but that's not all! what an individual. Dirty, unclean, and tiny! no way 2 people could sleep there and I swear I've been camping all my life and even slept in bus stations and so but...	
Oct 5 2003	lesson learned	Reserved a double room @ Alexander House Hotel on Hugh Street in advance and after arriving in London found out the owners owned 5 Hotels on Hugh Street and we were shown to a different hotel than the one we reserved. The BB's are clean(looked at 3 of them) but very small, dark, and cramped spaces. If you are looking for low cost (50 pounds per night) and don't mind cramped, dark spaces, this is the place. We found another place to stay for our trip on the day we arrived. I will do beter research and ask more pertinent questions the next time I reserve.Austin,Texas	
Aug 23 2003	At these prices expect hostel-like accommodations	If you pay as little as 40 pounds for a bed in London, don't expect much! The B&amp;B's on Hugh Street are all very similar; same layouts and basement dining rooms where breakfast is served. The basement rooms were musty and not always well vacuumed. Reminded me of a hostel. If you don't mind that, then perhaps this block of hotels will suit you fine.	
Aug 23 2003	Nos dejaron en la calle		
Oct 7 2009 	a Londra perlo shopping		
Apr 15 2009 	piccolo e comodo		
