	Location is ok - but only just	Having been totally shocked by the hotel prices in central London, we came across the Bermondsey Square hotel in Superbreaks for a decent price. The hotel is very modern and stylish. The breakfast, which was included in our price was very good although the drinks in the bar were pricey, but you find that in most hotels. I must admit I had a preconception of what Bermondsey would be like but I was totally wrong and the area was trendy with cafes and shops.The only downside to this hotel is its location in respect to the tube stations, it was about a 10 minute walk which was fine for us as the weather was dry but I wouldnt have liked to walk it in the rain. It also meant that we stayed out for the whole day rather than returning to the hotel to get changed for the evening. However being on the Northern line meant it was handy for Kings Cross and as we were going to the O2, it was handy for the Jubilee line as well. Other reviews have commented that there are regular bus services but we arent familiar with bus routes in London so always use the tube. I would stay at this hotel again as for value for money, I dont think you can get much better.	
Nov 22 2009 	Lovely relaxed 	Super room (air con / heating temperature controls) &amp; the bed was so comfortable I wanted to move in &amp; live there (duvet, mattress topper). It's quiet &amp; relaxing &amp; the staff are excellent - friendly &amp; helpful, they seemed to really care if you enjoyed your stay. I had a cold &amp; didn't want to eat in the restaurant so they sent the meal up to our room (good food). Downside was a faulty shower experience - huge shower with rain shower head which shot out just one narrow jet of water! We had a lovely breakfast at the deli cafe (Del Azziz or something like that) on the corner near Sainsbury's. Will definitely stay here again. 188 bus from Wateloo stops close by. Fashion &amp; Textile Museum is just up the road.	
Nov 21 2009 	a terrific find	Was pleasantly surprised when I spent a weekend at this hotel. They do all the important things right. Room was modern, cheerful and immaculate with lovely Apple TV and free wi-fi. Breakfast was great - good quality coffee and orange juice made from real oranges. Staff were helpful, friendly and efficient throughout. I was worried that the area might be too far away from the city to be convenient. But there is a regular bus service just outside the door running to Tower Hill and Liverpool Street station. Alternatively , Borough tube station is also within five to ten minutes walking distance. So there are plenty of options for getting around. There is also a cinema just across the road from the hotel. I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel to others and hope to stay there again in the near future.	
Nov 16 2009 	Swish hotel at a good price	We booked this hotel on a great 50% off deal from Lastminute.com but before we booked I checked out TripAdvisor. As usual the comments were spot on.The room was everything you could want. Very up-to-date and high quality. Only 1 negative. Our air conditioning was a little noisy (not really a problem in November as we could turn it off to sleep) but as you cannot open the windows this may be an issue in the warmer months.We didn't eat in the hotel as our 'deal' was room only. The breakfast is a little expensive at around £10 for the buffet when you only really wanted a coffee and croissant or cereal. But do not despair as the Del Aziz restaurant/deli is only 50 metres away and serves excellent coffee and wonderful croissants. As others have said the hotel is about 15 minutes away from the tube but we always felt safe walking from the station. Borough is on the Northern Line and therefore connects directly with Euston.All in all an excellent choice.	
Oct 26 2009	Good hotel modern nice rooms service needs some work!	Hi all,I have just come back from a great weekend in London for a company event with my husband. His company arranged everything.The hotel itself is great, modern, clean, funky, cool decor. The rooms are fantastic.However we had some problems at breakfast, first morning waited 15 minutes to be asked if we wanted coffee not even any food. Second morning was a nightmare, ordered and waited 40 minutes for it to come. When it did, the food was not good. Unfortunately it spoiled a very nice experience.The location is not what we would chose, going to London again. A little too far out to enjoy the normal things like shopping and ended up spending a lot of money on taxi's as the tube station was a good 15 - 20 minute walk.Having said that I did enjoy the hotel and would recomend it. But just be prepared to walk to the tube and no high heels when you go out.	
Oct 23 2009 	Comfortable and friendly	We enjoyed our two nights here. This improving area of London was a real surprise. Lots of converted warehouses - now flats and offices, restaurants and shops. Great atmosphere. Hotel was delightful. Agree about the shower - a bit disappointing. Air conditioning very quiet.Breakfast very good and freshly prepared. All staff very welcoming. Just a bit of a trek to tube station, but there are buses!	
Oct 20 2009 	A very good business hotel in an up and coming location	I have to say that I was very impressed, both with the hotel and its location. Not so long ago you wouldn't have walked around this area in the dark or unaccompanied. Now there is huge investment going into the area between London Bridge and Bermondsey Square which has led to an explosion of trendy gastro-pubs, cocktail bars, chic interior funishing stores and young professionals with money to spend.Of course, the cool location only works if you don't mind walking a fair bit from the nearest underground station (London Bridge) or taking on the expense of a taxi. My feeling is that the hotel is more suitable for business people than visiting tourists that want to be in the heart of things.The hotel itself is modern and functionable. There is no warmth or cosiness. On the ground floor there is a small reception desk and most of the space is taken over by a very nice bar and restaurant. Whilst I was impressed by the professionalism of the staff overall I did get the feeling (when ordering room service) that they do not cope with overload very well (which with only 2 people on at any one time could be three requests). Once again the functional set-up is something that business people would feel happier with rather than those looking for a hotel experience.I stayed in a deluxe room which had a real feeling of space because of the room design and large windows. Inside was a loudspeaker that you could plug your iphone or ipod into, an Apple TV, free wifi and a fridge with fresh milk and water. The bathroom was also very nice.To add to the convenience aspect of the hotel is the fact that a Sainsburys local is 30 yards away, a very nice bar 10 yards, a Morroccan restaurant (great mezze but very poor tagine) 20 yards and the hotel restaurant does take away as well.In short, Bermondsey Square Hotel isn't great and probably wouldn't even be worth considering if it was in a less attractive location. However, it is very good at being a very comfortable business hotel and if it can keep its pricing sensible it should do very well.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great weekend at Bermondsey Square	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend break in mid October. The main purpose being to see a couple of shows and visit a couple of exhibitions and generally see London.The hotel was very good. As other reviewers have said it is a bout a 12-15 minute walk to London Bridge station although we also used Borough station because it was a direct link to St Pancras. It was easy to find whichever wat we used. So in our view, although not in the city it was a situated perfectly to get out and about.The hotel itself is very new and we found it to be extremely clean and well decorated. I won't repeat here what others have adequetly said about its styling etc but we thought it was very well appointed. Check in was easy and took only a couple of minutes the reception staff being very pleasant.The room itself (516) was well maintained and clean if a little on the small side. The fresh milk was welcome although we ran out after the second night and had to ask for it to be replaced. Also I thought they were a bit stingy with the teabags only giving us 2 per night.The included breakfast was excellent and we always had more that enough, the staff were always on hand to ensure that we wanted for nothing.We used the bar on all three nights and I thought it was expensive (£3.50ish a pint) but I was in London and other bars in the area charged about the same. The only gripe here was that they didn't have any Bacardi on a rather poor substitute.We also ate in the restaurant one night and I thought the food was very good indeed. My better half thought £10 for a salad was expensive.Check out was also quick and easy and they were more than willing to look after our bags whilst we had a last morning looking around London.All in all we enjoyed our stay in this hotel more than our previous 4 visits to London and we will probably stay here again.	
Oct 16 2009 	A Truely Creative Hotel	Me and my twin colleague had a wonderful time at Bermondsey Square!There is a convenient Sainburys right opposite for sandwiches on the way to work, and a cocktail bar next dooe!The hotel staff were brilliant and friendly, and very welcoming!We would definitely visit again! Here is a gif I made; showing what fin we had!..http://gifup.com/data/gifs/3/4/5/3452e8b170.gifSarah	
Oct 15 2009 	Really impressive hotel hidden gem!	The hotel is in the up and coming Bermondsey area. We got off the tube at London bridge and it takes approx 10-15 mins to walk (if you know exactly which streets to walk along - which we didn't hence we got a bit lost on the way!) So you have to walk along St.Thomas Street then turn right onto Bermondsey Street.The entrance to the hotel is quite impressive, I loved the swing chair in the reception area! We checked in without delay and were delighted with the rooms. The beds were very comfortable, plenty of lamps, minibar with complimentary milk and water, tea/coffee facilities, Apple TV and bright and spacious shower room, the large shower is more of a drizzle than a shower though!As mentined in the previouse review you certainly get peace and quiet in the rooms, I only heard the faint closing of doors a couple of times.There's definetely a retro feel to the hotel. There's huge posters on the walls on the stairway - although there's no carpet from the 2nd floor up!The reception staff were friendly and helpful.The restaurant is again impressive, we had full breakfast included - and it was absolutely delicious!! It's almost impossible to eat what's on offer there's so much choice -at fisrt I thought we were only getting the buffet so got cereal, croissant, fruit juice, toast and coffee - then the waitress informed us we had a cooked breakfast included - so half a stone heavier due to the lush breakfast!! It's by far the best full English breakfast I've ever had!The main street to the right of the hotel has plenty of shops, some pubs and restaurants - even a Greggs for the pastie lover! Sainsburys opposite is open until 11pm.Bermondsey Street is a pleasant area, a few more pubs and restaurants - although they are slightly more expensive than the ones on the main street.It is definetely an up and coming area and I'm really pleased with my stay here - next time I come to London I will stay here again without hesitation ( if I can get the same deal again!)	
Oct 14 2009 	This place is a real treat!	The Good: Brand-new establishment that is almost painfully cool and retro. Actually it is not even finished yet! Stairwells un-wallpapered and some un-carpeted. Anyway a lot of effort and thought has been put into the general decor and fixtures. This is a luxurious, funky boutique hotel without a doubt; not your usual old Victorial house converted to a B&amp;B, which you will find on most street corners of London. If you are looking for history this is not the place to come. In general, I can't really imagine even the most discering of guests being disappointed with the &quot;B2&quot; as it is called. The 'basic' rooms are suitable for solo travellers or couples, not for those with children as they are too small. The bed is dreamily comfortable and the thick, absorbent carpets laying on all the surfaces of the hotel ensure a sound nights' sleep without the usual offensive sounds of stomping footsteps, suitcases being dragged around and maids' trolley clattering about, assailing the ear. The breakfast is TO DIE FOR. The food is in such abundance that it's ridiculous. There's the cereals, croissants, coffee/tea, fruit, toast, pastries, juices, ham &amp; cheese; followed by a good old English fry-up: bacon, eggs, toms, beans, mushrooms, fried bread, sausage, black pudding and fried taties. (or, if you fancy it, kippers, salmon, 'Arnold Bennett' omelettes etc.) It's an unbelieavable belly-buster. Make room for it. The location is in the alledged Creative District. Bermondsey Street is actually quite a cool up-and-coming area which makes for interesting strolls around. For dinner, I would highly recommend The Woolpack (!). We had rump steak, a cheese/bacon burger and fish &amp; chips and they were all superbly tasty and reasonably priced (about £15 per head inc wine.)The bad: Only 3 wee gripes that are not even gripes really. The shower was really irritating, trying too hard to be cool here I thought. Weirdly huge shower head with ludicrously weak water pressure apart from one central shoot of water that was more powerful than the others and so much hotter than the rest of the water that it scalded you. You'll know what I mean if you go there. And, it's just slightly too far from the nearest tube stations (Borough &amp; London Bridge.) Approx 10-15 mins walk, which is fine during the day but at night when you're tired and your feet are aching it's a pain in the neck. Also, the overwhelming majority of the staff are foreigners and not all of them speak English so communicating can be a bit of a challenge.All in all tho, it's a wonderful place with a Sainsbury's conveniently located right on the doors which is very handy. Plus there's a fridge in the room. Can't rave about it enough. STAY HERE!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	A surprise awaits	Excellent hotel with friendly, very helpful staff. Lots of different nationalities using it.Meals teriffic.Rooms unussually designed and very quiet.Close to Tower Bridge.Only issue would be - they have to get better at taking breakfast orders. Got it wrong many times e.g no sausage or beans - got sausage and beans but no mushrooms or black pudding - that sort of thing. Maybe important to some people.Also no feedback forms. Why?But, I highly recommend.	
Oct 4 2009 	Icing on the cake	Clean and smart, with excellent staff. A little walk from London bridge but still great up and coming location. Use London bridge tube station and not bermondsey.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent choice	This is an excellent hotel. The location is a bit off the beaten track, but the area is interesting to explore and it's not much of a distance to mainline and tube stations. Reception staff are friendly and helpful. The public areas of the hotel are furnished with funky modern furniture, the rooms are also well furnished. The bathroom had an amazing shower and nice range of toiletries. The view over London was amazing, bed was large and comfortable, and the room quiet. I'd definitely stay again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Appauling service	Booked two weeks in advance. Called ahead two days before checking in to ask that a baby cot would be set up for us and be ready when we arrived. We were assured it would be.When we arrived there was no baby cot. Front desk didn't know anything about it but promised to set one up immediately. A member of staff turned up in our room with a cot which turned out to be broken (it was a very cheap one, we could see). We said not to worry as we would go out for a late dinner and stay out for at least an hour. Staff promised to fix the problem.When returning more than two hours later, nothing at all had happened. Front desk assured us somebody was in the room fixing the cot, but nobody was. What followed was 45 minutes of us calling reception and staff going and coming and assuring us the situation would be dealt with. But it wasn't. We just sat there and waited. Even a junior manager came by the room.It was very late by now and eventually we gave up. My wife made emergency arrangements with family in London who had a spare single bed and a travel cot. I stayed alone in the room at Bermondsey and my wife left the hotel. Next afternoon the cot situation was finally fixed. I had a chat with the junior manager who was very embarrassed and told me how unsatisfactory it was that my wife had to leave the hotel very late in the evening with our baby. He had in fact witnessed this and I could only agree with him. I hadn't seen my wife and child in almost two weeks and was looking forward to spending the night with them. The remainder of the stay was uneventful although I should note that there was no remote for the TV in our room - and the TV does not work without one. We again called reception who came up with one that didn't work. The member of staff promised to sort it out. He just needed to &quot;talk to someone who was out at the moment.&quot; We never heard from staff again and consequently had no TV.After two nights at the Bermondsey we went to check out. Now, I consider us pretty easy going and tolerant people, but when the hotel presented me with a bill for the full rate that was originally given (around 200 GBP) I was surprised, to say the least. The junior manager whom we'd had contact with the previous days was standing a few feet away and had definitely seen us. But it wasn't till I started complaining and he was approached by the receptionist that he actually came to talk to us. I then had a rlengthy discussion with the junior manager. To start with he failed to offer any discount but kept on telling us how bad the hotel service had been. I was astonished that I had to stand there and argue for a discount. The hotel had not produced what was agreed upon. Not on the first, second or third attempt. I told him that it is of course very human to make mistakes, but when you make them, you do your best to compensate the customer so that everybody walks away happy. He then offered a 12 pounds discount. 12 pounds! I was actually offended. My wife and child hadn't even stayed there one of the two nights and had to leave the hotel late evening to find alternative accommodation. I actually felt embarrassed on behalf of the hotel. I had to stand at reception and haggle with them when it was so obvious that they should have offered a hefty discount without me having to ask for it. Repeatedly. Eventually the junior manager gave us a 24 pounds discount and made me write down my phone number and email. The general manager would then get in touch with us. &quot;My only aim is to make you happy so that you come back,&quot; the junior manager said. He had a very peculiar way of accomplishing this mission. We never heard anything from the general manager.I have stayed in a lot of hotels in my time. The Bermondsey Square wins, hands down, the prize for most insultingly bad service.	
Oct 1 2009 	Fantastic! Definately returning when next in London	I was concerned the hotel would be abit out the way from the centre of London, but it was a 10 minute walk from Borough tube station and a short tube ride to Camden, Leister Square etc. The hotel itself is a newish build and it very clean and modern. The rooms were a good size (i was in a standard double) and the staff on the main desk were abslutely fantastic, finding details for directions, tubes, buses, and ringing taxi's when needed. If you didnt want to venture too far from the hotel on an evening, the hotel overlooks a cinema called Shortwave which has an ajoining cafe and a morrocan style restaurant which serves amazing food and shisha to smoke in the outdoor seating area (although avoid friday &amp; saturday nights as it's a popular restaurant for locals and the service leaves alot to be desired) Alfies, the restuarant inside the hotel is good, the food not too expensive but very tasty. Overall, its a beautiful and friendly hotel, i would recommend to anyone ! (Directions from Kings Cross Railway station : hop on the northern line heading towards morden and get off at borough station - once out of borough station, cross the road immediately infront of the tube station exit using the crossing - from here, turn left and use the crossing here. there are a few benches infront of you - keep walking past the benches up the road, where you will see Tesco's on your right - continue up this road for about 5/10 minutes and the Bermondsey Square Hotel is on the right hand side.) Enjoy !	
Sep 27 2009 	Lush hotel trendy location - wonderful!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for one night as a treat, even though we live in London.. The hotel is about a ten minute stroll from London Bridge, close to Borough Market (and a fifteen minute bus ride from Covent Garden!). I was fairly unfamiliar with this area, and expected the hotel to be in the middle of an industrial or run down estate but was very pleasantly surprised to find it on street full of beautiful warehouse apartment renovations, funky pubs, cafes and shops. The hotel itself is situated within a cute square (hence the name) which houses a cinema, a couple of restaurants and a handy Sainsburys. The staff were really friendly on check in, and we think that they upgraded us as the room we were allocated was much more luxurious than in the pictures when we booked our stay. The room itself was lovely - with a massive cosy cloud-like bed (perfect for diving onto!) and was absolutely immaculate, as if we were the first ever guests. The view was fantastic - from our sixth floor window we could see the Eye and the Gherkin. The room was equipped with a very swanky Mac tv/monitor with a selection of channels and internet access as well as general hotel information and tips on the area. The shower was spacious, with a HUGE showerhead built into the ceiling, and big enough for two.. we each had a bathrobe each to snuggle into afterwards. Also provided were tea making facilities and a tiny bottle of milk in the bedside mini-fridge. Whilst staying at the hotel we each enjoyed a treatment in the hotel's beauty rooms - I had the most wonderful back, neck and shoulder massage and my girlfriend indulged with a full body massage, it was lovely and relaxing. In short, we completely recommend this hotel and would love to come back!	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent Value	A lovely hotel, staff very friendly, breakfast was excellent. Rooms, clean, modern, excellent shower. Location is a bit of a walk from London Bridge station (Bermondsey station is even further) but only about 15 mins, local pubs on Bermondsey street very nice, The Woolpack has a great hidden beer garden, .Bermondsey street its self is full of boutique style shops and were fortunate enough to catch the local annual street festival, so lots of stalls,events and food with a farmer market, not what we expected in Bermondsey. The local business community are really making an effort to create a good buzz about the place so hats off to them.I would recommend this hotel and we will use this it again!	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Hotel in Great Location	Picked here as it was offering a great rate near to Old Billingsgate. Hotel is trendy and nicely laid out. I was fortunate to be upgraded to one of the loft rooms, it was fantastic with a great balcony and it was warm enough to sit out and enjoy the sunshine!. The room was well thought out and was very stylish. The nice thing was how quiet the room was once you closed the terrace doors, so i had a great nights sleep in a wonderful large bed.Dinner was good and the staff very friendly and helpful even though I only arrived to the restaurant just after 10pm, there was no rushing me and several other tables arrived after me.	
Sep 18 2009 	Classy and cool	We loved our London weekend break at the Bermondsey Square Hotel.Our room was immaculately clean and bright; the decor and furnishing were classy and thoughtful. Great to have fresh milk in the fridge for tea/coffee - nice touch!The staff were very pleasant and efficient. We enjoyed our breakfast in Alfie's, the in-house restaurant - great to have very good coffee and croissants - rare in hotels. We had lunch there too - equally goodWe enjoyed being in the area - lots of very good eateries and cultural venues. Think of The Village, NYC ....We'll be back.Malcolm &amp; Ann. Oxford, UK	
Sep 14 2009 	top hotel..top breakfasts..staff were 100% will visit again..	great hotel ..good location..staff 100% good breakfasts..will use this hotel again ,without a doubt..	
Sep 14 2009 	Tries hard but could do better	We stayed here on a Saturday evening. We stayed in a superior room which, admittedly is well kitted out, although they have fitted A LOT into essentially quite a small room. Apple Monitor in room is funky, although many of the internet links (.e.: to local eateries/directions/room service menu etc..) did not work. Shower was excellent and as others have mentionned, fresh milk in the room was gladly appreciated!Now onto the administration/reception issues. This hotel tries hard but fails on this area. Bar requests took ages and were confused - it was only 2 drinks! Breakfast was as disorganised, frustratingly so, as it should be so straightforward. And the breakfast menu?? Was very diificult to understand...Frustrating this hotel, as it promises a trendy, unique stay and looks wise works really well, but certainly needs some focus on its admin/reception/bar areas and for that reason WOULD NOT recommend at present for any corporate stays as you would be frustrated.	
Sep 10 2009 	comfortable and quirky	We loved the room being different in lay out to the usual hotel room. The bed was very comfortable. The shower room was spacious with a good flow of water and the toiletries were good. The location, although a bit out of the way, was good for the South Bank and all it has to offer with a good bus service to Waterloo Bridge. The staff were friendly. Would definitely stay again providing there was a good deal to compensate for the location	
Sep 2 2009 	Amazing Hotel Amazing service Best Hotel in London	I stayed here for one night with my boyfriend, after we had a mix up at another hotel, they kindly agreed to put us here for dinner bed and breakfast. I am from London and so had my doubts that a hotel in this area would be any good. But my fears were soon settled. This hotel is amazing, it is cool, clean, chic, trendy and all round the best place to stay if you like cool, chic and tendy. Me and my partner are a wanna be rock n roll couple, and this hotel certainly makes you feel like a rock star. The loby is something from the 60's, but in a modern, trendy way, the rooms are uber cool and not just clean, but spotless. The rain drench showers in the bedrooms are wonderful and the beds are one's who may never want to leave. Then the service, nothing was too much troube, polite and friendly. The food in the restaurant was lovely and so was the mornings breakfast. I love how it is in a sqaure, which means can sit out and feels like you are somewhere else. We had a fantastic evening from seeing Ian Brown in the hotel loby (see said was rock n roll) to watching a movie being filmed outside. Only thing I would say is that this is a hotel for young people as there is a lot of noise, and it is in the middle of nowhere, so not good for tourists, but if want to party in style, come here. I am planing on going back next month!	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel	We recently stayed for 1 night at the Bermondsey with a special summer deal. The hotel is very modern, rooms are well equipped and the staff extremely friendly - nothing was too much trouble for them. We did have trouble reaching the hotel but afterwards found a bus which stopped directly opposite the hotel which had good links to the rest of London. We ate lunch in the hotel restaurant - the food was very good, well presented and very good value for money. We would certainly stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend it.	
Sep 1 2009 	Not as advertised on Lastminute.com but still had a lovely stay.	We are Londoners, but just wanted to treat ourselves over the Bank Holiday weekend with a night out and a stay in a nice hotel. We booked via lastminute.com and got a £109 night stay with breakfast included. This was advertised as a superior room with a city view. We didn't get this. We were on the second floor overlooking the square and I don't think we had a superior room, just the standard, as we didn't seem to have the ipod dock etc. just the apple TV. To be fair though, I didn't complain that we had not got what we'd booked, as I didn't want the fuss and all the staff we encountered were polite and helpful, so they may have upgraded us if we'd have complained. I just didn't want the hassle. Also, having read other reviews, I was looking forward to the little touches such as bottled water and fresh milk in the fridge. There was no milk and only one drinking glass, but again didn't complain about this, as by the time I realised it was too late to go and ask for milk. Apart from these small issues, we had a lovely stay. The room was bright and modern with separate office area and nice shower in bathroom. The lobby and bar/restaurant are modern and attractive and we had a lovely breakfast in Alfie's the following morning. I had porridge with cream and sultanas followed by a heap of scrambled egg wrapped in smoke salmon. OH had items from buffett and a cooked breakfast. Was delicious, but not sure I'd pay their prices if not included in rate (would of cost us £36). Bed was comfortable, but did wake up twice with other guests slamming doors. Overall though, we had a good stay and the area is nice. Close enough to London Bridge and some nice little shops and pubs around.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice and modern hotel	We stayed 5 nights in this hotel. We were 4 couples and we booked via internet about one month and a half in advance for 95 pounds a room,breakfast included.The hotel is situated in SouthBank area, near Tower Bridge.The area is very nice, there are a lot of very good restaurant and shops, many people around at all time. Definitely a very nice place in London where to stay.The hotel is quite new, very very nice. Rooms not too big (few space for clothes) but modern and well furnished.The included breakafst was a kind of continental breakfast with milk, cereals, toast, fruites, cakes and so on.. enough for people like us used to Italian breakfast. We just had some little problem with the waiters who tried to let us pay for the breakfast 2 mornings.. and we had to spend some time to explain that the breakfast was included in our room price. But this was the only &quot;incovenience&quot;.The hotel is nice, the rooms very comfortable and the location also is great. About 1 km from Tube station, otherwise you have 3/4 buses lines you could use.I would really recommend this hotel and especially I would recommend to live Southbank Area.	
Aug 10 2009 	A great little place to stay	My partner and I spent 2 nights at this hotel (31st Jul/1st Aug 09). We were both so impressed with the hotel, the food at 'Alfie's Restaurant (on-site) and the staff that we will definately make a return visit.The attitude of hotel staff always plays a big part in your stay at any hotel. I have to say that nothing seemed too much trouble for the staff at this hotel - particularly the Reception staff. We were upgraded on our second night to the most stunning loft suite We stayed in the Lily suite on the corner of the hotel - it had a large wrap-around balcony with a hammock and seating area! I have to stay that the Superior room we were in on our first night was very comfortable indeed and great value for a London hotel. It was spotless too. The shower in both rooms was fantastic! Also, the fresh milk in the rooms is a nice touch.The weather was dreadful on our second night and it was great not to have to leave the hotel to find a nice restaurant and bar in the cold and wet. We had everything we wanted at the hotel. Also a Deli opposite the hotel and a great little 'arty' cinema.We will definately be making a return visit.	
Aug 8 2009 	Ideal base for London	This place is great. Ten minute walk to London Bridge tube and surrounded by great restaurants and bars. The hotel tself is comfortable with friendly staff and the area is ideal after a day around London, nicely chilled out with plenty of options for food and drink. It's an easy walk to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London. The best complement I can play the place is that I am in London quite often for business and will definitely stay here for business trips from now on, even though normally my work involves being around Westminster. The extra travel daily is worth it to come back to such a nice place.	
Aug 8 2009 	Funky and cool few gripes but overall good!	Thank you for your automated email regarding my stay at the Bermondsey Sq hotel. I did enjoy my visit there and would stay again. My only gripes were the level of noise in the corridor from housekeeping staff quite early in the morning, they were calling to each other from one end to the other. Additionally the apple screen and remote did not work in my room. When I mentioned this to front desk they assured me that it would be fixed; however, when I returned later that evening, it had not been fixed.These are small issues, in general the stay was good and the price not bad for London.	
Aug 8 2009 	The first place I will re-book when in London	Booked this as a Lastminute deal the day before a trip to London. Got a great rate but was also pleased to read other positive reviews. The hotel is now my hotel of choice for my regular trips - and I have recommended it to several colleagues already.It's set in a quiet location in a great neighbourhood. Apparently, Bermondsey Square has a lively antiques market on Fridays - right outside the hotel. From the moment I arrived staff were friendly, professional and courteous, which, unfortunately, you can't say for many hotels in the UK!Everything is finished to a very high standard. Although the room was not huge it was tastefully decorated and very comfortable - terrific bed! Apple TV was quite funky and the shower room (no bath) was very well appointed.Breakfast at Alfie's was superb.Fortunately for me this hotel is only 15 minutes walk from my London office, so if I can continue to get competitive rates I will carry on staying here for as long as I can.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nothing short of perfect!	Everything from the food to the staff to the decor was exceptional! The staff went above and beyond to help us find our way around London and made sure we felt right at home, if not better than at home! Would highly recommend and would definitely stay again!	
Aug 5 2009 	Absolutely amazing and I can't wait to go back!	I realize that this is very belated, but better late than never. I was a guest at Bermondsey Square for a week in May. I was there for work with my co-workers and we were doing an event for the City of Athens at Potters Fields. To make a long story short, we were on a 5-city tour and travelling for over a month staying at various hotels. Bermondsey Square was by far the best hotel we stayed at!!!! Not only was the hotel amazing, but the staff was truly amazing as well. You made our stay so comfortable and we really appreciate that! We are repeating the tour again in 2010 in London and I’m really hoping our location will be close to your hotel. If not, I will definitely look into staying there on my next visit to London. Thanks again!!!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Very Nice Hotel and great service	I had a very pleasant stay in the very nice hotel with good restaurant. I booked two additional dates for that reason. I have to stay in the city very often for business reasons and The bermondsey Square Hotel is a very nice well managed ambiance for me to chill after work.	
Aug 4 2009 	modern fab 	we loved the hotel! such friendly service - always an unexpected bonus these days. fantastic location and modern bedroom with great facilities. good value and nice atmosphere, we will definitely return :-)	
Aug 4 2009 	What a find !	Slick, clean, modern and totally functional, with a great location and price.You cannot get any better than this in London.	
Aug 2 2009 	Avoid this place like the plague	This hotel is in a fairly good location. It's also brand new so the décor is good and the rooms clean. However if you value your sleep or even just want a relaxing stay this is not the place to go. The hotel has a function room directly below the bedrooms. When we stayed there was a constant thumping of dance music reverberating throughout our room until 2am. It was a nightmare. We complained 3 times and were fobbed off and informed it would end 'soon'. The noise ruined the whole of the next day as we were both exhausted. I'm 6 months pregnant and the stay at this hotel was meant to be a relaxing break. If you have any sense at all you would give this place a wide berth and stay elsewhere.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel	We have stayed here twice this year(once the weekend it had just opened), and earlier this month. Both times we have had brilliant service, excellent value for money and love the bedrooms and the facilities they provide. We love the shower and bathrooms, the comfy beds, the i pod dock and speaker, the apple mac (though may bring own mouse next time), the fridge NOT stocked with expensive alcohol but with fresh milk and water, the fact that you can pop over the square and buy your own anything, the bar, and breakfast the next morning, the fact that we could take our dog if we wanted to, the Bermondsey area and it's rejuvination. Love it and will be back again soon.	
Jul 23 2009 	Tip Top - loved it	I stayed there this week for two days. Hotel is lovely and one of the best I've stayed in when on business - as I found it more inviting than alot and much more modern in it's set out of the room. It's 10 mins walk max to London Bridge and plenty of little bars and delis nearby in the area.This will be my place to stay from now on!	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent modern hotel in upcoming area	We stayed here on a recent business trip to London and being in the mature demographic can say that it is not just suitable for younger travellers!Hotel is new, very well appointed rooms with everything you need. Location not far from the fast developing London Bridge area, and a multinational staff who went out of their way to be helpful, including sorting out and arranging a refund for a misunderstood extra night's stay (our fault). They have best rates on their own website.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Stay	This is a newly opened hotel (April), and we highly recommend it! Only stayed for one night in Lily suite, but it was superb, with a balcony and hammock! (Plus WiFi, Ipod docking sound system, computer.) We found the staff to be helpful and keen to please, as you'd hope. Breakfast was good, everyone in the restaurant around us was very complimentary too, about both the food and hotel.We walked to and from the hotel to the local tube station, it wasn't a problem at all not being central.(We didn't notice a safe in the room.)	
Jul 7 2009 	Great hotel - loved it!	I loved this hotel. My sister and I stayed in 2 separate rooms. The location was fine - very close to London Bridge. Reception were welcoming. The room was lovely - the bed was amazingly comfortable and everything felt/looked new and clean. The bathroom was lovely and the shower was gorgeous. The TV worked perfectly and I asked for a keyboard which arrived immediately and worked perfectly. I loved having fresh milk for my tea/coffee rather than the usual UHT small containers and the complementary water in the fridge was perfect. My sister and I visited the spa and was very impressed with Daisy who did a lovely job of our nails and was managing things on her own. I thought it was also excellent value for money and would definitely recommend.	
Jul 1 2009 	I love this hotel!	We've stayed here twice now, and I would really recommend this hotel. The rooms are a really good size, modern and stylish. Love the Mac TV! The staff are really friendly. The restaurant is quite a find, always busy with locals, which is a good sign. We had delicious breakfast and lunch here, as well as drinks in the funky bar (again, busy with locals). It's an easy 10 minute walk to Borough Market, and the nearby Bermondsey St has cute daytime cafes.	
Jun 18 2009 	Funky place probably better for younger-ish travellers	Stayed here for 4 nights during the week and thought it was great. The walk from the tube is about 15 minutes, which was daunting as I had a big suitcase with me, but I walked the whole way and it was completely fine! The hotel itself I really liked, very design conscious and a nice bar to hang out in. The rooms are very comfortable, not huge but good for doing work in (i.e. very quiet, good desk and light). What I liked best was the neighbourhood. I have been to London many times, so it was great to be in a non touristy area, which is very trendy and up and coming. Lots of great restaurants around to discover.I would definately recommend this to my friends, but not to my parents (due to the young-ish nature of the neighbourhood and the walk to the tube)	
Jun 1 2009 	Stylish Room uneven service poor location for London newbies	When I made my reservation I messed up and asked for a twin room rather than one with a single double bed. I emailed them to correct this and received confirmation that they will move me. Nevertheless when I arrived I was still given the twin room, with no option to move to another room (they were full that day). I was given the option to move to another room for the following night, or have the staff combine the beds somehow. Wanting to avoid the hassle of moving I chose the latter option.Imagine my shock when we came back to our room on the second day and found all our luggage missing! Turns out the overzealous staff moved us (without my permission!) to another room. Sure it was convenient, but it would have been nice to have been warned beforehand so we could pack our unmentionables and secure any valuables. And this was the second time they messed up a request...Upon check-in they will pre-authorize the total room charge on your credit card, plus £50 per day as a deposit, so make sure you have enough credit for both the room and shopping. Not being a credit card expert I was a confused about the difference between a pre-authorization and an actual charge, and a bit put-open by the deposit. So inquired about it at the front desk twice. The second time the explanation was sprinkled with &quot;like I told you yesterday&quot;s, which combined with the expression on her face made me feel like I was trying their patience and/or being talked down to. Not very friendly.The room is stylish but is on the small side -- hardly any space to lay down 3 pieces of luggage and still be able to comfortably walk around. The twin room had no closet, and just one half-sized drawer. The bathroom has soap and shampoo, but no toothbrush/toothpaste, so bring your own. It had the requisite tiny cooler, but no closet, iron/ironing board, or safe. The twin room was missing the iPod dock (not that I really cared). The in-room free wi-fi was unreliable -- downloading a 500kB PDF can be instantaneous one time, or take minutes the next. About a third to half of the web pages I load time out. I didn't even bother with VOIP.The restaurant downstairs has a medicore breakfast buffet. Dinner was better but expensive -- expect typical hotel restaurant prices -- and the quality varied. I ordered the same dish on two separate occasions and though the basic ingredient was still there the style of preparation was different enough that it looked like another dish. Lastly, they automatically add a %12.5 service charge, and their wi-fi didn't work. Overall I wouldn't eat there unless (like us) you're too tired to go restaurant-hunting elsewhere, which leads us to...Location: Besides a grocery the surrounding area is devoid of anything interesting. No nearby restaurants, shops, or bars, just rows of dreary tenements. There is an antique market on Friday mornings that is practically on the hotel doorstep, which is worth maybe a 15 minute look.As for distance from the tourist spots: I knew I was in trouble when the airport shuttle driver asked me why I chose a hotel that was so far away (which also meant he dropped me off last). The web site and other reviews made it sound like it wasn't that far, but the nearest Tube stations are a 15+ minute walk away, which is a big deal when you're coming home tired and hungry and it's cold and raining. With some exceptions -- notably the Tower of London -- most tourist spots are over an hour away, and that's with a lot of walking.Like me you can take the bus if you don't like hoofing it, but if you’re not a London or UK native figuring out the bus system takes effort that you don't want to spend on your vacation, especially if you need to research routes on the unreliable in-room wi-fi. Taking the bus is also a little nerve-wracking since routes and bus stop locations can change (we encountered both of these cases). Also the bus is sloooow. Not just because of traffic, but also the endless series of traffic lights that are on seemingly every intersection.Overall Bermondsey Square is a decent hotel, especially if you never need to interact with the front desk. But I still wouldn’t recommend it because of its inconvenient location.One final note: since our flight was leaving late we asked the front desk to hold our bags so we can check out then shop around. They ended storing our bags (along with a bunch of others) in a rest room! So my final impression of the hotel was an image of a toilet bowl surrounded with luggage...	
May 28 2009 	Smart and Chic hotel with great friendly staff	Arrived very late, but no problems, even managed to get drinks from Alfie's bar. We loved the decor, bedrooms are really nice, they are laid out diagonally - including the bathroom. We had a twin and a double, beds were exceptionally comfy (but then we had just done a 15hr day.....so maybe we were biased:))Breakfast was great, its made to order (rather than a hot buffet) so allow a bit more time for service, Good fresh coffee (I'm particular about my coffee), fresh orange juice too. Staff were really friendly, lots of diverse nationalities but all spoke excellent English especially the Lithuanian barmaid, who had only been in the UK for 7 months! Planning to use on a regular basis as it is near the City of London for our overseas clients when visiting our office.	
May 26 2009 	Fab and Funky	Arrived late to helpful staff ,clean hotel and lovely room. Room is airconditioned and temperature set at constant temp of 19 degreeswhich was too warm for my husband and couldn't be changed (though to be fair we didnt ask at reception) but I loved it . We were lent a keyboard to connect to internet but it wouldnt work despite 3 changes, however staff really tried to help us and found out the information required and we felt it was a 'blip' On the whole a very enjoyable experience and we would definately go back	
May 19 2009 	I would return there	I’ve been in Bermonday Square Hotel in May 2009. I was on a leisure travel with my wife.I’ve been positively impressed by the hotel. It is well furnished, very clean and calm. The atmosphere is very relaxing there.The bath is very clean and there is a big shower.The area is completely restored and all buildings on the square have been recently built, it’s near the Tower Bridge.If you want to find a negative aspect to this hotel it may be the distance to the underground station, it is quite far.Definitely I would return there.	
May 18 2009 	Stylish hotel in a trendy area	This is a sytlish hotel with high spec rooms at a good price. 15 mins walk from London Bridge it is in the up and coming Bermondsey Square area with a cluster of restaurants, bars and shops on its doorstep. Friendly staff are there to help.	
May 17 2009 	Nice boutique hotel	We'd originally booked a Secret hotel through Lastminute.com (you don't find out the hotel until you've booked it), which turned out to be the Hilton London Tower Bridge on Tooley Street. On the day of our check-in, there was flooding at Tooley Street which I think meant all guests at that hotel had to be relocated. We were offered another Hilton, at Docklands, which wasn't so centrally located and had mixed reviews. Luckily we hadn't left for London, so had some time to think about it. We asked for an alternative, and they offered us Bermondsey Square instead.The hotel is about 15 minutes walk from London Bridge tube and rail station. It's slightly closer to the smaller Borough tube station (Northern Line). Alternatively you can jump on the C10 bus from outside Borough which will take you right past the hotel in about 3 minutes. The hotel is on Bermondsey Square, which seems like an interesting area which has had a lot of regeneration. There is an antiques market on Friday morning in the square. There are some interesting shops/restaurants up Bermondsey Street (which is also your most direct route to London Bridge). Also not too far to Borough Market for good selection of fruit/veg/fish/meat/cheese etc.The hotel has some interesting decor, and has obviously had a lot of input from some graphic designers. The rooms are a normal size, split into diagonal areas. A desk area occupies part of the room, the bathroom has one corner (walk in shower, not a bath), and the bed occupies the rest. There's a small fridge which just had milk and water in it, but I think they were complementary rather than minibar items you'd be charged for. The room also has an Apple tv in the corner. On the first night I couldn't figure out how to work it, but I asked at reception the next day, and got instructions which were fine. You can also get a wireless keyboard to use for free internet access through the tv. We had problems getting that to work (faulty hardware I think), and one of the receptionists came up and fixed it for us (the very helpful and friendly Shynah (sp?) ). If you do use the computer, you'll either need to work out how to enlarge the text, or sit on the edge of the bed closest the screen to read it properly. It's not just internet access, you can also access other applications through it. As well as tv/radio channels, play your own dvds or cds, or plug in your own mp3 player. The hotel doesn't have a gym, but has a deal with 37 Degrees, which is right next to City Hall (15 mins walk). I got a voucher from the hotel for free use of the gym. The gym is good, although the girl on reception there might have been more helpful. It was fairly quiet on Saturday morning. Decent amount of equipment, although all the treadmills were out of use for some reason. Plenty other cardio, resistance and weights. Also they had a couple rooms for classes, a pool, sauna, steamroom, solarium, boxing ring (!), health/beauty salon, pilates suite, etc. The hotel has a restaurant/bar called Alfie's on the ground floor, which seemed popular. We only ate there once, for breakfast. Buffet breakfast (cereals, breads, cheese, yoghurt, fruit etc) was £9.99, and a full cooked breakfast, including porridge (plus one other option I forget) was £15.99. There were also individual cooked breakfast items you could order individually for around £5 - £7, like kippers, scrambled eggs, etc. Overall it was pretty good, and good service. If I had the chance I'd be happy to stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Smart and stylish hotel	Very comfortable room in peaceful location. A trendy bar and restaurant downstairs and located at the end of Bermondsey Street - which has a number of nice pubs, restaurants and shops. The tube is a +/- 10-15 minute walk away, so some travellers may prefer a hotel more centrally located. But it was fine for me. My room also had a great view of the London skyline!	
May 5 2009 	Brand new stylish hotel with very friendly helpful staff	We stayed here for one night prior to the London Marathon and were very pleased. Our room was very nice and we particularly enjoyed the TV!!! We travelled with our young daughter and a travel cot was provided by the hotel. Our bathroom only had a shower which was fine even for our 12 month old, but just something to be aware of if you are travelling with little ones and might want a bath. Great location too - close to London Bridge.	
May 3 2009 	Lovely hotel modern chic attentive staff	Having recently stayed at this hotel with my husband and 2 children it ticked all of our boxes. Fabulous trendy rooms, ideal for 2 kids as interconnecting. Modern and chic. Great location, staff really helpful and lovely. Breakfast yummy. Would definitely recommend it.	
May 12 2009 	Elegante y Tranquilo		
