Jul 12 2008 	A good overall experience	We stayed at the Abba Queen's Gate based on the recommendation of a travel agent. We were happy with the overall experience. We stayed in a Quad room, which worked well for myself, my husband and our 2 teenagers. The location could have been a bit more convenient, but it was a beautiful, quiet neighborhood. We had to walk at least a few blocks to get to just about anything - a few restaurants and the tube included. Breakfast, which was included, was very good.	
Mar 7 2008 	4* hotel?? Don't think so - more like 25!	Booked a room at Abba Queen's Gate hotel for the weekend, quite pleased with how it looked on their website &amp; photographs of the rooms. I understand they use images of their best rooms only, but it being a 4 * hotel, I thought that you might actually get something in that style. Their regular rates for a standard room is £175 / night... The check-in staff was not overly friendly, but not unfriendly either - the place looks great from the outside and is in a really good location, so didn't think much of the customer service bit. We were really looking forward to a lovely weekend at a 'fancy hotel' - I had planned to do some reading in the 'light and airy' room they showed on the website. Got up to the room on the 3rd floor - and it was a shoebox with a tiny window quite high up. Overlooking a roof and some drains. The nets were all ripped and had holes in them, which is ok for say a 2* hotel - and the room in general looked a bit shabby (some fresh paint perhaps? bed base without rips in the fabric? sorry if this sound whiney, but you kind of expect a tiiiny bit more for the star rating that they supposedly have!). It had a massive radiator about 10cm from the bed, steaming hot, and the room was so dark, gloomy and claustrophobic that the 'relaxing' weekend that we had been looking forward to... well don't want to be dramatic and say it was ruined, because it wasn't, but didn't spend any more time than absolutely necessary in the room! I know London isn't exactly known for their good hotels, but like I said, we thought the star rating actually meant something. I would definately not stay at this place again - and the room rate is obviously a complete rip-off! It's more functional than a relaxing place - probably great if you are just travelling through London and just need a place to crash, but then why not get a 3 * hotel and pay less for the same 'luxuries'?	
Feb 25 2008 	Lovely character hotel.	Our family, 2 adults and 2 children 16 and 13 stayed at the abba queensgate for 5 nights during the school february hols. Good location in Kensington right next to the national history museum. Fifteen minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station - very good selection of shops around the station - excellent for breakfast. My only gripe about the hotel is the fifteen pound charge for breakfast - not really worth it. Our room was a quad, good comfy beds - minibar, safe ( £2 per day ) - excellent selection of toiletries and lovely towels.Overall a fab stay, would stay here again.	
Feb 8 2008	A very good stay	HyI went to the Abba Hotel for one night on feb,6 in a Tripple room with my daugther and my soon, both adult teenager.The room was as expected with 3 beds, clean and big. Bathroom with all what we need and all was working , very clean , hot water .Breakfast with some flavour of spain, very large buffet top quality, and fresh fruit and fresh meal. Everything for starting a good day.Can be booked without problem.And team helpfull, and cool. Payment done by voucher.No issue.Advice take the tube until &quot;Gloucester Road &quot; better as Kesingston.Marcel , From Switzerland	
Jan 11 2008 	We had a decent stay here	Our family of 6 stayed here in summer 06 for 2 nights during a weekend trip to London. We stayed shortly before or just as the hotel was changing names. We had two triple rooms with no A/C but fans were provided. We had no issues with our rooms as they were large and comfy (enough). Breakfast was extra and was pricey. We arrived at breakfast about 10 minutes after start time yet most things were not yet laid out for the guests. It seemed quite disorganized. Checkout was slow and the staff had trouble figuring out how to run our credit card (or something). I think we also paid for bag storage (per bag fee) which would have been complimentary in other similarly priced hotels. Not the best...next time we stayed at the Langham which was awesome!	
Dec 29 2007 	You Have To Be DesparateTo Stay Atthaee Abba	We arrived thinking we were staying at a 4 star hotel. What a joke on us! Staff totally unwelcoming. Corridor and room had a horrible smell. Still it was only one night. THEN found you had to pay £2,00 to use the room safe (first time ever come across this). The noise when trying to sleep was terrible. Footsteps thundering around our room, banging and loud talking. There didn't seem to be any sound insulation for our room at all. Couldn't believe a 4 star hotel in London didn't have a dining room for dinner - only for breakfast (another £15.00 per head - we waited to get to a local cafe).I wouldn't go to this hotel again if it had the last bed in London - I would rather sleep in Hyde Park. Who issued 4 stars?	
Dec 29 2007 	Non Smoking Regulations !	As we entered the hotels reception area the smell of stale cigarette smoke was dreadful. We had two rooms, both large and satisfactory except they smelt worse than the reception area. We complained, were given alternative rooms but they smelt the same as the first rooms. Beds were huge and comfortable, good linen and good bathroom facilities. The breakfast was lovely, with a large choice. It is such a shame that the hotel lets its self down. The soft furnishing and the walls need a thorough cleaning to rid the place of the ashtray aroma. We only stayed one night so we decided to put up with it.I think this a problem not envisaged when the no smoking ban started as people obviously disregard it and carry on lighting up in hotel bedrooms. Before the ban you could ask for a non-smoking room.	
Nov 14 2007 	Comfortable and Convenient	I found the hotel to be very convenient for the Royal Albert Hall and Royal College of Music. Reception staff were polite and helpful; advising on time for a taxi the following morning and then booking one. Our room was large, clean and very well equipped. The only slight gripe I would have was that the lighting was rather dim and the bed a bit uncomfortable. I would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Interesting stay!	The hotel is really convenient to Imperial College and both Gloucester and South Kensington tube stations. My room was small but secluded and comfortable. Both air conditioning and heat were available. As other reviews stated in general the staff were not very friendly, but that wasn't really a problem for me. My room had no drawer space of any kind which was odd. I had to leave whatever I couldn't hang in the suitcase, which then took up space in the small room. The only wake-up is through reception, which is a bit of a pain if you need to sleep in later than planned and have to ask them to call again later. Overall, I was quite happy at the Abba Queen's Gate and would recommend it.	
Sep 8 2007	The Worst Hotel In London!!	Never go to the abba queens gate, one of the worst in London!!The staff never smiled which didn't bother me too much but what really annoyed me was how slow they were, 15-20 minutes to check in. You can leave your bags if you arrive early which we did thinking they would take them to our room once it had been cleaned, no, they had them stashed in a cupboard, good job we were on the bottom floor!If you end up staying here refuse a ground floor room, we had views of 4 walls and a dripping drainpipes outside the window.The room was small and they has stuffed a single bed in the corner to make a triple.The carpet was disgusting, the floor in the bathroom was cheap laminate, the tv didn't work, the front bath cover had been chipped several times and the toilet handle didn't work properly. The AC blew out perfume when on, which gave us a headache. You have to pay for internet access even though it said it was included when I booked, most hotels provide this facility for free.The only decent thing is that its a 10 minute walk to the tube from the hotel.This Hotel is operating at 1-2 stars, its no where near 4 stars.Try HILTONS hotels, they are much cleaner and are very specious. Internet access is free!	
Aug 5 2007 	Expected so much more	Expected so much more considering I paid for an &quot;executive&quot; room, whatever they class that to be. Not impressed at all. Staff were very rude, never made an effort to make me feel welcome or comfortable and to top it off there's nothing like being woke up by drilling and hammering at 9am. In short..... avoid.	
Jul 7 2007 	Great location very clean staff could smle more . . .	My wife and I just stayed here for 8 nights and the place grew on me. After spending the night before at a Hyatt near the Boston Airport, the Queens Gate seemed like an immense letdown at first. The room was very small; there was no top sheet for the twin beds; there is no air conditioning (the room was hot and muggy in spite of cool London weather). But there were some good points: it was very clean, the bathroom was huge; the shower was great; the toiletries were good; there was a convenient safe in the room. The bathroom fixtures were very nice and there were plenty of clean towels, although they were stingy with washcloths. The &quot;new&quot; desk staff were friendly; the &quot;senior&quot; staff appeared unfriendly, almost hostile. We had to wonder if this was because we were Americans? The breakfast is much too expensive &amp; there are lots of bakeries and restaurants in the area to substitute. The location is very pleasant with lots of embassies in the neighborhood and it is near the Gloucester Road tube stop. By the end of the week, I liked our little room. The cleaning staff was very pleasant. All in all, I would stay here again and think it is a good value in an expensive city.	
Apr 2 2007 	Oh Dear!!!!	Well this is a tough call!! Cant put our finger on it but echo other views re language/cultural issues re staff. We were at a conference at the imperial college so location was the best possible but the hotel just 'dodgy'. Our first room (1011) was shabby and huge with the tiniest double bed despite the fact I had requested a large bed or twin as I had had recent surgery. it was cold with electric wall mounted dated heaters BUT the bathroom was great!! The classic issue of a hairdryer (old) but no adjacent mirror and a huge fireplace! Sort of out of place. Main gripe was when I queried the bed they said that was 'the biggest in the hotel'. When I asked for a mirrior they brought an extension lead which was ancient and didnt work and looked dangerous. AND there is NOT 24 hour room service - just a few sarnies and pizzas available untill 11pm. No room service breakfast either - just in dining room at £15 a go!!! On way out on day 2 saw inside another room with a huge bed - confronted staff and were moved to room 3 with a huge bed!!!!! I dont think the staff are essentially to blame - I think it is a training/cultural issue. We obviously were not told the truth but then I dont think they knew what we were talking about!! SO ok for a night or two but not much more than that!CANT be 4 star!!!	
Mar 3 2007	Good Price and Good Stay	We stayed 9 days at the Abba Queen's Hotel at Queen's Gate, London.The room was small but very clean.The bathroom was quite large, clean and with shampoo, shower gel, body cloth, tooth paste, new towels every day (even if it is bad for the environment).The breakfast was good for London (choice of continental and international breakfast) from 7 am to 10 am the weekdays and 8 am to 11 am the week-ends.The staff was nice and helpflu.The hotel is located walking distance to Hyde Park, major bus lines (70, 360 ...) which is very convinient if we want to visit Harrod's, Piccadily Circus, Oxfors Street ....The street is a parallel to Gloucester Road where you can find the tube, tesco, Paul Bakery and good restaurant (such as Little India, Di Marino, a nice thai restaurant).My husband and I were satisfied with the hotel and very satisfied with the location. We even succeed to obtain a good discount :-0).Good trip to London	
Feb 25 2007	Loved it!	This hotel was lovely!. Easy access to the tube, clean room (albeit small bedroom, but the bath was large), terrific breakfast, the staff was most accommodating. We would stay here again and will recommend it! Six nights @ under $800 -- hard to beat that!	
Feb 24 2007	loved the hotel	My husband and I stayed at the ABBA hotel Queensgate.I had no problems at all. The hotel was well situated and the staff were polite the room was lovely everything worked perfectly and we had a very pleasent stay.	
Feb 21 2007	Could do better...	The location is what saves the Abba Queen's Gate Hotel. It is very well located for tourist London. Its in a very quiet area of Kensington, about 5 minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube; from the tube its just 6 stops into Piccadilly Circus; and from Heathrow is about 30 minutes direct.. It is minutes from the Natural History, Science and Victoria &amp; Albert museums. Location isn't everything though. The hotel is actually several Edwardian houses knocked through. This means that there are a few twists and turns in the corridors. When we opened the door to our 1st floor room, we were faced with a set of stairs! At the top of the stairs was the smallest bathroom I've ever seen. No shelving for toiletries, and next day, the cleaning staff put my toiletries, including my toothbrush, on the floor under the sink, which didn't impress. The shower was tiny, the water only got warm after about 10 minutes running, [the water never actually got hot], however the water pressure was great. The bedroom was down a couple more steps, and was very large, bright and airy. It also had several damp patches on the ceiling. Facilities included tv with cable [mostly pay per view movies], small kettle [tea/coffee sachets were replaced daily] trouser press and a digital safe. The twin beds were very comfortable, but a bit too close together. [We are not a couple, just friends]. Breakfast was included in our rate, and I have to say that for hotel food, it was above excellent. Plentiful, fresh and varied [from fried bacon +sausage to cured meats, choice of cereals, fruits, yoghurt, tea, various coffees, juices etc]. Well done for that. The staff were very friendly and welcoming, and the hotel itself was spotless. If we had complained about the bathroom, we might have been moved to a different room, but although it was tiny, it did function...and lets face it, we didn't come to London to lie round a hotel room all day.We were there for 4 nights, and it sufficed for us, and I'd definitely go back to it again. It is not a hotel that would be suitable for a person that had difficulty with stairs. There is a lift in the lobby, but there is a lot of internal stairs and there didn't seem to be any wheelchair access into the hotel. All in all, a 2/5 [purely because of the bathroom]	
Nov 28 2006 	Great location and value	Just returned from spending the Thanksgiving holiday in London with the family. We found the Queensgate on Londonnights.com as we were looking for a &quot;quad&quot; room that would handle a family of 4. Our price of about 500 pounds for three nights was a good deal and the quad room though average in amenities worked out just fine. The Abba is in a great location - about 10 minute walk to the underground in Kensington/Chelsea. We had no trouble finding breakfast and groceries near the Glocester Road tube entrance. The hotel does have wireless internet now in the rooms at a 10 pound per day rate and it worked flawlessly. The staff though friendly did appear at times to be a little confused by requests (language issues) but tried to help when they could. The &quot;bar&quot; in the lobby is ok for a quick glass of wine but really is more of an extension of the small reception area. We had no problems with hot water in our unit but there were definite problems in other rooms in the hotel. Our room was in a very unusual location causing a crazy up stairs then down stairs then up a spiral staircase to the room. But overall - it worked out for us.	
Oct 28 2006	Great price location and breakfast but has problems	There are pros and cons with this place. Pros: price, accomodations, location, breakfast. Cons: problems on the 5th floor, no AC, bad internet, small lobby, amateurish management. The Pros: price was 75 pounds a double, 90 pounds a triple. Triple room was 20 x 20 feet with a 6x4 separate bath. Three single beds, firm. Clean and reasonably furnished in a European way. TV, one chair, safe, fridge, desk and one drawer. Big closet, but few hangers (bring some). An iron is available if you ask. I'd say it is American 3 stars at best (American rooms are larger, and have more drawers). It is located in a super Kensington neighborhood; two blocks from Kensington Park/Hyde Park (lovely walk). The neighborhood is safe. It has three colleges and three museums across the street, plus some embassies nearby. Decent resturants and shops on Glouchester Street (best restuarant is Jakkobs, best pub is Queens Arms). Glouchester Road tube stop is four blocks aways, which connects directly to Heathrow (4 pound ride), and any point in London. Buffet breakfast is good: eggs, sausage, pastries, yogurt, breads, fruit, cheese, meat, cereal, juice and coffee/tea. Above average compared to most USA hotel breakfasts. It comes with the room. Problems: the 5th floor apparently does not have hot water, and is low on water pressure. Two of our party stayed there and were moved to better rooms (which they did, but it makes you wonder why they were put there). The building is actually three Edwardian houses which are connected. This makes for some twisted corridors and occaisionally some small rooms (one double was a 12 x 14). Asingle, typically European (slow and small) elevator. The lack of an AC system is not really a big deal in London, where the temperature rarely gets above 80. But I would look elsewhere in the middle of the summer, as the front part of the building has street noise when you open the windows. The wireless internet in the room is spotty. The one internet terminal on the bottom floor had a disfunctional mouse. The lobby is small, about 10 x 15, which makes it difficult to meet people or sit for a drink (few did). Most importatnnly, the management is poorly led and trained. For example, they promised to fix the fifth floor plumbing, but never did (I do not think they can unless the building is overhauled). Computerized financial tasks seem beyond them. One of our party used an American phone card from their room for international calls. Rather than charge a connection call for calls (~2 pounds), they charged an international phone rate, saying the card was not one they accepted (their argument did not make sense, but they eventually agreed to the lower rate of 2 pounds per call). There is a shortage of offical information (e.g. no hotel directories in the room, no sign saying that the internet station costs money), so this leads to confusion and some occaisonal surprise charges (e.g. there is charge for the room safe). This can be solved by asking questions of the front desk ahead of time, but the talent of the front desk team is often mixed. Every employee seemed new and untrained (granted the hotel changed hands about two months before we arrived, but this was suprising). Would I stay there again? Yes, as long as it was not in the summer, and it was on floors 1-4. For what you get, you cannot beat the price or location.	
Oct 28 2006 	Difficult Transition	My husband and I stayed at the the Abba Queensgate (formerly the Queensgate Concorde) for our honeymoon. I booked our stay almost 9 months out.At check in, there were no problems, and we were upgraded to a townhouse room. The bathroom was amazing - possibly the best shower I've ever had. The decor in the room was rather piecemeal. The carpet, linens, curtains, and wall color didn't match at all. The vaulted ceilings with carvings and scroll work were lovely, but offset by the ugly 80's chandelier.The hotel had just changed from a Concorde hotel to an Abba hotel when we arrived. Apparently the transition was difficult. Their new pay-movie system didn't seem to be working. Most of the staff seemed new, and for the first time ever, I encountered hotel staff who couldn't tell me where to eat, or give me directions. Because the hotel is in Chelsea, it seemed like it was in a more affluent area, and the staff weren't familiar with it. We asked for a restaurant that would offer live music where we could eat and dance. We received suggestions for a Morroccan restaurant with belly dancers, and a night club.The 'bar' in the hotel is tiny, and didn't have an actual bartender. Breakfast was pleasant - ours was included in our rate. I had hoped more people would mingle, but that didn't seem to be the case. With food as expensive as it is in London, though, I wasn't going to complain about ambience, as long as I didn't have to pay for a meal.The location is good - close to the tube, and once you find them, some decent hole-in-the-wall type restaurants. It took us three days to figure out where to eat, due to lack of info from hotel staff.Would I stay there again? Possibly, if I got the same great rate. Would I stay there for my honeymoon again? Probably not. The photos on the website are somewhat misleading. Unless they've cleaned and redone/remodeled since June of 2006, it seemed somewhat worn down. The biggest improvement that it needs is training for the staff. The just seemed lost and confused by our questions.Not bad for what I paid (USD$149/night), but that seemed fair AFTER the room upgrade. But London standards though, I think it was a pretty decent rate.A decent base of operation if you're on foot lots - we got Oyster cards and walked or took the tube everywhere. Until staff gets used to everything, I would suggest coming very well informed about Chelsea eating establishments and how to get places.Hotel website: ----	
Sep 22 2006 	Not Luxury be warned!	Travelling with my husband to London on business / pleasure, we were first given a room with 2 single beds! Luckily we asked before we saw the room if it was a double bed. To be fair they did switch us to a room with a double bed without too much trouble. Room was on the 5th floor (507), quite cramped, no view at all (think it was same room as &quot;dismal&quot; reviewers stayed in....).The website says there is &quot;in-room&quot; internet access, this is not the case. The is a tiny &quot;business&quot; corner in the lobby which is the only place it works, they even note this in the info pack in the room. Also, you have to pay $10 for 24 hours. My husband was up to about midnight finishing up work in the lobby. This is not &quot;an ideal base for business and leisure travellers&quot; as they claim on their website.The shower stopped working completely on our second day, no water at all and they sent up some useless plumber with a wrench who didn't fix it so we left unwashed.This hotel might be good for a 1 night stay if you just need a bed and don't need any facilities that a normal &quot;luxury&quot; hotel would offer (i.e fully working shower). This place is defintiely NOT luxury and I wouldn't advise it for any business travellers.	
Aug 25 2006 	Dismal	Booked in for four nights and managed to last for two... First room had no water from the shower and the view from the window was only a high balustrade with a bit of daylight above, second was so intesely smoke filled it was impossible to breathe and final room dreary, smelled and poor bed but it was the only one left so we had no choice. Finally moved out when the water was cut off in the whole of the hotel (hot, cold, toilets everything) from mid-day until at least 8.00pm (the time we left).Embarrasingly poor.	
Aug 14 2006	Good for the price!	I stayed at Abba Queensgate with my colleagues for a week on business. I did some research on the internet and read all the good reviews about it before I booked. We got a very good price on the internet and the rooms were small but clean. The location was very nice and quiet. The only drawback was the lack of air conditioning--which was tolerable because the days we were there were not that hot. The bathroom was clean and decent, one of our colleagues even got a bathtub in his room even we booked single rooms. The elevator was broken on the day we left so we had to drag the luggages down. We liked the neighborhood and the south kensington station was only a 7 minute walk away. Oh, the breakfast was pretty decent, unlike some other reviews I read. I would recommend this place for business travlers.	
Jul 25 2006	A Little gem	This little hotel tries to distinguish itself by offering very nice rooms and very helpful service at an excellent price. It lacks air-conditioning for now, but I was told it will be installed in the winter of 2006. The rooms are clean and well-appointed. The concierge staff are very knowledgable and helpful. The location is excellent; close to undergound and bus routes and an easy walk to Hyde Park. It took less than 40 minutes to get there from Heathrow on the undergound. I recommend it as being above average value;	
Jul 23 2006 	a nice place for a short stay	I stayed for a single night on a business trip to London. I was worried about what I have read on the reviews. When I arrived, the hotel was nearly full so the reception staff upgraded my room automatically to an executive room. The room was very clean, plenty of space, lots of clean towels, TV, minibar, wireless internet etc. . It had similar facilities to all other hotels in the same class, and a very good location (close to the Natural History Museum). It presented an excellent value for money especially in London at this time of the year.	
Jul 17 2006	Enjoyable Stay	We were a party of 3 staying for 4 nights (June 27-July 1, 2006) in room 205 which faced the main street, Queensgate.The area is situated in a lovely part of London (Kensington) just a few minutes walk from Hyde Park and other attractions. We even walked to Harrods on morning (about 25 minutes at a casual pace). Taxis frequently pass the front of the hotel or you can walk up to the main street at Hyde Park.Upon early arrival our room was not ready so we checked our bags (1 pound per bag) and went for a walk. At 2:00 we registered and went to our room, which we found spacious and clean. The bathroom was large with tub and shower and plenty of hot water. Fresh towels and toiletries were replaced daily. We slept with our windows open at night and were not bothered by excessive traffic noise.  The staff at the hotel is mostly from other European countries. They were pleasant and helpful in all of our contacts. Andina, who worked at the front desk, was especially personable and assisted us on several occasions with questions about places to eat, taxi service etc. A buffet breakfast was included in the price of our room and was quite lovely. Every morning there was fresh fruit, yogurt, rolls, cold cereals, coffee and tea, juices and other items to make for a more than adequate breakfast for us. The staff in the dining area was also helpful, friendly and upbeat. There is also a lounge area across from reception with a television, newspapers and available snacks, tea, coffee or drinks.There are a number of good restaurants available just a few minutes walk on Gloucester Road. I had read several reviews before booking the Abba Queens Gate where complaints were made about breakfast, staff, the elevator not working etc. I found none of these problems and can state we enjoyed our stay and would definitely consider returning to the Abba Queens Gate on a future visit to London.	
Jun 16 2006	Great Location	My daughter and I stayed 2 nites in London. A little far from the Underground but we American's are not used to walking everywhere. Very close to Kensington Park, Royal Albert Hall and V &amp; A Museum. Very Nice Street. Hotel staff were nice and the accomodations were great for the price. Small rooms but it is London. Nice Bath.	
Jun 2 2006	Convenient. Close to buses and not far from the Tube	We were visiting the Chelsea Flower Show and stayed here for two nights and were very satisfied with the hotel. Easy to find with a map from Gloucester Road tube station [about 5-10 minutes away]. The hotel is directly opposite Imperial College if you're without a map. The staff were friendly and helpful and although drinks could be purchased through room service there was no bar. Our double room was on the 2nd floor and was clean and more than adequate with a good bathroom. There was no double glazing but there was little noise from the street below so slept well on a comfortable bed.The continental buffet breakfast was included in our room rate [£9 if not] which was more than adequate for a couple of mornings but if required a full English breakfast was available for an additional £6. We would stay here again as it is in a good location and is within walking distance of Kensington High Street with a bus stop across the road outside Imperial College taking you to South Ken or outside the hotel in the direction of Portobello Road market.	
May 24 2006	Great location for the albert hall!	We stayed in the Queens Gate Concorde for just one night last week, and had a great time. The hotel is in a very quiet residential street, perfectly situated for a visit to The Albert Hall, Natural History Museum ( it's literally on the corner of the road) or shopping in Knightsbridge or Kensington High Street.The room wasn't anything to get excited about, but was clean and pretty comfortable. Breakfast was simple, possibly a bit boring if you were staying for several days, but fine for a bite to eat to set you up for the day ( fresh coffee, juice, mini croissants and jam, cereal or yoghurt- ort you coulf uograde to a full english breakfast, but at £15 per head we felt it was too expensive)The facade of the hotel is lovely, and reception is quite smart and plush. If you're looking for luxurious /boutique style rooms this might not be the hotel for you, but if you are seeking a fairly inexpensive, clean comfortable hotel in a good, quiet location I woudl happily recommend it!If you are planning a night out at the albert hall it's the perfect location!	
May 11 2006	sooo quiet... and in London!!!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 days, and it was really great. We had booked ahead through &quot;London Nights&quot; and I think it was around 80 pounds per night, for a double. I will tell you that if you would appreciate a quiet, and I do mean quiet room... ask for room 208. It is a twin room, but the beds were comfy. Open the huge window for fresh air (not for the view- not much of one). Plenty of room. The bathroom was nice, and excellent water pressure, Hot water in abundance! The staff was great, especially Glory and Manda I think her name was. There was another nice girl too. I'm sorry I forgot her name. Now, a couple things I'd improve. The breakfast is the same as a cheap motel continental breakfast in the USA - definitely nothing to write home about. I asked the hostess if I could order porridge. She said: &quot; what's porridge?&quot; I said to myself, &quot;Okay, isnt this England? Dont they say porridge for oatmeal?&quot; So, yes....breakfast needs some work at the Queen's Gate. All in all, though, my wife and I loved our stay there. Also, just arounf the corner is the Gloucester Arms Pub. Two meals for 7.99 pounds, great beer. Try John Smith xtra Smooth, or Fuler's London Pride on tap. Hyde Park is just 5-10 minutes away. Queensway 15 minutes. Knotting Hill 20. And youre also close to Chelsea....Kings Road, etc..Stay at the Queen's Gate Concorde.LKL	
May 4 2006	Good Hotel	We were two adults and our eightyear old son in one room and that was ok, causeit was quite a big room. When you looked out the window you saw a small &quot;backyard&quot;,or what you should call it. Well, not the best view, but it turned out that there whereabsolutely no noise of any kind, so we slept like logs all nights.Breakfast was... well, it was something.There were a lot of doors goin' through to get to our room, but we havn't had anyproblems opening doors before so....	
Apr 26 2006	OK Hotel-There is Better in the Same Area	I chose this hotel based on the reviews on this website, but I would not stay here again. First of all, we took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station which was great. A 30 minute ride, but expensive! It cost almost $50 for an adult and $25 for a child for a 30 minute round-trip train ride?! There really is no other alternative. The only problem was getting to the Tube station. It was across the street, but beware-you will have to deal with ALOT of stairs down to the Tube station and then when you get to your Tube stop, you have to go up ALOT of stairs. Could be difficult if you have alot of luggage and/or it's bulky. It was a bit difficult for us (13 year old daughter and myself), but we did manage. I would recommend (depending on the time of day) a taxi ride to your hotel form Victoria Station. We took a taxi for the return trip and it cost 10 pounds which was a bargain compared to dragging our luggage up/down stairs, but the taxi ride was at 9:00 am on a Saturday morning with light traffic. We had to end up taking a taxi from the Gloucester tube station to the hotel since it was not obvious in wich direction we needed to go to the hotel and no one on the street could help. Once there, we were able to check in early and get a room (at 11:00 am). The room was #219 at the end of a hallway (and after going through 3 doors along the hallway and up our own personal 3 steps!). Once inside the room was quite small, there was NOWHERE to put your luggage. The closet didn't have enough hangars and it was HOT. The heat was on and it was very, very hot. We finally figured out how to turn it off, but it would come on periodically by itself. We opened the window, but with no breeze, it was difficult to cool the room down. BE WARNED-they don't have A/C and I would never stay in the summer!The bathroom was HUGE. I couldn't believe it, you could have had 3 people in there getting ready and not bump into them! The shower was excellent, good water pressure very hot water. There were only 4 TV stations, and one was news all day, and the other was videos all day, so that got quite boring in the evening.Being that we were at the end of the hallway, we heard NO noise from neighbors, just a little creaking from above, but very quiet. Since our room faced the street, we had quite a bit of street traffic noise that would get very loud (remember, the window was WIDE open since it was so hot). But the noise wasn't anything you couldn't sleep through.The area is absolutely quiet and very nice. It is a very upscale area and a nice walk to the Gloucester tube station. Bit of a hike to the Sainsbury's on Cromwell, we ended up taking a taxi back. I'm glad we didn't stay on Cromwell Road, that was a VERY busy street. Queen's Gate Road is really a residential area, so not as much traffic. The breakfast sucked. If it's not included in your room rate, don't pay for it. You get two varieties of cereal (corn flakes and rice krispies), orange wedges and canned pineapple. Also, you get mini croissants that were hard as a rock sometimes and mini chocolate croissants. And when I say mini, I mean mini. They also had very small assorted breads, and a yoghurt and that's it. It can get very boring after the second day and not too appetizing. There is a good cafe near the Tube and a Starbucks, better off there than the hotel. London is very expensive, a few nights we bought sandwiches from Sainsburys' and ready-made salads. Three nights we went to a great Italian place near the South Kensington tube stop, Pieroni's. Be careful when they give you your bill though, they overcharged us the first night and I had to go back to get a refund of 20 pounds (that's almost $41US!).It's a 10 minute walk to Harrod's, and there are alot of restaurants around there, but we didn't try any. We did eat at a cafe, but nothing to write about. It's also about a 10 minute walk to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park is literally one block away. We took two day tours and they were a bit expensive, but we did see alot. The only problem with the day tours is that you have to read between the lines on what they are offering. For example, one tour group had a tour called &quot;Runnymede &amp; Windsor Castle&quot; and it was a 1/2 day tour. (Runnymede is where the Magna Carta was signed). When I called to inquire, I asked if we stop in Runnymede and the answer was, &quot;You drive past it and see it.&quot; Sure enough, the brochure said, &quot;see Runnymede.&quot; Also, you only get about an hour at Windsor Castle, so I would advise to take the train and do it yourself. I would have if we had more time, but we didn't have the schedule. The trains to the &quot;country&quot; leave from Victoria Station. It would be a good idea to get train schedules if you take the Gatwick Express into Victoria Station because you'll never use Victoria Station until you return. Victoria Station and The Tube are two different things.The Jurys Kensington was on Queen's Gate at the other end of the street (closer to the Tube stop), it looked like a really nice hotel, if I went again, I would probably look into staying at that hotel. We paid about $150US per night at the Queen's Gate and that included the breakfast. It would be worth a bit more money to stay at the Jurys, especially if they have A/C!	
Apr 22 2006	I expected much more	I stayed for a weekend at the Queen's Gate Concorde last January. The location was excellent, but I can't say the same about the rooms. We had reserved an Executive Room, but the first &quot;thing&quot; they gave us was wathever you want, except an Executive Room. It wasn't clean, was really dark (as it was under the ground level, and the window looked to an interior yard) and most of the furniture was older than me. We asked for another room and, although at the begining they said the hotel was absolutly full, we saw a room on the ground floor. It was the room of &quot;the Exorcist&quot;. My boyfriend and I were really scared!!! At the end, after asking for another room, we had something that looked more like a room, at the first floor. At least it had light and was clean, but it was really small. Not at all like the Executive Rooms they show at the website. I'm sure we had a Standard Room and payed for an Executive one. I will not repeat the experience.	
Mar 30 2006	Pleasant surpise	We were pleasantly surprised. I was expecting a small room after reading all the hotel reviews but our room was large and we had more than enough space. I reserved a &quot;family room&quot;, it had one twin bed for our son and our bed was actually two twin beds pushed together which worked out great. The bathroom was large, clean and updated, the towels were HUGE. There was enough space to hange up all our clothes and coats. We were able to have coffee in our room each morning and the hair dryer worked fine. The continental breakfast was included so we did eat in each morning. It was okay, nothing to write home about. It had cold cereal, fruit, yogurt, juice, small pastries, coffee and tea. You could order a hot breakfast but you can get a hot breakfast elsewhere for less. It was easy to get to and from the hotel by either bus or tube. Hyde Park (beautiful) was just a short walk away. We didn't have any specific problems. All in all it was a good hotel for us and we would stay there again. After I download all my pictures I will post them for all to see.	
Mar 26 2006	Great room!	My husband and I stayed at the Queen's Gate Concorde at the beginning of March for our first visit to London. The room was nice and quite spacious actually! The bathroom had been newly remodeled and there was fresh linens/towels everyday. We did have a street side room, but couldn't really hear the cars or even the people above because the ceilings are so tall. The rooms were VERY warm and almost humid with no fan in the bathroom. The continental breakfast was all right. You could go some place else for cheaper or go to the grocery store. It was included in our package but if not, it was about 9 pounds for the continental breakfast and I believe like 15 pounds for the full English breakfast. It's a good 10-15 minute walk from the nearest tube station with luggage. It’s a great neighborhood but really not close to anything. The lift was broken for 2 days and was still not working the day we left. Luckily, we were only on the 2nd floor but I can't image hauling all your luggage down from the top floor!! Overall, it was a great first place to stay in London but we would probably try another neighborhood next time.Also, there is a FANTASTIC Italian Resturant nearby called Il Borgio (I think I spelt it correctly). If you go north to the next street, take a left, and then go north it's right next to the Indian Resturant on the right. The have the best white house wine, VERY romantic, and great food.	
Feb 22 2006	Watch the step in room 106!	I had booked our room only the night before our stay. When we arrived, tired and late after a long car journey - they had no record of our booking. However, I presented my email confirmations and we were (eventually) given a room, although it was not the same kind of room as I had booked. Room 106 was situated up a flight of stairs. When you opened the door, there was another flight of stairs to a closet, a bathroom and a door leading to the bedroom. I opened the door to try to find the light switch, but there wasn't one, so I stepped inside the room, in the dark. Then I went flying as there was a step (see photo) just inside the door. I really shook myself up, but I didn't complain. Perhaps I should've, as there was absolutely NO WARNING about the step and you could only turn the lights on from the bedside lights inside the room, so had to negotiate the step in the dark - difficult when you don't know it's there! Our bathroom was tiny and had only a shower - but it was very clean. I wasn't sure whether the room was smoking or non-smoking, but there was definitely a smell of smoke - even if old, stale smoke. We had no view - other than one which peered into another house... And we couldn't warm the room as we didn't know which way to turn the radiators, as the numbers had rubbed off over time. We were freezing and ended up sleeping in our socks!!Having said all that, the hotel was actually very nice - the breakfast was adequate, the staff helpful and friendly and the location ideal. Be warned though, that there are only about 3 parking places outside the hotel and if you aren't lucky enough to grab one of those, you have to park about half a mile away in a long-stay carpark. We had to pay £30 ....	
Feb 20 2006	Good value	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in October 2005. We were able to get a rate of $212 AUS per night, not including breakfast, which was good for London. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from the Gloucester Road tube and in a lovely area. Be very sure about your directions though, we walked around for an hour before we found the hotel - there are two Queensgate Streets within a block of each other!The room was a good size and clean. The bathroom had been modernised in the last few years.The only concern I had was that the housekeeping staff left our room unlocked one day while we were out. The manager did address this promptly and apologise. We were very distressed though at the thought of what could have gone missing and I felt a greater recompense should have been offered.We did try the 15 pound breakfast one morning but this is overpriced. You can get a better and healtheier breakfast at the Pret a Manager opposite the tube.Overall, would stay here again if I was able to obtain such a great price.	
Feb 8 2006	Great stay at QGC!	My partner and i stayed at Queens Gate Concorde for three nights in January and had a great stay. The only problem we had was on arrival they didn't have a note of our booking ( probably because i had changed our hotel twice after looking at tripadvisor.com reviews and changed the thursday before the sunday we arrived!) but we had our hotel voucher so there was no problem and staff were very professional about it. Our room was a perfect size, not small at all as is usual in London, it was bright, well decorated and the bathroom was nice too. Most importantly of all it was clean! The QGC is well situated very near to Natural History and Victoria &amp; Albert Museums and is a five minute walk to the tube. Breakfast was good too and staff were friendly and helpful. All in all a great stay at Queens Gate Concorde- i would definately stay here again and recommend this hotel to others travelling to London.	
Jan 18 2006	Clean and Functional	Clean and functional just about covers it. Our room was small, rather dark and a bit depressing but we didn't spend much time in it. It appeared to be clean, as was the bathroom, which was modern.The staff were helpful, the continental breakfast was adequate but not very varied - fruit juice, cereal, fruit, yoghurt - these were ok but the selection of croissants/rolls was poor.Coffee was good! Everywhere was overheated.Very good locatiion for museums and Albert hall so quite acceptable for an overnight stay although i wouldn't want to spend a week there. there is a very small lounge area with a minute bar.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Stay	I stayed at this hotel with a friend over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend (well, holiday for us Americans)and had a very nice stay. We arrived at 10:00 am...much earlier than the 2:00 check-in and were able to select a non-smoking room (we were advised that these were few and far between) and store our bags (@ $2/bag). The walk from the Gloucester Rd. tube stop was somewhat long with bags in 32F weather, but not unbearable. There were quite a few hotels VERY near the tube though (The Montana for example...which is comparably priced). I attached pictures of our room. We asked for twin beds and that was what we got...although they were pushed together, they were easily pulled apart. Linens were clean, bathroom was clean with good water pressure, ceilings were vaulted and the room didn't smell like ANYTHING...which is just what you hope for. Our room was on the first floor very near the lobby, but very quiet just the same. The heat doesn't come in until 5:00, so if it's cold, be prepared. Once it DOES come on though, it's nice and toasty. The wake-up call consisted of the TV turning on automatically and the volume increasing until you turn it off...as our remote didn't work very well, nor did the buttons on the TV, this was somewhat challenging, but we managed. And it certainly got us up. Overall, it was lovely. We didn't eat the breakfast as it wasn't inlcluded in the room rate, but the staff was pleasant and helpful and we had a comfortable stay.	
Jan 2 2006	Good Value but Beware Staff!	Just returned from a weeklong stay at this property and was overall very pleased. The QGC is good value for the money (we paid under 100 pounds a night) for London prices and is located in the sought after Kensington neighborhood with nearby Tube access and just a short walk to Harrods and other desirable shopping in Knightsbridge. Rooms are not particularly special, but the linens were crisp and inviting and and the bathrooms were clean. Our only major complaint was with a particular staff member who was overbearing and inappropriate with my friend and me, so young single women staying here, beware.	
Nov 13 2005	Great location - You should love it!	I would recommend this hotel for its location (right by Hyde Park, The Royal Albert Hall etc) and its friendly staff and large rooms. We got a room at the rear which was completely free of road noise with refitted bathroom - very cosy.An excellent place to base yourself to see London and not dread going back to your hotel afterwards.	
Sep 13 2005	Great	Loved the hotel, room very comfortable but without air conditioning. Location fantastic, staff very helpful. Would definately return there.	
Sep 11 2005	Good hotel good location	Happily recomend this hotel. It is a short 8min walk from Kensington station (from where the rest of london is close and accessible) and around 2mins from the Museum of Natural History and the Science Museum (both are free - head there when you want a quiet afternoon!).One down side was that the hotel rooms shown on websites were better than the standard room we got (I think they may be photos of the suites). However, the standard room was adequate in size and had a lovely fresh bathroom, and was not too small. Our room had windows which opened up and overlooked the tree-lined road out the front (a little noisy during the day, but quiet enough during the night even with windows open). There is no airconditioner and no portable fan was available when requested.Tea and coffee facilitites in room were good. No minibar though. Breakfast was nice (several different bread/pasteries, cereal and museli, variety of copped fruit, variety of juice, tea/coffee, youghurt).No safe in room - instead they have several individual safe boxes at reception which you can use - they give you the one and only key to the box and apparently if you loose the key it will cost over $250 POUND! ouch! to recover your goods.Staff were all lovely. Room fresh, and adequate size. Good location. Good value (we paid around $80 POUND per night including breakfast from ratestogo/hotelclub). We recommend!	
Aug 27 2005	A good four stars!	Our friends from NY came to visit us in London recently and they preferred hotel was always Hilton on Park Lane / Hyde Park Corner, because of the rooms. This time, we put them up at The Queenspark Concorde and after an initial &quot;confusion&quot; - as there are two hotels with the same name, we soon discovered that CONCORDE was the better and larger hotel. The other Queenspark is a relatively new and smallish boutiques type of bed &amp; breakfast. The Concorde is actually part of a large chain of luxury hotels, based in Paris, so we were told by their operations manager, Mr Stev Locke, who is truly a good example to his staff there. Service was warm and friendly and Mr Steve was going out of his way to please our Ameriacn guests, who stayed there for three nights in July, The rooms are even larger than Hyde Park Hilton and the service can be at best &quot;compared&quot;. Only their F&amp;B is a bit limited there, with one restaurant and one bar. But we love those small eating places in Kensington, only a ten minutes walk from the hotel. The Concorde is an old hotel (100 years, so we were told by Mr Steve) but you did not feel it at all. They do have an elevator and all the comfort of a modern business hotel. Our only two suggestions were ceiling fans and in room safe, as the safe at reception is not convenient at ll. We will put up our friends again this winter, when they come for two weeks, over Christmas. Thank you Concorde and Mr Steve!!	
Aug 14 2005	Nice choice	We stayed two nights there. It has an excellent location to Victoria and Albert Station and Kessington Park.We got a very good deal at 78 pound per night for two adults and a kid. It is a double bed at king size and they provided a separate bed for my son. The room is spacious and clean. The hotel has an elevator though we have to go through quite a number of doors. The porter was extremely helpfu. Front desk service was really good and they took care of transportation booking to Heathrow. Highly recommended especially if you get a package less than 100 pounds per night.	
Jul 29 2005	Liked it but was hoping for more...	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in July. The rooms were clean, although our bedding was never changed during out time there. The room was quite small, but the bathroom was large (but little counter space). There was no air conditioning, which proved to be a huge issue as the weather was hot and very humid every day...sleeping was unbearable. The rooms really didn't resemble the pictures on the internet...but it's possible that there are other rooms that did, just not ours. We found with a few hotels that they mentoined (seemingly disdainfully) that we booked our room through an (well known and respected) internet travel site. It made us wonder if they were purposely giving us a lesser room for not booking direct. Merely speculation...Overall this hotel is alright in terms of location, but I would not return in the summer, or while travelling with another person, as I found the beds small and uncomfortable, especially with no AC.	
Jul 20 2005	Very Good Value/Very nice stay	My family and I recently booked two rooms at the Queen's Gate Concorde hotel, and we were a bit apprehensive because we had never seen the property before. The hotel is in a nice, quiet, very convenient neighborhood, and some fine, moderately priced restaurants and pubs are very close by. The rooms were quite large (by London standards), and were very comfortable and well equipped. The daily rate was quite reasonable (again, by London standards) and I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 8 2005	Great place to stay!	We stayed here two nights ago and it exceeded our expectations. Starting from the outside, it's a beautiful hotel. We booked a double but for some reason we were given a triple (a king size bed and a single bed) - the room was HUGE. The bed was very comfortable, far above the average. The decor was very nice, modern like a boutique hotel, but cozy. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 1 2005	Great value for the price	My husband and I and our teenage son stayed here in a triple room for 7 nights and found it to be very satisfactory. The hotel is not luxurious; our room had some chipped paint and the carpet appeared a bit worn, but everything was very clean and not unpleasant to the eye, with white (and very clean) bed furnishings. The room was spacious by London hotel standards, with a roomy bathroom with shower over full tub and plenty of shelf space for toiletries. There was ample closet space for hanging clothes, but one drawback was the lack of a bureau--there was no place to store our belongings except one built-in drawer and the shelf over the closet. The staff was efficient and helpful. The breakfast room is cosy and nice and breakfast quite adequate, but pricy if not included in your room rate. The South Kensington location is great, very close to several museums and near to Hyde Park. We booked through a discount internet service and got a rate of 115 pounds a night. For that price in this location, I don't think we could have done better.	
Apr 22 2005	Can't Compare/Just Observations	I've now spent a grand total of one night in London durning my lifetime. Therefore I really can't say how this hotel compares with others. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was small by my standards but probably the norm in London. Well equiped and very clean especially the bath. Huge towels but no washclothes. Shower volume was about like a flowering can. Nice and quiet and curtains did an excellent job of blocking morning light if you like to sleep late like my wife. A bit of a hike from the tube if you are heavily ladden as we were.	
Feb 22 2005	Loved it!	My husband and I were on our honeymoon and our first stop was London, we stayed at Queens Gate Concorde Hotel and absolutely loved it. We were upgraded to an amazing room with a huge bathroom and large bathtub. The furnishings were modern and the room was very roomy. The neighborhood is wonderful and the hotel is situated near two tube stations so it is convenient to get around wherever you want to go. The breakfast is nothing spectactular but not bad. We would most definitely stay there again!	
Feb 19 2005	Fantatic Location; Fantatic Staff 5 stars	My husband and I stayed in this hotel early February and I have to say how pleasantly surprised I was by the hotel and staff. On check in the receptionist welcomed us with the warmest personality and this was greatly appreciated as we came from a very long flight and given a rainy day in London. We got there, as most American flights do very early in the morning, and was told that our room was not ready as check out was at 12 and our room was still occupied. However we were asked to store our bags and &quot;enjoy the day in London&quot;. My husband was not very happy as we were flying overnight but even at the Four Seasons you have a check in time. So the receptionist offered us a map and showed us the major things to do in the area. We were off to explore and was surprised to see that the hotel was a stones throw away from literally everything in London; The Natural History Musuem, V&amp;A Musuem, Science museum, Harrods, Hyde Park, the beautiful Royal Albert Hall and closeby to Glouchester Road metro station. I read alot of reveiws were people said that the metro was far but we did it with luggage in less than 10mins (with the help of the hotel for directions). When we got back at 1:30 to check in we were given a room and again I was surprised at the size and cleanliness of this 3 star hotel. The bathroom was huge for a london hotel and the bed was comfy. Not much of a view though! Our room faced the rear of the hotel as I am a light sleeper but there was only residential houses and the front of the building overlooked Queens Gate. I cannot begin to explain how we were made to feel by staff here...they were absolutley great! On our second night we stupidly left our window wide open and the side on the bed closest to the window was soaked. I phoned down to reception, explained the problem as I wanted extra towels but the receptionist told me she would call me back. I thought this was strange as all I needed were extra towels. However when she called me back she offered to move us and as they were fully booked we were moved complimentary to a townhouse room (It was the only room left). We checked the rate on this beautiful townhouse suite and it was close to $400US a night...but we got it complimentary! I love London so much and I cant wait for my next trip as I will definetly stay at this hotel. I have stayed in some really horrible rooms in Europe but this one is by far the best I've seen and staff treated us fantastic. In my early 20's I worked in a hotel and I know that if you're great with personnel they will treat you to the highest degree of friendliness as I am sure they meet some nasty and petty people everyday. Would definitely recommend this little gem	
Feb 9 2005	Good Quality Budget Hotel	Stayed here in Dec 2004. Great location, between Hyde Park and South Kensington. Very friendly Staff, Excellent Breakfast, tiny but comfortable room. Paid £59 for double room including Continental Breakfast, also had the Fried Breakfast for £3 pounds. 	
Feb 6 2005	Just One Little Problem with Cigarette Smoke	My friend and I spent five nights in a twin room late January. We were both pleasantly pleased with the size of the room, 14 foot ceilings, and large bath room. It was clean enough though the cleaning woman apparently replaced dirty towels that we had thrown on the floor back on the rack. Reception kindly changed them for us when we went down to complain. The continental breakfast with fresh fruit was OK except there was no protein, not even boiled eggs or cheese which would have been nice since we don't eat croissants, cereals or other starchy items. In addition, I practically choked to death on the cigarette smoke in reception whilst trying to check in and later every time I entered or departed from the hotel. There is a small reception room/lobby exactly where one must enter or leave the hotel. They informed me that it was a &quot;smoking room&quot; and to make matters worse, there are no doors on the aforementioned &quot;cancer room&quot; to contain the revolting haze of cigarette smoke one must pass through. After a couple of days I learned to hold my breath until I made it to the elevator. Our room was on a nonsmoking floor and that was fine. We booked our room through Hotel Club and paid 65 pounds a night which, considering the lovely location, was a good bargain. I doubt that I would stay there again unless they found somewhere else to stick the smokers, preferably OUTSIDE. Where are our rights to breathe fresh air? I am particularly surprised by an arrangement like this in a chain hotel such as Concorde.	
Feb 3 2005	Bait and Switch	We booked two nights Jan. 14th and 15th, 2005, after reading the reviews here that placed it in the top 10% of the 1100 hotels rated in London. When we arrived we were asked if we would like to upgrade our room to a townhouse room after some bargining we agreed to an additional $28.50 per night. At the same time we asked if it would be possible to extend our stay an additional three nights we were told by the operations manager, behind the desk, Sanjeev Desai, that would be no problem. When we tried to confirm that two days later we were told that our room was not available at that rate and that it would be and additional $66.50 a night. When I explained that the operations manager had told us it would be OK to extend they put up a fight and finally called him to the desk. He imperiously informed me that they had made a mistake in giving us the upgrade for $28.50 and that the only way we were staying in that room is if we signed an agreement right then to increase the cost by $66.50. He treated us as if we were the ones that were trying to take advantage of them. When I suggested that I could go down the street and book it on the internet he told me that I was free to do that but that he would make sure that no rooms were available on the internet that night. This discussion took place around 11pm on Sat. night. Not a good time to go looking for a room in London pulling your suitcases after a long day.The interesting thing during this discussion was that he mentioned that we had the internet rate of 50 pounds a night/$95. We did not and the lowest rate I could find was about 70 pounds a night but this tells me that if you have to stay here then search until you find that rate. Try London-hotels an unusual site that gives lower rates than any of the major sites I tried. Incidently we never saw or heard a another person in the section we were in giving lie to their assertion that the increased rated was based on availability. The other rooms were empty.That said it is a good location near several museums including the Victoria and Albert, Natural History Museum (have a look at the photo exhibit on the Nature photos of the year), and about a 3 pound taxi ride to Harrods down the street. It is a hike to the tube station however and I would suggest a taxi from the train station, Victoria was only about 6 pounds. The continental breakfast is good, cereal, yogurt, fruit, pastries, jucies, tea or coffee, etc. When you know that a breakfast in London will run you 10 pounds, $18 a person, it is a good idea to eat there. But you will not have any eggs or meat, for that you will have to pay another 12 pounds per person. The towels and linens are very high quality. But the place is a firetrap with many many doors to go through to any room I counted no less than seven to our room,including two flights of stairs, while pulling suitcases this is a struggle. Plus the layout is a rabbit warren of corridors that connect to various levels and different buildings with several corridors that deadend. If you have any difficulty with stairs or your luggage this hotel is not accesible. It was quiet and the room while dimly lit and musty had a good bathroom and bath shower combination. Plus it must be said that their advertising about TV is misleading there is no CNN or other major stations except the standard British stations BBC, ITN etc.I would not stay there again and would look down the street at the Courtyard Inn, or other places. Walking from the tube station I saw rooms in hotels as low as 35pounds a night.	
Jan 31 2005	Nice Hotel but....	Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of January, and have to say that you need to book the room over the internet as the hotels daily rate is way above the offer prices you can get. We paid 131 pounds for Fri and Sat night and could'nt find it cheaper anywhere else. It's about a 10 - 15 min walk with luggage from Gloucester Road tube, which is'nt far - but far enough with cases. The location is great for the museums, Harrods, Albert Hall and Kensington High Street, so for the price you cant ask for more.The staff at the hotel are very friendley and helpful and our room was nice and clean. However, I had asked for a non-smoking room but it definatly smelt of smoke - so it might be worth confirming before you go. The bathroom seemed brand new, and the shower was great - took about 3 mins to reach full temperature so suggest you switch it on while your on the loo!The bed was comfey enough but the springs kept twanging when I rolled over - and no, im not overweight (74kg). Also the pillows were quite small and fat which took a bit of getting used too.Continental breakfast was included in the price, served in a very smart restraunt. This was the usual flakes, plenty of fresh fruit &amp; coulis, couisants, tea and toast. If you have full english its 11.95! Bit steep and you can get cheaper 10 mins away in the high street.In summary, for the price I paid, I was happy with what I got. I dare say there are some real crummy hotels in London - but this isnt one of them.	
Jan 24 2005	Good value near Royal Albert Hall	I booked this hotel when we went to London for an event at the Royal Albert Hall without realising just how close it is, only about 5 minutes walk! The hotel is situated in Queen's Gate, a broad thoroughfare running south from the Queen's Gate of Hyde Park and also very close to the Natural History Museum. There isn't anywhere to eat just in the immediate vicinity but within a 10 minute walk is the very lively area of South Kensington with dozens of cafes and restaurants of every type or there is the Kensington High Street area to the west. The hotel looks quite impressive from the outside and the lobby is plush and looks better than three star. We had booked a double room but they gave us a triple so the room was large, if fairly sparsely furnished but nicely decorated and the double bed itself was huge! The bathroom was well appointed with a very easy to control powerful shower. The buffet style Continental Breakfast was excellent, cereals, fruit, yogurt, different breads and toasts, as much as you could eat, served in a very nicely decorated dining room in the basement. I would say the Concorde is at the upper end of Three Star. We paid 72 pounds for double bed and breakfast which I thought represented good value for this part of London. So if you are looking for a hotel near the Royal Albert Hall, Imperial College, V&amp;A Museum and Natural History Museum I would thoroughly recommend this one.	
Jan 6 2005	Nice Hotel in lovely area	We stayed in this hotel for two nights. The hotel is very clean with nice furnishings. Our Room was huge. Note that there is no air conditioning in the rooms (we stayed in Winter so wasn't a problem). The reception desk staff were very efficient. The breakfast included was basic cereals and crossiants. It is a little walk from the Tube but very close to Royal Albert Hall and a multitude of museums and Kesington Park. We got a fabulous rate online at Hotel, much cheaper than booking directly with hotel.	
Jan 4 2005	Very solid accommodation	My wife and I stayed here over New Year's 2004-05. We found the hotel to be clean, the room a decent size (remember, this is London: but there was ample room for a double bed, 2 chairs, and a desk), the staff uniformly helpful. TV has movie channels and BBC's 24 hour news service. Tea kettle is also in rooms. Shower actually has decent water pressure. The location is good, a block from the Science, Natural History, and Victoria &amp; Albert museums; about 7-10 minute walk to either South Kensington or Gloucester Rd Tube stops and a 2 minute walk to the #10 bus which runs along Hyde Park to Oxford Circus and beyond. The distance to the tube is just slightly a haul with baggage, though there is a shortcut through Imperial College to a long underground tunnel leading to South Kensington station. Other downsides, again only slight: breakfast (if included) is a good continental breakfast but a full cooked breakfast is expensive (12 pounds); phone calls, even local ones, cost 1 pound per minute). All in all, I'd stay again - we got a good rate using findlondonrooms.com (about 1/2 the published rate).	
Dec 13 2004	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Queen's Gate Concorde from 12/8-12/11/2004. We found staff to be friendly, rooms clean/nice (hairdryer, iron/press) and it to be in a great location to the tube, buses, museums, gardens, and restaurants. Using the tube you could get to any part of London quickly, so why not stay in a nice area where you can actually get a decent night sleep, unlike in Westminister area! Definitely book this hotel using a hotel search on the Internet, a lot cheaper than booking directly with the hotel. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Dec 13 2004	Nice but...	The hotel was nice but i wouldn't recommend it easily for specific reasons:I booked a room through their internet site one month before going. I called 3-4 days prior to arrival to confirm that everything is ok and they told me that they didn't have my reservation. Long story short, finally the next day after several phonecalls to their reservation centre in Paris they told us that it was a mistake but they could accomodate us.When we arrived at the hotel they gave us a nice, big room (town house suite) but with no view and one major problem. A second fire door that didn't lock!!!!! Of course we couldn't stay there, so they put us in a much smaller room which was ok with nice view BUT the bathroom had a funny, BAD SMELL!! It was clean, but there must have been a problem with the ventilation probably because it was like that ALL FIVE DAYS! So, in a few words the hotel was decent and the staff very polite, but the smell and the inconvenience of the reservation spoiled somehow our stay.	
Dec 12 2004	Okay but nothing special	My family of four (two teens) arrived at the Concorde and were pleased to be in London. I was somewhat surprised by the size of the room. I had booked a family suite and instead found a small sized room. I had heard that rooms were smaller in Europe, but expected a larger accomodation. We barely had room for luggage with the cot and sofa bed pulled out. I booked a non-smoking room that I believe was smoking prior to our arrival. Now I do have to say that the room was very clean and personnel were nice. We did not have breakfast included in our rate, so we ate outside of the hotel. The breakfast area looked nice though. One morning I walked down to the breakfast room and they were closing, but the nice gentleman gave me a carafe of coffee anyway. Being a grouch without coffee in the morning, I really appreciated it. The location is okay, we really walked most everywhere or took a cab. There is a tube station about 3 blocks down the street. Most cab fares were about 5 pounds to anywhere for my family, except on weekends. I would stay here again if it were only for two. But, would look for bigger accomodations for my family.	
Oct 13 2004	Fantastic stay	A typical London hotel situated in an old 5 story townhouse type complex. We stayed 5 nights at the Queen's Gate Concorde and loved it. The staff were friendly, rooms large and impeccably clean and the bathroom was freshly renovated. The internet price of $AUD216 including breakfast was unbelievable compared to other hotels we'd looked at. There were 2 underground stations within 5 mins walk as well as quite a few restaurant strips within a 5 min walking radius. The hotel is in a quiet street in a beautiful area of London and I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2004	Clean courteous top location and cheap cheap cheap!	My wife and I stayed here for a business trip at Imperial College (August 2004). The location is fantastic - it is across the street from Imperial, and about two blocks from shops, museums, places to eat, and a tube stop. This is a very upscale and fashionable area. The embassies are all along this street, for example.The price was unbeatably low. The room was smallish, as european hotels tend to be, but was very clean and in excellent condition - I think everything was just refurbished. Bathroom had a tub and was also in brand-new condition. The staff was very friendly and helpful.Downsides, as others have mentioned: no A/C, but this is common. The staff did give us a fan for the room when it was swelteringly hot. TV was basically BBC channels and PPV. But the BBC is fun to watch. Didn't try the breakfast, it was very expensive and could be had better and cheaper a couple blocks away.I have highly recommended this hotel, and everyone I know has been pleased with it.	
Aug 28 2004	Nearly Perfect	As most reviews have stated this hotel is great. Price + Location incredible. I stayed at Ramada Kensington from 14 - 20 August &amp; am probably getting a little fussy (just turned 40) but while I was looking for a hotel to stay in, in central London tripadvisor.com reviewers made my decision very easy.Only reason I did not give 5 stars is because there is no air/con &amp; spent uncomfortable first night with window open because of the heat. This would be a problem if you stayed in London in a heatwave which will not happen too often lol.Guests were from Western Europe+USA.Beds great, bathroom is best I have ever been in &amp; staff were friendly. I did not try out the English Breakfast.I would stay there again without hesitation but note the following, ask for room in the front &amp; they are now called Churchill not Ramada or at least I was told this by staff member as I checked out.Delighted I picked this hotel &amp; hope to go there again in the future. J	
Aug 13 2004	Brilliant	We stayed here for 6 days in a double room (203) from 5th to 11th Aug 2004.The room was huge, and much bigger than we expected from a stay in London. A nice tiled bath with a tub made everything extra comfy. Everything was exceptionally clean, and the staff was both nice and helpful.The area is also nice. 5 min walk to the nearest tube station (Gloucester Road), and at least 30 restaurants within 10 minutes walk from the hotel.We will be back for sure, and I have no problem at all recommending this little gem to other people.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Stay	I would highly recommend this hotel and the area to anyone planning on visiting London. It was very close to the Glouchester Road tube stop, which is basically only 15 minutes from the main attractions. The area was beautiful, very quiet and neighborhood like although there were still a handful of restaurants and pubs to go to within walking distance. The staff at the Ramada were very pleasant and accommodating. Our room was pretty big for a European Hotel. The bathroom was clean and spacious as well. We enjoyed our stay and would consider staying here again.	
Apr 21 2004	Great value fabulous location	Stayed here for four nights thanks to a promotional weekend rate that included full English breakfast. Couldn't beat the location or price. Only several quibbles: the breakfast room too crowded on weekends and the staff pretty overwhelmed; and the TV, which was advertised as satellite, only had about 4-5 so-so channels. Would recommend it and would definitely stay here again. I didn't want to leave.	
Mar 27 2004	Nothing to write home about	The hotel was clean and in a safe location. The room was larger and nicer than average European hotel rooms tend to be. The staff was not particularly helpful, or knowledgeable about the area. I would recommend a stay only if the room was offered at a substantial discount.	
Mar 21 2004	enjoyed a great stay and a wonderful breakfast		
Mar 7 2004	Very good value for London		
Feb 19 2004	Excellent Service		
Feb 7 2004	Not as good as we expected		
Feb 2 2004	Beautiful quiet and clean.		
Jan 27 2004	a great hotel in a lovely area		
Jan 20 2004	great hotel for the price		
Dec 26 2003	Very Satisfied		
Jun 10 2003	Ramada Jarvis!		
May 20 2003	Great Location! Good Price.		
