Jun 2 2009 	Good Address	Stayed at this hotel during a business trip. Was reasonably happy with the stay. Was particularly happy with the service, which was close to what one gets spoilt with in India.Location was very good and I could walk to most of my business meetings, which were in the Mayfair region.While I had to check at noon as per the hotel policy, I was given a courtesy use of the gym for an evening shower before I left for the airport. My similar requests at other establishments have been turned down in UK.	
Mar 19 2009 	Big Mistake need of major rennos	Wow! Big mistake, this hotel is in desperate need of a renno thank god it is currently underway. We chose the Four Seasons because of the name, other ones we have stayed at are so good we assumed that they would all be the same, god knows they are all the same price! However, this hotel was extremely outdated. Our room was dark, dingy and tiny. We had a one bedroom suite which was uncomfertable for the three of us. The service was terrible, they acted like they were doing a favor for you if you asked for dinner reservations or theatre tickets. The dining room was decent, the decor very strange, food was ok. Afternoon Tea is highly praised (or so they say) in the Lounge. The lounge was extremely overdone decor wise for my liking and the tea itself was nowhere near Four Seasons quality. Other experiences outside the hotel saved our trip from disaster such as London's top attractions and dinners at exclusive non-hotel restaurants such as the Ivy, Le Caprice, Gordon Ramsay, Wiltons, etc...Would not go back to this hotel, even if rennoed.	
Sep 28 2008 	Overpriced London	First of all, I have to admit that staff is excellent. Check-in, desk, restaurant staff are superb.Restaurant food is acceptable with good lunchtime buffets.My room had 2 twin beds. Think about this for a moment.With parking beneath, moderately good food and good staff, this would be a better hotel with more modern rooms and a lower price.	
Jul 31 2008 	Not great	This Hotel is old. Thank goodness it is going under renovation this fall, it needs it. Small old rooms and way too expensive for what it was. Afternoon Tea was served in the Lobby Lounge which was way too overdecorated for my taste. The main restaurant and bar was old too! Would not go back.	
Jun 29 2008	Beautiful hotel	This hotel is without a doubt one of the best in London. The service is second to none, and the decor is classic and traditional, not at all dated. It is also spotless. I live in London and have visited several of the top hotels, and can honestly say I have found some of the most prestigeous to be old and tatty. We stayed in one of the suites, and it was absolutely beautiful. The overall ambience of the hotel is cosy and it expels quality. I would definitely recommend this hotel and can't wait to go back.	
May 30 2008 	Four Seasons London is Closing	Four Seasons London is Closing. The Four Seasons in London, originally the Inn on the Park, is closing for at least 18 months in October for a major renovation. Most of the staff is being told they will not be kept during the renovation so some are obviously looking for other positions. I've stayed at this hotel for over a 35 year period and it has slipped considerably and does not meet Four Seasons standards.As an example tonight the heat in my room is broken and it's around 17 degrees C in the room. They are looking for a space heater it's too late at night to switch rooms. The staff that I've seen are inconsistent and not at par with the Four Seasons I know.Sadly, I must reccomend that you consider alternatives if you expect typical Four Seasons quality and service. The hotel is still good, there may or may not be air conditioning and heat that works properly.	
Apr 24 2008 	Dated decor but the service is great	Another stay at this great hotel. The pluses are location (Park Lane / Hyde Park), amazing comfy beds, wonderful staff attentiveness and lovely good quality food. The downside is the hotel needs to be modernised and the bills are steep. But this is London and good service and location command a premium. The rooms are old world chintz with yellow walls and grey carpets. The beds have quality mattresses and quality cottons for a good nights sleep. The bathrooms are looking dated and the shower is over the bath which is not really what you expect of a five star hotel. However, if your looking for good service and location and you are not worried aout the bills then this is a good option.	
Apr 24 2008 	Perfection	I have stayed in many Four Seasons and this is among my favorites. The rooms are large and really cozy in an old fashioned way. But not fussy or dated or worn at all. I have seen rooms at the Ritz and Claridge's when friends stayed there that were beautiful but extremely tiny. These are not small. And we did not have expensive rooms. The staff were genuinely friendly without being intrusive or obsequious. Everything was smooth and easy. The concierge were amazingly helpful and nice.The food was delicious.I was just there with my mother who has a difficult time walking and was worried about how things would go. The hotel, everyone from top to bottom, made everything easy and seamless.And a couple of blocks away are coffee shops, drugstore, etc.We really had a perfect vacation.I don't understand the complaints about this place unless they expected a shiny modern American style place. This has all the luxury of the top European hotels, including other Four Seasons in Europe. Do it.	
Apr 2 2008	the real story	Ok, this is the real story. I have stayed at Four Season's properties throughout the world. This is without a doubt the worst. This place is so over priced even for London. The inclusive breakfast was a joke. I was expecting a grandiose buffet with additional items off the menu however I was very surprised by the lack of variety, especially at a Four Season. The decor seems dated at best. Only one elevator during my stay. The room was a nice size considering I was in London, however the quality of the room furnishings did not live up to a four season's property. The teas were excellent. Free internet that was surprising fast, located in lobby area. The gym again was not up to four season standard. If you are a regular patron of four seasons you will probably be disappointed. The staff was extremely nice.	
Mar 12 2008	Amazing!!!	I stay here regularily.The service is out of this world, nothing is a problem. The rooms are spacious and warm, the beds and the comfiest bed you will ever sleep in! The food is devine!I miss the Four Seasons when i have not been for a while!Worth evey penny!!!	
Jan 24 2008 	Dated but charming	We had a one night stay in a deluxe room with a Hyde Park view in January this year &amp; it's very clear that the hotel needs a complete refurbishment.The decor is more than tired - even when it was first done the style must have been a little dated. But don't let that put you off. The rooms are large &amp; you have a lovely sense of space. Light floods in from the floor to ceiling windows (or it does when there's sunshine). The whole hotel is impeccably clean &amp; our room was very comfortable. There were very nice quality &amp; generous sized products in the bathroom. Robes were good.Importantly though the staff were lovely &amp; very well trained - helpful &amp; pleasant.We liked being here very much.	
Nov 27 2007 	Definition of Posh	This place is very posh. Great looking lobby, the rooms were very nice, and the people watching is awesome. There are a lot of spoiled rich people that stay here, and its very fun to watch life that they are used to. The breakfast was great, but its one of those places that you can't even pour your own tea...or leave your seat without your napkin being folded. The service is AMAZING!!! I just found myself feeling sorry for the staff...there were a lot of crazy requests out of the clients...and they always got taken care of. I felt a little uncomfortable getting pampered by the staff...but is was pretty fun to live like that for a few days. Amazing Staff.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great but getting dated	Over the past 15 years I've probably stayed here 2-3 times a year. More in the mid nineties, and less so in more recent years. Have to say that I just love the place. It is expensive. But the service is just fantastic.It is getting a little dated though. This week I was fortunate enough to stay in the FS Milan as well. There is a big difference in quality, and you can see the age in London.The hotel was clearly built to cater for the 1970's oil boom and the decor is chintz to say the least. When will they rennovate here.Despite this, it's got to be one of my favorite hotels in Europe.	
Oct 4 2007	A rocky start but it got better	Our hotel room was not ready when we showed up at 11:30am. They said to leave our luggage and return at 2pm. So we had lunch at Harrods. When we returned at 2:30pm, our hotel room was still not ready. After confused discussions amongst several personnel, we were finally brought to our room at 3:30pm. Turns out the room temperature stayed at 65 degrees C. The hotel engineer came, did some black magic to no avail. We spent the night freezing. I woke up very sick and the concierge had Robitussin delivered. It continued to be freezing in the room. My husband finally spoke to the head-honcho-man who moved us to an upgraded conservatory room at no additional charge. Finally - happiness.On the 3rd day when I needed a doctor, the concierge set me up. For a hotel room visit, the charge was $600 while an office visit was $300. At these prices, I got well like, immediately!At this Four Seasons - the staff remember our name, room service was quick and polite, the wonton soup was so yummy I ordered it several times whilst I was sick, the robes and slippers were fluffy, the sheets were Frette, the mojitos cost $38 (though not quite up to par with South Beach's, but hey), the gym was wonderful, the hotel restaurant prices were stratospheric. Around the corner were restaurants we sampled (Nobu, Boxwood Cafe, etc), and Harrods is close. Hyde Park is across the street.The decor is a bit stuffy and traditional for our taste; I personally think the hotel needs a refurb - some areas looked a bit tired. But this is a quibble.We left early (5AM!) to catch a flight from Gatwick and the staff already had some tea &amp; biscuits set up in the lobby. Checkout was a breeze.I recommend staying here, esp a conservatory suite; it was $1500 per night but this is London. Only Moscow is probably more expensive right now.	
Aug 21 2007 	loved it at canary wharf	great service... went with my 4 year old daughter who got bath toys, extra bed, childrens dvds, milk and cookies, children bathroom, welcome gifts... she and i both felt like a princess.	
Jul 15 2007	Friendly staff great tea lovely room	Received a warm welcome by staff. Had afternoon tea in the lounge and both the food and service were excellent. I don't usually sleep well but each night I slept soundlly in the most comfortable bed. Bathroom had both a regular shower and a power one. Was a truly wonderful stay.	
Mar 8 2007	Not good	This hotel is pretty bad and I'm sad to say it since the staff were just lovely. During our stay 12th January for 3 nights the hot water was off and so luke warm baths were the order of the day. The food was over priced for what you get and the decor is really kind of bad. The plus points are the staff and location on Park Lane just down from the Dorchester (where we'll stay on our next visit to the capital :-)	
Dec 6 2006 	Great hotel if you're on the company's dime!	Stayed at the 4S London for five nights in mid-Nov 2006 for 280GBP + VAT per night (corporate rate). This hotel is in a good location, right off Park Lane and a block from the Hyde Park Corner tube stop, which is on the Piccadilly line. You can also walk to the Green Park stop and the Marble Arch stop within 15 minutes. The service was exemplary. I was not feeling well upon arrival and the hotel manager called me both that evening and the next day as well to ensure that I was not in need of special care. Room service was excellent and the food was VERY good for hotel food. The room is normal-size by US standards but huge by European standards. Large bathroom with nicely appointed finishings, etc. Only bathroom complaint was a lack of an electrical outlet except for razors. There were both US and UK voltage outlets in the bedroom. Large closet and good drawer space as well. Room had a flat screen mounted on the wall and a DVD player - which comes in handy because British TV doesn't give you too many choices! I'd never stay here personally, because it's just too expensive, but every time I travel to London on business I'll definitely be back at the 4S!	
Aug 23 2006 	Beauty Location  The Four Seasons London	Just came back from a weeks vacation with my family at the Four Seasons London. Based on reviews on this site I was hesitant to book but trusted the Four Seasons name. It is a beautiful hotel on a quiet tree lined street a few minutes walk to the Hyde Park Underground &amp; around the corner from many bus lines. The concierge staff, reception (check in, check out) as well as the Lounge and Lanes restaurant staff were the friendliest staff I have encountered in any Four Seasons. The superior room (390 sq. ft.) was nicely appointed and even had a plasma TV on the wall. The concierge staff will help with any reservation or make suggestions for sightseeing based on what you would like to see &amp; how much time you have. They even let me borrow 2 guide books for a day trip to Paris on the Eurostar (great idea by the way!) The Lanes Restaurant staff (had breakfast there every morning) knew me by name after the first day. Food &amp; service were exceptional. There is a complementary car with driver between 6:30pm-8:00pm on a first come first served basis to take you to dinner or the theatre. Just check with the doorman. You can sit at your computer &amp; Google every hotel in London or just book the Four Seasons &amp; relax. Check Leading Hotels website as well as Four Seasons website for any specials. We had a summer rate that was very reasonable.	
Mar 23 2006	The"should be" four star Four Season	We stayed in this hotel in January for a much needed shopping trip and having recently stayed in the four seasons in New York I selected this hotel for us. Fankly it was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room (a four seasons suite) was nothing like the website suggested, in fact it was horrificly outdated and where hotels like Claridge's pride themselves on preserving the past, the four seasons should be informed there is no reason to preserve the late 1980's. Mock antiques and cheap chinz all over this hotel is like the Dorchester's skank sister.The staff however, were incredable so if you want excellent service and a laugh at a room which is essentially a bedroom from a crack house check in here.Who would select GREEN marble for a lobby? GREEN marble - says it all.	
Feb 15 2006	Great tea. Horrid hotel!	Having stayed at a few Four Seasons in USA I thought this would be a great choice to take some friends for afternoon tea in London. The tea was fantastic..the food went on and on and the service was amazing...BUT..this place is decoratively and architecturally monstous. The Four Seasons must have acquired it from another hotel group and not bothered or got round to the refurb...well I think gutting and starting again would be a better option. I was actually quite embarrassed to bring my friends here. It's in some 70's time warp. What are you thinking of Four Seasons allowing this place to carry your name!Admittedly I haven't seen the bedrooms...but actually I don't want to! Sorry	
Jan 15 2006	should not be part of the four seasons chain	stayed for two nights,the hotel is badly in need of a major refurbishement,probably 15 years overdue,furniture in room is falling apart.the bathroom is old and tired and window frames are not sound proof,so impossible to sleep.i am amazed four seasons accepts to put its name on such a property.it is so much lower in standards compared to other four seasons i stayed in like new york,paris,philadelphia...so stay away,for the money you can get way better value in london	
Sep 19 2005	Where else ?	London is a city full of rubbish &quot;5-star&quot; hotels.The four seasons is really your only choice if you want the highest probability of a great experience.Expensive, but FANTASTIC value compared to the money you can spend on absolute rubbish hotels in London.	
Aug 21 2005	Great Hotel... Great Service!!	Stayed at the Four Seasons July 13-16, 2005. Had connecting rooms as we were traveling with our two children. Rooms and staff were absolutely fantastic. Have stayed in many fine hotels the world over, but have never been shown the level of personal service as the Four Seasons London. Rooms were big, very clean, and up-to-date, linens spectacular, and even had a large platter of cookies and candy in the kids room along with several bottles of soft drinks on ice. A bottle of champagne and bowl of fruit greeted my wife and me in our room. All marble bathrooms were just what you would expect! Some of the most attentive, helpful, and friendly staff. (Yes I know, this is London!) Called us all, (even the children), by name anywhere in the hotel we encounter staff. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was exceptional! (Again, I know this is london!)A GRAND HOTEL!!	
Jul 9 2005	Not worth the price - much better 5-star options for less	This hotel is drastically overpriced, even for London. I stayed three nights here recently on business and I was shocked how small the room was and how noisy the hotel was. I had a back room (facing Old Park Lane, I believe, which is not a particularly busy street). All night long, each night of the three I stayed, I was repeatedly woken by traffic noise.I've had the luxury of staying at several 5-star hotels around Park Lane recently on business travels, and I rate the Four Seasons at the bottom of the heap, despite being considerably more expensive than its competitors.	
Jun 23 2005 	Four Seasons lives up to rep.	Location - GoodRooms - Excellent - Plasma TV's Price - Expensive Overall this hotel is up to Four Seasons standards	
Jun 25 2004	Better than average but not the best	In a city with stiff competition, The Four Seasons is a little better than average. Over the course of a ten night stay on business I received varying levels of service. Interestingly enough, the service level differed depending on what I was wearing (i.e. business suit vs. jeans/t-shirt). With jeans on the doorman didn't budge, but with a suit on I got a polite greeting and the door held for me. The concierge staff was phenomenal - no task was too large for them. Lanes was a supberb dining experience. The rooms were well-appointed and have a wonderfully relaxing and cushy bed. Two problems: the tub never retained water for a bath and the housekeeping staff insisted on ignoring the do not disturb sign. Even though the sign was placed correctly on the door knob, I returned to find the maid in my room; who was directed by the head housekeeper to clean my room regardless. This was very intrusive and instead of an apology I received a stern reminder of the housekeeping rules and regulations. Additionally, as I was traveling alone, I used room service alot. Although delivery was prompt the food portions were small (by American standards). Overall a good experience, but I would probably stay elsewhere the next time.	
Jun 15 2004	Five Stars for The Four Seasons	A lovely low key hotel made even more pleasant by the very attentive and professional staff. We stayed at The Four Seasons Park Lane for 6 days and enjoyed it tremendously. We had a small traditionally decorated suite with seperate living room and bedroom divided by french doors. The pretty parkside location was a an excellent base for siteseeing, shopping, and restaurants accessable by foot or Taxi. We especially enjoyed our leisurely Breakfast in the dining room each morning, and afternoon tea. The Hotel dining is excellent, Nobu is just around the corner, as well as a few friendly Pubs and charming Cafes. The Hotel Concierge helped direct us with anything we needed during our stay including a last minute tailoring emergency (The Valet arrived to our room within ten minutes after notifying the concierge of our problem at 5:00 PM). Other high notes; quality toiletries, impressive bowl of fruit in our room (such as figs, apricots, plums, etc.) refreshed daily, and the most comfortable bed completed the experience.	
Apr 24 2004	Service like no other!	I sleep better at the Park Lane Four Seasons than I do in my own bed. The beds, as well as the rooms, are perfect. We have stayed in Four Seasons all over the world, and not one comes close to this; from front desk to maid service the staff is the friendliest, the most knowledgeable, the most helpful we have experienced anywhere on the planet. Every detail is perfect, and if for one second it is not, the staff will rush to you to see that it becomes so. And then there is the piano bar, where the incredibly talented John Watson presides. He himself is worth a trip across the Atlantic or from anywhere. I love my home, and I hate to leave it, but I leave it as often as I can afford to be at the Four Seasons in London!	
Jan 15 2004	No what you would expect!	When you first check in to the Four Season London you are ushered to one of two desks that acts as the reception. We were very impressed initially.I traveled with my wife and two small children (8 and 5) so we had to get 2 adjoining suites. We were really surprised at how plainly decorated our room was and just how small the adjoining bedroom for our kids was. Here problems started. When we initially booked we told them that there were 4 people in the party but each room only had a king-size bed in it. Not a good idea unless your kids don t mind sleeping in the same bed.With much fuss and effort they managed to take a chair out of the one room and put in a rollaway bed in its place.They did try to make up for the problem by sending up candy and cookies for the kids.Breakfast at the restaurant was like a comedy routine. It took them +/- 90 minutes to bring our order. This is after being told that the chef dropped the eggs on the floor twice.The location of the hotel is not as central as we were led to believe, and you do need to take a taxi to get to a London tourist hot spot, unless you enjoy a long walk in the freezing cold and rain.Part of our package included champagne in our room upon arrival and show tickets which we had to request several times for before actually getting them.We have stayed at far superior 5 star hotels in London, which were both more luxurious and central.(It just goes to show that you can t believe all that you read, but then you never know if it is the hotels that are writing the reviews or tourists such as ourselves.)	
Dec 3 2003	Very nice hotel...	My wife and I just returned from a stay at the Four Seasons, London. We were very happy with the hotel. We had a superior double room, which is their lowest tier room, but found it to be very spacious. A small balcony looked out onto the street. The bed was very comfortable, and the room had two wingback chairs, a writing desk, a dressing table, armoire which held the TV, and ample closet space. The bathroom was also roomy and stocked with high end amenities. The most impressive aspect of the hotel is the high standards of maintenance. Everything is in great shape (beautiful carpets, fresh paint, etc.) Nothing shows wear and tear.Breakfast in Lanes Restaurant is outstanding, and the hotel staff are super friendly and extremely efficient. Concierge desk could not have been more helpful. Location in Mayfair is nice, with tube station less than a block away.We travel fairly often, and tend to stay at 5 star hotels. We highly recommend the Four Seasons London.	
Apr 26 2003	My favourite London Hotel	A wonderful hotel. I stayed in a Conservatory suite with a marvellous sunny terrace. Attentive staff, eager and helpful, and the concierge was able to arrange a car to Heathrow Airport at only a few hours notice. Stunningly comfortable beds, and a beautifully appointed room. A great restaurant which has a marvellous salad table at lunchtimes, and great views of park lane and Hyde Park.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel, which upholds the finest Four Seasons service. From the greeting by the Doorman, through Checking-in to the bar staff, all are enthusiastic and a credit to the hotel.	
Jan 19 2003	The Four Seasons - London - Fabulous	We stayed at The Four Seasons, London in January, 2003. It was an unforgettable experience - we had a suite of rooms -- including a dining room, plus a terrace overlooking Buckingham Palace! The suite also had two full bathrooms. Everything about it was exquisite - the decor; the bed was not only the most comfortable, but the sheets were unbelievably luxurious. The service was superb. We also had two breakfasts served via room service - tres' expensive but so wonderful. A truly superlative, memorable experience.	
Jan 11 2003	luxury at its best	Upon arrival to the Four Seasons,we were greeted and assisted by the Doorman. We entered the Lobby and were impressed by the decor and the discrete manner in which guests check in. Instead of standing at a counter to check in, we were shown to a seated area where we could check in. The Receptionist informed us that because we were early, our Suite was not quite ready. We were then taken to the lounge where we were offered complimentary drinks. The lounge is stunning without being ostentatious. The tables are small and the seating is plush. We were then shown to our suite, the Receptionist informed us that we were being given the best suite that they had available. Our suite was on the ninth floor with a balcony view of Hyde Park and Park Lane. The suite was very spacious and luxurious. We stayed for three nights. in that time, nothing was too much trouble for the staff. they were very helpful, polite and efficient. The decor of the bar, restaurant and the hotel in general was first class but it is the little touches that you get when staying in this hotel that makes your stay so memorable and special. for example, one night when it was raining the Doorman organised the use of the limo to take us to our destination, this was at no extra charge. Overall this is a superb hotel, we have stayed in London many times and apart from the Lanesborough. this hotel is the best in London.L&amp;H	
Mar 9 2009 	??????		
Oct 2 2008	??????????		
