Aug 14 2007 	Good for a short stay in Central London	I've stayed at the Queensgate on several occasions when visiting London on business, and I've not had any major complaints. I usually book the hotel through a 3rd party website, and the room rate tends to be around £100/night, which is relatively cheap for London. My one gripe with this hotel is that it has a tiny check-in area, and whenever I arrive to check-in there's usually someone already being attended to, who takes forever and a day to be dealt with. I think the one person who works in reception is also working in the bar, which is just next to the reception booth.Rooms in the hotel are a reasonable size and have a large, comfortable bed with a small TV, seating area (on one occasion my seat had some sort of sauce all over it!) and a bathroom. It's worth noting that the shampoo etc supplied by the hotel was usually of a very high quality - Molten Brown and the likes. Getting from reception to the rooms could be a bit of an adventure, as the hotel is a converted townhouse with seemingly random placement of the staircases. While the main staircase from the reception area is large and wide, the one going to the upper floors was fairly small and narrow, and I wouldn't recommend it for older people or those who are unsteady on their feet. There is a lift, but from memory it doesn't go all the way to the top floor. Breakfast was served in their well decorated restaurant area, and I always left with a full stomach. Attraction wise the hotel is next to the Natural History Museum, but more importantly it's about 5-10mins walk to the nearest tube station, which will connect you to wherever you need to go in Greater London.In summary the Queensgate is a comfortable hotel in a good location, and I'd recommend it for youngish guests who are staying for a few nights in London.	
Oct 17 2006 	Good value for London	We stayed at 130 Queensgate Apartments for 6 days in October 2006 and found it good value for London.Yes, the property is in need of some attention, with peeling wallpaper, tiles coming lose on the balcony and stained carpets. Windows were dirty, and the appearance from the road was not promising. Staff were not particularly helpful, but were efficient with the check in and check out, and kept the room very clean.The bathroom and kitchen were both very clean and the kitchen was well equipped. There was plenty of space in the bedroom, lots of cupboards and a slow, but adequate lift (important when dragging bags up to the 5th floor). One major drawback was the lack of an internet connection, though this being London there's no problem standing on the balcony and finding a wireless connection somewhere.The room was quiet and we were never disturbed by other guests or outside noise, apartment from the occasional siren in the distance.It's 5 minutes walk from 2 tube stations on the Picadilly, District and Circle lines, so you have direct access to Heathrow or all the major sites in London. Harrod's is also one stop away and the sensational Natural History Museum just 5 minutes walk up the road with the V&amp;A and Science Museum also close by.There's a Tesco express outside one of the tube stops (Gloucester Road) and a giant Sainsbury's a few bus stops away, so you can easily stock up and save on meals.But if you do want to eat out nearby South Kensington has plenty of places to dine, ranging from Indian and pizza and pasta, to a decent pub and (allegedly) the best gelateria in London. Gloucester Road, 5 minutes in the other direction, has a Starbucks and a KFC, as well as banks and money changers.We had a 1 bedroom apartment for 4, with the children sleeping in the lounge on the sofa bed. The dining table and TV were also in the lounge, so others with kids might want to consider a 2 bedroom apartment if you value your space and privacy, but we found it a good trade-off for the cheaper price.In short, 130 Queensgate apartments could do with a bit of attention, but we found it to be good value, and superbly located for London.	
Aug 9 2006 	Make sure you have good theft insurance.	Having read the reviews on this site, I thought I knew what I was in for at 130 Queensgate when I booked 4 days stay in July '06:Namely, peeling wallpaper, noisy and dysfunctional plumbing, grubby mattresses, funky elevators, the odd hole in a wall, and somewhat inattentive staff.However, the price was good, and the location is excellent. It's just 5 minutes walk from the Victoria &amp; Albert, the Natural History &amp; the Science Museums, (all three of these are free), the Albert Hall and Hyde Park are nearby, and local food stores and restaurants are also close at hand.The penthouse (#503), had a spacious living room, 2 balconies with rooftop views, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a small kitchen, was large enough for all six of us. How bad can it be? Well, I found out when we left. I believe someone at the hotel removed a new $300+ Video iPod and other items from the front of my carry-on bag when it was left unattended for just a few minutes in the lobby, during our 6:30 am departure. I saw no other guests at that time, only the hotel night staff.Also as we left, the night desk clerk tried to extract £5.58 ($11) from me for &quot;additional phone charges.&quot; He changed his mind when I asked for a printed receipt, and he could only produce one for 58 pence.After I got home, I complained, and a Mr. Martin Waller from 130 Queensgate emailed me back: &quot;As you may expect this isn’t the first complaint of this nature we have had...&quot; Er, but Mr. Waller, on the property's business cards, don't you claim &quot;Security&quot; as one of 130 Queensgate's strong points?The hotel is &quot;still investigating&quot;, and did help me file a report with the Kensington police, with the warning, however, that &quot;we expressly state that personal effect insurance is not covered by the hotel&quot;. As I wrote to the manager, Trine Oestergaard, &quot;It's most distressing to find hotel staff are untrustworthy, and a first for me in many years of travel.&quot;Anyway, don't say you weren't warned. I didn't expect perfection, far from it, but I would never stay here again. No way is it worth the hassle.	
Aug 8 2006	Foul hotel	This is a foul hotel. From the dingy, peeling paint of the exterior to the gloomy, musty, worn and dirty lobby to the faded cheapness of the dark, depressing room, every inch of this supposedly three star hotel screams slum: the lack of water pressure, the exposed fuse box in the hallway, the lumpy floor beneath the carpet, the ice-encrusted freezer, the dirty windows and industrial light fixtures and floors. A painfully uncomfortable bed. Dusty water heater in the closet. I could go on.One disreputable-looking man hovered near the front desk on my evening return. No sign of staff. Scary.Thank God I was only there for one night. Even with a substantial discount, I felt seriously ripped off.	
Jun 12 2006 	Functional in a good location	130 Queensgate is, as others state, a bit dreary on the decor side, but my family (wife, two college age children) found it a good value compared to the 4-star hotel my wife and I stayed at last year (near Buckingham Palace).We arrived early and the staff was unable to accommodate our 'arrive early' booking request. Then there was a mixup about which apartment was to be ours. We went to breakfast, after which I went to my office. When I returned we were settled in for a very decent four nights in a large two bedroom, as booked, on the third floor.We cooked in the apartment. The kitchen was adequately furnished. If I were anticipating the need for 'full fledged' cooking requirements, the kitchen would be marginal. However, we were making purchases at a Tesco Metro in the neighborhood and purposely trying to keep our meals simple to prepare (but we did eat well).We were there on the night of the smoke/fire alarm glitch (maybe they have these often?), but I went right back to sleep.A previous reviewer states that these apartments are to renovated in September 2006. I agree with the need for better windows for sound isolation. (In our subsequent journey to Scotland, I saw at least three B&amp;B facilities that had upgraded windows to new,double pane units. I guess the Scottish tourist board must be emphasizing this in its ratings.)This is a great area, and (this being London) 130 Queensgate is a good value.	
Jun 4 2006	Facelift due in September 2006 is due	I just came back from 8 days at 130 Queensgate. As most of the other clients I read the reviews and had concerns. The one thing most travelers must keep in mind is that space is at a premiem in London. We came off a 23 day Europe trip and some of the rooms we had were very small and they were going for 300. Euro a night. We rented the Penthouse 2 bedrooom. We had really wanted a 3 but my request was too late. I will note the information is very misleading. There are 2 Penhouse units on the front of the building and 2 at the back. We thought we had a balcony which in warm weather would be nice - but it was cold so it did not matter that we did not have a balcony. There are only 2 units at the back of the building with them, and they look over the Mews not the best view. The front units have 2 bathrooms - 1 extra in lieu of the balcony. Which to me is more important. The apartment is large in England space. The bed sofa needs to be upgraded to a better quality - people do use them so it would be nice to see good quality. The maid service was good. The hotel staff were good as well. We had the smoke detector problem once a day for 3 out of 8 days. We had a fire alarm go off at 4:10 the morning of our departure which ended up making a long day by 2 hours lost sleep. The biggest draw back is the decore. It needs a facelift badly, which is slated for September 2006. I am sure the prices will reflect this after the work is done. It is a beautiful building and a terrific area and some of the other buildings are in wonderful condition and the glimpes you get in the windows are amazing. The other item they need to address is the windows. They need to replace them they are single pane and the noise travels so if you are a light sleeper you may want to request a back unit. I would go back again but I am afraid the facelift may put this out of my price range. The best thing about this apartment complex is location as everyone says. You have access to 2 underground stations each 2 blocks away to the east or west. South Kensington hooks up to many other lines which makes getting around every easy. The Victoria and Alblert Museums are 1 block north of the apartment. The Albert Concert Hall is about a 10 minute walk north. Harrods is about 15 minute walk (window shopping included), to the east. Kennsington Palace is about 20 minutes north. There is so much to do in this area if walking is not a issue. I	
May 30 2006	Only OK	I stayed here a few years back, I must admit, but from the reviews I have read - I agree. The location was nice, but the 1 bedroom apartment we had was a bit shabby. Nothing was dirty, per se, but pretty worn. The part that left a bad taste in my mouth was the fact that the smoke detector kept going off in our room in the middle of the night. When we called the front desk they did not want to come and take care of it until the morning. Seeing we could not sleep with a shrill sound going off every two minutes we insisted they come in and disconnect it. The ceilings were too high to take care of it ourselves or we would have. They did finally come in and take care of it, but the batteries were never replaced and we never were extended an apology for being kept awake at all hours. I would only go back if I had no other options.	
May 19 2006	Location location location	Was hesitant about staying at 130 Queensgate after reading a number of the negative reviews, but after staying there, feel that the negative comments showed unrealistic expectations by the guests. For the price of one room with one queen bed at the Radisson on Portman Square (where my wife, my youngest and I were going to stay while farming out our teenagers to friends in London), we were able to get a complete two bedroom apartment at 130 Queensgate. The staff was courteous and helpful; the daily housekeeping was excellent; and the rooms -- while they would be improved by new furnishings and paint and patching -- were comfortable and met all our needs during our week in London. My wife and children are allergic to smoke and, although 130 Queensgate does not guarantee smokefree facilities, they insured that our apartment (one level above the street)had been thoroughly aired out prior to our arrival. The location, close to the Undergound, buses, the Victoria &amp; Albert, and a short walk to the stores and restaurants of Knightsbridge, could not have been better. Our London friends could not believe the amount of space that our apartment gave us in the neighborhood that we were in for the price that we paid. I travel frequently on business and stay at very fine places such as the Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, and Omni hotels. While 130 Queensgate cannot compare to their luxury, for me, spending my own dollars (or pounds), it was an above average value striking a perfect balance of space, function, and location. Would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 14 2006	@ 99 a night it's ok	Two of us stayed here last December.The apartment was large but needed decorating badly, peeling wallpaper, torn and worn carpets. Do not really see why they have kitchens as there is nothing to cook with. The little bit of cutlery was so old and looked terrible. There was no heating in the bathroom and it was freezing.But I got it for 99 pounds a night on ratestogo(-) so I cannot complain too much. But if I had paid full rate I would be most annoyed.Location, Location, Location cannot be beaten.All in all ok. I have stayed in worse.	
Jan 21 2006	Terrible	I hate to be an extremist, but really, this place was terrible. My husband and I took our 3 children and my parents, so we had few choices for lodging together. We paid more than $4,000 and had a dank, dreary and uncomfortable stay. I can handle the dilapitated nature of the furniture, but the beds were so bad that (no exaggeration) I came home with a green bruise on each hip! In fact, I was violently ill the last night and ended up on sofa cushions placed on the floor near the bathroom, and found I wished I had spent every night there! Additionally, the service was non-existant.	
Jan 21 2006	Good rate in a reasonable area	The biggest plus was the size of the apartment we had. There were 5 of us so we chose the large 2 bedroom apartment and compared to some hotels we have stayed in London - the place was huge. Normally it's just the 2 of us, but with the group we thought it would be better in an apartment and would only stay there again in the same situation. For the price it was pretty good, but certainly could do with some renovating!! It was well located for Museums and the tube, but I find many places near the tube, so I wouldn't choose this just for that.If you're on a budget and there are a few of you - I think it would be worth considering.	
Nov 10 2005	Discusting	When we entered the apartment the smell hit us in the face. We are two young women who didn't feel safe in there. All the windows didn't close properly. In the living room there were stains on the sofa. When we opened the wardrobe door again a discusting smell. We think the blankets that were in the bottom of the wardrobe hadn't been washed EVER! On the front door there was a heavy lock and chain. Whats that for? Our own protection? Because it was very late when we arrived we had to stay there for one night. First thing the next day we left. We would advise that you stay clear of 130 Queensgate!!!	
Nov 8 2005	Absolutely fine good value	I was worried after reading a few negative comments on Tripadvisor about the hotel being shabby and worn and not worth the cash and scarey(!) but I was pleased with what I got in comparison to what I paid. The apartment was clean, the corridor was quiet, all the necessary stuff was there, we had a lovely view from our terrace, the bathroom was great, location of apartment was brill and even got free onstreet parking as we were only there for Saturday night. Staff were all very helpful and friendly.Only one issue with our room - no batteries in the remote control! We didn't notice anything bad when we arrived in the evening as the lighting was a bit dark, but in the morning in daylight we could see that the sofa's really needed recovering as they had been stained and scrubbed a few times. This is why I'd give the hotel 3 rather than 4 stars. Other than that, a bargain.	
Nov 1 2005	Another Good Stay at 130 Queensgate	We stayed at 130 Queensgate in October 2003 and had no hesitation about going back this year - particularly as we got the same rate this year as two years ago - no increase. We had apartment 17 (two bedrooms) on the ground floor both times. The decor in the apartments is looking a little tired - but who goes to London to look at the wallpaper ??The apartment was very clean and it stayed that way thanks to the daily cleaning staff. Clean towels every day &amp; the bathroom &amp; kitchen were very clean too.The front desk staff were curteous and helpful and were very accommodating in allowing us to check in early &amp; in keeping our luggage inbetween our checking out &amp; leaving for the airport. They also arranged a car to Heathrow on the day we left - the driver arrived dead on time &amp; was very accommodating.The apartment is well located with two tube stations &amp; bus stops locally - also Waitrose at South Ken Station, plus a laundry &amp; a hairdressers just around the corner.We would definitely stay there again - althought I suspect that the apartments may be renovated in the not too distant future &amp; the price is likely to rise accordingly	
Oct 5 2005	Will Not Return	We booked a 2 bedroom apartment over the web for four people. We paid in advance. Our apartment had no hot water and the solution was to send us to a different apartment each morning for a shower. The refrigerator was missing shelf guards on the door so we couldn't put bottles the fridge. We complained but got no refund, no discount and no apology. This is definitely one to avoid if you like basic comforts.	
Sep 15 2005	Excellent location	I would agree that Queensgate is &quot;tired&quot;, however we just had the best stay, and normally we go for 5 star when in London. As there were 5 of us, we booked the Penthouse, and were very happy with it for the price, and for what we got. We had a large balcony//terrace area, with great views over London - perfect for drinking champagne in the evening!! The housekeeper was super efficient, and did all the dishes every day. Our bed was queen size, with a good bathroom, excellent water pressure, and all clean linen and towels. The kitchen was more than adequate - unless you are into gourmet cooking and want a food processor! We had 3 TVs, air con - everything we needed. There is a laundromat and supermarket close by, not to mention the tube. Would definetly stay there again.	
Aug 16 2005	Great location - a bit tattered around the edges	Recently spent 5 nights at 130 Queensgate Apartments. You can't beat the location with easy access to the Tube, museums, Hyde Park, restaurants, and shopping. We rented a 2 bedroom &quot;penthouse&quot; unit on the 5th floor. The apartments are pretty spartan, but functional. Much nicer than staying in a hotel and the daily housekeeping was a plus. Kitchen not well stocked, but adequate. The unit was showing its age with extensive water damage on the ceiling and wall in one bedroom. Furniture was comfortable, but worn. Units on this floor all have A/C which is nice. I'd stay here again (because we spend most of our time out and about) if I was able to get a good price, but there are other comparable properties in the area - so price would be the decider.	
Aug 10 2005	A good choice for a family	While a little bit tattered, One Thirty Queensgate is well located, has a pleasant staff, and plenty of room for a family. Our one bedroom apartment had a living room with a sofa bed, a large kitchen with stove, fridge and microwave, a large bathroom, and a fairly large bedroom. No a/c but fans. We paid about $275 a night thru the BA website in July, which seemed ok for London. Our apartment was on an airshaft, so was a little dark. The apartments facing Queensgate were lighter but were on a busy street. The place is near 2 tube stops, with restaurants, shops and even a laundromat. Don't expect the Ritz, but its not bad for the price in London.	
Jul 9 2005	frightening	when we arrived, we were given a basement apartment with a window near the ceiling facing the street, so all we could see were feet walking by. the apartment was cold, dark and dreary. we were three women traveling alone, asked for a room change - immediately denied. but when a male british friend of ours requested the change, we were moved to an apartment on another floor. this one had no heat, peeling wallpaper and ripped mattresses. after a day out, we came home to a wet bathroom floor. we immediately thought it was urine as most of the puddles were around the toilet. when we called for someone to come up and look at it, and after we said it looked like someone had pee-ed on the floor, we were told by the front desk person that he thought he knew who did it and we should get out of there as quickly as possible. i've never been so frightened. he actually called a taxi for us and helped us into the street at 11 PM with our suitcases. we were lucky to get a room at the nearby holiday inn (which is another story). when we went back the next day the manager told us that the toilet in the above apartment was leaking and that is where the water came from. we told her what the night front desk person had told us about &quot;knowing who did it&quot; and she was shocked.and wanted to know the name of the person who told us that and helped us leave the hotel. she immediately credited our credit card for the two nights we stayed there. all i can say is stay away from the place.	
Jan 16 2005	Brilliant location otherwise very mediocre-Dec 2004	I have just spent 6 nights in a 2 bedroom apartment with my husband, two children and my mother who joined us for 3 nights. The location is outstanding with the Victoria and Albert, Natural History and Science Museums all very close. Queensgate is a very elegant South Kensington street and there are good shops in the neighbourhood. Unfortunately, our apartment was very gloomy and I was glad I had been forewarned by previous reviewers that the apartments were &quot;tired&quot;. Our kitchen was incredibly small (we could not all fit in at the same time!), there was no washing machine or dishwasher and the paint was coming off the bathroom window frame in large chunks. All the rooms looked on to the back of the next door building and we had neither a street nor a garden view. My husband bought some flowers to cheer the place up a bit but there was no vase to put them in as only the very basics are provided (although the bedlinen and towels were good.) The surly receptionist was unhelpful so the flowers went in the teapot!Only stay here if you are going to be out working or sightseeing for a large part of the day and so just looking for a well located place to lay your head. I cannot agree with the previous reviewer who thought it good value.	
Jan 11 2005	Very nice for the price	I have stayed at the 130 Apartments on Queensgate three times in the last three years. I only had one problem in 2003, when the heat wasn't working. They immediately brought up a portable heater, which worked well, and offered me one night free the next time I would visit and stay at the apartments. They are very conveniently located, beds are nice, apartments were very clean and I found the rooms of good size. The price is very reasonable and you are pretty much on your own - just as if you are living in London. The concierge did schedule tours for us, got some of my clothes dry cleaned, and scheduled drivers, etc. I found them very efficient, just not super friendly. I had apartments on the first, second and fourth floors. We made breakfast every morning and had snacks in the evening which was great. I think it all depends what you are looking for in an apartment.	
Aug 6 2004	Great family establishment---and bargain	Great family establishment. Highly recommend for families. Convenient to Tube and supermarket. Housekeeping was great...washed and put away our pots/pans and plates in the kitchen.	
Apr 16 2004	Very Disappointed	My wife is from London and we wanted to give our kids a good first visit, so we decided to opt for a serviced apartment. Unfortunately, we chose 130 Queensgate, which is very dated in decor and very budget in standard and service. Our apartment was fairly spacious but the furnishings were very cheap and the entire flat smelled like cigarette smoke when we arrived. We are non smokers, so this was very bothersome. When we got back the place stank of air freshener to the point of suffocation. Anyways, the problems continued. Even the cleaning service was terribly poor. It was such a disappointment. They moved us to another apartment later on after complaining. We went back to London after that and stayed at Somerset in Bayswater, which was quite nice...much better than Queensgate. This Easter we stayed at 49 Lancaster Gate, which was absolutely incredible in every way. We will definitely stay there again, but we will never return to 130 Queensgate ever.	
Dec 10 2003	Good basic hotel in a great location	I'm really a Londoner, but living temporarily in Moscow. I would have no hesitation in staying at 130 Queensgate again, when we return to London with our daughter. There are no frills about this hotel, but the price was good (we paid 85 pounds a night), for which we got a good sized one bedroom apartment. We were a bit taken aback, like one of the other posters, by having to go down rather than up, when we took the lift. Yes, it would have been nice to have a room on an upper floor, with a balcony, but it's rare to find a cheap hotel with a view. Our apartment had a little paved garden out back, where my wife went to smoke.Our daughter slept in the bedroom, which had two single beds, and my wife and I slept in the sitting room, where the telly was. We were very comfortable, and it was so nice to have some space. Most budget hotel rooms are tiny, but this flat was bigger than what many first time buyers in London are used to.The staff were pleasant, although don't expect a concierge with the full bells-and-whistles. There is no room service. If you know London, and want a no-hassles large space in a great location (100 metres from South Ken tube), I definitely recommend 130 Queensgate.	
Nov 3 2003	Great location	One of our party arrived at 8.30 am and was allowed to check in straight away with no additional cost. The apartment we had was spacious and had all the amenities to allow us to enjoy some home cooking. The location was ideal for Kensington and the Royal Albert Hall (10 minutes walk away). If travelling in a small group I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2003	Make sure you get a room on a high floor	When we checked in we were told to take the elevator &quot;down&quot;. That was the first indication of a problem. The hotel is located in a great neighborhood - South Kensington - on a lovely street with lots of trees. You don't want to be on the &quot;basement&quot; level. Plus, the room smelled like cigarette smoke. We did get the staff to move us up one floor, but we decided to cut our stay short and change hotels. If you want a good location, a clean place, and a good price, this is it. If you want romance, this is not the place to find it. Just make sure you find out what floor you are on!	
Oct 31 2002	Love 130 Queensgate London	I have stayed at 130 Queensgate at least 5 times in the last 4 or 5 years. The apartments range from an efficiency, to a 3 bedroom 3 bath, and there are 2 or more Penthouse suites, with 2 bedrooms and 2 full baths. It is in excellent condition, frequently refurbished, near South Kensington &amp; Gloucester Rd. underground stops, near good restaurants and easy shopping at Sainsburys grocery store. The staff are efficient, friendly and courteous. I would not consider staying anywere else in the South Kensington area.	
