Oct 15 2009 	Perfect family accommodation in London	This is a lovely establishment which is located conveniently for travel. The staff offer a personalised service to each guest and we received great care. Felt like being at home without having to do anything! I would advise those travelling for businessor leisure (with or without a family) to consider The Langorf. The manager is an exceptional lady who always aims for excellent customer service. Great value for money in the Hampstead area.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel	The Langorf Hotel is a very nice hotel in a quiet area but still very central only a five minutes walk from the nearest subway. the rooms a very nice you can get rooms facing a beatiful garden, and they offer wi-fi in every room if you bring your laptop. if you dont have a laptop with you it is not a problem because there is internet acces in the hotel. the staff is very kind they allways greet you with a big smile and are ready to help in every situations. the breakfeast is exellent and it is served in very warm surroundings. so a very nice hotel which i definitely will visit again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Nice residential location	We've stayed three times in this hotel. Main reason being the location in recidental area in a not touristy district still providing easy access to centre and also to the Wembley events. It is an adequate tourist class hotel but the interior decoration is shabby and out-dated. Compared to other London tourist class hotels the rooms are bigger. The cleaniness is ok but not excellent. Breakfast consists of rolls, croissants, toasts, cheese, ham, eggs, cereals, yoghurt, tea, coffee, juice and fruit salads. Simple, tasty and fresh. No lettuce or any other vedgetables.They seem not have any customer registry as each time the room we have recieved has been worse. This time we got room 408 which was smallest so far and next to the elevator. The insulation is poor. We could in the first night hear the love noise from room next door luckily they left and a couple with a child stayed there instead. They have a computer in the lobby but the access to internet is not provided for free. This is so unusual nowadays that they should rethink the policy. Recommend to walk uphill to Hampstead for village kind of athmosphere: nice walks, shopping (little stores) and eating in restaurants. We've twice eated in Silva's portugese restaurant on Heath Street. Tasty food from fresh ingredients with excellent portugese wine and superb	
Sep 19 2009 	A little over-priced but we've stayed in much worse!	Our stay was generally a favourable experience, which we would be likely to repeat in the future. Staff members were friendly and helpful and provided everything we needed, including continental breakfast. The hotel is near 2 tube stations, a 24-hour Sainsbury's, a cinema, pubs and lots of restaurants, so it's convenient for most things. The hotel does not have its own car park, but it is possible to use the car park for the O2 shopping centre across the road at a cost of £10.50 for the duration of your stay. It's also very quiet, as it is located on a back street just off Finchley Road.On the down-side, the rooms are quite small and our room had a rotten window-frame with a broken catch, which leaked when it rained and you could see daylight through the wood at the bottom. Also, our tea and coffee supplies weren't replenished every day, so we had to ask for more.On the whole though, it was quite a good hotel that was an ideal base for discovering London!	
Jul 23 2009 	Reservation and billing problems	My wife and I have stayed twice at Langorf hotel. The location is convenient for places we go in North London, and the rooms - though basic - have met our needs. Unlike some other reviewers, I've found their reception staff friendly and helpful.Beware of problems with their reservation and billing systems. I booked the room through the hotel's own website, but when we arrived they had no record of our reservation. Fortunately they still had space for us, but some other travelers with reservations for longer stays were being turned away. The staff was aware that the on-line bookings didn't always reach the hotel, but obviously they'd not solved the problem.A month after our stay, I received a credit card statement billing me a second time for the same stay. The hotel didn't respond to my inquiry, and I've had to ask American Express to resolve this.	
Jul 15 2009 	good value -- within reason	By the standards of London prices, this is a reasonable hotel to stay in. However, our room was small and a bit shabby (e.g., bits of wallpaper had been torn off the wall -- why?), but the bathroom -- fairly large and certainly modern -- made up for this. Breakfast was quite ample, and included in the price. The staff were certainly friendly -- but a bit clueless (forgetting taxi orders, newspapers, etc.) On the other hand, the location is within easy walking distance of the Finchley Road station on the Jubilee Line, and a long uphill walk to Hampstead High Street --through a quiet residential area. Be warned, howecer, that there is no air conditioning, and on a hot humid London day, the [small] room can get pretty stuffy.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice place to stay	If you plan a week end in Hampstead, this is the place to stay !	
Jul 8 2009 	Decent place for an extended stay	My family went to London and Paris for a total of 12 days in 2007. We were on our own personal sightseeing death march.We booked an apartment at the Langorf which we used for 4 days, left for 5 and returned to for another 3 after we returned from Paris.The apartment had two bedrooms, a couple sleeper sofas and a dining table for 6. There was a bathroom (actually pretty nice). There was a small kitchen with a full sized fridge, stove with oven, microwave and the requisite pots and pans. There was even a washing machine for clothes. [No dryer... but there was a drying rack]The Langorf is close to a supermarket... near the scale of a suburban American market, so food was easy to get and there was plenty of choices.The hotel let us check our extra luggage while we were in Paris... at no charge if I remember correctly.	
Jun 4 2009 	Unexpectedly good value	I used to think that all budget hotels in London are nearly the same. You are getting a small room to indulge your claustrophobia (the tiniest one was in Cardiff Hotel near Paddington Station) a very spare breakfast and that be all. Well, Langorf is way better although room price is not exactly bottom-low. Outwards it looks like all of them - a red brick house on a side street near Finchley Road tube station. The area is nothing to write home about (I was hoping it'd be within reasonable distance to Hampstead Heath, but no). The lobby is tiny and crowded but my room (basement) was surprisingly big and comfortable. It was quite and I felt myself at peace after a busy day.You can get your breakfast in the morning, it is Contintental but somewhat above the bare milk, toast and cereal variety. To sum up: - it is near a tube station (though not exactly close to the center, train runs just one stop from Baker Street, but it's rather a long one)- it is near a high street where you can find shops and entertainment if you want. There is even a Russian deli.- it is clean and comfortable and the reception (thank you, Monica) was friendly and helpful.Not too bad for London, really.	
May 27 2009 	The apartment is lacking some essentials.	The Langorf is on the outskirts of London in a working class neighborhood. We spent a week in one of the apartments. When we entered, we immediately noticed a musty smell, but we were initially impressed with the roomy living room. We found the beds to be clean but with hard mattresses, and there were only 3 hangers in each of the two closets. The TV had 6 local channels, and we were surprised to see that the only US channel was The Bloomberg Channel with lots of financial news but not much else. Our biggest disappointment was in the kitchen which was lacking in what we consider some basic essentials such as plates, drinking glasses, and hand towels. So, we made our first trip from the apartment to the local Sainsbury's store and bought paper plates, drinking cups, dish soap, paper towels, a cork screw, and a new electric kettle as the one in the apartment looked very old and dirty. There is no microwave, and the fridge is small. The wireless Internet access worked well once we got the correct password from the front desk, but it cost one British Pound per hour to use. The daily maid service was a nice feature with fresh towels, but we were led to believe that breakfast was included with the price of the apartment, but it was not. The guests in the apartment above us came home late and were very noisy. The apartment is a short walk from the Finchley Road subway, and the charming village of Hampstead is just up the road. The apartment did not meet our expectations, and we wished we had found a better place to stay for a week. The price of the apartment was also 10 British Pounds a day higher than what was quoted over the Internet.	
Apr 17 2009 	A hotel in need of a makeover.	Location is the best thing about the hotel. It is 5-6 minutes from the tube and has a good supermarket and local shops close by.The breakfast selection is limited and i advise you to get to the breakfast room early as when some food stuffs run out, such as eggs, the kitchen staff would not cook any others. In fact, the kitchen staff were particularly unhelpful and spoiled what would have been a good visit.The hotel had no ice, as the ice machine was supposedly broken, and when we asked for an ice bucket we were given a china bowl! Not the best or elegant thing to put your wife's birthday champagne in!The decor and condition of the room we stayed in was somewhat dated and tired, in need of a little refurbishment and modernising.The front desk staff were friendly and helpful.Despite the criticisms the price of the room was very reasonable and its location was handy for travelling in and around London.	
Apr 1 2009 	A charming and friendly hotel	I'd recommend this hotel to anyone on a business or pleasure trip who wants to stay somewhere quiet, on a reasonable budget (for London), within easy reach of central London. The reception staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly, and seemed to really enjoy serving people. My double room was charmingly decorated and very cosy - although as a single traveller I must say that it would have been a squeeze for two people with luggage. However the staff had made it ready for me for early check-in; had I arrived later I probably would have been given a larger room - there were many. But for one person it was perfect.The hotel is in a very attractive and quiet road, 5 mins' walk from Finchley Road underground station, which is only half a dozen stops away from Oxford St and other central London attractions.I stayed there for two nights and I really didn't want to leave! The only downside is that the hotel doesn't serve a cooked English breakfast, but the continental one isn't bad at all.	
Apr 1 2009 	A very pleasent stay.	A small clean and quite hotel in a good area. we will come again.Nili and Dorith from Israel	
Mar 9 2009 	Would stay there again	Just spent one night in the hotel while visiting a relative in London. The location, as other guests have stated, was perfect for Hampstead Heath and the tube into the city. The room was more than adequate, clean and comfortable for a couple of nights and it was a change from chain hotels with long corridors. The bathroom was not huge, but larger than many and had a very efficient heater and hooks on the back of the door! It was generally very clean, but the shower surround had seen better days and let it down a little. However, the shower itself was very effective and there was plenty of hot water. Unfortunately we stayed when there were howling gales and the window did rattle until we wedged it with a serviette! Problem solved.Breakfast was more than sufficient and there was a large choice of cereals, fruit, breads, pastries, meats and cheeses. We arrived for breakfast around 8.45 on the Sunday and there was plenty of space. We did not feel hurried in any way, because on that particular morning there were no queues.We found the staff very friendly, professional and helpful and could not fault them at all. Particularly at breakfast time, they went out of their way to please. Having stayed in numerous hotels throughout the British Isles, I have to admit this is one of the better experiences.	
Mar 4 2009 	Farcically bad service: avoid like the plague	I don't think I have ever encountered such bad service at a hotel. I did wonder if I'd wondered onto the set of Fawlty Towers. I stayed at the Langorf for one night with 2 friends, one of whom was getting married at Kenwood House the next day. The staff treated us like an inconvenience throughout our stay. On arrival at the main reception, laden with bags and luggage, a staff member glanced up, told me my apartment was up the road and left. I wondered down the street lost and unable to locate the place and had to ring my friend to find out where to go. Would it have been too much trouble to walk me to my room, maybe grab one of my bags while you're at it? There was insufficient linen in the room and the hotel wouldnt supply more. I slept on a matress with a blanket and no sheets. There were 2 towels to share between 3 guests.There was no hairdryer in the room. I rang reception to request one. A staff member knocked on our door - not to bring a hairdryer but to search our cupboards to check that there wasn't a hairdryer before sending someone else round with one. I mean - why would we make up the fact that there wasnt one?Staf at the main desk couldn't speak enough English to understand me when I went to ask for a safety pin.The final insult? We had agreed on booking that we would check out at one, rather than 12, as my friend was getting married at 1.30 pm. On the morning of the wedding, staff asked us to leave at 12 o clock - even though there were no guests moving into our room - they wanted the bride to wait in the road for an hour on the morning of her wedding so they could clean the room. My friend who was nervous anyway was nearly in tears. We basically refused to leave until the preplanned time but they were not happy about it.I imagine they are this rude because there are not many hotels in Hamspead so there is no competition. Avoid like the plague.	
Feb 25 2009 	Perfect location	This hotel is perfectly located in a residential street just a 10 minute walk from Hampstead High Street and tube and 5 minutes from Finchley Road tube. We were going to an engagement party in London on Valentines and only booked this hotel a week before. We got an excellent online rate, £75 B &amp; B with a bottle of wine. When we checked in we were upgraded to a one bedroomed flat. The hotel is actually 3 town houses next door to each other and the flat was in the end house. It was very clean and comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is continental buffet style and there was plenty of choice, cold meats, cheeses, eggs, fruit, pastries etc. Only one negative on our stay, breakfast was very busy and we had to wiat 10 minutes for a table, that said, it shows the hotel is popular. The hotel has a bar and the reception is a comfortable place to read the dailies. I would recommend highly for a city break trip to London, excellent value if you want to stay centrally without getting ripped off.	
Oct 28 2008 	helpfull staff	We had an enjoyable one night stay to see a show.Although the room was small, it was clean and adequate.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and all were very friendly. The position is close to the tube and parking at a nearby supermarket is convenient ( £10.50). Breakfast was good and served till 9.30. We would certainly return.	
Aug 11 2008 	Pleasant Hotel	We stayed at the Langorf for 3 nights in the two bedroom apartment. Requested the ground floor apartment because of experience in other Euro hotels not having lifts (elevators). Little did we know ground floor is below street level. However the accomodations were clean, tidy and freshly painted. Staff we encountered were very pleasant, informative and accomodating. Area is easily accesible to Finchley road tube and other amenities in the Finchley Road area. Continental breakfast in the morning is more than suffice to get your day started. Only negative comments were inconsiderate guests in above apt, who stomped across the floor very early in the morning and late at night and guests who chose to smoke outside hotel and toss cigarette butts over wall onto steps leading to apt. although these minor issues would not deter us from going back	
Jun 29 2008 	Quiet and Homey But Near Everything You Need	More charm than a chain hotel, with decent furnishings and clean bathrooms. We stayed in a room on the third floor that fronted the hotel and slept with our window open every night. No bugs and amazingly, in London, no noise. The street is as quiet as a suburban road in the U.S. Our three kids shared a room down in the ground level, with a bow window facing the garden. We didn't spend a lot of time hanging out in our rooms, as we were in London to &quot;see and do.&quot; For three nights, the accommodations were perfect. Longer, and with more time in the room, it would have felt too cramped. The location is ideal, with Hampstead up the hill, and Finchley Road downhill. We caught the Metro at Finchley, a five minute walk to from the Langorf. We ate a couple meals at the &quot;O2 Centre&quot; (mall) down on Finchley Road, and could buy anything we needed, fruit, nuts, snacks, from Tesco, located there. We really liked Nandos, the Argentinian restaurant at the O2, even though it is a chain. Wheat, a restaurant up at Hempstead, was a pleasant surprise.	
Jun 11 2008 	Fourth Stay - Same Fun Family Stay	This was our fourth stay at the Langorf and we still enjoy the place. We have stayed in their apartments as well as hotel rooms. Its clean and maybe a little worn but it has character and a nice way about it. We are not the type to use room service and do not expect amenities here. Normally, we would buy our own goodies and use the dining room for some snacking. On this last trip, we went downstairs to the bar area and ordered some wine and cheese. Frankly, the individual behind the desk fell over himself trying to accommodate us and we were surprised with the quality of our cheese plate. We would have expected something very ordinary because we don't use this hotel other than a base of operations to be near some London-based family members. We were a group of five this time and became larger when family visited. Its relaxed environment allows us to bring in our wine and sit in the dining area to the early morning hours talking and laughing without feeling that we are bothering anyone.It seems to have new management or ownership. I'm not sure which but the front desk people were helpful and friendly. I'm sorry to hear that some people did not like their visits. For some reason, I'm not surprised about some conditions but feel they would be addressed if brought to management's attention. In any event, its a great value. We have stayed at other locations in this neighborhood but continue to go back to the Langorf.	
May 23 2008	Grotty little hole	How can anyone in their right mind think it is acceptable to give guests a bedspread with obvious bloodstains on it? Add to that an unfixed broken window, a filthy carpet which looked like it hadn't been cleaned or replaced in twenty years, a broken toilet seat and extremely dated decor. I am amazed this place has had such good reviews off others - was I spectacularly unlucky in the room I was allotted? In my opinion, hotels which show this kind of contempt towards their guests deserve to go out of business. Only stay here if you are desperate.	
Apr 22 2008 	excellent servicehigh standard	From the first approach till check out I had a very positive opinion about the Hotel.reception is well organised,helpful,kind,rooms are absolutely spotless,nicely refurbished.We had a quite spacious room comparing to other hotel rooms in London.The location is perfect,10 minutes from centre,but still nice residental area.I recommend it to all who are planning to travel to London,and wants to get a high standard for their money.	
Apr 18 2008 	Good value for money	Staff really friendly, clean and cute room and good position of the hotel. Lovely, terrific.	
Apr 5 2008 	Gone downhill	This was my third stay at the Langorf in the last 3 years. I must say that although it is still good value for money, it desperately needs to be refurbished! The chair in the room had a few nasty stains on it and the wallpaper was peeling off in the corners. Never the less, the room was clean and comfortable. The lift was out of order in the morning. The service also has got worse and when I asked for an ironing board for the room I was told they did not have time to deliver it so I would need to collect it from the reception. I wouldn't mind if this was said in a polite manner but the receptionist seemed very rude. However the other staff seemed friendly and when we got back from a gig in the evening it was nice to be able to have a few drinks in the hotel bar. A word of warning: if you want a late night snack, go elsewhere as they can only provide what can be only described as toast made out of 'value' bread with some 'plastic' cheese and tomatoe!! I stay in Finchley Road area quite often and this is still the best value hotel in the area so I will probably stay again.	
Mar 11 2008	Well above average	I found this an excellent small hotel of its type - independent, unpretentious, quiet and comfortable. The room I stayed in was just fine, clean and spacious. Nothing showy about it, but for the price that's all I wanted. Breakfast was good enough and served by friendly staff. A couple of tips: there is a good public pool in Swiss Cottage, 15 minutes walk away, and excellent shopping on Finchley Road. The tube at Finchley Road can take you to concert halls, shopping &amp; museums in 10/15 minutes, or there is the overground train from Finchley Road &amp; Frognal which can take you around the city from Richmond at one end to Stratford at the other. I can't explain the comments of the person who hated the apartments - I didnt see those - but for a clean safe overnight stay, especially if you want to be out of the centre of the city, this is definitely recommended.	
Mar 8 2008 	who took the photos for the web site?	I have just stayed at this hotel...langorf, we had an appartment...which was described as two bedroom...top floor 5 flights of stairs, no lift , one of the rooms was 'a shoe box' with a tiny single bed in the eaves you could not sit up in it..the tiny kitchen was absolutely filthy....the sink did not work in the bathroom and the grime around the walls, shower and sink was a disgrace, it was the same for the all the rooms. there was nothing goodfor this the fee was £170 per night. the web site is very clever!!!!I have never in all my life stayed some where so bad...needless to say we checked out early curtailing our stay in london.not recommended.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Stay	Great Stay! We reserved on-line and were happy to see that our reservation had been received by the hotel. Location is great (no more than 5 minutes to the tube) and out of the more expensive core of London. Friendly staff, delicious breakfast, clean rooms and bathrooms. Internet access for 1pound (=20 minutes). 24HR front desk, and 24HR Pizza parlour down the street for those suffering from jet lag. :)Our room could have been considered slightly small if travelling with a lot of luggage, but friend's room was spacious. Stayed 3 nights, and would definetely go back. (our only concern was the security - you must leave your room key at the front desk. (unusual for NA hotels). No problems though - had a great experience, although I would not leave valuables in the room).	
Feb 9 2008 	Langorf has the friendliest staff	I stayed at the Langorf for 2 days. I chose it for the proximity to the Royal Free Hospital which I was visiting. Room was not large - but clean and welcoming.The staff were so friendly and fulfilled all my requests with a smile. I found out once I was there that the o2 centre with some reasonable choices for family restaurants was a bonus. If you are flying, the Luton and Stanstead express buses pass by on the Finchley Road	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Hotel lovely staff	Great place, great location great staff.This is not one of those hotel chain where everything looks the same regardless the country you are visiting. This hotel has its own character and is unique. The staff is very friendly, professional and always available.I have been coming to the the Langorf on a regular basis for the last two years and I higly recommend it.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good hotel	We enjoyed our stay at the Langorf - it was well located and a good price. The breakfast, considering it was a 'continental' buffet was also very good and the staff were friendly. The room was fairly small, but it was quiet and comfortable. Our main complaint would be were that we were denied breakfast after 9.30 on a Bank Holiday Monday, despite it being advertised until 10.00 on weekends and holidays. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 22 2007 	An Okay Stay	Arrived at 6 p.m. on a Saturday and luckily found street parking right outside. First impressions from the outside were good. Reception is small and a bit dowdy, but my wife &amp; I were booked in quickly and efficiently. The room and facilities were basic, but it was clean and resonably comfortable. I slept well although my wife was kept awake by a noisy party across the road, but I can't blame the hotel for that! The continental breakfast choice was good. Staff were friendly &amp; efficient. So for a one night stay we were happy with our choice for the rate we paid. We'd go back again. A reasonable hotel at a reasonable price.	
Nov 19 2006	Let Down by Poor Service	Wanting to stay in North London, in a good quality hotel, we were attracted by both the Tripadvisor reviews and the hotel's own website, appearing to depict a hotel that was striving to provide a professional and reliable service.Although initially reassured, on arrival, by the good location and pleasant reception, on entering our first room, we were confronted by an umade bed, a dirty ashtray and an uncleaned bathroom.Mistakes happen, so we were pleased to be promptly offered a new room, which was fine, even though for the price the worn curtains and battered side table were a bit dispiriting.We would have left the Langorf with a relatively positive impression, had it not been for the what lay in store when we went down to breakfast. Arriving at the breakfast room at five minutes to ten on Sunday, having been told breakfast was available until ten, we were abruptly and dismissively told we were too late and that the kitchen was closed as they needed to prepare for a conference. We were disappointed not to be able to get breakfast, as this was a consideration in deciding whether the hotel was a good deal. However, it was the way in which the hotel staff appeared totally unconcerned by our predicament, making it quite clear that preparation for a conference was far more important to them than treating their guests with civility, that really upset us. On explaining how we felt, the reply was that as the manager would not be in till Monday, there was nothing that could be done.We left the hotel very disappointed; for somehere that is aspiring to be a notch above a standard local hotel, it needs to pay far more attention to providing its guests with basic good service and consideration.	
Oct 31 2006 	Good Accomodation just out of the centre of expensive London	Our family of four, stayed for 5 nights in an apartment, remember that London is one of the most expensive places to get accomodation, so just 10mins on their wonderful tube system, and a 5 min walk ,made the GBP$150 per night an affordable option. We had breakfast once and at GBP$13 per person, considered other budget options, the apartment was fully equipt with stove, toaster and kettle, so getting your own supplies from the corner store reduced the cost considerably. The apartment was located on the top floor of three with NO lift and a very narrow staircase, so our numerous heavy bags provided quite a workout, I would not recommend the apartment to someone who is physically challanged. Close by is a supermarket , numerous takeaway stores ( pizza, chinese and hamburger), 7-eleven type store and a couple of pubs	
Sep 24 2006 	Good for families	My wife and I stayed with our 9 month old daughter for a week. As the hotel was busy we stayed in both a 1 bedroom apartment and a studio apartment as we couldn't book the full week in either. The staff were helpful and polite, the rooms were very clean and tidy. The 1 bed apt could have done with renovation as was looking a bit dated, but as said was clean, tidy and comfortable. The studio was much more modern, and having seen both rooms would book the studio over the 1 bed apt. Staying with a young child, it was a bonus to have a proper kitchen in both rooms, as it made eating a lot easier as well as dealing with the baby bottles, and both rooms had clothes washer/driers. Baby bed and high chair were provided. My only small complaint is that I was told there was a wireless LAN available, however this wasn't the case. There is internet access available, but you have to go to reception and plug in a LAN cable. Overall I would say that the Langorf is good value for money, good for families and is in a good location to for public transport. Would stay there again. By the way a black cab driver told me that the name of the hotel comes from the street it's in. Frognal spelt backwards!	
Jul 25 2006 	Quite a gem	My wife and I stayed for just one Friday night in July. For the price we found the hotel to be clean &amp; quiet and in a beautiful position. 5 minutes walk from Hampstead village. A 4 bedroom house backing onto the hotel was on the market for £2.2 million! The hotel is meant to be simple and we hate paying for facilities that we won't use. We would go back to the Langorf anytime. Can't understand the whingeing reviews. Glad I don't know the girl who couldn't get into a Hilton.	
Apr 12 2006	Ideal Location	Stayed with 4 friends in one of the Langorf apartments for a week. The location was ideal for us - 5min walk to the tube, and so many facilities on our doorstep - pubs, sainsburys, restaurants &amp; take-aways. We had a ground floor apartment, and the shower broke on the 1st day, but they fixed it promptly. The kitchen was well serviced, like a home away from home. The rooms were clean and well-sized, though perhaps could do with a bit of a face-lift. Ideal for a group of young friends sharing I'd say.	
Apr 7 2006	OK	Hotel was pleasant in nice area within easy walk of Underground. There were good restaurants, groceries, and a nice shopping center within a block. Rooms were a bit small and beds were not comfortable.	
Dec 10 2005 	Never again	I currently travel to London on a weekly basis and the company I work for normally book me into Hilton/Holiday Inn/Novotel etc. However this particular day London was very busy and the hotel agency could only offer the Langorf Hotel. I looked at their website and tripadvisor and thought it looks ok - it was only for one night. What a mistake!! When I arrived at the hotel I checked in and went to my room which was chinzy but clean, however there was an awful banging noise coming from somewhere so I went to reception and was told it was the boiler which was faulty and suggested I turned the radiator knob down as this might stop it - it didn't. Whilst I was at reception I enquired about an evening meal - the receptionist said they really don't do meals but took me to the kitchen and offered to make me a cheese toastie!! being a female on my own I was very reluctant to find somewhere to eat so I accepted her offer. Could it get any worse?? I was awoken at 1.00am by someone hanging around outside my bedroom door. I phoned reception who came and I heard them ask this man to move and get out!!.After trying to get back to sleep I was then woken by the banging of the boiler again at 5.00am - at this point I decided to get up. I was going to have their continental breakfast but it didn't start til 7.30am so I asked for the bill and went to work early. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 9 2005 	Very pleasant stay	A nice clean friendly hotel. Breakfast very basic but this is reflected in the excellent price for B&amp;B.The last review was a bit harsh. All the staff seemed friendly and the main noise came from emergency sirens in the nearby Finchley Road.A good position for public transport. On street parking not so good.If you prefer a chain type hotel this is probably not for you. Owners have recently aquired a bar licence and there is 24 hour room service.All in all a lovely hotel.	
Sep 19 2005	Horrid noisy unfriendly	Horrid, noisy, unfriendly.	
Dec 26 2004	Great!	Excellent value, very &quot;british&quot; ... A very warm welcome too and nice breakfast!But avoid coming with your car as the parking is very expensive...	
Sep 29 2004	A quiet retreat	We stayed at Langorf Hotel in Hampstead which is 5 miles from the centre of London close to major train stations. It is a wonderful area full of majestic old homes and the renowed Hampstead Heath which could be explored for days. The apartment was very comfortable and quiet and still only a bus trip or tube ride to all the major attractions. Hampstead is very cosmopolitan and stylish with many restaurants and galleries as well as well stocked supermarkets. It was a great choice with children as we had more flexibility in planning meals. The only criticism was that the small kitchen did not have a microwave. If carrying heavy luggage, make sure you ask for an apartment on a lower floor. Breakfasts were great and are usually extra but you might be able to negotiate it in the price of the apartment. Our apartment was 150 Sterling per night for 2 bedrooms which was very good value compared to other London accomodation.	
Aug 3 2004	typical english country house in london	I really liked my stay at the Langorf. The hotel is in a quiet street off busy Finchley Road.There you have great public transport (still in the cheap tube zone 2- off peak travelcard available)via two tube lines and several buses (incl. night buses ) to the West End or City or even a train station (Finchley Rd and Frognal)with direct trains to beautiful Richmond on Thames and Kew Botanical Gardens. Oxford Street (Bond Street Tube stop) just 3 tube stops away. A big advantage is the bus stop for the coaches from Luton and Stanstead Airport right around the corner, 5 min walk.. This means you do not have to go to Central London from the airport to get to your hotel (heavy traffic) which saves you time.The room was nicely furnished and really quiet. Breakfast was served in a really nice breakfast room with view into the back garden. You really felt like in a country house and not in the bustling capital city. It is a nice walk to Hampstead village, one of the nicest parts of London and there are lots of shops, supermarkets and places to eat around Finchley Rd. tube station.Probably my favourite place to stay in London in this star rating category and I go to London regulary and used to live there.	
Mar 8 2004	Small and Welcoming Hotel	I've stayed here three times on various visits to London and have always had a wonderful experience. The Frognal is a quiet and charming hotel that looks and feels more expensive than it is, both on the inside and out. The morning breakfast buffet is abundant and fresh. Both the bathrooms and the room itself are very clean. The only downside is that it's near the St. Johns Wood tube stop which you can see on a tube map is a bit of a ride from most tourist attractions in central London. You won't exactly be in the center of the action, but you will be in a quiet and charming neighborhood.	
Jan 21 2003	Great bargain	Whenever I travel to London, I always stay at the Langorf Hotel because it is a very nice hotel, close to a tube stop, and in a quiet neighborhood. The rooms are bright and comfortable and the staff is very helpful. It feels like a much pricier hotel than what it costs to stay there. There are also very nice restaurants within walking distance.	
Jan 21 2003	addattamento		
Oct 29 2009 	Excelente hotel en una excelente zona!		
Sep 13 2009 	Davvero soddisfatto		
Sep 4 2009 	très très correct pour le prix		
Aug 12 2009	Il mio soggiorno		
Jun 3 2009 	Super gelegen aber leider ziemlich schmutzig		
Apr 26 2009 	Fuimos enganados per el hotel		
Apr 19 2009 	Quiete londinese		
Nov 20 2008 	Fuimos robados. No tiene ninguna seguridad.		
Jan 23 2008 	stai attento		
