Oct 22 2009 	Perfect Location	A perfect location for The Royal Brompton Hospital. Perfect for a one nights stay. Hotel room very clean and adequate for our needs and it was nice to have breakfast in the room. Would recommend as value for money and closeness to tube.	
Aug 30 2009 	Clean and good location	i stayed in brompton hotel with my partner. the room was nice and clean. we even have fridge in our room. staff were polite and very nice. we love the hotel and its location . perfect for london. cheap and nice place to stay.	
Aug 29 2009	A miserable experience	The ONLY thing this place has going for it is the close proximity to South Kensington Tube. I don't know where the rooms on their website were - we certainly didn't get one!We arrived late at night from Paris and were given a room that backed onto concrete walls with escape ladders against them . The temperature in the room must have been almost 50C so we had to sleep with the freestanding floor fan on full blast in order to get some relief BUT the noise of the fan kept us awake. Cluttered room space, cheap laminate furniture and nylon bedspread complete the picture.The bathroom was the smallest I have ever encountered; the door wouldn't stay open and when we were showering one elbow banged against one wall and the other elbow bashed against the shower door. It was so cramped. Plus, the shower temperature was stuck on very hot so we could not stand under it without being scalded. This was at 11 p.m. with our suitcases already opened and another 'plane to catch the next morning. What a disaster.We almost cried when we walked into this place, and if it hadn't been so late at night we would have left immediately.I think this place would suit younger people, a step up from backpacking perhaps, or those with very low expectations?	
Aug 13 2009 	wont stay anymore	i was terrified when i arrived the hotel as there's no lift! i need to drag my huge luggage up 4 levels to my room. nobody will help u in the luggage. basically, no service here. if u r staying w/ elderly, u MUST avoid it since it is definitely not suitable. the location is great and easily accessible to the tube and harrods.	
Jul 21 2009 	Avoid at all costs!	We had an &quot;Executive Room&quot; which is the best they provide and it was up about 4 flights of increasingly narrow stairways with no lift. One of the single beds was broken, both beds had filthy linens with visible hairs on the coverlets and on the sheets. The futon (!!) that was an extra sleeping surface had a cover on it that looked as though it had never been laundered. The bath had been updated but the rest of the room was embarrassingly shabby and poorly maintained. The high-speed internet they said was available was from a wireless router 4 floors below behind the reception counter and was barely 1 bar in our room - we had to use a public signal from a nearby business that was hit and miss. Simply terrible - this hotel takes advantage of tourists due to its good location to the tube and central London location and makes no apologies about it. We chose to pay a 1 night penalty and move out to Heathrow and just ride the tube in each day - turned out to be cheaper all the way around and we stayed at a reputable and CLEAN modern hotel just further out. Horrible experience - we laugh about it now, but were in tears at the time. Please feel free to contact me, we have pictures to share, just had trouble uploading. Don't fall for their slick website - do your research and you'll be much happier.	
Feb 2 2009 	Do not stay here!!	We stayed at the Brompton for one week, we had to pay up front because we were given a special rate, this was not worth it! The room was dirty, the walls looked like they had never been cleaned there were coffee and other stains all over the table cloths and the bed spread smelt weird. On day 3 the internet went down and the staff refused to help, even though we told them before our stay that it was crucial we had the internet to do business. On day 4 we had our clothes washed, one of our sweaters came back badly ripped when we complained they blamed us for damaging the sweater and refused to help. The staff were rude and unhelpful when it came to handling any sort of situations that may have arisen. When we complained about this we were told we couldn't expect much for the rate we were given!! Not even electricity and a functioning shower tap!!	
Dec 26 2008 	Nice Clean Hotel what else you expect Good value for money	I have recently been to this hotel.Superb Location just 2 mins walk from South Kensignton Tube station. I was looking around to stay on my last day in london and came across this hotel. its very clean as compared to other hotels i stayed in london before. Rooms are clean and good customer service along with breakfast served to room which i liked most. Breakfast is continental but its inclusive that good thing. most hotels around south kensignton are very expensive as compared to brompton hotel. so i can say its good value for money	
Nov 25 2008 	Meh	Now, truth be told - this is a really average hotel, with dusty rooms, and a REALLY cramped bathroom. BUT compared to other London Hotels in this price range? It's pretty good. Great location - would I go again? mmmm, nah - increase your budget and stay somewhere nicer!	
Nov 9 2008	Great location but minimal service	I stayed here for an extra night in London at the end of a business trip, on the advice of an Eyewitness guide. The location is great- around the corner from the South Kensington tube. But the hotel was not much better than a hostel. The bathroom was tiny and the door would not stay open. The toilet barely worked; the shower was in need of repair. There is nowhere to have breakfast- they bring it to your room. And the staff is very rude- asking for directions prompted rolled eyes and snarky comments.	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't believe the Website	This hotel is nothing like that advertised on their website. The rooms were very small and looked out over piles of rubbish and needed a good clean. The bed was like sleeping on the floor and the bathroom so small you had to squeeze round the door to get in past the toilet! Would we stay there again - only if the rest of London falls into the Thames!	
Aug 21 2008 	Terrible value for money - very dissapointing	Got stranded in London and decided to stay here at short notice. Judging by the pictures shown on their website it looked great. In reality it was awful, depressing, small and the matress was so cheap it was like sleeping on the floor. The shower didn't work properly and the shower controls fell off in my hand. We also switched rooms once because of the high noise volumes. We had to ask for extra towels because both rooms allocated to us had only one towel available for guests per room.The continental breakfast was a joke, consisting of a boiled egg &amp; two slices of toast each with tea or coffee.AVOID the bar located on the ground floor of this hotel (Janet's Bar) We paid over £10 for one small bottle of beer and a small glass of undrinkable cheap wine.Places like this really make me sick, they prey on tourists who maybe unfamiliar with the area and over charge ridiculously.Trust me, I work in the South Kensington area and I'm positive you can find a lot better without even trying.	
May 14 2008 	Had to switch hotels	Wow, this was a disappointment. The only thing going for the Brompton is its fabulous South Ken location, minutes from the tube. Everything else was horrible. We had an &quot;executive&quot; room--it was up on the 5th floor (no lift) and the a/c didn't work, so it was uncomfortably hot the whole time. The headboards were ripped and stained, the beds themselves narrow, saggy, and uncomfortable, with pillows the thickness of pancakes. The couch was also ripped and stained, and the carpet was too creepy to walk on barefoot. On one of our two mornings there, there was no water in the bathroom. For over 2 hours. And although we were paying for internet, it was a very weak signal and kept coming in and out. We finally couldn't handle it anymore and had to switch hotels; we gave them 24 hours notice but they refused to refund us, saying they needed &quot;72 hours notice.&quot; 72 hours? Are you kidding me?If this hotel were $40/night, I could understand. But at six times that, I was expecting comfort and cleanliness. This hotel has neither.	
Nov 7 2007 	Excellent Value	Our holiday was snatched from the jaws of disaster when we discovered, completely by accident, the Brompton Hotel. We had gone to great pains to book a hotel in advance that seemed perfect, but it was far from it (separate review). We found the Brompton around the corner and it was a pleasant surprise. We switched hotels immediately.The staff are very friendly and helpful. The airy room had a nice bathroom, a refrigerator, free Wifi internet access, tea &amp; coffee. Fantastic location. Not the fanciest hotel, but very comfortable and an excellent value.	
Oct 19 2007 	Decent Value Great Location	Quaint hotel in a fantastic location, prices were very reasonable for a London hotel. Didn't have any water one night out of three, but room was very spacious and clean. No lift/elevator, so if you're staying on the top floors you will need to drag your bags up. Great location only seconds from the tube and not much noise from the city streets. I would recommend this place to travelers who want to see London and not stay in the room all day.	
Oct 2 2007 	Good value for the money	We were booked for only one night but the room was clean, looked like all the furnishings were relaitively new and the bathroom had just been remodeled. The room also had a small closet with a refrigerator, etc. The location is excellent...very easy walking distance to Harrod's, Hyde park, musuems. Tube station is less than a block. Everyone we encountered was very pleasant and went out of their way to be helpful. We would most definitely stay there again.	
Oct 1 2007 	Appearances are definitely deceptive!!!	This hotel is NOTHING like their web site, they should be targeted by the Trading Standards Office!!! IT IS VERY, VERY SHABBY !!!!On the site, it gives the impression of being a good standard of accommodation, when in actuality the room we were in fell well below our expected standards. Our room, a supposed 'Deluxe Triple' was dreadful! It reminded you of poor 'student' accommodation. The furniture was old shabby and very dated, the carpet was dirty, the fridge in the room was full size and old, it was noisy and very close to the bed.Wallpaper was hanging off, paintwork was filthy. Most worrying and very unsafe, were plug sockets hanging off the walls. There did not appear to be an obvious alternate fire escape route, except the main entrance and no fire regulation information was displayed in the room. Probably the most annoying thing of all at this hotel was the noise in the early hours of the morning. It sounded like 'freshers week', people chasing each other and shouting.Do not be fooled by the lure of its location, although it omits to mention that it is sandwiched between shops, bars and right on the junction of major traffic lights. Yes it's very near the tube station, but so to are many other high standard hotels which on inspection actually deliver what their web sites say!!!!Thankfully one nights stay in The Brompton was most definitely enough. On a positive note, our sight-seeing trip was fantastic and we thoroughly enjoyed that part of it.	
Sep 25 2007	Familiar Environment	This is a small hotel with a very good relation between quality and price. It's like a tipical English house with a familiar environment, it's really well located, and the best is that breakfast is served at room!!!! If I have the possibility of going back to London, I will go back to Brompton Hotel.	
Sep 11 2007	Small Room	We stayed at the Brompton, and were very surprised that the room was so small, mad eworse by the overstuffing of unecessary furniture. Breakfast was provided, but was stone cold by the time we got it each morning. But on the plus side, just down the road from the South Kensington tube station.	
Apr 23 2007 	Worse Hotel in London 	One of the worst hotels ive ever stayed in!!! Room was nothing like the pic!said double bed and they gave me two singles and said push it together and theres your double quite literally! dark room like a cellar! horrible bathroom!just imagine a bunker and it was worse than that!!!NEVER STAY	
Mar 12 2007 	Horrible place!!!!	FILTHY! I booked through their website for 3 nights. The pictures on the internet were quite nice so I trusted that the place was ok and confortable. DO NOT TRUST them!!!!The manager is unfriendly and not helpful at all. The rooms too small, horrible furniture, the bathroom old and unconfortable. Extremely small. Dirty carpets. Dirty and very old bed linen, not big enough to cover the whole mattress.No breakfast room... they bring a very tiny and unsatisfyingly breakfast to your room. Do not go there!Brunella Bordoni and Lanfranco Barbieri	
Dec 11 2006 	not good	Only stayed one night but I think that was enough!! The memebr of staff when booking in was very rude. He couldn't even be bothered to tell us where our room was, and considering it was down a few corridors and up loads of stairs we ended up getting lost...it also didn't help that the rooms on that level didn't have any numbers on them, so we ended up trying to open many doors!!We didn't come across any bed bugs but the tiles on the floor of the bathroom were broken (dangerous), and the shower wasn't working. The water coming out was scolding hot so to turn it off I had to cover my arm with a towel.I have stayed in some pretty bad hotels in my time but this I just found sad. It could be a wonderful hotel; perfect location and a quite a nice building. Be prepared to pay for your room in advance!!!	
Nov 25 2006 	Excellent stay no problems	My parter and I had read many previous reviews of this hotel and were some what hesitant, however having now stayed at the hotel and firmly say our stay was excellent and we and other guests staying at the time whoem we spoke to also seemed very satisfied.The hotels location is faboulous and so central to everying, and the size and decor of the room we stayed in was far better than other larger hotels we have stayed in in the past. Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel...	
Sep 27 2006	Don't stay! Disgusting! Filthy! Bugs! 	I only booked because this was described as a Three Star Hotel. It is not! - NO lift (and some of the rooms are four storeys up). - NO public reception rooms. - 'Sod-you' attitude from the ever-changing staff behind 'Reception' (a tiny cubicle on a landing). - A 'breakfast' that would not look out of place in a Jail - a plastic tray shoved outside your door - cheap bread for 'toast', little plastic-packed pat of butter, same for jam, Lidl orange juice, a boiled egg. That's it! No choice at all.And most of all...DIRTY rooms, DISGUSTING bathrooms, and BUGS!I stopped four nights, and had to change rooms three times. First room was so indescribably filthy I refused to sleep in the bed at all - ripped the cotton sheet out, placed it on top, and slept under my own shawl. The decor: stained, grubby, gritty carpet full of spill marks and fag burns; floral wallpaper from the eighties with stains and marks all over it; bedhead and wall lamps thick with dust. The net curtain at the window was black, it was so dirty. There were accretions of brown grime in all the corners of the bathroom, and only lukewam water would come out of the faucets. The room adjoined the disgusting 'Janet's Bar' (a gloomy little shack under separate ownership, but next door) - and they held 'singalongs' until 1 - 2 a.m. Every word was audible thorugh the paper-thin walls. I got NO sleep at all.I could not check out because my friend was also staying in a separate room, and she had flown into the country to see me. So I insisted on moving room. Second room was also grubby, shabby, dusty; but not noisy. Found BUGS crawling on the bed. I have captured one and am sending it to Environmental Health. I suspect it to be a cockroach.Do not go to this hotel! It is a doss house.	
Aug 17 2006 	Excellent stay!	We stayed in the Brompton hotel for 3 nights. I booked the hotel through laterooms.com even though I had seen some positive and negative reviews of the hotel on this site.Our stay was great. The location of the hotel is excellent, just next to the South Kensington tube station. Everything in the hotel was clean and looked new. I think they have done some renovations lately. The double room we had was not too small and the bathroom was very clean and of a comfortable size. I can recommend this hotel to everybody.	
Aug 14 2006 	BED BUGS!!!	Booked 2 double bedrooms on 13 of August 2006 (Saturday). Receptionist was very helpful. Rooms are very small. Except one little thing...bed bugs.Woke up around 3 at night because right foot got itchy. Didn't pay much attention to it (should have). Next morning I had my both legs, whole back and chest covered in light pink spots of different sizes and shapes. Found 2 redish 5mm bed bugs in bed. Went to the bathroom and to my surprise found 3rd bug in the sink.Next afternoon I met hotel manager who at first refused to refund full amount of money for 2 double bedrooms. 15 minutes later I got my money.On next day pink spots turned into red (Sunday). The whole day felt dizzy and had a pain in right hand.I'm seeing a GP very shorlty and post back if have more news.	
Aug 8 2006	I had serious problems with a faulty window which crushed my finger	I found the staff seriously unhelpful - after I crushed my finger through an improperly secured hotel room window, which necessitated a trip to the Chelsea and Westminter hospital, hotel staff denied that the accident took place at the hotel, even though one of them took me from my room to a taxi; they refused to reimburse taxi fares to and from emergency dept of the hospital. Needless to say, I will never stay ther again.	
Jun 3 2006	Suited My Needs	I booked at the Brompton earlier this year before I had seen any of the poor reviews posted on this site. Well as far as I am concerned I received a warm welcome. The room was clean and quite spacious. asked for a mini safe and I got it with no problems. Tea making facilities and a fridge included.....well enough for my needs. The staff were curtious at all times. Can't say that I was worried by any noise from the traffic outside. The breakfast certainly leaves much to be desired. I would have been quite happy to pay an extra couple of pounds and have a decent breakfast,a snotty boiled egg really does nothing for me, no big deal, an excellent cheap cafe just around the corner. But having said that, the location is perfect. Close to the tube station. A Post Office and Internet Cafe accross the road and an abundance of good restaurants in close proximity. And for my purposes, the Royal Albert Hall just a 10 minute stroll up the road. Pity there is no lift. I will consider staying there again. The price is right!	
Apr 20 2006	views	What a wonderful stay i had at brompton hotel. it was the birthday of my wife..i've stayed for 3 nights...i'll definitely come back...i'd arrive early in the morning ...nearly 7am to our surprise the room was ready...the room was a bit small but very romantique..breakfast in the room, a little table with 2 chairs...wonderful..besides room giving on the street the sunshine in the room..what a nice stay i had...besides it's in the most rich district in london...harrods 7 mins walking..all the fashion shops very near..buses and underground 1 min walking..we have a trip in the city everyday till late at night by bus andto our surprise, the transport system was excellent. i'll definitely recommend this hotel to any one	
Feb 28 2006	Excellent stay!	Our stay in this hotel was OK: the rooms are clean even if small. But is ideal for reach easily any zone of London.The breakfast is coffee, toast and eggs, but served in the room: I like eat in my room in the morning.The day when we leave very early in the morning, the staff served us the breakfast at 5,40! Thank you!	
Jan 28 2006	poor hotel indeed	what a relief to be home after a nightmare stay in this hotel.We checked in with a rude receptionist,who literally threw the keys at us.Upon entering this shoe box, we encountered the en-suite bathroom (freezing cold) and a patio door which was difficult to close.The breakfast is average and would recommend you seek another eaterie....	
Jan 19 2006	What else could go wrong?	This was my second time staying at the hotel. The first time was for only one night and I was barely there to even really experience the hotel. Seemed clean and in a fairly good location. Second time my mother met me in London and we had the worst customer service,etc. The room was filthy, several items in the room did not work, they never brought our breakfast and forgot to give us our wake up call so we missed our train to Paris. I've just never had so many things go wrong. I also tried to deal with a refund from the owner for one of the nights stay because of the horrible experience and was basically told that he didn't care if he lost my future business or if I told anyone else not to stay there. I have never experienced such horrible customer service and I am not the type of person to usually ever complain unless it's something horrible like we experienced. I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 16 2005	Good Location......	My partner and I stayed one night. The hotel is in a fantastic location but the rooms were well below average. The room was dark and the lamps didnt work. The bathroom was small with cracked and broken tiles (a bit dangerous. Someone could easily cut themselves or fall). The shower was awful..... the temperature kept changing and the water came out in a single trickle. I ended up going from burning myself to freezing cold.The breakfast was OK for a snack but we went out and had a later breakfast elsewhere.....The parking is a few blocks away at a charge of £3 per hour!! If you go on a weekend try to arrive after 1.30pm and secure a park on the street for free. You can stay there until Monday morning for no charge.... But be aware those parks are hard to get. You are better off to catch the tube as the station is right across from the hotel.If you just want somewhere basic for a sleep which is in a great location, this hotel is fine.... Mind you there are cheaper options available which are a better quality of hotel.	
Apr 14 2005 	I won't be back	I stayed there last night and am sat at my desk feeling dirty. The sheets weren't clean and the bathroom stank. This morning I had no running hot water in the sink and no water at all in the shower. I had a shave in cold water and then called reception who said they'd fix it. They must have flicked a switch as the hot water in the sink started to work. Not so in the shower which was still useless. Someone came up to my room, had a look at it and said &quot;not to worry&quot; before strolling off to fetch me a key for another room. As this was two floors up I had to get dressed before going upstairs to have my shower (which was like standing in a light drizzle). The bathroom in the second room smelt worse than the first.The staff were pleasant but that didn't count for much. I stayed there to get a good night's sleep. I was there 8 hours in all and that was 8 hours too many.All in all, spend a few more pounds and stay somewhere decent!	
Feb 21 2005	Dreadful and arrogant in treatment of potential clients	Avoid this hotel - appalling treatment when the need to cancel a one night booking 48 hours in advance in mid winter occurred - refusal to respond to emails, insistence on charging full rate when illness prevented our visit - do not go near a place which has such disregard and high mindedness in its manner.	
Feb 9 2005	Good location if you don't mind being in a cell	Stayed at the Brompton in December 2004. Room was very basic, very small but spotlessly clean. Bathroom was also very clean, but the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in my life. Location is excellent. Loads of restaurants nearby and just around the corner from the tube. Breakfast which was delivered to our room consisted of tea, toast and a boiled egg - which was fine for us.  On the whole, I don't think I would return - mainly because I have stayed in better hotels in London - but obviously paid extra for the luxury 	
Dec 26 2004	A Great location in London	Even if our double room were small and there is no lounge in the hotel, we have a excellent stay. We were on the first floor so the stairs were not a problem. Great reception ! The staff were very friendly and helpful. They told us some good restaurants and they keep our lungage in the hotel when we live the room till we got the plane. The hotel is ideally located near the tuble, the post office, museums, restaurants ...	
Jul 12 2004	Lots of stairs but good location	The Brompton is in a great location for anyone arriving in London via Gattwick. The South Kensington tube station is literally across the street and it's on the same line as Victoria. The hotel itself is clean and comfortable but small. The breakfast isn't much but it gets you started. The staff are neither friendly or rude. The price goes down in the off season and it's easy to book online.	
Feb 10 2004	good value	It wasn't quite as nice as the pictures; everything was small--the room, the TV, the shower-- but clean and comfortable; no elevator; our room on the third/fourth floor. Staff was friendly. Only issue was the room was too hot at night (~74 o F.) even with the radiator off and the windows open (&lt;50 o outside!)--must have been the room below us.VERY well located (100 yards from South Kensington tube); can walk to V&amp;A and other museums and Harrods; cheap and seemed safe. Jan, 2004.	
Jun 15 2003	Who Said the Brompton was a Great Place?	After reading some good reviews about this place, we booked Brompton Hotel for three nights in June 2003. The only good thing I can say is it was close to the underground. The hotel is more like a rooming house. There is a flight of steep stairs you need to climb to get to the reception (which is a small desk in the stairwell) and we had to climb an additional 3 flights to our room. The hotel is really only rooms, there is no sitting area or small breakfast room. Also there is no air conditioning and the room was noisy (as you had to open the window to get some air). The room was alright but the breakfast tray delivered to our room each morning was the same-boiled eggs, hard toast and tea or coffee.I had read in reviews that staff were helpful in providing good tourist information-but not the ones that were on duty during our stay. They knew nothing and were not helpful at all. They weren't even friendly in the least.I would never stay at this hotel again-given all the better places to stay for the price.	
Dec 4 2002	One of the best locations in London!	The Brompton Hotel is a lovely, clean and safe hotel located in South Kensington. It is only 3 minutes on foot from the South Kensington &quot;tube&quot; (subway) station which makes it extremely easy to navigate to anyplace in London. Also within easy walking distance are Kensington Palace and Gardens, Hyde Park, The Victoria and Albert Museum and Royal Albert Hall to name just a few.There are great shops, restaurants and pubs located in the area as well. The friendly staff went out of their way to see that we were comfortable and had everything we needed and made several excellent recommendations on places to eat. (Try the fantastic Indian restaurant just one block from the hotel! Superb! Sorry I can't remember the name though.) The continental breakfast (egg, toast, marmalade, coffee/tea) was delivered to our room every morning at whatever hour we chose. There is no elevator in the hotel but it wasn't really a problem for us. We were on the 4th floor but managed just fine. Also, there is no air conditioning, but again, that's not really a problem in London on most occasions. We were there in the summer and just opened the window and the staff brought us a large fan to use when needed. I can't say enough good things about the Brompton Hotel. It was safe for two women travelling alone (I was travelling with my sister-in-law), extremely clean and the rate was excellent. I recommend the Brompton highly and am planning to stay there on my next trip to London in the spring.	
Jan 16 2009 	da sempre il mio hotel a Londra		
Oct 16 2007 	Sucio de narices		
May 2 2007 	Permanenza piacevole		
Jan 2 2007 	A éviter à tout prix!		
