	Great location great for the cost	Great location, within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, London Eye, Westminster Abbey etc., 3 minutes from Victoria Coach &amp; Rail stations. Hop on - Hop off bus Tour and country tours. Room size is just comfortable, bathroom excellent , elevator fits 2 people with 2 cases, clean, well serviced daily. Tea/coffe etc in room. Great cooked breakfast included...plenty of it. Free internet in the lobby. Very helpful &amp; cheerful service from staff. Would definately stay there again. Didn't hear street noise - with the window closed, which is incredible as it's so close to pub, restaurants etc.,.	
Nov 6 2009 	Comfortable stay and lovely breakfast!	We stayed here for 1 night, had a lovely meal in Chinatown and then went to the Theatre. The room was certainly big enough for us, we liked the free lugguage storage upon departure of our room, the breakfast was buffet, replenished frequently and we liked the option of having a cooked breakfast (yes you don't get Bacon and they did substitute the Mushrooms for Sausages - but that didn't bother us). We could hear a little traffic noise, but we were on the 3rd floor facing the street, but we couldn't hear trains and to be honest by the time we got back from the Theatre were too tired to care! I would certainly recommend this hotel!	
Oct 15 2009 	Enjoyed convenience of location	We did have trouble initially finding the hotel from the locations given with registration. Soon enough, a cab driver led us there.. Room was roomy for London standards, very clean, some road noise--expected though as we were very close to the street. Bathroom was sufficient for our needs, felt safe and secure during our three night stay. Would recommend to others traveling to London. Free wi-fi, the front desk was very helpful. Breakfast each morning was great way to start the day. We had a slight mishap and needed a bandage, which the hotel was not able to help with - only reason service not rated 5 star	
Sep 30 2009 	Great budget hotel in fantastic location	We stayed at Victoria palace in mid September for the start of a three week UK/Europe vacation and we thought it was great. 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station and easy access to all of London as a result as well as being walking distance to a lot of the main sites. The staff were really lovely, buffet breakfast very nice and we got a very quiet room which came in handy with our jet lag. The free WiFi came in handy too! If you book here expecting it to be The Dorchester you will be disappointed, but if you want a nice clean room with friendly staff, good breakfasts, waking distance to some main attractions, close to shops, cafes and restaurants as well as main transport at a fantastic price then this is the place for you. We would and will stay here next time we are in London. Great first stop on our trip.	
Aug 20 2009 	Hot summer days!	This was my second stay at Best Western Victoria Palace, so I knew that the staff and the service is very good. And that that the rooms are cline and nice. We had booked this hotel because off the good price, location and AC inn the rooms. The AC was very good because of the heat wave in London during our stay. Rooms are average London size. We had booked tree rooms, and was given rooms on the same floor. The breakfast room is one the small size, so it is smart to go down early. This is a good hotel inn a grate location, walking distant to manny places and about 5 min from Victoria Station (train, tub and busses) and Victoria Coach Station (airport busses).	
Aug 8 2009 	Outstanding	Stayed in the Victoria Palace for 2 weeks in July. The room was clean and cosy. The staff very helpful. Perfect service. Will definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	A nice enough hotel	We recently stayed at the Best Western Victoria Palace for one night prior to catching a cruise in Dover. It's location, within walking distance of Victoria Station, was ideal. The room was large enough by European standards and the bathroom, though small was larger than many I have experienced. The staff seemed friendly and helpful and I did enjoy the included breakfast. The hotel is air conditioned, the rooms include a safe and the only drawback is that the sheets and bath towels have the consistency of sandpaper. Still, I would stay there again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good place to stay - avoid single rooms though	Me and my girlfriend stayed in May 2009 in the Best Western Victoria Palace for the second time. It was good as ever. The location is superb: close to the Victoria Station, which has a nice variety of shops and fast food options, and there are some good restaurants nearby. The service is very nice, the staff is very kind, polite and helpful. The rooms are good enough, altough a bit small, even for the double room.However, avoid at all costs the single room, which seems like a cell. Too narrow and small. There is practically just the bed and the bathroom, nothing more.Even tough, I wolud recommend this hotel for couples. It's a very good option to get to know London.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very nice hotel	We stayed 3 nights in BW Victoria Palace in the middle of June and I must say that I found it to be good value for the money spent. Small rooms, but very cosy, clean and nice. Also bathrooms were very clean. We even had a nice sight from our room (in 4th floor) to Big Ben and London Eye! Breakfast was okay, comparing to London standards (toast, youghurt, corn flakes, fruits, and the hot buffee). The hotel was also easy to reach, just 3 minute walk from Victoria station. Staff was really friendly and our stay was very pleasent - I would stay here again!	
Jun 2 2009 	Bad Surprise	The Hotel was in a great location. But.....the size of the room, quiteness of the room and confort of the room was a very big disappointment. When we arrived we were shown a room on the basement level with an almost window. The next room was underneath a flat and had a lot of stairs to get to. When we did get a room it was on the street side with a lot of noise. We booked this hotel 10 months prior to visiting London. We will never stay at this hotel again. There are so many hotels in London, be very sure that you do not pick this one.	
May 11 2009 	Reasonably priced handy place to stay	Although we upgraded to the queen size bed, the room was quite small but very clean &amp; the bathroom was immaculate. Staff were helpful &amp; friendly. The breakfast set-up (pay a little extra for sausage &amp; bacon) was not as good as some other hotels (&amp; I'm vegetarian!), but there was sufficient &amp; wouldn't be put off staying here again. There are lots of nice looking restauants on the doorstep, too.	
May 9 2009 	The Cupboard Under The Stairs!	The &quot;room&quot; was TINY, but clean. The length of 2.5 beds and the width of one arm span. Bathroom nearly killed us with heat/steam unless the door was open, which was not an option given we are two ladies who prefer private showers! Noisy, next to the lift. Breakfast room was inadequate for the amount of people staying so get in early to get a table. Milk was almost curdled with warmth...ew! Heating worked, but was totally unnecessary in April! At least the window opened in our cell!	
May 4 2009 	Met our Needs	We were looking for a hotel with adequate space, comfort, near public transportation and this hotel fit our needs. It was comfortable...however please don't expect large spacious rooms, had free internet connection, nice bathroom with a good shower. The location was a 5 minute walk to the Victoria underground, train and bus station. The Victoria station has numerous fast food restaurants and shopping on the upper level. Walking distance to the Victoria Apollo Theater. A few pubs nearby. A corner grocery store across the street. The free breakfast was ok..however if you want meats will need to pay extra. Finally the hotel staff from the front desk personnel to the ladies working the breakfast room were all friendly and helpful. This Best Western will probably never win an award but it certainly was exactly what we needed to enjoy our trip to London and see all the sites.	
Apr 26 2009 	Hot and cold in equal measure	The first room was very hot and smelly, so I asked for a different room; however no joy on the first night (Sunday). Monday morning I asked again and was moved to a different room.However, in the second bedroom the heater in the bathroom didn't work, and I had to get some tape to tape up the windows as the cold air was rushing in through all the gaps etc in the window and frame. This did the trick and the bedroom was then margainly warmer, bearing in mind the bed was right up against the windows, not too sure how the previous occupants had endured the cold air coming in; I certainly wasn't going to.The hotel staff were helpful and polite, if you want bacon and/or sausages for breakfst they cost extra- why???.Would I stay there again, yes but in the summer.Hotel very handy for Victoria bus/train stations less than 10 mins walk.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect for tourists	Small but clean and well enlighted rooms, vegetarian breakfasts, smiling staff, the price is worth of a great location - walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Westminster. We enjoyed it for three nights of London trip. Internet handy for necessity.Fedor+Liuba Macasek, Bratislava	
Apr 16 2009 	Did the job.	Hotel was in a great location. Easy walk from Victoria with plenty of resturants and bars. Easy enough to walk to Harrods and Westminster and on to the Eye.Staff were very helpful, inlcuding fixing the faulty shower door whilst we were out during the day.Rooms were very small and the bed very hard. Glad there was A/C as the room was very stuffy. For having a lot of guests the noise from other rooms was not bad. Only noise was a knock on the door at 3am on our first night. It appeared to be someone at the wrong room.Breakfast room in small. If you are later than 0830 you will have to wait for a table. Having to pay extra for Bacon or Sausage having booked B&amp;B is a joke. You get eggs, beans, tomoato and mushrooms as well as the normal cerals but if you want the bacon, you pay the premium. This should be stopped.Overall a nigh hotel but even though I got a deal I think it is still way over priced, but thats London for you.	
Mar 28 2009 	Okay but not great.	The location was good, being very near Victoria Station (which will get you anywhere you need to go in London) and the staff was very nice and helpful. We did have a couple of problems, though, and felt it was a little overpriced. Within the first hour we were there, a light from the ceiling in the bathroom fell and nearly hit my husband in the head. It was fixed while we were out, but the mess from the dry wall wasn't cleaned up well. There also were no instructions on the heating/cooling system that we could find, so we spent two nights freezing cold. When we figured out how to get the heat working, the radiator wouldn't get hot so the next day we had to ask again about the heating. Finally on the last night we had heat. They did have free internet access in the lobby, which was very nice to have.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent value and location.	Greeted by friendly staff who let me into the room early. Small room but I expected that so it wasn't a problem. Hotel was clean, room was clean and had my own clean bathroom. Great location for walking tours of London..5 minute walk to Victoria Station..plenty of pubs about... For the price, you can't beat it in my opinion.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good value for money if you're heading for London	We stayed as a couple at the Victoria Palace from 18th - 20th February, having booked online early in January. We were looking for reasonable value and comfort, as we didn't expect to be in the hotel much on this visit to the capital. We were travelling by rail into Kings Cross and then by tube onwards. The walk from Victoria to the hotel took 5-10 minutes. Check in was from 2pm but on arrival at the desk at 10.45am it was no problem, we couldn't go to the room but could leave our bags which was fine. The foyer gave a good impression although not over-large. After lunch and afternoon out, we returned to prepare for our theatre visit. Our suitcase had been taken to our room, a double which also had a single bed. The room was adequate in size, fairly recently refurbished and the shower / toilet was good. The room was on the first floor facing the main road, and traffic noise would be an issue if the windows were opened. Access from downstairs was by lift or stairs. As it happened we both slept quite well anyway. The breakfast room is in the basement. There is a reasonable choice to suit most tastes, breads, cereals juice, coffee, tea. Cooked items included boiled, fried or scrambled eggs, beans, tomatoes and toast if required. Bacon or sausages were £1.50 optional extras. Service was from 7.30 to 9.30am. We arrived about 8.15 and had no problems, but 8.30 onwards was quite busy. Throughout our stay the staff were pleasant and helpful. We found this a good place to stay because of its access to the centre of London, and we thought it gave good value for the price. We'd stay here again without any worries.	
Feb 20 2009 	Very pleasant experience	We, a family of four (children aged 2 and 9 yrs) were left stranded in London when the hotel we hade originally made reservations with cocked up and had double booked us. Luckily we usually stay in Victoria, so we knew the neighourhodd enough to go search for another decent hotel (as the staff at Comfort Inn Victoria failed to find a room). However, Quad rooms are not too easy to find, so after having travelled for 7 hrs, having small children to tend to and nowhere to go we were a bit distraught.We stumbled upon Best Western Victoria Palace. It was the fourth or fifth hotel we came to, and I expleined the situation. Maybe a distraught mother, and two crying little girls made a difference, because we were immediately told that even thoug all the family rooms were taken they could offer an apartment a couple of houses away. And yes, they could include breakfast in the price. We ended up paying £510 for three night. A bit more that we had planned - but rather that than having no place to stay.The location is perfect. It takes 5 min to walk to the Victoria Shopping centre and then you have the tube and trains station only a minute away. There's a coach station nearby, and for us who travel with the Terravision Coach Service from Stansted the hotel is perfectly situated.The apartment was quite recenty refurbished. It was not the most practical solution as there were very narrow stairs to get to the room(s), and the apartment in itself was a two storey apt - Our room had three flights of stairs,48 steps AFTER having entered the apt. Narrow stairs for anyone, but extremely narrow ehrn you have to juggle a pushchair up and down. :-) On the first floor was a fully equpied kitchen and a lounge/living room. On the Second floor were two bedrooms, two bathrooms a bigger one with a nice bath tub, a smaller one with a shower. The master bedroom had one double bed, and the oter bedrrom had a kingsize bed. Bothe rooms had a small cupboard with hangers and a safe, desks, a chest of drawers and a flat screen tv. Beds were nice and comfy. Bathrooms clean and modern. The lounge/living room hade two sofas and an armchair in fake leater (or was it real?)one living room table and two smaller tables, and a big 42&quot; (?) flat screen Tv.Carpets in all room except kitchen where there was a wooden floor. Cleaning was good. The only thing was the kitchen floor, it could have been mopped a bit better before we arrived - now there was something sticky on it and if you took your shoes of (as we do, being Swedish and all) our socks were very dirty after having been in the kitchen. I bet that if I had told the hotel management they would have taken care of it, but I couldn't be bothered.Hotel staff were very helpful - from the very first second we enrtrd the hotel till the minute we left. Breakfast was good. We had to walk to the main building, but that wasn't a problem. A bit crowded if you waitet until 8.30-9 to have breakfast. A nice selection of bread - croissants, white toast, brown toast, danishes... There were scarmbled eggs, baked beans, eggs, tomatoes, a coffee maschine as well as regular coffee and tea, fresh fruits, apple and orange juice, yougurt and different kinds of cereals and muesli. Kitchen staff were nice and efficient.All in all we had a great stay. We've stayed in many hotels in the area and know what to expect from London Hotels - and this hotels ends up on the top five list of favourite hotels, in our family.	
Feb 17 2009 	Mushrooms but not much room.	The last time my wife and I were in the Victoria area we stayed at the Park Plaza. However, because of several favourable reviews on this site and a very good price through Venere we decided to give the Victoria Palace a try. Unfortunately we were disappointed on the whole.The twin room was clean and adecuately equipped but was very small.There was no bar, restaurant or room service. The breakfast was self-service and unusually bacon and sausages were totally lacking from the menu. Mushrooms seemed to be in plentiful supply but regrettably I don't like mushrooms. The breakfast room staff were very friendly but seemed keen to finish by the 9:30 breakfast deadline and the clock was set at least 5 minutes fast.The location of the hotel is quite good at only a few minutes walk from Victoria station but if you enjoy the whole hotel experience of pleasant public areas, bars, other amenities and friendly reception staff then this hotel bears no comparison with the Park Plaza	
Feb 12 2009 	Great place to stay	A wonderful place to stay. We had a two bedroom apartment. The rooms were clean the staff was friendly and very helpful. (we ordered a pizza late one night I had to argue with the staff that they didn't need to bring it to my door) The hotel is easy walking distance to victoria station and from there anywhere in London. Staying there was a very nice experience	
Feb 6 2009 	Value for money	With the Gatwick Express I arrived at London Victoria and this hotel is only a 8 min walk from the train station. Staff is adequate and really helpfull. The room was clean and the shower was just great, especially for London standards. The breakfast room could be a bit bigger, but then again, wait 5 mins and you will have a seat. This hotel is great value for money and will definitely stay here again	
Feb 5 2009 	Great hotel	This hotel is a great place to stay, only 10 mins from Victoria station, room was clean and perfectly adequate for the 2 of us, the &quot;no sausages etc&quot; breakfasts mentioned in other reviews although admittedly slightly odd was not an issue at all - there was more than enough choice in cereals, fresh croissants etc and if needs must you could have sausages or bacon at a little extra costOriginally booked for 4 nights but due to flight cancellations ended up needing to stay a further 2 nights - the hotel manager could not have been more helpful, he held his last room for us till we found out whether we needed to stay then upgraded us for no extra charge, without him the flight problems would have undoubtedly caused us far more stress, at least we knew we had a bed for the night!We would and probably will at some point, book this hotel again with no hesitations and would thouroughly recommend to anyoneHelen &amp; Mike, Aberdeen	
Jan 13 2009 	Great choice for sightseeing close to transport links	I have stayed at this hotel twice now with my mum and sister when we have been to London to see a show. The hotel is clean and has been refurbished in the last couple of years so fairly modern. For the price you pay it is ideal for a short stay close to a major train, coach and underground station (Victoria). The rate has gone up since we first stayed there but comparable to other, not so nice hotels in the area. The staff all seem polite and helpful.The rooms we have been in were a triple room and a family room, both plenty big enough for us for the time we spent in it! Try to avoid the family room in the basement as it is next to the breakfast room so can get noisy early in the morning.The only slight quibbles I have are that the pillows were quite hard and you have to pay £1.50 extra for bacon or sausage with your breakfast! The breakfast was fine (and healthier) without meat though with cereal, fruit, toast, croissants, pastries, scrambled and poached eggs, mushrooms and beans to choose from.Overall I would definitely recommend it.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great little Hotel - warm friendly and great for London sightseeing	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights - we were going to see Eddie Izzard live in his new show - and wanted to do a little sightseeing (mainly christmas shops and lights).Booking in was very easy, quick and friendly. The young receptionist was very helpful when we asked him a few questions about locations and trips.The room was basic and on the small side, but very modern and newly decorated - and very clean!One of the cleanest hotel rooms I've stayed in (including some much more expensive ones!). And that included the bed - comfortable, clean and without that &quot;tired slept-too-much in&quot; feel about it.The hotel was very warm in al the rooms/areas which was very useful seeing as we picked the coldest two nights of the year to stay.Breakfast was the usual buffet style - juice, cereals, toast, croissants and the usual cooked option. The cooked buffet was different in that if you wanted bacon or sausage, you had to pay extra - but at least it meant that they were freshly cooked.On one morning, it seemed that everyone decided to have a late start, as there wasn't enough room in the breakfast room (which was rather small) for everyone to fit in. The precious morning, there was room for everyone, so I'm guessing that was just a one-off that everyone seemed to sleep late!All-in-all - i would definitely recommend the hotel for anyone wanting a reasonable priced, clean, modern hotel - with excellent location for travelling around London. Victoria train and underground station are a 5 minute walk away, and once there, most of the central London sights are a few underground stops away.Definitely would use again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Good central hotel	I booked this hotel because the location was good and the price was reasonable. When I arrived I was told I'd been upgraded, whcih I was thrilled about. However, I was then taken out of the hotel, down the road to a basement flat. It was grubby and not what I wanted at all. I explained that I was alone and did not feel comfortable here and wanted a room in the hotel. Immediately I was taken back and given a nice room. It was in the basement as well and I would have preferred a room higher up. I'm not a city girl and was a little uncomfortable. However, the room was at the back and was quiet. Otherwise my stay was perfect. Breakfast was nice (again in the basment). The location was great - easy walking distance to Victoria and the staff pleasant. It was good a place to stay for business and in a muhc nicer area than I expected - wide streets, those lovely big London houses.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Hotel!	After finally deciding on the Luna &amp; Simone, but finding it full, I booked a triple room for 2 nights at the Best Western Victoria Palace. After a 10-minute walk from Victoria Station, expecting to leave our luggage and then cool our heels for a few hours before afternoon check-in, we were thrilled to find that our room was ready — at mid-morning!. Very welcome news after a sleepless overnight flight from Atlanta.While the desk clerk checked on our room, I was able to use the free hi-speed internet to report home. Our room was smallish, but not extremely so, very sleek and modern, with a small balcony overlooking the street. (But didn’t notice any noise at night!) Bathroom (shower only) was sparkling clean, with plenty of hot water and towels, plus a very efficient heater with fan mounted high on the wall. We had one double bed and one single. Plenty of extra pillows and good quality, heavy sheets. A tiny wall-mounted shelf held an electric tea kettle and plenty of tea-bags, coffee sachets and creamer and heavy ceramic cups and saucers. A flat-screen TV, desk and mirror, plus good reading lights over bedside tables completed the furnishings. Breakfast was plentiful and good, in a very clean basement dining room with white linen table cloths. My mother was not pleased with the bland scrambled eggs, pork &amp; beans, tomatoes and mushrooms, but I was very happy with meusli, fruit, croissants, sliced cheese and yogurt. And of course juice, tea, coffee and espresso drinks (quite good) from a self-serve machine. Staff was very helpful, booking us tickets on double-decker bus tour, and sending someone up to re-set the safe. A very pleasant experience and I would recommend this hotel!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great hotel in great location	This hotel is in a great location. It is in walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey and the Thames River. The furthest away is only about 20 minutes walk. It is only a 10 minute slow walk to Victoria Station where there is a Hop On Hop Off tour stop. The rooms are small, but that is normal for Europe. The staff in the hotel are wonderful. Extremely polite and helpful. Nothing is too much trouble. On our first stay we had a back room, and on our 2nd stay we had a front room. I would have to say our front room was much nicer with french doors that opened to let fresh air in.	
Oct 6 2008	Very expensive for what you get	I guess London is just a very hard place to find a good hotel at a reasonable price. At this place, we paid extra for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. The room was so small that we had to move the two twin beds around so that my husband could sit at the desk and play with his computer. I could only lie on the bed and read. Absolutely no space! I did have a lift, which was great. It was FAIRLY clean and had a safe in the room, a good thing to have in London. It is in a GREAT location and seems to be about the best around of these average little hotels. The staff very friendly and accommodating. Great breakfast.	
Sep 16 2008 	A great small hotel in the midst of London	We are so happy with the overall value of this incredibly clean and helpful small hotel. We would go back to them in a heart-beat. They accomodated our last minute request for twin beds and helped take our luggage to the room. The room itself was very small but arranged nicely and had all amenities, even air conditioning (unusual for small hotels in London). It was close to Victoria Station and was definitely good value for money! The best part about it was the staff which deserves high marks for helpfulness, even acting as concierge when required.	
Sep 14 2008 	****Highly Recommended****	After reading through many unsatisfactory reviews of hotels in the London Victoria area i finally arrived here at the reviews for the Best Western Victoria Palace.Based on the excellent reviews from previous guests i booked a room on-line.I made an excellent choice.Check-in on arrival was very fast and in less than 5 minutes after i arrived i was in the lift going to my room.On entering the first thing that caught my eye was the digitalLCD TV mounted on the wall.I was very pleased to see it at a comfortable eye level and not up near the ceiling,which can makefor uncomfortable viewing.For any news buffs reading this CNN and SKY News are available.My room was small,however as i was on my own i was happy with the small size as the room was comfortable and cosy.The bathroom was also small but ok.There were sufficient supplies of soap and towels and the bedroom had tea/coffee making facilities,also a code-lock safe.This hotel seems to go to a lot of trouble to please their guests,unlike other hotels in the Victoria area.First of all,it is very clean and the bathroom was spotless.I could see dust nowhere.The bed was just too soft and comfortable - well worth the room rate charged.Breakfast was first class.I did'nt fail to notice how clean everything was in the dinning room,which was very freshly aired.I tend to eat continental and had an ample supply of everything i wanted.I should say here that the young female cook certainly knows her job and is very friendly.She made a point of saying a cheerful &quot;bye&quot; when guests were leaving the dinning room.......... and that was a nice gesture.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great location great London value excellent manager and staff	After a nightmare stay at an adjacent hotel (the kind of room that people go to commit suicides) I was desperate and willing to pay any price for a clean, safe room. I did a walk in and the manager at BW understood my problem and was happy to show me several rooms as well as adjacent flats to accomodate my needs. OK, by North American standards, these rooms are smaller and proportionally expensive (100 - 150 GPB per night). For that price in Toronto you are treated like a star and can have a luxury suite. But by London standards, they are a blessing. The rooms are clean and modern and the breakfast is adequate (no meat but lots of other choices). The staff at the desk were exceptionally helpful. I felt very safe and the area is fabulous, pubs, restaurants, grocery, plus walking distance to Victoria area sites. London in general is mind blowingly expensive, be prepared to blow through a bundle if you are there for any lengh of time. But if you can afford it, BW is a good bet. Tell the staff, Dawn from Toronto says Hello. Walk to the Prince of Wales and look for Jason and friends... real gentlemen all.	
Jun 16 2008 	Very nice good value	We stayed three nights and were very pleased. It was convenient to Victoria station, and the train from Gatwick...approx. 10 minute walk. The rooms were ready when we arrived at 8 a.m. and they were small, but clean and well laid out. I requested a quiet room and was given one in the back of the hotel. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful and they gave us excellent recommendations on where to eat, helped us with ticket purchases, etc. I would stay here again..good location, clean and good value in a very expensive city.	
Jun 12 2008 	Saved our Trip	We were so grateful to be able to move to this hotel from another one in the same area that was totally unacceptable. My husband approached them in the morning after spending an awful night in a dirty hotel room that was on Eccleston Square. We were a family of 10 and they provided us accomodations in a lovely apartment that they had available two doors down. It was new, with a very nice modern kitchen, very clean upgraded bathrooms, one with a tub, very clean and good quality linens, and a living room with a flat screen TV and three leather sofas. Eight of us stayed in this apartment, and another two stayed in a very cute basement apartment that was also tastefully decorated, and had a kitchen. The kitchens were stocked with everything you needed, and they provided tea and coffee, and milk for you coffee. This was an ideal situation for a family group, as it gave you a place to gather together at the end of a long day of touring. We also were able to walk over to Sainsbury's and bring take out to eat in the kitchen in the evenings. The larger apartment was 200 pounds a night, which was less than we were paying for the totally unacceptable hotel we moved from. The staff at the front desk helped you with everything, just like you were staying in the Hotel proper. They delivered our bags to our rooms, and we also had telephone service with the front desk, and between our rooms. The location was great, and we able to book our tickets to everywhere we wanted to go right at the front desk. The staff was very professional, helpful, and courteous. Highly recommended. We were so grateful that they saved our trip!	
May 9 2008 	Loved the Palace	Traveled to London alone in April 2008; booked a room here with a queen size bed. Was pleasantly surprised - what a nice room! The bathroom was huge for a European hotel. Room entrance was by key card; room security was very acceptable.Hotel is a very quick walk to Victoria Station. The location is most convenient.The only negative was my room faced the front on the street side. Was rather noisy even in the evenings. I feel sure a room away from the street would be much quieter. Next time, I will request such a location for my room.I arrived before the official check-in time, but the desk clerk promised to have me in a room by noon and he did. The staff was very friendly and helpful.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 5 2008 	Clean New	The hotel is situated two blocks away from Victoria Station, on the Belgrave Road (street full of other small B&amp;Bs). The hotel has been recently refurbished. The lobby, room and breakfast areas are all kept clean. We were allocated a double room no. 403. The room was a bit too small. Barely enough room for our two medium sized suitcases. Also barely enough room to pass from one side of the bed to the other. The bathroom was Very compact. As previously mentioned the room had a flat screen TV, kettle with tea,coffee, sugar sachets. Also soap was provided next to the basin and in the shower. Ample towels were also provided daily. Extra pillows were readily available in the room. The mattress however was too hard. It would be a good idea if the management considered installing a minifridge in the rooms as this would be of great benefit should one want to keep cold drinks, etc. Breakfast was plentiful with cereals, croissants, bread, eggs, baked beans, mushrooms and tomatoes (strangely no sausages and bacon!?) etc. Free internet available in the lobby which is definately a plus. All in all would recommend this hotel however I would rather not stay in Victoria as i much prefer Paddington which is the location I have stayed in during my previous visits.	
Apr 17 2008 	Cosy Victoria	Stayed 3 nights in a single room.Room is small and cosy. It was only a couple of inches wider than the width of the bed.Room felt new.Room contained flat screen TV [only 5 main channels, radio station, and 4 other channels, not really satellite TV as listed on hotel's website], radiator, kettle &amp; tea/coffee/sugar sachets, desk, chair, small area for hanging clothes, control for heating (didn't need to use)Bathroom had sink, toilet, shower and heater. The shower was easy to use and adjust.With the room being so small anyone with a large of more that one case may struggle for space. I stored my case in the small area for hanging clothes.Breakfast room in basement, buffet breakfast, limited cooked [mushrooms (no taste), beans, scrambled eggs] and cereals with bread to make toast + tea and coffee.Hotel in good location for Victoria Station and within walking distance of Buckingham palace and Big Ben.Staff were helpful and polite.There's a PC near reception for visitor use.I booked my room at http://www.bestwesternvictoriapalace.co.uk, was a lot cheaper that any other website.	
Apr 7 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This is an excellent hotel. You get what you pay for. Staff was very friendly, room was perfectly clean, bathroom was really nice, beds were comfortable. Access to internet was free and breakfast had excellent coffee.	
Mar 4 2008 	Victoria Palace - Great Value - wonderful staff	I visited London on my own for a few days in late February and wanted a location close to Victoria Station. After reviewing this site and considering the price I booked 2 nights at the Best Western Victoria Palace. As my flight arrived at 7:30 a.m., I arrived at the hotel about 5 hours prior to my official check- in time. Without hesitation, the staff at the reception made every effort to get me into my room early...as it was, I was settled in my room at about 9:30 am. The room was bigger than expected, reasonably quiet, very comfortable and clean. The breakfast which was included was very good and hearty. The location was perfect within central London and getting from Gatwick to London and back again using the Gatwick Express couldn't have been easier. I will return to this hotel on my next visit to London as it exceeded my expectations in comparison to other similarly priced hotels in London which I have stayed at.KC.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Stay Great Room Great Price	What a great deal! We stayed here for £479 for the week for a double room. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful for my first trip to London. The room was big for Europe's size and the place was kept very clean. The breakfast was good and had everything I expected. We road the bus from the airport which is much cheaper and the walk from the Victoria Bus Terminal was only a few blocks. There is a laundry site just across the street and other closeby shops. The sandwich shop was great for noon snacks. We took the Original Tour of the city and the pickup location was only a few blocks. I would recommend the hotel and I would stay here again the next trip to London.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great Hotel	Very smart, newly refurbushed hotel which is in an old row of houses. Room was large, smart, big bathroom with power shower in a cubicle! Free Wifi too.Balcony with opening doors, however no double-glazing. Earplugs a must for street-side rooms.Very helpful staff and plentiful, varied breakfast.Fantastic location - 5 minute walk from Victoria tube station, with bars, restaurants and even a 'Sainsburys Market' nearby.Thoroughly recommend!	
Jan 14 2008 	Great weekend away	Enjoyed our stay at Victoria Palace. After reading some of the previous reviews, it was a pleasant surprise. The hotel was very clean in all areas. Had been tastefully refurbished. The staff were friendly. Room small, but had everything we needed - ideal for a weekend away. Everything worked, which isn't always the case in some hotels I've stayed in recently. For London prices, it was good value for money. Good location. Victoria station not far away. Some really good restaurants within a very short walk from the hotel. Would stay here again.	
Dec 10 2007	Clean comfortable convenient	We spent two nights here in December. It's conveniently situated for Victoria Station, and the Gatwick Express, and there are lots of places to eat in the area.Our double room was adequately-sized (relatively spacious for london), the bathroom was ewly refurbished and clean, and there was a radiator, air conditioning and a flat screen TV.Breakfast was a buffet (full English &amp; Continental) and served till 10 am. It's best to get there arly though, as some latecomers had to queue for tables.the staff were freindly and let us leave our luggage there for a fee of £1 on our last day.Overall, it was nice &amp; quiet, clean, non-smoking and we had a lovely stay.	
Nov 17 2007 	Too small for the price	This hotel though not in a bad location, a little far out of center of town we found to be very expensive for the type of rooms that they have!! We paid 105 GBP which is 210 usd with breakfast, (this with a discount )The room was unbeliveably small, after complaining they put us into a bigger room, type apt. that smelled of indian cooking and looked not finished. It had a bathtub that was buildt under a staircase, meaning no standing while showering!! The staff extremely helpful and friendly. The breakfast was typically english, not very good.But London itself has become excessively expensive. On this date the euro was 1 and half times more and the dollar 2 times. All the attractions are out of price. One adult tkt at the tower of London was 16GBP meaning 24 euros and 32 usd. Of course all other attractions, restaurants and even public transportation is very expensive. Sorry it will be a long time before we return to London. Won't even mention the tighter security measures in town and at airports.	
Nov 6 2007 	Location is good about 500m from Victoria Station.	Room is clean but small. Facilities are okay except that the wireless internet connection keeps on disconnecting. Signal not that strong.Location is good, about 500m away from Victoria station. There are good convenient stores, cafe and pub nearby. Staff is friendly and helpful.	
Nov 4 2007 	Yeah! Victoria Palace!	Yes, it's small, very, but since you don't spend a lot of time in your room - it has everything you need. Our room was clean (&amp; kept clean). Everyone was extremely helpful &amp; gracious. Extra pillows, towels, hold our bags, which Indian restaurant should we chose, buy tickets from the desk so we don't have to stand in line, ice from the kitchen etc. Travelcards, post cards &amp; stamps at the store opposite the hotel. Victoria Station a 10-minute walk but even better, Bus #24 a block &amp; 1/2 away. Breakfast was standard European, which was just fine &amp; because of the almost useless dollar, saved us a lot of money. We had room 202; it faced the back courtyard &amp; was quiet enough for us to sleep with the window open. We liked it enough that when we returned I spoke to Best Western Corp to say nice things as well.	
Nov 2 2007 	We were put in the dungeon...	On arrival the receptionist couldn't find our booking (luckily I had my confimation). We were kept waiting for a while, and then told that we could have a room, after all, and that they would even honour the price I'd been quoted...We went down to our room to discover that we were in the basement. The view from our room was of some steps rising to the pavement some 10' above us. Very dark &amp; dreary. The bedding had seen better days, and the divans were very old Tatty. The hotel states that it had undergone refurbishment, but it looked as they'd done it half heartedly. Some things were new (eg good flat screen tv, nice shower) but others hadn't been touched (tatty paint, carpet)The bathroom on 1st entering looked lovely - quite newly done. But the walls &amp; tiles were very very dirty and mildewy. Could have done with a good bleach!!There were no facilities at the hotel, other than a vending machine in the reception.I wouldn't return here - but maybe we were unlucky with the room we were given, due to our reservation not being on their system??	
Oct 6 2007 	Wonderful experience	This nice boutique hotel made all the difference in making our London experience a positive one. Though small, the rooms are clean, modern and arranged with economy of space in mind. Just 2-blocks from Victoria Station/transportation hub. Walking distance to the Thames and Buckingham Palace. Free internet and free breakfast. Very polite and helpful staff. We would stay here again. The prior review makes no sense. We slept like logs.	
Aug 18 2007 	nice hotel	i enjoyed the victoria. the location was good, and had good eating places nearby. hotel was clean, and staff friendly. would go again/	
Jun 29 2007 	Smallest Cleaneast Noisest room of all time.	Smallest room I have ever been in. Very clean. Floors are crooked, so you may sleep on an angle. Very Very Noisy. If you choose to stay there, and I wouldn't recommend it if you want to sleep. Ask for a room AWAY from the street. It is as noisy as if the window was open, because it is on a main street, right at a traffic light, so you get it all. Our room was immaculate. There was free internet , which was a plus. Good location, walk to bus and train station. Just Noisy and small. Did I say clean? It was...!!Breakfast isn't worth going down to. Go to the local coffee shop.	
Jun 26 2007 	very good	really comfortable and clean hotel.the rooms and the bathrooms are quite spacious.the receptions has been very kind and there is also the luggage deposit .excellent position near to Victoria Station.	
May 15 2007 	Great nights sleep - Great Location - Great Price	This is a great little hotel - not far from Victoria Station - Buckingham palace is a nice easy stroll away.It's not fancy schmancy and the room was TINY - but for the price and location - it was perfection. The bed was a little too hard for my taste, but it was so quiet at night! I am an extremely light sleeper and our room was right above the main street, and I had no problem sleeping. There is also a computer with internet access in the lobby.An extra little tip: There is a great Indian Restaurant right around the corner - very inexpensive and very good - Paradise Indian Restaurant: 5 Denbigh St. Ask the reception for directions.	
Apr 20 2007	Time Travel Back To The 1970's!	This hotel has recently been taken over &amp; is now called &quot;Best WesternVictoria Place&quot;. We decided to book into one of their self ontained&quot;apartments&quot; which is a few doors down. I use the term &quot;apartment&quot; loosely. It was more like a dingy bedsit.I thought I had done a &quot;Sam Tyler - Life On Mars&quot; &amp; woken up in 1973! We should have seen what was coming when we opened the door only to be met by a rush of heat (the central heating had been left on top temperature). The main enterance lightbulb was also broken (which staff promised to change but didn't). The living areaconsisted of a kitchen (with a broken fridge), cooker, microwave, a very old settee &amp; a single bed shoved in the corner. The antique portable TV complete with wire arial sellotaped to the wall barely picked up grainy images of terrestrial TV. The bath had the strangest tap combination I have ever seen. Someone had glued a cheap shower hose to the taps &amp; then screwed the head onto the sloping ceiling above. This made it completely useless as a shower as it was far too low to stand up, &amp; very slow when trying to fill the bath. The walls were paper thin to the point where we could hear everything our upstairs neighbours were doing, including all of their toilet visits!Having said all of this, suprisingly it was clean, &amp; the bedroom &amp; bed was pleasant. The staff were also very polite &amp; helpful. I just hope that now it has been taken over the new owners put some investement into updating it.	
Feb 25 2007	perfect locationnot expensive!	I travelled to London with 4 friends for a girlie weekend at the end of feb 2007. I picked this hotel after many hours of research on tripadvisor because it was inexpensive,central,near to victoria station which has an express train from gatwick airport,and had triple rooms available. We got 2 rooms for 3 nights for 450GBP which worked out very reasonable. The hotel has recently changed its name from the hamilton house hotel to the best western victoria palace hotel.excellent location,near to metro,very safe area,taxis always available outside hotel at night. rooms are spotlessly clean,warm with air conditioning/heating,tea coffee facilities/beautiful bathroom with shower.breakfast excellent and served til 9.30am.staff very friendly.couldnt really fault the hotel on anything,would recommend it to anyone!	
Feb 21 2007 	Great for being London	Considering I during the years have had my worst hotel experiences ever in London I had very low expectations when arriving at Hamilton House with my husband and kids. But for ONCE I got pleasently surprised. We had booked the apartment two doors down from the main hotel, and I was relieved to find it had clean beds, a real bathroom (NOT a shower cabin stuck in the room on the wall to wall carpeting...) with a tub, clean floors, central heating (yey!), microwave, oven, fridge, miniature tv... everything in working order. No luxury, certainly, but for London at app. 120 pounds per night - this was perfect. And - above all: it was CLEAN! Maid service every day, complimentary breakfast, great location 5 mins. stroll from Victoria and nice restaurants in the area. I will definately bookmark this hotel and return here.	
Jan 10 2007 	Loved it!!!	Excellent friendly and helpfull staff, awesome location, room more then excellent, clean, cosy, very safe, wonderfull breakfast, made our visit to London really a pleasant one.Would definatelly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Dec 1 2006 	lovely	I had a enjoyable time, the room was on the third floor, clean and not noisy at all.The hotel is very clean, new and the room had a big tv :DI appreciated the fact that there's an internet connection free for guests in the hall since internet cafè are pretty expensive there.The neighborhood is fine, quiet and full of pubs, cafes and shops.Victoria station is at 3 minutes walk.	
Nov 25 2006 	Nice place	My family just returned from 2 nights at the Hamilton House Hotel. We had 2 rooms, the pros and cons are as follows:Pros:Clean and Spacious (double room ((#603)), twin ((#302)) was smaller)Very reasonably pricedHot breakfast includedPleasant staffEasy walk to Victoria StationPlenty of restaurants and grocery stores nearbyCons:Building work going on, drilling started at about 9:00Double room on the same level as the breakfast room and the elevator was just outside the door, so you wake up when breakfast starts at 7:30.Overall a very pleasant experience. There's a nice pub just across the street for an after-theatre pint!	
Nov 15 2006 	dungeon like room	Stayed Oct 2006. Reception staff were friendly but room, like a lot, was below pavement level,very small, noisy,and of course very little daylight.Was also very hot and could not adjust the heating.It is very handily located to station but for the money would have expected a better room.	
Oct 10 2006 	Most Enjoyable stay!	The Hamilton has just undergone a complete refurbishment. Everything is completely new. Yes, they are still finishing the last of the bits and pieces, but the place is finally shining through. There was very little inconvenience due to the builders. Our rooms were on the 1st and 4th floor - and yes, they do have a lift, no slugging luggage and climbing stairs! The rooms were brand new, and a real pleasure. They had ALL the creature comforts one requires. The bathrooms were an absolute delight - all new, and state of the art.The dining area was also large and spacious, with an excellent offering - three cereals, yogurts, toast, crousants, Chelsea buns, an assortment of jams and cheeses , and tea, or an assortment of coffees and hot chocolate, via a superb Nescafe machine!There is also free internet access 24hours a day in the foyer - only one PC though, and time is limited to 10 minutes a session. Also very conveniently placed - not far from Victoria Station.Our stay here was most enjoyable. Excellent value for money.	
Sep 4 2006 	Loved the London Hotel Apartments.	We (myself &amp; a friend) had booked a room at the “London Hotel Apartments”, which is affiliated with the Hamilton House Hotel (and also goes by the name of the Warwick Hotel Apartments), for late June. It was the “LG” apartment, which was supposed to have a double bed as well as a sofa bed in the living room. It actually turned out to be a twin bed.The room had a very well stocked kitchen, including a microwave, mini fridge, gas stove, kettle, toaster, plenty of dishes and tea/coffee. The pictures on the hotel’s website of this room actually make it look a little more claustrophobic than it really is.The living room area was quite large, with a tv, chair, love seat, sofa, and a twin bed. While there was no air conditioner, they did provide a fan and that served the purpose quite well. Had we been there during the summer heat waves, it may have been a different story. The furniture itself was showing a little age, but nothing horrible.The bedroom had a double bed and a very large closet. There was also a set of French doors, which opened onto a tiny courtyard (which was not accessible by the general public). This is probably a good thing, since the doors didn’t close very well.The washroom was a pretty good size and they supplied a hair dryer as well as some basic toiletry items. The biggest complaint I have about the washroom was the lack of shelf space for us to put our own items.The location of the hotel was great – a 5-10 minute walk from Victoria Station. The apartment was serviced daily and this included cleaning our dirty dishes, which we hadn’t expected. The gentleman at the front desk when we arrived could not have been more helpful. He allowed us to store our luggage in the room, while it was being cleaned (we arrived 3 hours before check-in), gave us a tour of the apartment and even helped carry our luggage down the winding stairs to the room. He also allowed us to use the washroom at main hotel to freshen up and he came to help out when I accidentally tripped a circuit breaker a few nights later, and blew out our lights. The gentleman that was there when we checked out wasn’t quite so helpful, and wouldn’t call us a cab on the rainy morning we checked out. (we were only going to the Victoria Coach Station, and the hotel usually only deals with cabs that go out to the airports)I would not hesitate to stay there again. The convenience of the apartment, the location and the service received more than made up for any of the minor negatives we experienced.	
Aug 7 2006	Basic but fine	We actually stayed in an apartment beside the hotel, but went to the hotel each morning for breakfast, which consists of cereal, toast, croissants etc.The apartment was fine, there was 4 in our party. It had a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom, and large kitchen, dining and living area with a single bed and sofa/bed. The apartment was basic but clean, and provided was a fridge, microswave, cooker, toaster etc so you can make your own lunch/meal.I would recommend this hotel, if your not fussed on quality, and just want someone handy to stay. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. As we were in London sightseeing, we really didn't spend alot of time in the apartment, but it met all our needs.	
Jul 22 2006	Perfectly adequate	I'd read on Trip Advisor that this place was undergoing renovations a year ago, but didn't expect that they'd still be going on! We arrived at a building site with all the associated banging and drilling. We were assured that the noise would only happen from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm each day, but a lone hammerer persisted until after 6 pm one evening. An afternoon nap to sleep off some of our jet lag was out of the question. Walking along unfinished corridors dodging all the builders' debris was difficult. When we opened the curtains in our room the view comprised scaffolding, piles of dirt, mud and garbage, and when it rained, muddy splashes came through the window. It was necessary to have the window open because London was coming out of a heatwave when we arrived, and it was 27C in our room with no air conditioning nor fan.Though we were staying three nights initially we were moved after two for some reason. Our first room was about the length and width of a tourist coach. With two single beds, a wardrobe and a bathroom down one side this left a narrow strip to move about in. It was easy to hit your head on the LCD TV mounted on a swivel arm projecting from the wall if you got up to visit the bathroom during the night. The bathroom was a little over a metre wide and reminded us of the washroom in a tourist coach or on a plane. Your knees banged against the vanity unit as you sat on the toilet and you hit your head on the mirrored cupboard when you stood up. There was a shower but no bath. The tiny amount of room between the basin and the door (about 70 cm) was all there was to undress in.On our third night we were moved to another room, for reasons unknown (we assumed it was something to do with the building schedule). The staff told us that they would move our belongings while we were out during the day, which they duly did.The new room was a much more agreeable shape, and the bathroom (still no bath) was a more normal size, with room at least to undress. Like the first room, there were plenty of unfinished fixtures, such as no air conditioning, tiles missing from walls, etc. We hoped that the exposed wires that kept getting jammed in the bathroom door (see picture) were not live. And there was a film of fine white dust over the insides of cupboard spaces, not a good environment for my digital SLR camera.Let me now focus on some positives. They were obviously trying to turn this place into quite a classy hotel. The light fixtures, bathroom fittings and bed linen were high quality, and a swivelling, wall-mounted LCD TV in our first room was a nice luxury. There were tea and coffee making facilities and hair dryers in both rooms. The 69 pounds a night room rate included a continental breakfast which, though not extravagant, was perfectly adequate, with a choice of corn flakes, rice crisps and muesli, milk, yoghurt, toast and spreads, croissants, two juices, coffee and tea. Some fresh fruit would have been nice; we provided our own to slice on our cereal.If the renovations here are ever finished and they don't jack up the price, this should be good value. One reason they're less likely to increase rates I suppose is that there are dozens of competing hotels within a block of the place. The location is very convenient, about 300 metres from Victoria train station, and within an easy walk of at least a dozen decent restaurants and pubs. The hotel management and staff (Pakistani, we think) were very efficient and cordial.We stayed here again for two nights at the end of our month in the UK, just before we flew out, and got another room like the second one above. But you've probably read enough by now ...	
Feb 7 2006	Liked it okay but then...	Could swear that I wrote a review of this hotel before, but here goes again: Booked 2 nights here, going to and from London Gatwick -- easy 5 min walk to Victoria Station... Only booked a single with shared bath, but was given relatively large (for London) room with double bed and decent size bathroom... HOWEVER, it was on the TOP floor (SIX flights of stairs, if I counted correctly), which was a HECK of a schlep. Thank goodness I'm in decent shape. The tradeoff of having a decent-sized, relatively quiet room was worth the climb. No bad smells, clean sheets, hot water fine. Carpet could have used a hoovering. First day &amp; night -- fine... out sightseeing the second day, returned around 4pm... to find that they had &quot;checked me out&quot; and packed all of my belongings and stowed them behind the front desk!!! They didn't bother to check the receipts that said I had PAID, with credit card, for TWO nights. I had quite a fit, which was exacerbated by the fact that the front desk clerk had a pasted-on grin which I thought was pretty inappropriate for the situation. Luckily they gave me back the same room -- I had hidden my camera equipment behind the spare pillow and they failed to find it when they packed me up! yikes. So in a nutshell, if you get a decent-sized room and they don't discharge you involuntarily, it's tolerable and cheap. However, I don't think i'll be taking this risk again.	
Jan 20 2006	A horrible experience	Me and my partner booked this hotel on internet for a 2nights while we were transit in london since is close to Victoria Station.We didnt want luxury but a clean room were to rest bfore and after a long flight.The pictures shown on internet made it look perfect for us. When we arrived the reception was unrecognisable. We realised that pictures on the internet and brocheres were of a different hotel!!No lift was available and when we got to a room we were disgusted. They gave us the smallest bedroom ever.There was no space for our luggage infact we had to put them in bathroom.The room stank of cigarettes,and it was not welcoming at all.We were looking forward for the following day to leave.After our 3 week holiday we went back for another night since we had booked before. This time it was even worse.There were workers all around the place. This time we were lucky to be given a room on the 5th floor.Since there was no lift we had to carry 4 huge luggages all the way up. The room stank of burned plastic.We had to open window becaus we were afraid we would die in our sleep. We covered the door crevices with towels so to block smell and dust!!The workers were doing a lift in front of our room and we had cleaners shouting at each other outside our room!! When we left hotel we realised that our luggage was covered in fine white dust that had gathered in our room during the night.Since luggage was in same room we were in we inhaled the same amount of dust.We didnt dare eat breakfast there since they didnt cover toasters and glasses etc.The workers were working right next to breakfast room.It is a cheap hotel but after i didnt expect they would book us if they knew that they were going to refurbish all 5 floors. It was a beginning and a sour end to our perfect holiday.	
Sep 23 2005	gr8	This place is perfect , not expensive , good value , clean , good staff , OK breakfast .And handy to Victoria bus and train stations ( 5 minute walk ).Situated in a reasonably quiet area , handy to local shops etc.	
Sep 18 2005	Cheap and Unpleasant	We stayed in the Hamilton House Hotel in late September 2005. The room was tiny and smelt a little like urine. The furnishings had all been well used, and nothing looked particularly clean except the bedsheets. The receptionist was haughty and unhelpful and made us give him our keys for safekeeping whenever we left the hotel. We stayed on the sixth floor, and there were no lifts, so our legs tired quickly. On the plus side, the hotel is close to Victoria Station.	
Jun 29 2005	Hard to find the positives	We (2 parents, 3 kids) arrived to the Hamilton House early on a Saturday from Victoria Station after flying from Toronto. Not a bad walk, and the neighborhood looks pretty interesting. To the Hotel's credit, the rooms were available early (by 10 a.m.) so we were able to check in and get washed up. However, the first room given to my wife and me was miserable - first floor off the lobby, smoked in and with no windows. Shocking actually that they put anyone in there. They did reassign us on request, and we were put into small and dingy, but apparently clean rooms. We slept fine. Breakfast is a joke. Starbucks (and a better cafe) are down the street. The showers had water but were very narrow. The prior reviewer mentioned the stairs - also very narrow and formidible. We stayed two nights, but this place ended up setting very low expectations for all the other places we stayed for the rest of our trip. I can't recommend the Hamilton House, and would tell anyone who is large or has difficulty climbing to absolutely stay away. We later stayed at a comparably priced hotel in the same Victoria/Plimico neighborhood and found better arrangements (though still not great).	
May 2 2005	clean adequate accommodation convient to city centre	stayed at the Hamilton house hotel, Victoria london for Bank Hol weekend in May. we arrived in Victoria station via the Gatwick express and walked to our hotel in less than 10 mins. Reception staff are courteous and polite. We had a triple room with ensuite. The room was adequate. The sheets were clean and fresh towels were provided everyday. We had a few problems with street noise the first night but were too tired to notice and slept well for the remainder of the trip! There is no lift in the hotel and we had to climb 3 flights of stairs to get to our room.Breakfast is a self service affair and you have a have a choice of cornflakes or cornflakes!! You have to queue to toast your bread and they will bring you beans, egg and bacon. Orange juice tea coffee etc are also available from the self service machine. You get used to this after a day or so! and the staff are friendly. We found the hotel handy for the city centre. The number 24 bus runs into Trafalgar Square every 7 to 10 mins or you can catch the tube from Victoria. If you are travelling as a family you can buy an off peak travel card for 3.10 per adult per day which you can use on the tube and on the buses. We were even able to get a reduction on the Boat trip to Greenwich with the card. Check out is at 10.30 but they kept our luggage until that evening.	
Sep 7 2009 	Niente di straordinario buono per chi sta molto in giro		
Aug 30 2009 	Mai viste stanze così piccole		
Aug 16 2009 	corrrect		
Jul 18 2009 	vacanza		
Apr 1 2009 	Un trés bon hotel idéalement placé !		
Feb 14 2009 	Albergo per chi non è troppo pretenzioso: bruttino ma in ottima posizione.		
Jan 29 2009 	hotel comodo e pulito		
Jan 12 2009 	dormire nel sottoscala		
Jan 2 2009 	Excelente trato		
Dec 12 2008 	Assolutamente consigliato!		
Mar 26 2008 	posizione centrale albergo pulito e confortevole		
Feb 7 2008 	Pequeño pero con lo básico y necesario		
Oct 25 2006 	Recien reformado y centrico		
