Nov 13 2009 	Don't believe the photographs	The whole place needs a re-vamp.Furniture,carpets,bedding, the decor in general looks tired and has seen better days. Skirting boards &amp; corridor walls are scuffed. The photos on their website must have been taken years ago. I have stayed in 3 ,4 &amp; 5 star hotels across Europe and I have no idea how this hotel justifies a 3 star rating.Having booked a double room we were assigned a ground floor &quot;double&quot; room on arrival and were shocked with what we received. We later requested a change of room. I pointed out that in my opinion the room was a single with a double bed put in. The free standing wardrobe consisted of 2 units pushed together. The bed was so close that the wardrobe doors could not open fully. When the wardrobe door was open the door of the safe inside also swung open ie the floor was slanted. Floorboards creaked as we walked around the room. There was only a 1 foot gap at the other side of the bed.We were advised that they were fully booked but to contact reception the following day &amp; they would organise a change of room.During the night we were awoken by floorboards creaking on the corridor outside our room when other guests passed by.To their credit the reception staff changed rooms for us the following day with the minimum of fuss but one had the temerity to suggest that our previous room was a &quot;very fine room&quot;. A sad refelection I fear of his exprience in quality hotels &amp; customer care.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very satisfied	I and my two male friends stayed in a triple room at this hotel. We had to move from our previous hotel which was tiny and we very much enjoyed our stay here. It saved our holiday in london from being a total disaster. The room wasnt huge but was a satisfactory size with a double and two single beds. It was clean and confortable. Ensuite bathroom was a good size. The area was also very quiet. Continental breakfast was included but you had a choice to go forv a full english breakfast if you wanted. Very large and comfortable reception room where staff were very helpful and welcoming. Would return again.	
Oct 14 2009	spend a little more be happier	Grumpy check in staff, lift not working,and NO help offered or available when asked.Started stay dragging heavy suitcases up tiny stairs-three floors-or SIX flights up!-hotel not full so could have been given lower floor but they just dont care.not as close to tube as many others, not as close to main road/shops/eateries/ as many others.room tiny and claustrophobic,ended stay dragging heavy cases down again-lift broken again(no help available IN A HOTEL!)Malaysians pls note-breakfast is not nasi lemak / laksa-it is bread and tea!-nothing else included-wish i had spent little more and had a lift-breakfast-pleasant stay	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice atmosphere	I was in London last week and my colleague recommended us to stay at this Holiday Villa Leinster Gardens - its about 10 mins walk from Bayswater tube station.Its a cosy place, nice ambience, and the staff was pretty helpful and courteous.The room rates were reasonable, and clean.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good value for money	I travel a lot and stayed at the Holiday Villa Hotel in London recently. Brilliant location and good value for money! I am so satisfied with my stay and the quality of the room - much better than I expected after reading some of the past comments. It's a good 3 star hotel with buffet continental breakfast provided at no extra cost. Will definately book this hotel again on my next visit to London	
Jul 14 2009 	Close it down - dishonesty should not pay !	We had a booking for an executive room (via a www.Bongo.be holiday voucher) but ended up in a pokey top floor room (no. 519). We were told they were fully booked, so couldn't change to a better room. We had booked in February, for a stay in July - so we have been treated very dishonestly. The room was out-dated, curtain was frayed, bedlinnen dated from a previous era, bathroom neglected, matress as hard as concrete. No joke. I pity the staff.	
Jun 27 2009 	Marvellous hotel!!!	This is very nice hotel – the place, the price, the service, everything is brilliant. I’ve seen much pricy hotels with very narrow and dirty rooms and bathrooms. This one is something exception – in the heart of London, with excellent service. The room was very nice with enough space, comfortable beds, modern TV, very clean bathroom and towels. The staff is extremely polite especially this one which is in the breakfast and in the reception desk as well (very smart and intelligent boys). I have only one note: the little cupboard below the TV in twins’ room can be replaced with little fridge.	
Feb 22 2009 	Once is enough	As a single traveller I got a room right under the roof. Central heating didn't do much, and it got freezing cold at night. The wind came through the (closed) windows. I asked for at least a few more blankets and a check up of the central heating, but I got none of them, which resulted in another icy night. The next day, after complaining again, I was given another room on the first floor, in which there was a nasty smell and next to a generator that made a loud noise all night long. Breakfast was very poor, with hardly any room to get the toast and jam. Though the location is quite alright and the staff at the desk was very friendly, I wouldn't recommend this hotel	
Jan 26 2009 	distinctly less than average	Although I was aware I was hardly booking the most upscale hotel in london, what I did not expect was a room which was stinking of smoke. Clearly, for years prior to the smoking ban, people smoked in the room we were staying in and there was no shifting the smell. Being only there for 2 nights and out for most of the day, me and my partner put up with it but it did affect our sleep and our general mood when in the room. The room was tiny - pictures on the website are deceiving - and was well overdue for an overhall. Bed was significantly solid and uncomfortable.The only positives are it's location - about 5/10 min walk to queensway station on the central line - and the spacious and clean bathroom. On a budget, I expected clean and fresh room - I got clean but the smoky atmosphere was horrible.	
Nov 12 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Holiday Villa	The staff at Holiday Villa are very helpful and friendly and the service is excellent. Checking in was fast, but the lift in the hotel is very small and be prepared to carry your own luggage as there is no porter. The rooms are clean and cozy ,but a bit small. To me this hotel is home away from home because the restaurant serve halal food. Location of this hotel is also good, Oxford St is just about 10mins walking distance.	
Nov 11 2008 	horrible beds	Hotel was clean, and within walking distance of 2 tube stations. Beds were horrible, breakfast (continental) lacked.	
Oct 9 2008 	Dreadful horrible smelly	this is frankly the most disgusting hotel I have ever been in. It is expensive - London is always expensive but this is the same price as quality hotel chains. It is dirty - they clean the rooms every few days. It is smelly - it has a really stinky restaurant that smells even outside so if you leave your windows open your clothes will stink of spices. TAKE MY ADVICE - NEVER STAY HERE. The only positive reviews seem to be from people from poorer third world countries adn it might be better situated there.	
Sep 12 2008 	AVOID - dreadful questionable and disappointing.	Not only does this particular venue feature extremely questionable cleaning practices (three days, only one visit by cleaners?) - but the owners engage in that particularly nasty practice of 'calling a cab' for those leaving, get you a private car and then charge the private car a 'fee' for doing so. THEN the car charges you that extra. The smooth-talking male staff member behind the desk who ran this little operation and his 'cohort' should be ashamed of themselves. For a tiny room, questionable running and then to top it off by scamming visitors, I'd strongly suggest ANY of the five hotels next door or others in the vicinity instead.	
Sep 11 2008 	Tiny and scuff room - unhandsome breakfast	we are 38/39 years old - two bed room - room per night gbp 74.00 incl. breakfast - location good (tube and buses) - bedroom very tiny but clean - bathroom scuff but clean - flimsy walls - floor squeakily in whole hotel (we get awake in the night) - breakfast unhandsome (only croissant, bun, toast, cheese, 2 sort of jam, butter, 4 sort of cereal, milk, tea, coffee, orange and a second juice, NO ham, NO bacon, NO egg, NO chocolate spread, NO fruits) - lift - friendly staff - grocery, pub and restaurant near by - beautiful street with old buildings - we try to find a better hotel at next time	
Sep 11 2008 	Dirty rooms and surly staff	Reception staff on our arrival can best be described as 'surly' and very uninviting. We felt that we were intruding on their domain and not welcome guests. These people even went as far as to have loud arguments about whose roles was what regarding guests. One such argument happened in front of the room full of breakfast patrons.There was an occasional exception to this sort of attitude but that was rare. Staff didn't seem to know what their roles were and there seemed to be areas of overlap causing friction.We overheard one American Guest in the elevator commenting about the computerized voice that announced the floors &quot; you know this is the friendliest voice I have heard in this place&quot;. This captured our thoughts as well.The management of the breakfast facility was lax---only on one day of our 8 day stay was there any check of who was attending the included breakfast---any one off the street could have wondered in!We wrote to the Hotels' headquarters 2 months ago with pictures but got no answer---they are obviously not interested in fixing the problems	
Sep 8 2008 	Pleasant Stay	I spent four nights at the hotel in September 2008. It's a short walk from the Queensway tube station, so easy to get to (if the tube line is working!) and nearby Bayswater road provides good bus links. On foot you are close to Notting Hill, Hyde Park, Marble Arch and Portobello Market.I shared a twin room with my friend. It was average sized, all you need really if you're sightseeing all day. And most importantly was clean. There was a fan in the room and a television with freeview channels. The hairdryer supplied was old fashioned - girls take your own if you are fussy about your hair! The room was serviced everyday.Breakfast was served between 7am and 10am and was pretty standard - bread, crossaints, cereals and jams. As well as tea, coffee and fruit juice. Nothing fancy, but again enough to set you up for the morning. It was set up like a buffet so you could go back for more.The staff were friendly and polite. We also bought discounted tickets from the front desk which saved us money on some attractions.Overall a pleasant stay, no major complaints. Perfect if you just want somewhere to crash after a long days sightseeing.	
Sep 4 2008 	My experience	I stayed at the HV London from the 31st July till 4th Aug this year with my elderly parents. We got lost looking for the hotel because our taxi driver did not know the exact location!When we arrived, my father went to check us in and when wegot to our room (which was a double), we were surprised because the room was just big enough for the double bed and dressing table! Tired and feeling nausea, I stayed in the room while my father went back to the reception to ask for a bigger room. I made myself a cup of hot tea, and feeling revived, I was about to look for my parents when a hotel staff came to the room and told me that our luggage will be taken to our new room. Hmm... I thought, my father must have worked his charm with the lady on duty that afternoon at the reception counter!The second room was big enough, it had a double bed and 2 tvs with a sofa sitting area. The bathroom was really nice and big too! Yes, as a Muslim, we found it hard to find space to place our prayer mat and perform our daily prayer, but we managed to find space. Before arriving at the hotel, I've read some of the reviews and found them not helpful at all, because how could I judge something I've not seen and experienced? I was prepared for anything, and some things that stood out for me was the friendliness of the &quot;lady&quot; on the day that we arrived, Ms.A, she even came to our room, once, to make sure everything was okay, she apologized to me and tried to explain a mistake she made on the bill she presented to MY father, she issued me a new hotel room card without extra charge when I accidently placed the original elsewhere and everytime she saw us she waved and gave us a big smile. Little did I know she was from Malaysia, because during our first encounter, she spoke English with British accent and when she suddenly spoke in Malay, I was pleasantly surprised! During our stay, I had a chance to meet the Manager of the hotel's son, who worked part-time at the restaurant, very helpful and always ready with a smile, a Malaysian student working part-time, A, who showed me places of interest on the map one evening at the reception counter when there were no customers, Ms. N, whom I met one bright morning, she was very cheerful and friendly, Mr. M, who also showed me places of interest on the map, another Mr. M, whom I called one early morning to ask for the iron, and he said I can use it at no charge, because I think he was leaving his night shift in half an hour and said to just mention his name when I return the iron and board to the reception, and when I did, the staff just nodded and smiled at me! (the hotel asks for a 10 pound deposit and for each hour, they charge one pound)!The food... no complains. I'm grateful that the breakfast and dinner that we had at the hotel was adequate and full of variety. I don't want to sound bias, since I am a Malaysian and a Muslim and HV is a Malaysian run hotel, but the food was good and HALAL. The restaurant staff, every morning, never fail to smile and serve us well. The breakfast spread which consisted of cereals, buns, juices, jams, toasts, slices of cheese made it easy for my father to choose what he wanted, since he was a fussy eater and was on medication. And you can even order nasi lemak (rice cooked in coconut milk with condiments such as egg, slices of cucumber, fried chicken), roti canai (3 pieces of this famous Malaysian breakfast with a big bowl of chicken curry serving!). I can never forget the creaking sound of the wooden floor at the food area every morning during breakfast, I didn't know whether to laugh out loud or tell the stranger next to me about it, guess I'll keep it as special memory of my exprience in Holiday Villa, London 2008.Location wise, like been said in previous reviews, HV is situated very conveniently. As you step outside the hotel, (while I was there, the front facade was adorned with colorful flowers and a sight to behold), the shops are all within walking distance. Tesco, Boots, Whitleys shopping centre (they have a Mark&amp;Spencer department), tube station, travel agency, post office, groceries, souvenir shops.. So, make HV your choice of accommodation during your next stay in London!	
Jul 28 2008 	Not bad at all	My wife and I stayed here for about 9 days at the end of June 2008 with our 3 teenagers. We booked a double and a triple. The triple was spacious enough for 3 teenagers but the double was rather small - just big enough for 2 of us and our bag. As it was summer rooms could be a bit stuffy at times - no air conditioners. With the windows open it was okay but then street noise became a factor. Ask for rooms on the side away from the street.Rooms were clean, tea and coffee replenished daily and the continental breakfast adequate if a trifle boring. Staff were friendly if not all fluent in English.Easy access to the Bayswater and Queensway Tube and walking distance to Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Plenty of pubs and restaurants within 10 minutes walk.	
Jul 22 2008 	a No No...	this hotel is not a recommended one. For those whom usually stayed in Holiday Inn or 4 stars hotel anywhere in the world, please don't choose this hotel. It won't offer you that COMFORT and luxury touch!We stucked in our room for quite some time since the booking was made from hotel.com website. I was feeling horrible all the way during our stay. The room was so small.. in fact can just fit in one queen size bed, toilet area, dress table, tv bench and small corner for bags. I had to move things around to make space for prayer. That was bad!Breakfast was bad too. Been served same menu 3 days.. plain yogurt, prune, cereals, cheese slice and croissant+bread slice. In next 3 days.. just change the prune to pineapple cubes! arrggghh... So please consider Holiday Inn Hyde Park for same convenient- close to tube station and other transport access.	
Jul 2 2008 	OK but with some problems	The place is owned by a Malaysian Company and judging from the decor has been decorated to Malayan tastes but the reception is grand enough. Reception staff all exclusively eastern European so don't bother asking any questions about tourists sights or local restaurants. The room where we stayed is small and felt a bit stuffy. When we asked for the remote control for the aircon we were told it would cost £20. No way. We did however plug the aircon in and switched it on (without thermostat control). Breakfast was average. Many Malaysian tourists milling around. Plus points are the location. Very nice leafy street away from the hassle and bustle. If you just want a basic bed for the night then its fine. Overall judgment, I wouldn't stay there again unless I got a really good deal for less than £70 per night.	
Jun 26 2008 	Good enough for crashing at night	Preparing for our London trip in March this year, we chose Holiday Villa as our hotel, giving it had three strengths:1) Absolutely brilliant location both for the Tube, walking and taking the taxi;2) Breakfast included in the room price;3) Not over-priced.And we were indeed content with our stay. Sure, it is nothing fancy and doesn't make you want to spend your days there as well. But it isn't a nightmare as well.The staff was friendly and helpful, carrying our luggage up, helping us with the Internet and greeting us cheerfully at breakfast. Beds were made, towels changed and everything arranged daily. The room was definitely very small but that's not unusual for London; the bathroom was quite big, given the size of the room. We had a small problem with the water that was only freezing cold or unbelievably hot but we solved the problem quickly. Overall, I think it is worth the money, especially if you're not willing to spend too much money on a hotel but want decent things from it. Next time when in London, I'll be going back there.	
Jun 24 2008	A pleasant place to stay	I've booked for a 4 nights stay in double room but instead was given a triple/family room instead. Since the room is bigger, we dont have any complain there. The hotel is a about 5 minutes walk to the Bayswater station and further up there is the Queensway station on the Central line of the Tube. There are restaurants along the street where the tube stations are hence food is not a problem. The room is clean and the hotel itself is quite well kept. There's a lift in the hotel hence you dont have to worry about carrying your large luggage through the stairs unlike some other hotels in London. Breakfast was a bit of a dissapointment since they only serve toast and cereal. Would expect at least baked tomatoes, scrambled egg and hash brown. Overall, this a good hotel to stay in.	
Jun 14 2008 	Horrible Dump	We booked this hotel months in advance. When we arrived the rude Russian front desk lady told us that their computer system had crashed and our reservation could not be found. She tried to direct us to another, cheaper sister hotel. For the same price, of course. We insisted on staying there. Bad idea. She put us in a closet sized room that smelt of waste.The worst breakfast ever is included. Run by Muslims who seem to hate westerners, and this place is filthy, cramped, and just plain a dump.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Food Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights as a base before going to Paris..We booked through Booking.com which was much cheaper compared to the rates offered by the Hotel.If i were to rely on the reviews from this site i might have not choose this Hotel . I found that the Hotel was NOT as bad as the reviews.We arrived quite late in the afternoon, tired from a 13 hour flight. the staff were very nice , our keys were ready upon arrival and our luggage were carried by the staff to the room. Check- in was fast.The room was small, but it was clean. My bathroom was big and there was a little balcony in my room.The closet was small. no mini bar but there was tea making facilities , which was great for Mummys with little children! We had only one full day to explore London and got all the information from the front desk.We bought the hop on hop off bus tickets from the Hotel.Breakfast was included in the price. Breakfast was basic , toast croissant and cereals but it was enough.The atmosphere was very relax and casual (felt at home..)Location was great, 5 minutes walk from the bus station and 10 minutes walk from the shopping areas at Bayswater.I couldn't find much fault with this Hotel. Location was central. Rates was reasonable for London, If you want a big room just pay a little more , ALL , and I do mean &quot;all &quot; the staff were friendly and nice .For Muslims Tourist like me, the Hotel is perfect as the Food is Halal.i will definitely choose this Hotel for my next trip.	
Nov 10 2007	good place to stay	had read some bad reviews for this hotel but it is not as bad as some say; yes the rooms are small and a bit dated but overall very clean containing everything you need for a short stay.breakfast was continental usual breads and cereals ect. the hotel is approx 5 mins from lancaster gate tube station and just 3 stops from oxford circus so a great location for london visitors and yet quite at night so we slept very well so if you are looking for a clean hotel at a reasonable price you wont go far wrong we stayed 3 nights and had no problems if we were to stay longer a bigger room would be nice.one interesting point is the late night bar in the basement charlies bit of an eye opener expensive drinks but lovely ladies..not for the easily offended	
Oct 13 2007 	Friendly and Polite	I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel (some people especially Americans just seem to like complaining). My room on the second floor, which was quiet at night, was clean and well furnished. The staff were at all times polite and helpful, even the cleaning staff were friendly. As a frequent visitor to London, I found the hotel perfectly located for the majority of the tourist sites, and the Underground.	
Jul 21 2007	Rude Service Dishonest management so so room	This was our travel agents third or fourth choice for our 5 day stay in London. We did not realise that Wimbledon, Live Earth and the Tour de France were all on that week.She booked the room as a Tripe Room. We received a Double with no other bed until we complained to management. They tried to extract an extra €20 per night for a roll away bed or an extra €40 per night for a suite.After threatening to call the travel agent, incidentally my step mother, they relented and gave us the crappiest roll away bed they could find. With is in the room we barely had room to move about.The second biggest issue I had with this hotel was the inability to call free call (0800) numbers when they discovered that I was using Ipass to circumvent their extortionate wi-fi and Internet access charges. For the first two days of our stay there was no problem but for the last three days I was not able to connect. Enquiries to reception and management we met with a blanket denial first then an &quot;our system does not allow 0800 calls&quot;. When pressed as to why I could for the first two days they then said &quot;oh that was a mistake&quot;.As part of this they has also inadvertently blocked all out going calls. Attempting to call a UK cellphone and the Cosmos confirmations number resulted in disconnected calls after the first ring. Calling from my NZ cellphone, which is expensive, went through immediately. Again querying management were met with rude denials.Regarding the facilities, I too found mould in the bathroom. This was in the shower door joints and the liquid soap dispenser holder. It looked like it had never been cleaned. The soap dispenser was empty after the first shower and it took two days for it to be refilled.Breakfasts: The buffet continental breakfast we plentiful but were let down by rude non English speaking staff whose only interest seems to be how much they could offend you. I saw one shouting at a 12 or 13 year old French child who put a croissant in the toaster despite signs, in English, not to do so. The shouting was completely unprofessional and the poor girl scurried to her parents in fear. So I cannot honestly recommend anyone stay there unless they want to get ripped off royally, abused by staff. If you only want a bed for the night with minimal interaction with staff then this may be OK, but I am never going back there and will strongly recommend that my step mother have ittaken off the list of hotels that her chain of travel agents uses.	
May 3 2007 	a dump	I would sooner sleep on the street!! This hotel is a total MISREPRESENTED dump. Staff are rude and uncaring. It does not matter what language speak they cant help you. The rooms are dirty and the bathrooms have fungus. My son was in the hospital for two days In Brussels after staying in this hotel for 48 hours. I wish this hotel was in Canada so i could get the health department to inspect it.....it can't be healthy!!!! a ditch would be a better sleep.	
Mar 19 2007	Ok for people on a budget	I stayed at the Holiday Villa a few years ago when I was a student on a wekk long holiday to London. We basicly got what we paid for with this hotel although this did include a continemtal breakfast every morning. The room that a friend and I stayed in was resonably nice, it had two comfy beds, a TV, an ensuite with a shower and a bath, a large wardrobe and chests of drawers and a tea service. The room could have been a little cleaner but I think the decor and dark colours of the room made it look a bit dingy. The staff were resonably helpful...although a lot of them didn't speak good English which was surprising considering this hotel is in London! The hotel is in a good location and is within a 10 minute walk from the Underground and and Ice Rink. The hotel seemed quiet at night even though there were a lot of guets staying. The breakfast room was extremely crowded every morning and I queued for at least 10mins every day just to pick up a couple of slices of toast. I would recommend this hotel to students and people who are on a tight budget. I would not reccomend this hotel to families with young children.	
Feb 28 2007 	Find Budget Hotel	I listed this as average because I stayed at a budget hotel and got a budget experience. It wasn't a two-star with five-star asperations. It isn't a hidden gem. It is what it is. My sister &amp; I stayed for a week in January. It was part of a package deal. The reviews concerned me as they were all over the place. While I happily stay at Ys, and hostels, my sister normally stays at more expensive locations. That said, we both thought that the hotel was acceptable. Our room was long and narrow, with too much space given over to &quot;hall&quot; and not enough between beds and desk. If you're an American, you'll probably find their twin beds narrower than ours. You might find that they are too close. (We solved that by remaking the beds. I slept with my head at the foot of the bed.) My sister thought that the matresses needed to be replaced. You can't use a hairdryer in the bathroom, and my sister thought that the light was lacking in the bedroom for doing her hair, etc. As to the bathroom, it is the second time I've stayed at a London hotel that had a bathroom blocked, in part, by the toilet, BUT had 9 to twelve inches of space between its end, and a wall. It if had been moved over 9 or 12 inches, I would have felt more comfortalbe exiting it. There's little storage space (an armoir and a desk). I thought that the bathroom was clean, the carpet faded, and the neighborhood relatively quiet. The continental breakfast was fine. There was toast, rolls, croissants, butter, coffee, OJ, milk, cereal, yogurt, etc. The front staff answered any questions asked, and the young man who was working the desk - I forgot to get his name - was a treasure. He offered many suggestions on places to see and eat.. My sister's request at registration for a second pillow was promptly answered by an otherwise quiet young woman. Finally, avoid at all costs the Greek restaurant closest to the hotel. (Again, I forgot the name. It had pictures of famous folks with the owner in the window, and a Greek flag in the window.) Trust me. There are reasons why the other Greek restaurant - the one closer to Bayswater Rd. - is filled and it isnt!	
Feb 27 2007	Okay for the cost	We just returned from a week long trip to London with the Holiday Villa our home base for the week. We were there on a Virgin Holiday trip. I had read many reviews from others who had stayed at the Hotel. I agree with some and strongly disaree with others. The Room was small as I had expected. The room was worn but in relatively good repair.I certainly have stayed in worse places. The bathroom was clean. We had plenty of hot water whenever we needed it. The room was quite warm. We turned off the radiator and opened the window at night. Yes, the elevator was very small but it was dependable. The Hotel was not fully occupied so we had no issues with long waits for the lift. I disagree with the lack of friendliness of the staff. We found everyone helpful and pleasant. The location of the hotel is very convenient for lots of restaurants and shopping. The tube station was an easy walk from the hotel. Whether we would stay there again, probably not but I'd have no issue with staying in the general vacinity. It is quiet and we felt safe any time we were out and about. The desk would not call for a metered cab for us when we were checking out. We had them call a cab for us to go to a theatre in covent gardens. We failed to ask what the fare would be before we left. We ended up paying 18 BPS for the trip. An expensive lesson learned. The only other disappointment occured at the Greek restaurant down the street from the Hotel. The name of the place is &quot;Zorba the Greek&quot;. The waiter was very friendly and insisted in a very pleasant way that he order our dinner for us. The food was very good but it took a very long time to finally finish our meal. The cost of the meal was 70BPS . The meal was good but not worth that much. I learned a couple of expensive lessons.	
Feb 16 2007	great spot for week end for site seeing	Excellent position in Bayswater. Close Hyde Park and tubes Queensway, Lancaster Gate,and Bayswater. Approx £10 to taxi in to West End.Hotel was clean and more than adequate for a week end break.There were restaurants nearby. The staff were most helpful.Our room had a double and 2 twin beds so plenty of spaceWould use this hotel again	
Dec 31 2006 	Should be renamed the 'Shady Villa Hotel'	This place is horrific! Room rate jumped $1200.00, when we arrived (they upgraded our room from very bad to bad), hot water supply to showers down right dangerous (unless you like 3rd degree burns), heat supply to rooms shut off during the day, on full blast at night. Soiled dishes at breakfast, Fire alarm went off at 3 AM (they said they were cleaning fire alarm equipment -at 3: M???). Ants in rooms (no extra charge for them), beds like boards with blankets! This place should not get Stars; it should get an award for being a “big abyss” in London. London was magnificent except for “The Shady Villa Hotel”	
Dec 28 2006 	Perfectly servicable	It amazes me to see such negative reviews about the Holiday Villa. I don't understand what people expect from a hotel in London that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. We stayed at the Holiday Villa London for 6 nights - upon arriving early, we checked our bags at the front desk and set off to explore. The hotel is around the corner from the Queesway and the Bayswater underground stations, so it's incredibly convenient to both the Circle and the District lines. The location is wonderful, with Kensington Gardens down the road. The Bayswater area is full of restaurants, pubs and bodegas. The hotel itself is nothing special at all, but it is far from horrendous. Our room was tiny, but always clean. The coffee and tea service was replenished daily. The continental breakfast was meager, but who needs more than some toast and tea in the morning? For the price we paid, we were more than satisfied. As long as you realize that you're not going to be staying at a Hilton, you'll be fine.	
Nov 13 2006 	This is a low standard budget hotel - wouldn't go back	This hotel's web-site claims that it has &quot;100 elegant ensuite bedrooms&quot;; we didn't see any evidence of this during our stay. We were extremely disappointed by this Hotel. After driving over 400miles and sitting in stationary traffic works for over 2 hours on the North Circular we arrived at the hotel at 01.00 hours to be told that they did not have a car park as clearly stated on their web-site.I frankly find this dishonest and was most annoyed as we then had to a) find a car park and b) pay £18.50 a day to park it. We principally chose this hotel as it stated that it had parking which we thought reasonable given the quoted price. On entering our room after parking the car we found the room to spotlessly clean and the bedding crisp and fresh. The bed and decor were however rather tired and in need of updating. The bathroom was a joke, there was barely enough room to get into the sink, although it was clean but again the bathroom needed updating as the floor tiles were badly cracked. In common with many older hotels it is noisy although not unbearable.The reception staff were &quot;functional&quot; although a bit dry. The waiting staff at breakfast were friendly and efficient although the buffet breakfast was nothing to write home about. Did notice a few ants crawling over the table at breakfast which was disturbing.This isn't an &quot;elegant&quot; or very comfortable hotel however it is in a good location and is reasonable. Most guests will be out and about site seeing so all you really need is a clean room and bed to go to at the end of the day. This hotel will provide that however I wouldn't recommend it to business travellers or those who appreciate good hotels.	
Nov 12 2006	Don't ever go here - disgusting in every way should be shut down!	Had a great business/pleasure trip in London, marred by one very important aspect - this awful hotel in Bayswater. Everything to do with it was awful, and I'm not usually very fussy about where to stay. I chose here as it was a last minute trip and availability in London wasn't great, also they were offering B&amp;B at £75 a night, good for London I felt. However, like any accomodation this cheap in London, there's a major price to pay. To be positive, the hotel is a 2-minute walk from Bayswater Tube, and is excellently served by buses, taxis, all public transport, and it's a minute or two's walk from Hyde Park, Notting Hill and a few minutes from Paddington station. The road where it's based is in a nice location, with lots of white-fronted multi-storey townhouses, the type that make London famous, particularly in its more affluent areas. But that's where the positivity ends, I'm afraid. The hotel is in dire need of renovation, it clearly hasn't been touched since the 80s and everywhere stinks of cigarette smoke and sweat (despite the fact that I requested a non-smoking room). I was told upon checking in that during my 2-night stay, I would have to change rooms which was annoying, but a necessary evil, so I was willing to overlook the fact that this was stated to me with no apology by the grumpy receptionist. I checked in, and was moved to a room on the left extremity of the fourth floor which was apparently a double - if the two people staying there are both 6 stone! It was tiny and very basically furnished - no hairdryer or trouser press (very annoying considering I had a formal business meeting the next day), and not even any coffee, biscuits or soap or shower gel etc! Mind you, these are only garnishes to me when it comes to checking into a hotel but it goes to show the contempt in which they clearly hold their clientele. The room was sordid and sleazy, the paper was falling off the walls, there was mould on the ceiling and in the bathroom. To make things dramatically worse, I went to bed that night early for my business appointment the following day, only to be woken up at 2am the next night by the very loud lady next door. There were loud knocks on the door every half-hour, and a loud &quot;hello&quot; being uttered by both her and her male callers - make what you will of that, considering that it went on from 2am until 6am that night. I reported it to the desk but was told that she was a regular client to the hotel and considering that my room was going to be moved anyway it shouldn't be a problem anymore - not the ideal satisfactory response I was hoping to get but anyway......So I vowed to spend as much time as possible out of the hotel for the rest of the trip, which resulted in me having a good weekend I guess! To be fair, my bags were moved to the other room (which was single and absolutely miniscule, but thankfully my neighbours were much quieter). Both rooms were extremely hot and stuffy, even though the radiator was switched off and there was no air-con of any kind in either the room or the bathroom, so they really need to do something about this - I could barely sleep the second night it was so stifling - and this is London in November, what must it be like in July?! In fact I was so overheated I chose to walk round London the following day with no coat on as I was almost rendered nauseous with the heat. And speaking of nauseous - breakfast. Absolutely awful, awful, awful. The only edible stuff they had was toast and small little pastries, no fresh fruit, no cereal and no other options at all bar extremely watery juice which was dispensed from a dodgy-old looking machine. Oh, and tea and coffee. The dinner menu didn't look brilliant either, I saw a few room service plates being left outside rooms, that were barely touched and to be quite frank looked sloppy and not very edible.The final touch was when I checked out, I asked for my bags to be left, as my train was not until 5pm that night. This was not a problem, however bear in mind that when I returned to pick them up, the receptionist left me to my own devices and I was left in a left luggage room to collect what I wanted - potentially I could have left with anything I wanted (none of the bags were tagged by the hotel as belonging to anyone in particular). Nobody noticed when I left either. Oh, and did I add that I was behind the counter at the time and was free to do what I wanted as well? Very poor security there.So all in all, despite the price paid, I wouldn't go near the place again. I think London's private non-corporate owned hotels need to take a good look at themselves and buck up their game, as this really put a downer on my trip. It really is non-hygenic and a grotty little place, and as noted earlier, not for the easily offended or the woman on her own (as I was).	
Oct 10 2006	Could it be any smaller???	I stayed in this hotel last week as part of a Virgin Vacations package. It was a step above the lowest level hotel they offered. I had a single room that was beyond tiny. I have stayed in many hotels in London and this was by far the smallest. The bed was so small, I kept on rolling out of it at night and hitting the wall. The room (512) was rather hot and stuffy and opening the windows didn't seem to help much. The room was kept very clean during my 3 night stay. The bathroom was itty-bitty, very clean and very, very old. The toilet was broken and when I asked the front desk to fix it, they said it has been broken for a long time and needed to be replaced. That was it. Thankfully, I figured out that if I flushed three times very fast, it finally flushed properly. The good thing was that there was always plenty of hot water from the shower. Oh, the ceiling vent in the bathroom left huge puddles on the floor when it rained.This must have been the worst room they have and I was most likely given it because I paid a fraction of what the rooms normally cost...I would have been livid if I had paid their rack rate for it. I never took part in the breakfast they offered and found the staff to be neither friendly nor unfriendly...I did not, however get my messages, probably because the receptionist who took them spoke very little English.The location was fine, in a safe and relatively quiet area. There are two Tube stations about 10 minutes away by foot and lots of shops along Queensway. If I could get this hotel for really cheap, I would probably stay there again, because of the convenience and cleanliness.	
Jun 29 2006	Stay Away!	Our family of 4 had a terrible experience. Checking in time was way too rigid. Reception staff were cold and indifferent. We made the reservation way in advance and it was very clear that we had children, and we requested for adjoining rooms but the receptionist behaved as if it was the first time he heard about the request. That was 11am and we were not allowed to check in. When we returned much later at 8.30pm, we were still given two rooms which were a distance apart. Upon checking in, the shower head was broken but there was no one available to repair it. The next day, when we came back from our outing and asked the receptionist whether the shower was fixed, he replied, &quot;I hope so!&quot;. The floors are squeaky and sound proofing is non existent. Breakfast spread is very limited. We thought we might have expected too much but we heard at least two guests asking the waiter if the spread was all they were serving.	
Jun 28 2006	Really small but good location	I've stayed in several hotels across Europe for about this same price, and this one was definitely the smallest. Besides the size, there were a few other problems such as the electricity going out and the cleaning staff forgetting to actually clean our room. Nonetheless, the location is really good and taking the underground means you'll be anywhere within minutes (the closest stops are Queensway and Bayswater). Also, I felt safe coming back late at night, so that's one less thing to worry about. Just one tip: there's an internet cafe just down the block that closed down randomly, so I never was able to use my entire week card, so I don't recommend going there.	
Jun 18 2006	would never go here again or recommend going to	i booked this hotel over the internet going on the pictures it looked a nice hotel. when we arrived at about 12 oclock we were told we could not check in untill 2oclock, bearing in mind we had travelled a long way and where dieing to freshen up before going to a gig. we were told we could put our luggage in the luggage room, which we were alittle anxious about doing, but we did, when we finally got back to the hotel we collected our things and checked in, just got handed the key to our room no directions on how to get to the room or even what time checking out was. so we asked for some assistance on where to go to get to the room and the man who worked there just said go in the lift, not what floor to get off at or any thing he was just blantently rude.  after haveing a very long day the first thing i wanted to do when i got to the room was to have a shower. the shower felt like i was having ice cold water poored over me which isnt pleasent and the temp gage was on full heat. in the morning my friend and i were watching tv and we had a knock on the door before we could even get up and answer it we had a room attendant walk in to our room no appology or anything, she just closed the door again. fair enough this could have been an accident but then for the same thing to happen again but this time with out even a knock, we were horrified, and felt really unwelcome and felt like we had to leave the room quickly. when checking out ive never experienced such unfriendly receptionist, they didnt ask if we enjoyed our stay or anything, and felt the way the came across was quiet patronising. definatly wont be staying here again	
Apr 20 2006	Almost the Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	We were with a school group, 31 people total, we did not pick this hotel it was part of the package. We got to the hotel early, 10:00am and had to leave our luggage in the &quot;storage room&quot; which was a back hallway. When we got back after a tour of the London Tower it was 6:00pm and we were given our keys to the rooms. We were in a triple room, my wife, daughter and I. Room 402. First the elevator is rated for a max. of three people, 2 with 1 suitcase each, whenit was working. When we got to the room, it was small with 2 single beds the were hard as a rock no longer than 5 foot, and a cot that was so soft you sank in. THe pillows were very thin, we folded up the bedspred to give more cushion. Then we went into the bathroom, it was very small it had a small shower stall that you could not bendover in, and they built it right in front of the sink, it was with in 6 inchs of the sink. You could not use the sink, I could barely fit mmy head between the wall and the shower to spit in the sink when trying to brush my teeth. I went down to complain and they said that there were no other rooms available except a suite for 300 pounds more. I demanded to talk to a manger, one could not be found, he was on break. finally they located him by phone and he was going to let us have a double room on a different floor and I could keep room 402 for my daughter. We did not want to be on a total different floor in a foriegn country from my daughter so we decided to keep the room because ther were no other options. The room was hot I had to figure out how to turn off the radiator. By the way they do not have washcloths in europe. the elevator would get stuck if you had more than threepeople on it. If you used the stairs it was a killer, they were narrow and whindy. The breakfast was nothing great, no meat at all, the last day my neice fount an ant in the dry cereal. We were all very disapointed in the hotel and I am sure that we could have done better if we had done our trip independantley. It was a nice location, close to the tube stop and the park. Also the advertisment of a pool and Jacuzzi is false, whe I asked about them the manger said they took them out.I had read all the reviews on this site before we went on the trip, and the negitive ones are pretty much right on. As far as the positive ones theymust have been in the suites or some place else.I do not know who does the ratings but this is not a 3 star hotel unless the scale is based on 1-20.I have attached picures of the bathroom in room 402.	
Apr 18 2006	Some glitches but overall not horrible...	I stayed at the Holiday Villa at the beginning of April for two nights. I arrived early in the day to store my luggage, and all was well. The management teased me a bit, but in a friendly manner. When I returned to officially check-in later that evening, I was at the desk all of 30 seconds before I was given my key.  Because of some difficulty reserving the room over the internet (somehow all of the websites serving this hotel would not process my request), I called directly and was given a rate that matched the best internet price. However, I forgot to specify over the phone that I would like a non-smoking room. So I was disappointed when my room was stuffy and had a lingering smell of smoke, but can't exactly fault the hotel since I am the one who made the mistake. I opened the window (my room was on the busy street), but the airflow wasn't great. I prefer a warm room, but it was approaching my upper temperature threshold. The room itself was small but well-equipped. There were a few holes in the walls from pictures long-since removed, and some areas with peeling wallpaper. However, the room was immaculate. The kettle was clean, there was tea as well as coffee (including creamers and sugar), and the closet was large enough to hang my jacket and store my luggage (the size of a backpack). For those people who say the closet is a joke, I merely wonder what they had planned to store in there. The bathroom was the most impressive feature of the room, as it truly was spotless and quite spacious. On the old side, yes, but incredibly clean (I'd almost say sterilized if I had a cotton swab and an agar plate to confirm it). I seriously considered taking a bath because it was so inviting (but it's still a hotel room, so I passed). I did, however, soak my feet in the bath. I panicked when I couldn't turn off the water, but then tried a push-turn technique with the faucet and it seemed to work. The pull-turn technique was also useful. The toilet had a strong flush and the sink was also immaculate, so no complaints in the bathroom department. The bed was twin-sized, and had I arrived at the hotel earlier, I would have called down to reception to ask for an additional pillow. This one was rather old and I think the feathers were simply for show, as they did not act as a head prop at all.  The most disturbing part of my stay was that, at about 11:30pm, an hour after I had gone to bed, I heard a key turn the lock in my room. Luckily I had placed the bolt over the door, but it woke me and I called out that someone was in the room. A heavily accented man (with a different accent to the rest of the staff at this Malaysian hotel) ordered me to open the door, but I refused. He said he was hotel security doing the nightly check, and that I was not supposed to be there. I told him that I would not open the door under any circumstances, and to have the front desk call up to me if they wanted me to vacate the room. He assured me that he did work for the hotel, but I didn't budge. The next morning, I did confirm that he was a staff member, and the day manager apologized profusely, saying that the evening staff forgot to fill in all of the necessary check-in paperwork for me...thus resulting in confusion with the night staff. The manager also gave me a message that had been taken for me the previous afternoon but not given to me at check-in.  I then went for breakfast and found tasty tea, warm croissants and the usual English breakfast fare. No complaints there.The next day was much less eventful, thank goodness, and the following morning saw another pleasant breakfast. The staff (other than a very confused night manager) were all very pleasant, the location was perfect for a first-time traveller to London, and the hotel was, I repeat, *very* clean. I would pack some earplugs, however, as the walls are quite thin (mostly the sound of doors opening and closing, but not much in the way of televisions) and the noise on the street can pique in the middle of the night.	
Apr 11 2006	Highly recomended.	Me and my husband spent a wonderful 5 nights in this hotel during our stay in london last year.Though the room was rather small but the staffs were so friendly and helpful.To Aran, thank you for your superb treatment.We surely will come again.	
Apr 11 2006	Not too bad!!	Swing a cat??? I could hardly turn around, it was so small! The very claustrophobic hallway led to an even more claustraphobic room. It was a cheapy though so you cant expect too much. I kept knocking my head on the wall lights because there wasnt enough room to get around the bed. The shower didnt work properly and there wasnt enough bedding so I was cold all night. The 'wardrobe' had just enough room to fit one sock!!! OK, slight exaggeration but still, very tiny. Continental breakfast was adequate. Plus points - Good view from our room, quiet, friendly staff, convenient location. All in all - good value as in centre of London, with local amenities on doorstep.	
Feb 21 2006	A good affordable hotel in a convenient location	I would actually give this hotel 3.5 stars if I could as I think it deserves more than 3.My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights on our first trip to London. We found the hotel to be well-located (a 5 minute walk to the Bayswater subway stop on the Circle/District lines and a 10 minute walk to Paddington Rail/Subway station from where a lot of buses leave) with a free continental breakfast (adequate for my purposes; my husband ordered an omlet everyday as needed more food - cost was 3.5 pounds) and clean interior. Our double room (#517) on the 5th floor was tiny but we were in it mostly just to sleep and it served that purpose fine as it was at the end of the hall and very quiet. The bathroom was small but also big enough for our purposes. The hotel also has a small elevator, big enough to fit 4 adults tightly, that's it but as everything in London tends to be small (narrow streets, theater seats, cars, etc.) the sizing of everything was something to get used to for us Americans:)The hotel is located close to a big mall and a street, Queensway, full of shops and restaurants. We tried a pub a block from the tube stop which was decent (the fish and chips were good, the roast my husband had was jut OK) and a good Greek restaurant on Leinster Gardens (the street on which the hotel is located), Zorba something... The owner literally walked outside to make us come in and try it - he was a good salesman!From the hotel we walked to Kensington shopping through Kensington Gardens (very close) and to Buckingham Palace through Hyde Park (a bit of a walk but we loved it!). Harrod's and Knightsbridge is also walkable but the day we wanted to attempt it it rained so we just took the subway back from Harrod's to the hotel. I would say other areas like Mayfair/St.James's are walkable but it's a looong walk:)Overall, I'd say we'd stay here again although I'd prefer to try to stay in a different area of London next time I visit to explore a different neighborhood.	
Feb 8 2006	Cant Wait to Go Back Had a Great Time	From check-in to check-out it was an amazing experience that strangely leaves you a little hollow afterwards when you realise that the rest of the world isn't as perfect, friendly and efficientI stayed at the Holiday Villa London for four nights over New Year with my girlfriend. The hotel is in a great location, just 20 mins walk to the Oxford Street and 5 mins to Hyde park but at the same time is in a fairly quiet street in bayswater. The room was nice but maybe a bit small but the bathroom was a very good size. The staffs were very friendly and helpful and generally we enjoyed our stay in the hotel. We also ate in the restaurant for our New Years Dinner and the buffet was to die for, we really loved it! The food was smashing, and the service could not be faulted (complements of the chef!).	
Dec 17 2005	This hotel surely doesn't deserve three stars	I for sure do not share nor understand the opinions of my fellow writers. (unless it's the hotel manager trying to promote his hotel in a sneaky way) But seriously the room was hardly larger than the bed even though I understand that small rooms are common in London. But also the bed itself can hardly be called doublesize.It was extremely hot (the heat was comming from outside the room) in there and the floor was cracking all over. As for the staff, they hardly spoke a word and for sure they never heard of hospitality. The breakfast buffet was very incomplete, no bacon nor eggs were displayed and the sandwiches were very hard (not fresh). Only the croissants were very good. I understand this is an Malasyian hotel only serving halal food, but then again you might expect English breakfast in the heart of England. The menu was very limited only serving a few menu's, for sure there are much better chinese restaurants in Soho serving better Asian specialties at a much better price - quality.The neighborhood is nice and the hotelfront looks great too, but for sure that's not enough to convince me staying there again.	
Dec 6 2005	whats all the fuss about?	my boyfriend and i stayed at the holiday villa for 5 nights (10 november til 16 november) and loved this hotel. i have been overseas before, so i knew what to expect. i tried to prep my boyfriend as best i could. i told him, the room will be small, the shower will be stand up only, and the elevator will fit maybe two people plus luggage. and all of these things have held true on every trip overseas. we checked in at the holiday villa, went up to our room. it was small, but not as small as some other rooms i have stayed in. the bathroom, however, was huge in comparison to the others. we could actually both fit inside the bathroom at once! it did have a stand up shower, which was clean and well stocked with towels. the closet is pretty small, but it was big enough to fit my boyfriends luggage in. and i put mine beside the closet between the tv and the wall. we had plenty of room to walk around. we did live out of our suitcases that whole week, but honestly, its easier that way. breakfast at the hotel was good for a continental. there was bread, a toaster, rolls, jelly, cereal, milk, and juices. they also have an a la carte menu if you would like fried eggs or other breakfast stuffs. the restaurant in this hotel serves the best malaysian food i have ever had. one night (the only really rainy night on the trip), we decided to stay in and eat at the hotel. great choice. the wait staff are extremely helpful and pleasant. the hotel is about a 3/4 mile walk from the bayswater tube station. there is a closer one, queensway, but that is closed until may of 2006. the worst part of our entire trip was dragging the luggage almost a mile to the hotel being jetlagged. and i guess even that wasnt so bad. leinster gardens has a lot of little convience stores on it. they sell fresh fruits, drinks, ready made sandwiches, etc. there is also a fantastic greek restaurant at the beginning of the street. i highly recommend it. also, queensway (the street with the tube stations on it) is a tourist haven. they have everything you could ever need. more convience stores, tourist shops, food...etc etc. we ate most of our meals on this street. it was close to the hotel and we knew our way around. we also ate breakfast on this street a lot! there is a very good french patisserie down queensway on the block before whiteleys. CHECK IT OUT! the cornish pasties are to die for! all in all, i would definitely stay in this hotel again. its close to all the things i love about london (shopping, food, and hyde park!) and had all the amenities we needed. the staff here are superb and by the end of the week, they were handing us our key as we walked in. service this good isnt found too often in low cost hotels. so snap this one up!	
Nov 27 2005	Friendly 	I really don't know why people are complaining. I stayed here together with my family for five nights and we all enjoyed our stay. I am a regular traveller to London &amp; compared to other London hotels I have stayed in before, this place is really clean, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was perfect, central and quiet at the same time. Standard rooms are small but not for London standards. For a longer stay I would recommend an upgrade because there is not much room to store your belongings.Would also recommend the hotel restaurant which serves very good food, again very helpful &amp; pleasant staffs. Well done!	
Aug 19 2005	never again!	I visited this hotel on the 16/8/2005 and I wish I had stayed at home. I paid £80 through alpha rooms for a double room! Double room !! you couldn't swing a cat in it. The bed was a 3/4 bed and the room furniture was dated and pointless because there were no drawers and the 'wardrobe had no coat hangers and was big enough to just accomodate half my wife clothes. I left mine in my case. The bathroom was adequate. The dining room was okay serving bread and jam for breakfast with a few dry croissants available.  We went for a drink at the bar and I ordered three cans of bitter and my wife had 3x 50ml glasses of baileys. Before we left the bar my wife ordered a litre bottle of water. I asked for the bill and I nearly fell off the stool when he asked for £26.00. The charge for the baileys was £6 a glass and the water £3.50p In conclusion, only stay at this hotel if you are a midget and love the idea of being taken for a ride. AVOID IF POOSSIBLE!!	
Aug 5 2005	A very enjoyable experience	Thank you very much for the warm hospitality that you gave us during our short stay in London. The room upgrade to the Royal Suite is something that we will remember for the rest of our lives! We really had a great and comfortable stay. We will definitely recommend your hotel to everyone back in Malaysia should they like to stop over in London. Thank you for everthing.	
Jul 5 2005	Excellent value for the money	This is a quaint lodging establishment. Rooms are small, but very clean. Staff was more than adequate and helpful. Pillows are typically small, but when we asked for more the front desk sent them right up. Staff members are indeed Malaysian and we did have to slow down to listen to their instructions and directions, but they were very warm and helpful. We arrived on an early morning flight and were allowed to check in. Hotel location is convenient to shopping, entertainment, dining, underground, and Hyde Park. Location of hotel was such that walking around late at night was safe and easy. Great value for the money...if your expections are of the champagne variety you need to stay at the Hilton; however, who spends all day in their hotel room anyway when in London!	
Apr 29 2005	Very friendly hotel	This hotel is in a great spot well located to get out and about London with good public transport links. The staff are polite and efficient rather than gushing,It was clean had the basic things we needed.Breakfast is adequate which probably counts as pretty good in London - a buffet of cereals, breads, rolls, corsunts, meat, cheese and also some fresh fruit with natural yogurt.We had a great room - classified as a Double room on the 1st floor to the front of the hotel, It had nice high ceilings and lots of space. The bathroom was of good size too.I would certainly stay here again at this.	
Apr 15 2005 	Nice Hotel great stay	After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I am surprised with some of the negative comments which I think are a bit over the top. On my arrival to the hotel a porter came to my taxi and carried my bags to the reception, I was quite amazed at this as not all 3* hotel does that. On checking in I was given a Double room on the 2nd floor the room was small, but bigger than some I have stayed in on my trips to London. My room was very clean and was also cleaned daily. The staffs during my stay were very friendly and helpful. I use the hotel restaurant on a few occasions during my 6 night stay and I must say the food was the best Malaysia cuisine I’ve tasted out side Malaysia.	
Mar 15 2005	not that bad	I have been using this hotel for a few years and never had any problems - obviously things can always go wrong but it is not that bad really.Regarding the size of the rooms, note that if you want large rooms in London avoid 3* hotels. Most of them have small rooms - I speak from experience. Especially if hotel situated in old buildings like most hotels in Bayswater/Paddington area.In all that hotel is not that bad...	
Jan 18 2005	Not as bad as I expected	I read the reviews after my friend had booked us for 6 nights at this hotel. I was mortified by some of the reviews but the room was booked and paid for already. When we arrived the twin room we were given was far too small and the hotel was nice enough to give us a better, larger room at no additional charge. There didn't seem to be an excessive amount of smoking in the lobby, the hot water was adequate, but I'd say they need to remodel the rooms and the bathrooms. The location is just great, short walk to Bayswater Underground station, few minutes to Hyde Park and Portabello Road. Honestly, I would not stay here again but all in all not an awful hotel. Word of warning, check your bill on check-out, we had a dinner charge which wasn't ours listed - they did take it off without any problem.	
Nov 2 2004	Terrible!	This has to be the worst three star hotel I have ever seen!The receptionist was impolite, for the two of us we we're given a small room with three single-beds in it, breakfast was poor, there was mold in the bathroom etc. etc.Never going back!	
Oct 6 2004	Very dirty hotel!!!!	Oh my god! This hotel suck! The room was so small! I guess the toilet was even bigger!! The double room bed is just like a single bed size! I never seen such a small double bed in my life. At the beginning, i thought that the blanket and pillow were clean, but then when i took out the top blanket, JEEEZ, there is so many old sperm from the people who stayed there before sticking around the blanket.. My god, that was a REAL nightmare! The breakfast? so little choice (2 kinds of bread and 2 kinds of marmalade, thats all you can choose) The service was not that friendly as i expected from a Malaysian hospitality. Everytime when i think of this hotel, i get really ******. 3 star? no way,this would be only 1 star hotel!!!The closet? Hmm, i can only put 2 jackets in it (can you imagine how big is that?) The old furniture where they put the Phone almost collapsed when i put a small bottle of water on it.We paid 110€ per night, i guess that was not worth it at all. So people, what i wrote here is Real, im not creating a story!	
Jul 17 2004	Excellent little hotel	My wife and I stayed three nights at the hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay. We have to say that when we first checked in, we were expecting a very small room as we had read the previous reviews of the hotel. We stayed on the 3rd floor and although the room was relatively small, it was adequate for our needs. The bathroom was very very clean and we had no problems with hot water as experienced by other guests. We normally took our baths very late at night after coming back from sightseeing and never once were we faced with a lack of hot water.There was a slight problem with the heater in our room which we duly reported to the front desk. Within 10 minutes, someone came to our room to inspect the faulty heater. After checking on it, he went away and came back with a portable heater for us. We were very impressed with the way they handled the matter. That left us with a very good impresssion of the hotel and its staff.Breakfast was the normal continental fare which was adequate for our purposes as we wanted a quick and filling breakfast before embarking on our sightseeing.We liked the neighbourhood as it was very central and the place felt safe even though we walked back late at night. Hyde Park was a 2 minute walk from the hotel and Queensway and Bayswater tube stations were a 5 minute walk away. We would definitely return to the hotel when we are next in London and we recommend this hotel highly to everyone.	
Jun 21 2004	worst hotel i ever stayed in!	i have travelled to 3rd world countries and stayed in VERY primative hotels, but i must say that this was my worst travel experience related to a hotel stay!hot water was available on a hit or miss basis. the room was totally mis-represented to us, and when they offered us another room, THAT room was so small you had to vault the first bed, which touched the wall at head and foot, to reach the SECOND bed in the room.{they must save the 2nd room as their &quot;threat&quot; if you complain.}the closet was 7 inches wide{good for a source of amusement, bad for storage}. day staff was adequate, night staff spent the night hanging around the lobby, eating and smoking, and acting annoyed if a guest wanted to use the area.i would stay away from this hotel. 	
Jun 4 2004	A Great Choice for Average Traveler	I stayed at the hotel over spring break (March '04) via a gotoday--- package with my friends and was pleasantly surprised. The room was very, very clean and the bathroom looked newly renovated and was bright and very, very, very clean. Maid service was excellent! Hot water was a big problem for my showers and my showers were always coldish-luke warm to the point of unpleasant. I never complained, though. Continental breakfast was OK. Nothing special, but not awful and adequate to get you through the day till lunch. Bed was fairly comfortable except for paper thin pillows. Nice location in a pleasant neighborhood with cheap restaurants and many Tube/Bus Stops. Also, steps away from Notting Hill and spitting distance to Hyde Park. I would stay here again if visiting London for its pleasant location and clean facilities---hopefully they will fix the frequently mentioned hot water problem, but that would not deter me from staying here again. Free tea/coffee in room. Walls were kind of thin, but it was my buddies next door so we had similar sleeping schedules and the noise was very, very light anyway through the walls.	
Apr 21 2004	Very Pleased	Maybe it depends on the timing of your trip....in reading some of these reviews literally days before my family left for London, I was very nervous about what we would find. Happily, we were very pleased with the hotel, and would definitely go there again. No school groups in the hotel during our visit (April 9-14); mostly couples and families. No issue with smoke in the hotel at all, which was important to us as we had requested no-smoking rooms; only saw one guest smoking in the lobby area. We had adjoining rooms on the 1st floor at the end of a hallway, so I can't comment on the lift. No real issue with noise in the hotel, other than the gentleman in the immediately adjoining room who could be somewhat noisy at night, but that was not the hotel's fault. Clean rooms and bathrooms. Excellent location with a 10 minute walk to the Queensway Tube station; no problems walking through neighborhood at night with my wife and two daughters (13 and 10). Plenty of hot water in the shower at all times, in fact our only issue was the water was sometimes too hot despite our efforts to moderate it a little. Only negatives we had there was a sink in one room was a very slow drainer, and as the hotel was part of a malaysian chain, we sometimes experienced language issues in asking questions, but staff was very accommodating. Breakfast was the standard continental, and was sufficient for our purposes. Excellent base for exploring London. All in all, a much better experience than reflected in many of these reviews.	
Mar 30 2004	Would Stay Here Again!	We spent 6 nites in this hotel in March, 2004. We found it to be quiet, clean and adequate. We stayed in room 124, at the top of the stairs, and though hotel guests were generally very quiet, I would request a room away from the stairs with people coming and going at sometimes early hours. The hotel was quiet - no school groups when we were there, and we didn't encounter any smoke in the lobby or breakfast area. We hate smoke, and were surprised to read complaints about it. The continental breakfast was adequate; the usual rolls, fruit, cheese, cereal. We were just interested in grabbing something and seeing the sights, so it was fine. Our hotel room was very clean, towels were fine (no washcloths), the hair dryer in the room worked, as did the hot water pot for coffee and tea. We stayed in a triple room (one single bed, one double), with a bureau, two nightstands, and an adequate closet. The bathroom was large, nice, bright and clean. We had plenty of hot water every day, and most days didn't shower until around 8 or 9:00. The view was good - no unsightly trash, etc. The room was fine; we were there to see London! Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. An easy 10 minute walk to Paddington Station. Easy to reach from Heathrow Airport-take the Heathrow Express non-stop to Paddington Station. We took a cab to the hotel from Paddington because we weren't sure where it was. It costs 4 pounds; after that, it was easy to just walk from Paddington. Hotel pool is closed for remodeling. An easy walk from the hotel to Kensington Palace and the Orangery (nice place for tea), Peter Pan Statue and Rotton Row. We also walked to Buckingham Palace, the Victoria and Albert Museum and to Harrods, but it was a hike-about 45 minutes walk to Buckingham. We enjoyed that, though. We are planning on returning this summer, and would stay at the Holiday Villa again, but would also consider other hotels in the neighborhood. Nice area; we took a couple of walks late at night, 11:00 or midnight, and people still about and it was enchanting; we were not afraid. Shops, restaurants, etc. near Paddington Tube Stop stay open until around midnight; very nice for late night strolling and a snack. We loved every minute of it and would recommend the hotel and the neighborhood!	
Mar 30 2004	Danger- bad hotel alert	Well, where do i start, as you enter the building it stinks like an off incense - after being told of my room number there was water dripping from the ceiling in the bathroom AND over the bed - crying and disgusted, no sympathy from the front desk than given another room!!!! gee thanks!!!! .You SHOULD NOT stay here because they need to renovate urgently as the floors are extremely creeky and unstable and someone is going to fall through one day. They have a dodgy 'handyman' who puts silicone everywhere, bad furniture, bad breakfast........some of the front desk people where okay though.	
Feb 26 2004	Would stay there again with caveats	It's easy to pick out the negatives in any review, so I'll just get them overwith: The lobby was smoky - chokingly thick clouds of tobacco at all hours of the day. The school groups that stayed there were loud and young and smoked a lot. They also tied up the pay phones. The elevator broke down a few times during the stay. The shower didn't have any hot water one morning, but after a twenty minute wait it was fine. The hotel has the peculiar tradition of having you turn in your room key at the front desk when you leave and pick it up when you return. I've encountered this in other London hotels and assume it's just one of those European quirks.All of that said, I'd stay there again if the price was right. The smoke issue would probably be present in any hotel (restaurants allow smoking too) and I can see that to some people being able to smoke in the lobby would be a plus. The location was fantastic and the room was clean.	
Feb 23 2004	Excellent location. Lots of high school students.	We booked this hotel as part of a gotoday package to London. After reading the reviews at Christmastime on this site, we were a bit leery of what we would find! We found our experience to be in the middle of those who have posted earlier.We had room 124 initially, but were told we had to move so they could work on plumbing overhead. 124 (a triple) had a double bed, single bed, and bureau in between. There was a good sized wardrobe, and a decent sized bathroom with tub/shower combo. Size wise, it was a bit larger than we expected, (As a college student in the 1980's, I lived in a boarding house around the corner from the Holiday Villa. The Coleman Lodge had tiny rooms and shared bath, so we had no illusions about &quot;European&quot; hotel ratings.). 124 had a lovely view of the small garden out back.The room they *tried* to move us to was a tiny double, and they proposed to move a cot in for our 9 year old. He would have literally been sleeping at the foot of our bed, leaving no room to walk in the room. We made it clear that this was unacceptable, and they found a third option. The comprise was room 123, which was a funky room, but perfect for our needs.123 had a key locked door, and then a flight of steps leading to the master bedroom (double bed and wardrobe.) It also had a long narrow cubby running parallel to the stairs that could have been used as a closet for people who travel with the kitchen sink. (We had one carry-on a piece, and we stored our bags in there.) I imagine larger families have even tucked a cot into that space. To the left of the stairs was a smaller room, with a single bed, desk, bureau and a tv. The bathroom was off this room. While the 2 rooms had a wall separating them, there was no door (french door size door opening). However, it gave us more family space and privacy than we expected.The good points: room was larger than anticipated (but we had to be very firm with the staff to get this room, rather than the teeny tiny room they wanted to put us in). The staff was friendly. Typhoo tea (a family favorite!) provided in the room w/ electric kettle.The hotel is off Bayswater, so there wasn't much street noise. (See &quot;Beware&quot; caution, regarding noise, though!)Helepi, the kebab restaurant down the street, is Zagat rated, and was lovely. The food was wonderful, and would have been reasonably priced had the exchange rate not been so terrible. ($2 for one quid). We only ate there once.We were within easy walking distance of Queensway, Lancaster Gate, Paddington and Bayswater tube stations.There were several small markets and a liquor store on Leinster Gardens, plus several more on Craven Hill. There was a laundromat within walking distance (on Craven Hill or Praed, I forget which, but toward Paddington Station.)We were within easy walking distance of the lovely children's park built near Kensington Palace in memory of Diana, Princess of Wales. Climbing on the wooden ship was one of the highlights of our son's vacation.We didn't use it, but there was a computer in the lobby with internet access (&quot;starting at 50p&quot;).The downsides:BEWARE! This hotel is popular with high school groups. We hadn't realized that our winter break coincided with the winter term break in England and Europe. One night, 4 tour busses pulled up, all bearing high school students from Germany and France. The students were very loud from 11 PM to 1 AM, while they looked for their rooms and got settled, (walls are very thin, which didn't help). Made for a few rather loud breakfasts, and the kids had a tendency to monopolize the croissants.The breakfast room/restaurant was smoky. Even in non-smoking area, we felt overwhelmed by the smoke. We did not eat dinner at the hotel, so I can't say if it was the same in the evenings, but our clothes always smelled of smoke after breakfast, and all of us came home with dry hacking coughs.Breakfast was adequate. Croissants, hard rolls, white bread, prunes, yogurt, cold cereal. Cheese or bologna (never both.) Skim milk was available for tea or cereal, which angered a few people we met along the way. (They expected cream.)The hot water was iffy. For the first week of our stay, we had plenty of hot water. And the showerhead provided a real American-style shower. However, for the last couple of days, there was a less than adequate level of hot water. One of us would get a warmish shower, and the other two went to breakfast looking rather blue and chilly.There were ants in our bathroom. And, one day, crawling on the hard rolls at breakfast.The pool was out of order for our entire stay. We chose this hotel (from the gotoday list) because it had a pool, and were disappointed that it was not functioning. Since museums close early (often 6 PM), and we were travelling with a 4th grader, it would have been love-r-ly to have a pool in which to amuse ourselves in the evenings.The elevator is, indeed, tiny. It was also being repaired for most of our stay. (Not an issue for us, since we only had 2 flights of stairs. But had I been on the 5th floor . . . )All in all, this hotel offers an excellent location, and an adequate amount of space, provided you're not particularly fussy or are willing to negotiate for a triple or junior suite. There are, however, a number of other hotels on this street, and dozens within 3 blocks in all direction. I'd be tempted to go elsewhere my next trip.	
Feb 16 2004	Delighted to stay there!		
Feb 15 2004	Don't Waste Your Money		
Feb 3 2004	Pack light and you'll be just fine		
Jan 9 2004	Excellent hotel and great staff		
Dec 31 2003	Wouldn't stay here again		
Dec 10 2003	this holiday will not be repeated		
Oct 14 2003	Absolutely Horrible!		
Oct 6 2003	Reasonable but there must be better		
Aug 14 2003	Hotel ok good location		
Feb 5 2003	Inexpensive London Hotel Great Location Excellent Food		
Nov 21 2009 	Céntrico y asequible		
Nov 2 2009 	perfetto !!		
Sep 13 2009 	Correct et propre		
Jul 8 2009 	Preiswert und Gut genug für Kurzulaube		
Jun 1 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix ! à conseiller aux petits budgets.		
Apr 28 2009 	hôtel sympathique		
Nov 24 2008 	Repoussant hôtel		
Nov 6 2008 	Consigliato per la posizione e la cortesia!!		
Aug 18 2008	un hôtel agréable		
Oct 14 2007	letti e camere dimensione ridotte		
Apr 18 2007 	La manera mas ràpida de estropear unas vacaciones		
Mar 4 2007	Hôtel vraiment sympathique !		
Jun 23 2006	No volvería pero tampoco está tan mal.		
