Nov 21 2009 	Perfectly comfortable safe nights sleep	Does what it says on the tin.Higher quality than other travelodges.Clean and well maintained	
Nov 19 2009 	great hotel in perfect location	This is only 8 minutes from Fulham Broadway Tube station in a lovely and safe area. We arrived late at 11 pm -- buzzed to get in and got a family room with a double bed and a pull out bed. All spotless but beware there are no soaps and shampoo!!. You can buy them in the reception in a machine which we did. Slept well and had a lovely bath in the morning all ready for a day at the Good Food Show. We got a daily pass on the Tube for £5.50. We went to Le Pain Quotidien in Parsons Green for breakfast which was a real treat. Expensive but excellent in a lovely part of London and only a stop on the Tube. All in all, the Travelodge exceeded our expectations at 67 euro per night . !!	
Nov 17 2009 	Don't bother staying here if you want to explore London without your luggage!!!	This hotel is clean and in a reasonable location, about 5 minutes walk from Fulham Broadway underground station.HOWEVER we turned up early in order to go off and look around the city centre and we were told there was nowhere to leave our luggage!!!! I have never, ever come across this in all the hotels I have ever stayed in, be them 5-Star or small family run ones. We had to pay an extra £10 upon check-in to get our room early as this was the only way we could leave our luggage. Disgraceful.The same obviously applied for departure, but in this instance you can only keep the room until 2pm for another charge of £10, so we ended up having to drag our cases around London with us. As you can appreciate, this did not make for a nice day sightseeing and shopping!On the plus side the rooms are perfectly adequate and clean, but we had another problem with our shower starting to drizzle in the early hours, despite being fully turned off. This led to a flood in the bathroom which I discovered when I stepped into it in the dark - great.All I would say is this hotel is fine if you are on business and are literally turning up after work and leaving first thing in the morning, but if you want to go sightseeing and leave your luggage, forget it!!!	
Nov 16 2009 	ok new build Travelodge although avoid rooms located near reception	Brand new Travelodge, its not been open more than 6 months, which means that things are still fresh. Located on North End road in between Fulham Broadway and West Brompton stops (both are about 5 mins away) although Fulham Broadway is slightly closer.Room is standard new build travelodge, abeit with no air conditioning, and a larger LG screen TVMinus point is lack of air conditioning. (not required when we stayed as it was cold outside)Plus point lots of shops, restuarants and fast food places in the vecinity plus good access for the tube and night buses. Room was quite large too!Reasonbly quiet in the area at night, Although avoid any rooms by reception becuase of the ubiquitous travelodge slamming doors.Also free wi-fi from the Mcdonalds across from the hotel. The signal is strong enough to pick up in the rooms.Good, but like all new build travelodges will be interesting to see what this looks like given 6-12 months use.	
Nov 13 2009 	A good bed for the night in a great location.	The hotel is a basic but reasonably comfortable place to stay, as are most Travelodges. The location was wonderful. It's a short walk from Fulham Broadway tube station and you have plenty of bars, restaurants and high street retail outlets nearby, which more than makes up for the fact that there is no bar or restaurant in the hotel itself. Other Travelodges are in relatively remote locations, so it was nice to stay in the heart of such a thriving community.The rooms were clean and the staff were helpful. I was disappointed that we only had a shower and not a bath, but other rooms might be different. The bottle opener on the desk was very useful, however! The best thing was the view. We were on the third floor, which gave us a wonderful view of Stamford Bridge football ground, which is nearby, and also a lovely view of the London Eye, the Post Office tower and the Houses of Parliament in the distance.All in all, we had a very enjoyable stay and I would certainly recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Oct 22 2009 	Super cheap and super good	I booked this hotel when I was still under construction. I was lucky to find a super rate of 19 pounds per night (breakfast not included, but plenty of places nearby for that). This is the cheapest hotel night I've ever paid but it was very good too! The hotel, as I said, it's new, so everything was pristine. Very clean as well! I got a family room but we were 2 in the end. It was super big and the sofa that can hold 2 as it has a bed below too. The bed was a double one and very comfy. Also in the room: coffee making facilities and TV. And a curious bottle opener attached to the desk!You don't get toileteries included, but I always travel with mine, so don't really need them. Probably the only bad thing for a longer stay is that there's no wardrobe, just a rail with hangers. But still not that much important if you get a nice hotel with a super cheap rate. Great if you are going to Hammersmith or Fulham. I was going to the Apollo for a concert and it was the best option really! The Fulham Broadway tube stop is very very close. Looks further away in the maps, it's 5 minutes, less than 10 for sure. Plenty of shops around the station and also near the hotel. Also cafes (I had breakfast at a Costa one) and restos (from MacDonalds to nicer ones). Very safe area as well.So, if you expect a Hilton or a Marriott, this is not for you. But if you want a basic and clean hotel room for a great price, then book!	
Sep 29 2009 	Pretty characterless but handy for transport and shops	This Travelodge is located on North End Road at Fulham Broadway (about 5 mins walk from the underground of the same name). The hotel is new so the rooms are clean and modern. They are functional rather than luxurious.The hotel is above an Iceland frreezer shop. There is no bar or restaurant on the premises, but this is no big deal because there are plenty of places to eat and drink, from McDonalds about 10 yards away to more upmarket establishments in the immediate area.The shopping centre at Fulham Broadway underground station has shops and a cinema, so you don't have to drag yourself to the centre of London to shop or watch a film.	
Sep 1 2009 	clean and comfortable	we went for a weekend away and although not in the thick of it or in the centre of London it was only a short tube ride away from the nearby station at fulham broadway so easily accessible and alot cheaper than nearby hotels.our room was clean and tidy although on the smallish side it was more than adequate for us as we were out all day so only needed the room to sleep in.the street noise could be noisy sometimes sirens and that but the window once shut kept most noises out,but as far as the minus points all i could say is for a new hotel the window fittings wasn't very good as the handle to open and shut it was very lose and felt like could fall off any minute.would definitely stay there again tho.food wise round near hotel is good super markets etc all around	
Aug 17 2009 	One of the best Travelodges	Just returned from a 2 night stay at Fulham Travelodge having visited London to see U2 at Wembley Stadium.Check in very straight forward - friendly and informative young man on reception, brought an extra towel to room within a minute of request.Room basic but extremely clean and functional for weekend stay in London. Slept well - no noise at night and shower was very good. Booked room in advance and got a great rate (£30 per night).Only short walk from Fulham Broadway tube station and plenty of restaurants, pubs and shops nearby.	
Aug 7 2009 	week end in london	Easy to find from underground, Very nice service but the room was basic, tv, tea &amp; coffee and not much room to put clothes out, lived out of suitcase for 2 days as hubby used what hangering space they had! It is very easy to get to central London. Fulham high street was friendly and the pub on the corner was really nice. shops and food close as hotel on high street.Went to see Jersey boys fantastic play, music great.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great! Nice stay	We had a room to the side of the hotel so it was really quiet and we slept really well. The room was very clean. We had to move the bed as I'd dropped an earing and it was spotless underneath! North End rd is not the smartest of areas but real london! Busses 28, 31 stop by the hotel and its a short walk from fulham broadway.we found the staff really friendly. will definatly go there again.Good veggi restaurant at 222 North end rd.	
Aug 2 2009 	Overall a good stay	We had a family room which was very large by London standards. The whole hotel is clean and new and was a bargain for the cheap rate we were able to get. The neighbourhood has everything you'd need including a few shady characters. Close to several supermarkets and food outlets. On the downside it is about a 10 minute walk from Fulham Broadway tube, the windows don't open more than a few inches and there are no fans or airconditioning which makes for a very hot and noisy sleep during the summer. Overall I would definitely go back but probably better in winter.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very good Travelodge!	Stayed here 1 night in July 2009 to attend an event at Earls Court.Travelodges can be very hit or miss but I found this one to be a hit. Everything was spotlessly clean and the lady at reception was very polite and welcoming.Yes there is a bit of pub noise during the night as this Travelodge is located on a busy street but thier website does inform you of this before you book. Plus, it's common sense that a hotel on a street full of pubs will have noise so there's no point in compaining.If you need a quick brekkie then McDonalds is 1 door away and there are numerous grocery shops if you need some food or other items.Earls Court and West Brompton tube stations are just a few minutes walk away.	
Jul 13 2009 	Basic hotel but clean and new	We arrived early (around noon) and had to pay £10 to check in early, as normal check in time is 3pm. The hotel is located on the North End Road close to Fulham Broadway underground station. The hotel doesn't have a breakfast option, but there are plenty of cafés in the area. The hotel is right next to a pub and McDonald's. KFC is also close to the hotel. Fulham Broadway underground is about 5 minutes walk away. Whilst West Brompton tube were about 7 min walk from the hotel. The rooms were clean, although the towels were a bit stained. We also had to ask for more towels in the reception three nights in a row, as we only got one set of towels after service. Rooms are also equipped with a small sized flat screen tv and a desk. Bathroom was small but the shower was really good. Hairdryer can be borrowed from the reception. The windows can't be opened more than a few inches, but not a big problem really. There are a bit of noise from the street, so light sleepers could have some issue with this. All in all a good experience, and this hotel is excellent if you want to stay close to Stamford Bridge / Chelsea FC on matchdays.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice Travelodge	Stayed for two days in Fulhams new Travelodge in July 2009 and found it to be typical travelodge basic but clean and cheap.Rooms have TV,shower &amp; tea/coffee making facilities but little room to put your clothes but they are quiet and dark giving you a chance of a good nights sleep.There are vending machines in reception for cold drinks &amp; snacks as well as shampoo,toothpaste and anything else that you may have forgotten.The location is good as it is situated around lots of shops,pubs and places to eat and a short walk to the underground station (District line).	
Jul 2 2009 	Awful for a brand new hotel.	I was very disappointed with this hotel. I thought that it being a brand new TravelLodge it would of been perfect. However it was not the case. We stayed for 3 nights and did not get a decent night's sleep at all. The rooms were like an oven with no air conditioning and the window only opened less than 3 inches.The girls on reception are very poor, not very welcoming and was going to charge us £10 for being half an hour early, as you can only check in at 3.When we came to checkout we told her about our experience and she said &quot;yeah everyone complains&quot; and that they have only 8 portable fans..I will never stay in a TravelLodge again, no matter of the price. My advice is to stay away from this hotel and to spend a little bit more.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great find if you need to be in the West London area	We found a great deal for this new Travelodge via the TL homepage. Since the Hotel had been marked as new and we did not find any reviews in Tripadvisor we decided to &quot;risk&quot; it.We have not been disappointed. The Hotel is in North End Road and it is housed in a newly build extension to an existing property (from what i can tell). Next door to McDonalds and Iceland. North End Road has a busy market on weekdays. Tube station is Fulham Broadway. About 10 Min walk. (2nd choice West Kensington about 10-15min). The Hotel does not offer proper Breakfast but there are plenty of eateries in the area. As any TL property the rooms and facilities are basic. Flat screen TV, Coffeemaker, Shower in the bath. Rooms are clean and still have the new feel (and smell) to them. Beds where comfortable. Be aware that you can not deposit your luggage in the Hotel.	
