Nov 19 2009 	Maybe the best you can get at this price	If you're looking for budget accommodation, then I definitely recommend Enrico. Yes, the rooms are very small and there isn't an elevator but it's clean, the staff is very friendly and the location is excellent - just a 5 minutes-walk from Victoria Station and about 15 minutes by foot from the Buckingham Palace!	
Oct 30 2009 	u get what u pay	The hotel is located in one of the nicest and well connected area of the city and it's obviously cheap but there are some basic things they could change making the service better without asking more!The wifi coverage sucks, it's pretty good only in the common/breakfast room but they usuallyclose it at 9pm!!!!!!!! and as u know in London it's pretty rare to find a free wifi zone so it can be really unpleasant if u decide to spend the whole day outside and wanna check the emails just at the end of the day!The rooms are not that bad, really small but if u pretend something more in London u have just to pay, but Id say: why the carpet? it smells bad and it's sooo dusty, unrecommended for asthmatic people! The toilet service is not available on every floor and usually they tend to locate smaller rooms where there aren'tthe breakfast is quite nice, with a sunny girl that tries daily to make bright an atmosphere that is not like that at alland finally to make perfect our check out they asked ONE POUND to leave there our luggage for some hours waiting for the bus departure that is something usually hotels make for free almost everywhere!!!If u wanna spend few money and u not gonna stay there for too much is the right place, otherwise look for something else!	
Oct 17 2009 	Excellent location.	The best asset of this resort is its location, a short stroll to Victoria Station, and from there you can reach any corner in London using the public transport.The hotel is obviously old, and dont expect much from the rooms, but for the price you pay is not that bad. I particularly didn't like the english breakfast they offer. If I ever come back, I would have a proper full english breakfats at any place in the neighbourhood for a small amount of money.Bed and toilette tiny. didnt like the small detail of being charged £1 on the last day to keep our suitcase for a couple of hours, as I had spent all my cash by that time they used my credit card to charge it with a £3 charge in exchange comission, rather than just ignoring the £1 charge!	
Aug 2 2009 	Good hotel with good English breakfast	We stayed at Enrico Hotel for 4 nights. We had small double room upstairs with tv. Yes its true - the room are small but we were satisfied. The sink is in the room, but the toilet and shavers are in the corridor. The breakfast is included and it is fantastic. You can choice between English breakfast and Continental. English breakfast is egg, beans, bacon, toast, jam, coffee or tea. Continental I think was cereals, juice, .... And the staff was incredible. I think there is one Bulgarian girl she is the most polite person I have meet. Also the location of the hotel is very good. Round 700 meters from Victoria station... I would recomend this hotel - becouse of very good breakfast and nice staff.	
Jul 29 2009 	Stay away!	I booked a foom for three. It turned out to be so tiny that beds barely fit in there. The worst thing we learned at 6:30 in the morning, when it turned out that our window looks straight into the kitchen window and we were woken up by loud voices and noise. I foung a much better room for the same price around the corner at Edward House Hotel. Oh, and they tried to charge me for additional nights I did not stay there - I had to dispute the charges.	
Jul 28 2009 	Do not recommend booking this hotel.	I was traveling with my husband and son. The room we got had hardly enough space for the 3 beds. There was no space at all to fit our luggage and we could hardly squeeze between the beds. We were offered to put our suitcases into the storage. But we needed our clothes and there were no draws or shelves to keep our belongings. The room was in the basement with a small window. At 6:30 we were awaken by loud voices and the noise from dishes coming from the kitchen, which window was right across from ours. There was an unpleasant smell there as well probably coming from kitchen disposal. We moved out the same morning, we could not bear to stand for another night there. We explained to the hotel owner/manager that these accommodations are not suitable. Despite of that, they charged us for the second night.	
Jul 8 2009 	It`s not worth the money	The rooms are terribly small with no place for the luggage and keeping things during the stay. The bathroom gives a feeling of beeing on &quot;camping&quot; and not worth paying the rent they ask for. We stayed at Luna and Simone hotel earlier this year for the same price and they was realy another cathegory! We asked to be moved to antoher room but that was not possible. There was trafficnoise all night (and day), + noise from the underground. Better paing on a hostel then this hotel!	
Dec 26 2008	Cheap hotel with good service	A cozy hotel near the inner city. Friendly staff. Central heating.We didn´t have our own bathroom but to me that didn´t matter since I didn´t have to wait on my turn one single time.	
Nov 7 2008 	Value-does exactly what it says on the tin!	We initially booked a four night stay in the Dover hotel, but when we turned up the news was broken to us that the agency we booked with had taken too many reservations for the number of rooms available, so we were moved to the Enrico that was just around the corner on Warwick Way. After our initial anger and disappointment, we were dreading the prospect of spending almost a whole week in a hotel we knew nothing about. However, once we got there we were put at ease by the warm welcome (initially from a voice that was shouting up to us from the lower floor, which was quite entertaining!). We were shown to our room-the same basic one that I'd booked with the Dover, but as a bonus we had the option of an English or continental breakfast, rather than just the continental that we would have recieved from the Dover. The basic room was very clean, warm, with a portable t.v and a private sink which was really handy! The shared bathroom (we had a choice of two showers) did the job despite the tempremental fixing on one of them, but they were always clean and hot. The breakfast was served by pleasent staff, and as much toast that you desired was on offer. However, don't expect an English breakfast with all the trimmings;no sausages with this one I'm afraid!! The location is excellent, with two underground stations (Pimlico and Victoria) within about a three minute walking distance. I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends. So over all a jolly nice time!	
Sep 1 2008 	Very Very Small	We booked online and verified by telephone a triple room. Upon arrival found a triple room unavailable. The room were TINY...not just small but TINY. Noisy guests arrived at about 11:30 p.m. and the sound of the partying went on until 4 a.m. - no lifts, no anything... and a very long walk from Victoria Stn. There were other hotels much closer for the same amount of money. Wouldn't recommend staying there unless you're very young and don't care about sleeping.	
May 28 2008 	Verry BAD Choice	Me and my wife have found out about this so called Enrico Hotel , which in my own opinion should be a Motel, from the hotel's own site. Of course on the web all photos ware nice and the rooms looked big and tidy...well, guess what? THIS IS TOTALLY FALSE ! Having said that, I think of the two stars they pretend they have NONE is more than enough! Will start with the Reception where, not to be racist, you will be greeted by someone who can hardly speak English and you will have a real problem making your self understood. The Rooms will be a SHOK !!! Its like entering in an ORFANAGE !!! Small rooms with grey dirty walls, spots here and there, just horrible to look at ! The Bathrooms are again something you will experience for the first time in your life, they are so tiny you can't even fit two people in there properly. The Furniture is a plane JOKE, everything just falls apart, what ever you touch just brakes or it was broken before and it is there just for decorative purpose, you will find that even the BEDS are so old and used that you will sink in them like in a hammock. The Breakfast as you would imagine is not a very elaborated one but luckily for us we are not that fussy. You can choose between CONTINENTAL (milk and cereals) and ENGLISH (fried bacon and eggs). Funny thing was that we found out the COOK is also the HOUSEKEEPER.....hilarious !!! Overall a very, very UNIQUE experience but one that we would definitely not REPEAT !!! Jeff &amp; Sarrah	
May 7 2008	Same as it ever was...	I have stayed at the Enrico at least a dozen times over the past twenty years. Although they have had a bit of sawdust in the air the last year or so, they seem to be the same welcoming bargain. Perhaps my standards are low but I have never had anything stolen, never had food poisoning, felt ripped off, or unsafe coming home at night. On the plus side I've left my gear for a bit while I ventured elsewhere (it's expensive to use the left luggage at the train stations) been helped out with taxi info to the airport that saved us time and trouble...and I was welcomed back even though I accidentally took the hotel key with me. This is basic, clean, somewhat threadbare housing. But do try and avoid a room on the top floor. You'll need a Sherpa and an oxygen cylinder to make the climb.	
Feb 29 2008 	Avoid avoid avoid	Booked here via there website &amp; got confirmation. When I got there they 'couldn't find it'. And advised me they were full. So after complaining they offered me a room without ensuite (i booked one with) when I declined, they somehow found a room with ensuite. I tentatively accepted, yet found a room in another hotel. I advised them of such and suddenly my reservation was found &amp; they tried to charge me for cancelling a room they 'misplaced' the booking. Too much hassle.	
Jan 7 2008 	Safe	We stayed one night in late October, chose this hotel because we could afford it, and it was close to the Victoria theatre, and we wanted to get there for 7am to queue up for day seats.There were two of us girls, both students. We arrived at 1pm to be told that check in was now at 2pm, (even though it said 1pm on our reservation) but it wasnt such a problem as we were allowed to leave our bags in the dining room.When checking in there is a £10 deposit for a key, i wasnt sure about handing in £10 but it was retur ned safely to me the next morningThe room was small and the walls sloped inwards strangely. Pillows were paper thin, bring ur own, i slept using a coat.But the linen was clean and so was the room. The toilet is tiny but clean.We didnt stay for breakfast because we were out at 7am. But there was someone there in the morning when we checked out.The hotel is very central, we wandered for half an hour and ended up (accidentally) at Buckingham palace. It is about 10 m ins walk from the Victoria stations and shopping centre.Overal... small but clean, not luxurious but better than sleeping in a tent!We paid £57 for the night, one twin room. I suppose its pretty good for london, was the cheapest we could find and for the location, it was comfortable. And we felt safe.See the pictures, there was a stain in the carpet... didnt think about what it could have been, but it was behaind the door.	
Nov 16 2007 	You get what you paid for	Hotel have a good location eventhought it is 6 block from Victoria Station (Underground and Train).-The hotel need upgrading and stairs and very narrow.-Staff was very friendly and helpful. -Wi-Fi for free all over the hotel.-Basic Room Service 24 hours.My bedroom:I booked a double room. It was not big at all but badroom was quite new and look very nice eventhough it had a small size.It is not new that hotel prices in London are too high in comparison to quality and this is just one more case.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good service and excellent locatoin	The location is excellent and only five minutes away from victoria station, and with 2 supermarkets nearby.The service was nice. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly for providing and checking relevant information for me.Although the hotel is a bit smaller than I expected, but with the reasonable price of B&amp;B in london, i am satisfied. And also the towels, bedsheets and facilities in the room are clean and tidy.	
Nov 6 2007 	Dirty 	Enrico Hotel was much less than I expected: We stayed Nov 1,2 &amp; 3 of 2007.For the price I wasnt expecting much, but the &quot;basics&quot; were not acomplished. Location is very good (thats about it); facilities are old and not very well kept, bathrooms have leaks from the roof, sink in bedroom also leaked and made that annoying noise that wont let you go to sleep; Small room, (that was OK,we didn´t need more than that). The problem was when I woke up next morning and found a bed bug!!!. It was crawling around my wife´s pijamas , so I took it and killed it without letting her know, she would have gone crazy. I told the girl in the front desk, and with a very nice attitude told me there was nothing she could do,they had no other rooms available: &quot; it´s the first time somebody complains about bugs&quot; she said(this was around midnight, when we got back from touring). So I had to take that as an apology. That night I slept very little, woke up 1 hr before my wakeup call and saw several bugs crawling on the sheets. I was discusted when I pressed them and all our blood poped out. We got ready to check out a lot earlier tahn planned, we just wanted to get out of there. I caught a bedbug in a glass and took it to the front desk, she thanked me...that was It.After 4 days Í can´t stop scratching the bites, I´m itching all over. I hope this comment helps somebody else from going what we went through...	
Oct 8 2007	Not good	Booked through 'Last Minute' and paid £25 extra for an 'en-suite'. This was basically a tiny shower cubicle with a toilet in it. I have not seen anything so small and impractical since a (particularly disasterous) boating holiday 5 years ago.I had to drag my case down some tiny stairs to check in where I was in turn told I couldn't check in without a passport (I'm from Wigan!), without ID and when they eventually accepted my 'last minute.com' booking reference they said I hadn't paid (I had). After a long time sorting I eventualy dragged my case up 4 flights of stairs as there was no lift.I can't comment on the breakfast- didn't fancy putting anything in my mouth that came from the same hotel that offered me a tv with no remote control or option to turn the volume up/down or change the channel- all the manual buttons on the set had been broken.The location is ok, but the service and facilities would mean I would never go back again, and would definitely advise against anyone else staying there.	
Sep 26 2007 	Small but cheap and clean. Great little hotel for economical travelers	My wife and I had a pleasant 3-night stay here in June 2007. Our room was on ground level with a bathroom (ensuite, otherwise you're using a clean shared bathroom). I was able to access the hotels wi-fi from the room. Rooms are very small, just big enough for the bed and a small desk, and tiny bathroom. Stairway is also very narrow. Standard english breaksfast was a good way to start the day. It met our expectations and we would recommend staying there for the price, just be aware of what you're getting. If you're just looking for a small, clean, cheap room with easy access to London's attractions, this place is perfect. Location is fantastic, just a few blocks from Victoria Station, easy access to the Gatwick Express and the Tube.	
Sep 24 2007 	Decent but Small !	Rooms were clean but very very small .Got a twin ( bunk bed). Food and service was nice. Room was clean and sheets were clean.No elevatorsClean Bathrooms and ToiletAwesome location for touristsDecent Breakfast. I would stay here if I was single ..	
Sep 13 2007 	Mediocre Hotel Walking Distance from Station	The hotel was about a 15+ minute walk, which can be tedious with lots of baggage. It's in a quiet and, what appeared to be, safe area and there's a local bar on the corner where you can grab some traditional food and beer. The rooms were small and most do not have en suite bathrooms, but a shared bathroom on the hall. It wasn't as much of an inconvenience as I thought it would be and I rarely saw anyone else in the hallway. There also was no A/C, which probably isn't such a big deal in London, but we had an unusually warm few days and would have slept a little better if we had the luxury. The biggest downside was the lack of an elevator and up to 5 flights of stairs to conquer. The staff was friendly enough, but some spoke rough English. There's also a breakfast included, but it's not impressive at all. Your choice is English (over-easy egg and beans) or Continental (cornflakes and OJ). There's a computer with internet in the breakfast room that's available 24 hrs/day for a nominal fee. It was one of the cheapest we could find for the time of year and the location and it's not too bad if you're not spending much time at the hotel.	
May 22 2007 	good location friendly staff!	I stayed here one night on April 25, 2007.My first time in England, and my first night of my first stay in London.The hotel is pretty close to Victoria station. I was carrying my heavy suitcase, so it was about 10-12 minute walk to get to the hotel.The room I stayed was small but comfortable, the staff were very friendly and polite. Shared toilet and shower were very clean. Beds and towels were very clean, too. The carpet of my room was wet (I don't know why), but it didn't bother much.There are some shops, places to eat, a supermarket, I found it very convenient.: ) Lovely place to stay.	
May 12 2007 	Meet the expectations	I stayed 2 nights at Enrico Hotel. Nice and clean room, good breakfast and pleasant staff. Having in consideration the rates and the hotel´s location, I vividly recommend.	
Jan 16 2007 	If You're Into Basic	If you're into 'basic' then this hotel is the place for you! The room I was allocated on the first floor (on the front) was extremely noisey at night, and with a bed as comfortable as concrete, sleep was difficult to say the least. Ok it's close to Victoria Rail, and Victoria Coach Station, and therefore Heathrow and Gatwick Airports, but it's in dire need of freshening up. Arrived in my room to find a bra under the bed (need I say more). Value for money, but not a place I would return to.	
Dec 16 2006 	Nice and convenient	Clean but small. Can hear next-door people so clearly. Too high up to climb to my room. Very good location but i think 55 quid for such a twin -room is a bit on the high side. 45 quids should be about okay.	
Oct 22 2006 	Fine Basic Place	I stayed one night at the Enrico Hotel. It was clean and the staff was pleasant. I got the dreaded basement room, but it was not too noisy. They gave me the WEP code for free Internet access which was very useful since my mobile phone didn't work in the basement room. I didn't try the breakfast, but they have a pleasant breakfast room.	
Aug 15 2006 	Basic but safe Enrico	We booked and paid 2 twin rooms via needahotel(--) for 5th and 8th July at the Enrico. Arrived late at night, were given one small double and one room with a very shaky bunk bed. Next day we were advised that the bunk bed rooms are their twin rooms, the double was given to us because there were no more twins available.The rooms were not very clean and the street noise was very disturbing. The showers and toilets were kept very clean, though, and the English breakfast OK. Location is excellent and there's an ATM in the hallway. For the price it's a good choice if you're only looking for a centrally located place to sleep and have ear plugs.	
Jul 31 2006 	Kept me happy	We stayed there 6 nights in a double bed room in the middle of a heat wave. The ceiling fan in our room was greatly appreciated and made the room over all very pleasent. Our room was on the second floor and faced the main road. With the window open and the fan on full blast, we were never bothered by the noise.We only had the breakfast once. It's food is about the only positive thing you can say about it. Not worth forcing yourself to be up for and it's not a big deal if you miss it.The bathrooms were satisfactory. Nothing to right home about, but clean enough and I never really had to wait for anything. The stairs are pretty steep and a bit treachourous when walking in wet flip-flops, but that's a minor complaint. It was nice having the sink in the room making trips to the common restrooms less necessary.The room was pretty small. The door wouldn't fully swing open because it ran into the bed. It was a bit frustrating to get at our luggage with so little floor space, but this is in line with the price.There was a TV in our room. It only got broadcast TV, but that was enough to get basic news and a weather report. One nice thing was that they have free wireless internet. The only problem with that was you could only really get signal in their dining room. It was a pain at night when the dining room was closed and we had to sit in the hall outside it to use the Internet, but it didn't bother me that much.Overall, considering how little (relatively) we paid to stay their 6 nights, I was very happy with the hotel. Even providing us with a fan the one day we stayed in for a bit in order to beat the heat.	
Jul 9 2006	Extremely noisy run down but great location.	I stayed here for 5 nights in july 2006. I was furious by the level of noise some nights, the walls are so thin you can hear people moving and banging around you, and my top window was broken, leaving it unable to shut, therefore hearing any loud noise from outside could not be avoided.I fthey try and offer you room 201 or 202 DO NOTACCEPT, i got 201 and it was the basement room right next to both the kitchen and reception area, meaning any work in the kitchen was clearly heard which is infuriating at 5am, and also people coming and going at reception was right outside your door, again anger enducing.Room was small, but clean, telly didnt work properly, the shared bathrooms although average in cleanliness were broken during my stay, out of the 2 available showers,1 was broken the whole time, and the other got a blocked drain on my last night.Breakfast was poor, it says full English, when in fact id call it a falklands island breakfast, as in small and cold, a few beans, one fried egg and one rasher of bacon, toast and thats it.some of the plus points are the staff, they were always helpful and gracious, the majority were asain/japanese and always were polite and eager to please.internet is available 24hrs a day, for 99p for half an hour which is handy to research where you are going that day or things to do etc.Location, biggest plus point of the hotel, wonderfully placed in London, just about a miles walk from buckingham palace, and 5 mins from victoria coach station, 10 mins to victoria train and tube.Overall below average, id stay short term to see if you can put up with the noise and if the hotel suits you, and if so, book for longer.	
May 30 2006	not clean! beds ok	We where in a room out of the main building, an awful bathroom: dirty and very old furnished; a dirty small twin room (we found underwear left by previous visitor!!). Beds are comfortable and linen looked fine.	
Apr 8 2006	Great Bargain!	The location is perfect. As a solo-traveling female, I felt very safe at all times during the five minute walk to Victoria Station. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. My room, the shared toilet and shower were all VERY clean. The rooms are rather small, but manageable. For breakfast, the choice is continental or traditional. Continental = corn flakes and toast; Traditional = beans, an egg, and ham; fruit would have been nice to have. There's no elevator, so be prepared for extensive stairclimbing! I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Great location!	Definitely an above average experience for the price and location. The service was great, except when we first arrived late at night we had to ring several times before we were let in. The English breakfast was really yummy. My fiance and I still crave the ham/bacon they served. There was no bathroom in our room but we never had to wait to get into the communal bathroom/shower. The room was extremely small but clean. My biggest complaint was the thin walls. We were awoken in the middle of the night by a very LOUD couple next door if you know what I mean. I am an extremely heavy sleeper and that woke me up so that's pretty bad. The location was wonderful; I couldn't ask for more in that regard! I always felt very safe in the area.	
Oct 26 2005	A pity	For years and years I stayed at the Enrico Hotel.Suddenly, the ownership had changed and the new owners... well, it was a great disappointment! to say the least... Dirty +++, no service at all, a minimal continental breafast...But... things are shaping up, because this year in August I happened to walk by and lo and behold: the exterior had been given a fresh coat of paint!So next time, I'll go back and give it a try again.And who knows...	
May 19 2005	Not so bad	My family has recently returned from a 6 night stay at the Enrico Hotel. We had 2 rooms, a quad with a shower and a triple en suite. Though both rooms were very small the beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The shared bathrooms and showers were extremely clean as well. The included breakfast was okay-it couldn't have been too bad my kids ate it! And even better the Victoria station was about a ten minute walk away from the hotel. For the price we got a pretty good deal.	
Aug 31 2004	I'd stay there anytime!	Great location, price, friendly staff. A very short walk to Victoria station. Comfortable beds....an older hotel, but clean and such a safe locale (ideal for women traveling alone too). Our family of 3 was very pleased. Close to grocery stores, restaurants. The staff did a super job answering questions. Hey....why pay more - it's basic accomodations - but a comfy mattress sure beats a fancy hotel lobby!	
Jun 4 2004	Make a better choice!	My family and I stayed at the Enrico for one night--The staff was friendly but the hotel is in poor condition--the carpet had holes worn through it and the window on the second floor landing was broken completely out, leaving it wide open all night--our room was very small and our beds had no top sheets on them--they also double charged our credit card for the stay. I would not stay there again.	
Sep 8 2003	Lovely hotel	Clear room and very friendly and nice staff. Located at central London. very convenience. I like it very much,As pay less and get more than expect. Very good. Just book it and enjoy it.	
Aug 24 2003	Bargain 	Its reasonable price, clean friendly staff, breakfast can be improve but generally its a nice traditional hotel in the heart of London, walking distance from Buckingham Palace, hyde Park and Big Ben.	
May 25 2003	Do not book this hotel if you don't like dirt	We have stayed at this hotel several times since reading about it in 1996. Unfortunately, it has fallen upon hard times. We were shocked at the condition of the rooms--dirty; the lack of consistent hot water; and the disappearance of the full English breakfast. This hotel is not a bargain. Look elsewhere unless you do not care about basic amenities.	
May 25 2003	pulizia ottima ma poco spazio		
Nov 10 2009 	Ottimo per un w-e a londra!!		
Oct 14 2009 	Muy familiar		
Jul 21 2009 	Repetiria		
Jun 17 2009 	Praticamente un camper gentilissimi però.		
Mar 11 2009 	Ottima posizione ottimo personale centralissimo		
Jan 20 2009 	centralissimo economico ma c'è di meglio allo stesso prezzo!		
Oct 31 2008	Prima!!!		
Oct 28 2008	Sehr klein aber günstig und gut gelegen		
Oct 26 2008 	Stanza piccola ma posizione fantastica		
Oct 19 2008	Ci siano trovati bene!!!!!		
Sep 15 2008 	Molto buono		
Jul 29 2008 	A me piace da sempre Enrico		
Apr 2 2008 	..un buon hotel.. nel centro di Londra		
Feb 25 2008 	Hotel veramente carino		
Nov 7 2007 	Sin lugar a dudas REPETIRIA		
Oct 17 2007 	Lamentable		
May 14 2007 	Acertamos		
Mar 15 2007	Pequeño pero limpio		
