Sep 23 2009 	Very good traditional hotel	We arrived to be greeted by Nathan the Doorman who gave sound advice about the congestion charge then took our car off to park it promising to return it at 3pm the following day for us to leave for home.Without exception, the staff were courteous, kind and willing. Our English breakfast was as much as we could eat, served promptly by the dining room staff.The bedroom, though not huge and with no view, was very comfortable, scrupulously clean and had everything we wished for.After our trip around Buckingham Palace we returned to The Rubens and had a bar snack. Having ordered what I thought was mushroom soup, it turned out to be a minty pea soup which was not to my taste at all and I was not charged for it. 3 pm came and Nathan had our car on the street for a quick getaway home. Great service, and we shall return.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great charm-----great service!	We stayed at the Rubens for 3 nights in March, 2009.We had an upgraded suite and though it was a little small, it was well appointed with a great bathroom and a good bed. The decor was charming with old English portraits and lots of &quot;kilty&quot; looking fabrics.The service was excellent and they were always willing to help with whatever was needed.The restaurant was pretty good. We had breakfast included each day----which was a pretty decent &quot;English&quot; breakfast buffet with all the trimmings. We also had a dinner included one evening which was also good with beef and yorkshire pudding. Overall, we haven't been impressed with any of the food in the UK---but this was well above average and the service made it even better. The buffet offered choices for you to find something that you like.The location was great and was within walking distance of virtually everything we wanted to see. Being close to public transport and taxis any time is a big win.We would stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Not at all good value for money...	My wife wished to visit Buckingham Palace,hence our reason for staying there - all other hotels in the immediate area were full.Yes..the location of the hotel is excellent - particularly if you wish to visit The Palace.Its closeness to all the buses at Victoria Station is very useful as well.So 100% for that.The attitude of all the staff was consistently good throughout our stay so 100% for that as well.My central complaint is what we received room-wise for £148 per night.A pygmy would have been happy in the room we ended up with it was minuscule !! A complete rip off.With breakfast for two people around £36 we missed that as well and ate M and S croissants in our room instead with coffee.Similarly with afternoon tea...who is happy about paying £4.75 for ONE CUP OF TEA ?? So we went to a cafe round the corner and paid £1.20 instead.So if you are either totally stupid,rich or don't care anyway you will stay at this hotel and get ripped off.If however you are like us - retired - on a fixed income - you will think twice about it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Traditional Hotel right next to the Palace	Went with my family for a weekend in London, the main purpose of the trip was to visit Buckingham Palace. The hotel is literally across the road from the Palace - you can't stay nearer. Hotel is &quot;olde worlde&quot; British - bad decor and small rooms, but in the location it is, that's a sort of charm. Staff are very polite and obliging - they stand our compared to other hotels.Would stay here again if I was in the vicinity	
Jul 25 2009 	If you are looking for the old Empire Stile hotel  then that's the place to stay. Otherwise don't go there	The hotel had his best times during the period of Queen Victoria. And you see it when you enter the place. The rooms are small, even for London conditions. The bathrooms are from the 18th century (I assume). But the Bar and Lounge is GREAT. Barmen ---&gt;super. Atmosphere ---&gt; great.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent Service Great Hotel Fantastic Location and Good Restaurant	I am originally from London, but have spent my life nearly exclusively outside of the UK. I am quite familiar with London in general, but still feel like a bit of a tourist when I return, especially with my American accent.I had been all over the UK many times, but my American wife had not, so we decided to drive from London up the east coast of England, up to Inverness at the top of Scotland, and back down the west coast. Unfortunately we ended up not having time to spend driving down the west coast at a leisurely pace, so I drove straight from Glasgow to London.... not an easy drive.We arrived back in London at about 4am on the subsequent morning and drove around the city looking for a place to stay, not having a chance to plan a place to stay on the abbreviated drive back down to London and not being used to driving in London (am a Tube traveller), I quickly got tired of wandering around the city getting myself lost. During the course of my wanderings, I saw a sign for Victoria Station and figured there had to be a hotel nearby, so we headed that direction. We quickly came across the Rubens, and I wandered in looking admittedly haggard and unwashed. At the desk, reception was very professional but a bit cold. I wanted to check in for a stay through the next night, but they were going to charge me for 2 nights even though it was already almost 5am the next morning at that point. After a bit of haggling, and the emergence of the manager, it came out that they would only charge me for 1 night, but they only room they had was one of the premier suites at about $450/nt. Whether or not this was a ploy to get me to make up the cost of not paying for both nights or to deter me from staying, I have no idea.... I mean, they had a dirty looking American wandering into this very nice, old world and very old school English hotel at 4am complaining about paying for a room, so I don't really blame them whatever the motivation.That is not a price I would normally agree to, but I was tired, it was a fantastic location, and did not have it in me to get lost some more to find someplace cheaper (which would at best maybe save me a hundred or so a night and at that moment, I was more than willing to cough up the $100+ difference for sleep immediately.) I said &quot;ok, that's fine... whatever, I am not worried about the money, just don't want to pay for a nights worth of a stay when it is almost over anyway.&quot; As soon as those words left my mouth, instantly all attitudes changed. Warmth and graciousness abounded, which I noted at the time with slight amusement which only became more amusing the next morning, but I will get to that.My wife and I got up to the room, which was very nice in the old school British sort of way... very, very nice appointments with odd layouts in buildings with narrowish corridors and shorter cielings/doorways. Not cramped in anyway, but decidedly cozy.The building was old and was obviously built without a hotel in mind.As for the room, the bed was fantastic, the sheets were great, the room was luxurious in the traditional British vein of interior decoration... lots of brass, dark woods, mismatched yet complimentary fabrics. The bathroom was very large, but this was one of the &quot;better&quot; suites, so I am not sure what the other rooms look like. At about noon or so when I woke up, I wandered over to the window and flung open the curtain. I peered out the window and discovered a view overlooking the Royal Mews (the stable that furnished the horses for the guards at Buckingham Palace). I picked up the brochure on the table and found out that the hotel was a stones throw to Buckingham Palace, adjacent to Victoria Station (major train and tube hub) and just about as convenient as a location gets in London. Talking to my wife, we decided to stay the subsequent 3 days at the hotel even at the elevated price. It was worth it to reduce the stress of finding somewhere else and for the convenience.I was promptly greeted at the elevator in the lobby by the same manager that had checked us in... with the utmost warmth and respect, and by name no less (which I noted with even more amusement especially considering the events that morning.) I returned the greeting with a smile and being the consummate manager he was, he asked if all our needs were catered to properly and if we wished to extend our stay. When I told him we had decided to stay longer, he quickly made the arrangements (almost gleefully in that sort of professionally reserved English manner.) He even arranged for one of the bellmen to return my rental car for me so that I did not have to mess with London traffic.What ensued was probably one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had.The quiet, respectful, efficient professionalism of the staff is quite amazing. While there, you may not ever notice any of it, but that is the point of the traditional British approach to service. It was amazingly well done. (think Anthony Hopkins in &quot;Remains of the Day.&quot;)The restaurant in the level below the lobby was wonderful as well. Great food, with wonderfully classic English appointments (much like the rest of the hotel.)If you can deal with the cost, I highly recommend this hotel.The location is about a convenient as it gets, the service is perfect (I do mean perfect), the rooms are great, and the restaurant was very good. All in all, a true gem that I hope never abandons its roots in traditional English service.	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic location old-world charm	Fantastic location right next to Buckingham Palace and walking distance to just about everywhere! It exudes old-world charm and is a very comfortable home-away-from-home hotel, a welcome break from large, sterile highrise hotels. Worth paying an upgrade to a King Room and request front of the hotel with a view of the goings on at Buckingham Palace. I recommend high tea with pink champagne but for meals I would highly recommend eating in the restaurant next door called B-Bar where the food was very fresh and delicious and quite unlike normal English food (set up by an Aussie of course). You can also walk round the corner to go and see Billy Elliot (also highly recommended). I took a long but pleasurable walk through the parks to Marble Arch Marks &amp; Spencers with a few Russell &amp; Bromley shoe stops along the way, make sure you have plenty left on your credit card. Another wonderful walk was across the Thames passed Houses of Parliament, back along another bridge to Trafalgar Square, took in a few Impressionists at The National Gallery, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Soho and back through the parks home. I will stay again next year.	
May 26 2009 	Not bad for a base to explore central London	We stayed at the Rubens for one night earlier this year - very near Victoria train station, so the location is excellent. Having found the hotel, check-in went smoothly, and first impressions of the ambiance were that it is a 'nice' and slightly old-fashioned hotel. The rooms are quite nicely presented, and similarly with other hotels in London, are quite small. Beds are comfortable, and the bathroom could have done with a good scrub. Elsewhere, the Lounge and Restaurant are good standard for London, and it in line with expensive London prices for eating out. I recommend the Afternoon Tea (you have to book) - delicious spread and fab for meeting friends and family have travelled down. (N.B. Watch those cheeky tip-seeking staff too - if you don't want to provide a gratuity, check your bill before you pay it!)All in all, for a night's stay and expecting more than a budget hotel, you could do worse than stay at the Rubens. Well positioned, nicely appointed though nothing amazing...	
Mar 21 2009 	To be treated like Royalty stay at The Rubens.	In October ’08 my husband and I visited London for the first time. When we were planning the trip we were looking for accommodations that reflected some of the history of the area and a place that would give us a true feel of London. Our travel agent, who was born and raised in England, suggested The Rubens Hotel. The Rubens proclaims, “no request is too large, no detail too small.” And we truly experienced this in their hospitality and service. We did not feel like silly Americans when we asked the concierge how to hail a cab. Each day we would return to our room after a full day of touring London and there would be fresh canapés for us, which helped to curb our appetites before dinner. The English breakfast was bountiful and exquisite. From the moment we walked into The Rubens we felt like we had a personal relationship with each staff member we met. If you want to be treated like royalty, when in London, stay at The Rubens Hotel.	
Aug 13 2009 	Troppo bello! Nulla da dire!		
