Jul 6 2007 	So embarrassing a hostel would have been nicer	Luckily we were only staying a night!Our room seemed like it had been quickly cleaned, yes it was smelling quite stale, then we noticed we had a lower ground room with a window view of the rubbish bins... they were leaning against our window. This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, in my life! Even dodgy Thailand hotels are far nicer.Oh - the breakfast was stale too.Terrible service, Terrible atmosphere, Terrible food, Awful room.	
Feb 4 2007 	bring your own toliet paper.	First i will start with the postivies, the hotel is clean and in a lovely part of london, hyde park. close to paddington station and kensington park. The hotel is basic but comfortable and would have been an average experience were it not for the incredible rudeness of some of the staff. we were left standing for ten minutes upon check in while she chatted on the phone feet up before shoving the check in form at us and all but slamming the key on the table. This behaviour continued over the two nights. While our room were cleaned each day no toilet paper was replaced. When i asked at the desk for some i was told to check around the hotel in the presses! like a fool i did check and found none so asked again. she snapped at me and told me to get the toliet paper from the ladies toliet on the ground floor! imagine my suprise and to be honest amusement, when i saw another from my party walking back from the shop with toliet paper! the lady on the desk told them there was nothing she could do so they were forced to buy their own!this is just a selection of instances of down right unacceptable behaviour. another friend was refused entry to the hotal after a night out, i had the door slammed on me while walking into the hotel so that i was literally squashed in the door. boy was i glad to check out and say goodbye to some of the rudest people i have ever met. The feeling must have mutual as the lady on reception barked at us for the key and did not even say goodbye. charming. avoid at all costs or bring your own toliet paper.	
Dec 29 2006	No Comfort Here	The room was very small with damp/water stains on the ceiling and cracked peeling wallpaper. The bathroom was dirty. No hot water was available for part of our stay.Only one inferior room was available on request for alternative accomodation.No response has been received to a letter of complaint.	
Oct 31 2006 	Disappointed with the COmfort Inn Hyde Park London	We have just returned from an around the world trip and stayed for 5 nights at the Comfort Inn Hyde Park. The staff were extremely rude from the moment we arrived. The room was small (even by London standards) with twin beds and a small TV.The accommodation was dirty with cobwebs on the walls and ceiling. The towels were threadbare, sheets washed but stained.The room was on a slant, when you were in bed it felt like you would fall out. The bathroom floor creaked and groaned when you entered and the floor in the shower alcove was extremely spongy (as though there were no floor boards under the shower module)Due to the rudeness of the staff we did not have the continental breakfast which was provided in the price and spent all day and half the night out so we did not have to speak with anyone.	
Aug 4 2006 	Fraud In Returning Credit Card Charge After Cancellation	On December 23, 2006 we intended to stay at the Comfort Inn, but our Virgin Atlantic Flight was cancelled because the British Captain, Mr. Harwell, was led off the plane in cuffs after he decided to partake of too much Christmas Cheer before getting in the cockpit of his 747. At any rate, we called to cancel the reservation, were assigned a reservation cancellation number by the Hotel who kept promising a refund. They never provided it. That was out-and-out fraud, and I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOBODY FALL ASLEEP WITH THEIR PINKY IN THE MOUTH OF THE COMFORT INN, HYDE PARK. Disgraceful!And when we called to speak with the American PR Boy, Mr. Weiner, his answer was that Comfort Inn is just a sign and they are independently owned. How convenient! Stay away from this place, unless you enjoy being robbed.	
May 29 2006	comfortable at the Comfort Inn	I stayed in a single room. It was small but adequate. The room was clean, bed comfortable and included tea/coffee. The en suite bathroom was also clean with a bath tub that had hot water! As I was on the 4th floor, I appreciated the elevator - not all London hotels have them. Breakfast was continenal but sufficient. Staff at the reception were OK. It is on a quiet street and a short walk from buses, underground and stores. My only problem was that I had two heavy suitcases. It was not pracgtical to take a bus so I wheeled them to the Lancaster Gate tube station. Any one else in this situation would be better advised to use Bayswater tube station - especially coming from Heathrow. Other that that the location was central, safe and fairly quiet. If you want a de luxe accommodation at North American standards this is not for you but for those who want something inexpensive and clean, I would recommend.	
Sep 17 2005	Good Lord	I know hotels in London are expensive but this was just a horrible place. They didn't have a room in the hotel, so they put us in one of their flats next door. It was even more disgusting then what they call their hotel bar. The sofas had holes, they had plastic floor in the bath room, everything was at least 40 years old. The reception staff seemed rather weird as well. For about 25% more I had a decent hotel in the same area before. W2 is full of them. They should pay you to stay at the CI.	
Sep 13 2005	Can't swing a cat in this Comfort Inn!!	I know in London floor space is at a mimum, and like most things you need to pay for it. However this hotel, the Comfort Inn, just off Craven Hill Gardens near Hyde Park really goes too far (or too small as the case may be) and its not the cheapest! My single room was so small, it was impossible to move from bed to wardrobe etc without banging limbs. The en-suite (cut out of the room shape) was ridiculous. As the room was so small it got incredibly hot, making it difficult to sleep. Any complaints made to hotel staff were handled very poorly, in some cases the staff were just downright rude. So a HUGE thumbs down-this Comfort Inn is not comfortable!	
Aug 26 2005	No problems with Comfort Inn	We just returned from London having spent three nights at the Comfort Inn Hyde Park Hotel. We booked the hotel the day before and got a good price for two double rooms on the second floor. The rooms were clean, comfy, not too big but not that small either. The other room was was a bit smaller than the other. One room had a shower booth and the other had a tub. Both worked well as did the toilet. Bathrooms were of adequate size and clean. Rooms were cleaned everyday and towels were changed. There were tea and coffee making facilities but although the kettle was new it wasn't that clean. TV had 4 channels plus payTV and payPlayStation. The windows could be opened which was nice because otherwise the room would have been humid and warm. There was also a fan and two extra pillows in the closet. The traffic disturbed a little when the windows were open. The continental breakfast had muesli and corn flakes, yoghurt, croissants, buns and cheese and cold cuts, tea/coffee+ juices. It gave as a good start for the day. The staff was friendly (the young people at the desk nicer than the older ones). Our flight left in the evening and we could leave our luggage at the reception for the day, which was lovely. It is a small walk to Bayswater and Lancaster Gate tube stations and otherwise in a good location to see London. You can walk to Oxford street or if you are tired you will find lots of shops and restaurants on Queensway also. All and all we were pleasently surprised by this hotel and would stay there again.	
Apr 6 2005	CONVENIENTLY SITUATED	I stayed here for 4 nights in November 2004. The (bargain) single room was very, very small but o.k. for sleeping. Except for a large stain on the carpet, the room was clean, the bathroom quite nice and clean. You can hear the neighbours, walls and doors are thin. Breakfast was basic, service was friendly. Reception was helpful but not extremely accomodating. The big plus is that the street on which the hotel is located is very quiet and buses and tube stations are nearby. Perfectly sufficient for people travelling on a small budget.	
Apr 3 2005	Small but cheap	We just returned from a week stay at the Comfort Inn Hyde Park. The room was clean, but small. The bathroom was also cramped and had broken tiles. The beds were also uncomfortable. On the good side, the room was clean, and the staff was helpful. And it was cheap. Breakfast each morning consisted of croisants, rolls, juice, ham, cheese, yogurt and cereal. It was fine. If you are looking for a clean, basic inexpensive hotel and do not plan to spend much time in your room, the Comfort Inn Hyde Park is fine. If you are looking for alot of amenities and a large room, stay somewhere else.	
Feb 20 2005	Cheap and worth it	Just returned from a 5 day stay at Comfort Inn Hyde Park. This is a great hotel to stay if you basically need a place to sleep and shower. Arrived on an overnight flight from New York and took the Heathrow express straight to Paddington station. One plus about the Comfort Inn Hyde Park is it's convinient location. It's right on the same street from numerous tube lines tube station and just a 5 minute walk. Plus, there's always people (mainly tourists with their luggages) walking the streets. Hotel desk had my room ready even if I got there an hour early. Since it was a single occupancy must admit the room size was a surprise. It was super small! But then again it was just myself sleeping. The bathroom though was very nice with a somewhat european decor to it. Few negatives: the elevator is slower than a snail. You can spend easily sometimes 5 minutes just waiting for it to hit your floor. Also, while it was peaceful 90 percent of the time the walls are real thin so if you have noisy flatmates beware every slam of their hotel room door will be heard and felt. However, big plus was the breakfast which consisted of fresh bread, cereal, juices, coffee/tea, etc. Excellant way to start the day. All in all, Comfort Inn Hyde Park is a great affordable way to spend one's holiday in London. I wouldn't think twice on booking my next time visiting. Enjoy.	
Sep 7 2004	Deluxe Suite was HUGE	We stayed in one of their deluxe suites (3 bedrooms, 1 bath) and it was very large. The bathroom, in particular, was huge by London standards. I emailed them directly, and got a great rate. Overall it was better than expected, but there were a few negatives. The furniture in the sitting room was quite stained and worn - hard to believe it is up to their corporate standards. (There were actually holes in the fabric.) The floors creaked terribly, and when the guests upstairs walked about late at night (which they did A LOT), it was very noisy for us. The lift was barely big enough for three people, and that's when the housekeeping staff didn't have the vacuum cleaner and a pile of towels stored in there, which wasn't often. Finally, the reception manager is in bad need of basic customer service training, we actually heard &quot;that's not my job, not my problem,&quot; &quot;I'm not paid to...&quot; when we were having difficulty with the washer/dryer in our room. But overall, I think we got a GREAT value there.	
Aug 30 2004	worked out fine.	Yes, it was small, but it was very cozy. This was a nice location and you can't beat it for the price. The staff was friendly and it was a short walk to Paddington and the underground station. Located in a very lovely neighborhood. The only drawback was there was no air conditioning and London can be a little warm in August.	
Jul 20 2004	Oh so small!	We recently returned from a trip to London where we stayed at the Comfort Inn Hyde Park. Rooms don't get much smaller than these! There was barely room for 2 single beds, let alone any luggage. The carpet and furniture were fine (for a low-end hotel chain) and in good condition, but the size made it nearly unbearable. Also the lobby area and lounge were very small. The elevator....I won't even go there! The staff was average at best. As they say, you get what you pay for.	
Jun 8 2004	Acceptable for the great price...	If you are seeking a low-priced place to lay your head in that high-priced city, this hotel is of good value for you. Always clean, friendly staff and excellent location close to Paddington and Heathrow Express. I very much appreciate the possibility to pr-check in at Paddington, so I do not have to carry my luggage until my flight goes. Certainly, the rooms are very small especially in the highest floors, but London's nightlife prevents you from spending too much time inside the room. I go there regularily, always booking via laterooms.com for 45-50 Pounds per night.	
May 22 2004	Great value	Very clean hotel!! The interior in need of updating but you can't beat the price. Great location, short walk to Paddington station, convenience stores and restaurants. Front desk extremely helpful. I woulddefinitely stay there again. (We stayed in their two bedroom flat, not a room).	
Feb 9 2004	Dissappointed	I first stayed at the Comfort Inn - Hyde Park duringmy first trip to London, some years ago. The hotel itself was very nice, small but cozy, the staff was friendly and the service great. Unfortunately, when I saw the size of the bedroom, I was shocked. It was frightfully small! Not all Comfort Inn's are created equal. I was expecting a normal size hotel room, like their US properties.I immediately went downstairs to complain, saying they made a mistake and gave me the wrong room, but much to my dismay they hadn't. So forgetting my American minded values, I put on a very stiff upper lip and made the best of it! All in all, it is very cozy and the breakfast room was very pleasant. I can only recommend this hotel for budget minded travelers, who just want a nice clean place to stay.	
Jan 7 2004	Room Was 6'x12'	I will admit that the US $ is very weak, which leads to very high hotel prices in the UK, but there is no reason why one should have to pay over $100/night for a rundown room that is 6'x12'. The furniture was at least 30 years old..very worn. The bathroom was 3'x3'. I couldn't turn around in the shower. The &quot;single&quot; bed was very tiny. They should be frank about the tiny and very rundown rooms.Okay.. enough of the bad. Here's some good points. Location was great ! Very good base for celebrating the New Year. Restaurants were good/plentiful. I even used the laundry down the street. Paddington station is only a 5 min walk.Bottom line - If you get a very good rate then it's worth the inconeniences. If you pay full price, be prepared for disappointments.	
Nov 6 2003	Good value London accommodation	Stayed at Comfort Inn Hyde Park on business, wining and dining out of town client so location of hotel was great. It's very near lots of good places to eat in the Queensway road. Found excellent rate on website someone recommended *****. Hotel is very clean, staff courteous, I got really good value for money.	
Sep 14 2006	No está mal aunque podría estar mejor		
