Nov 17 2009 	Lovely Clean Hotel in a great location	Myself and my boyfriend have just spent two nights at the Kensingston House Hotel. The location is situated just off of Kensingston High Street, which is great for shopping, restuarants and close to the Park. For the hustle and bustle of London, it is a lovely area and quietly tucked away. We had an the excuitive suite, but on hindsight I think a standard double would of been fine. I believe the suite just has slightly more floor space. High Ceilings made the room seem light and airy, and it was spotlesses clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. My only critiscm would be the breakfast. I was dissapointed with the money that we paid, that we only received a contentional breakfast. I would of expected at least a cooked breakfast for the price of the hotel. All and all though, a lovely stay.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice hotel.	Just got back from kensington house hotel, the hotel was very clean, staff were very polite, friendly and helpful, location is quiet, this hotel is perfect for the Albert hall, it's only 5 minutes walk away and around 5 minutes away from high street kensington tube station, also close to Hyde park, we had a very enjoyable stay, when we go to the Albert hall again we will definetly stay at this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfy Bed; Quiet Street near parks and restaurants; good breakfast; lousy bar	We stayed at the Kensington House in Spring of 2009. It is a boutique type hotel and the guests we met were couples vacationing, business people and adult families. It is within walking distance to a popular shopping area, the park and landmarks - and it is in a nice part of London.I traveled with friends and we had 3 different rooms. One room was in the basement. It had a double bed and single daybed that had very comfortable mattresses. It was one of the larger rooms at the Kensington. However, since it is a basement room - the view is a brick wall with rat traps on the ground. Looking upward you can see the sidewalk, feet and a glimpse of the sky (sounds worse than it was). The room is better for sleeping than lounging.The maids worked early in the AM and the chairs above in the Panther Room restaurant/lounge can be your early morning wake up call. The rooms of our fellow travelers were very small. We had to laugh because one guy had to keep his suitcase in the bathroom because there wasn't any other convenient floor space to place it. On the other hand - he had a decent view of the street.They have a nice breakfast and good coffee. They served drinks at night - but often were out of call liquors - and we had to help make the drinks. Overall though, for a quiet stay, with a clean, nice room ... and if the price is right - I would recommend the Kensington House.	
Sep 5 2009 	Outstanding choice for certain travelers	SUMMARY: 5 stars for us but not for all travelers. Excellent choice if you want to keep the costs down, are normally out all day, and don't want or need a pristine full service hotel, and prefer real neighborhood locations off the beaten path.SPECIAL NOTE: 35 minutes from Heathrow to the Gloucester stop on the Tube. No need to take the expensive Express trains. Gloucester stop is 2 blocks longer walk than the High St-Kensington stop but saves train switching hassle/time when coming from airport.PROS:1) Beautiful neighborhood. Gorgeous walks. Fewer tourists.2) Excellent free breakfast in 2 beautiful sun-draped rooms. Great way to start the day.3) Very quiet side street4) Super value/price ratio5) One block from Hyde Park6) Room 301 had a decent view of the park which was a great way to wake up7) At least one excellent local restaurant: &quot;launceston place&quot;8) Quick Tube to Heathrow9) Free Wifi10) Not sure but it looked like free parking on the street was very doableCONS:1) Very small room, terrible TV, a tiny bit funky.2) Not super close to the Tube, harder to duck in and out several times a day if you need to	
Aug 24 2009 	Very good hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during my August trip to London. I found the location great: next to the tube station, Hyde park, Victoria &amp; Albert museum, Albert hall, Harrods etc. The major London attractions are also within the walking reach.The area is very quiet, but if you're up to some nightlife - it's within an easy access.The stuff was very welcoming and friendly.So, overall, this hotel is very well worth the money!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Super location yet quiet for a great night's sleep	We stayed here for 1 night (pefect for Royal Albert Hall - 5 mins walk) so booked a standard double which was on the 4th (top) floor. Check in was efficient and we received a welcome drink voucher in our welcome letter which was a nice touch. If you are not that mobile I would not recommend this hotel as there is one tiny old lift which only just got the 2 of us in (minus the bags so had to do 2 trips). The room was very clean, light and airy albeit small. Had all you would expect - tea/coffee, iron, proper hairdryer (not those hoover attachment type ones in some chain hotels), also some thoughtful touches like bathrobes, ceiling fan, complimentary mineral water and magazines. The bathroom was also very clean but tiny, if you close the door (which opened outwards) you could hardly move in there, we're not big people but if you are you would seriously struggle to fit in the shower let alone move your arms! Again, clean thick towels and nice toiletries but lacked hair conditioner and vanity kit so bring your own. The bed was very comfortable and the room was surprisingly quiet for it's location, couldn't hear the buses/traffic even with the window open.Breakfast is served in the Tiger Bar which was is included in the rate (continental) but you can pay for hot items which included English breakfast, smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, waffles with bacon and syrup - all reasonably priced compared to chain hotels. The help yourself continental included fruit juices, cereals, fruit, yogurt, ham and cheeses, Danish pastries, mini croissants and toast with conserves - a good selection which was all very nice. The staff served you tea and coffee. The bar is small with only about 15 tables so can be very crowded with a long wait at the toaster. If you can't be bothered to roll out of bed you can order continental breakfast as room service with a £2 tray charge.The hotel itself does not have a restaurant but they do room service via 'Deliverance', although we didn't use this (as they stop delivering at 11pm) the menu was extensive (from pizzas to Indian, Thai, Chinese, burgers, salads, desserts and also wines) and very reasonably priced. Delivery from the company is free but the hotel charges a £3 tray charge.The location of the hotel is perfect, just off the main Kensington Road away from the traffic and hustle and bustle, across the road from Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park and 5-10 min walk to High St Ken tube. High St Ken has plenty of restaurants/bars and shops or if you're a bit fitter you can walk down to Knightsbridge (30 mins). All in all an excellent place to stay but if staying longer then I would book a larger executive room.	
Jul 8 2009 	cute clean well located helpful staff - great place	My husband and I were pleased with this hotel. We had an executive double and the space was enough to keep us sane for a week. The room was as pretty as it looked in the site pictures. We were nervous about the bathroom because we had not seen photos of it, but it was even bigger than we expected. Despite, the heatwave, the room stayed a comfortable temperture. Typical of Europe, it was sometimes hard to get the shower temperture just right, but it was actually better here then in other places I've stayed. the shampoo and body lotions were good (though, as is common, there was no hair conditioner)The staff was always helpful and accomdating. Traveling from NY we arrived early in the morning and were leaving late in the afternoon. the hotel was able to get us into our a room earlier than check in time and and we were able to check out a little bit later than check out time. The complimentary breakfast was a nice addition to our stay, as was the included internet access. While the internet access was not always reliable (sometimes we got disconnected), we saved a lot of money by not having to pay for it every day, (which we would have had to pay for at almost all the other hotels we considered)The location is unbeatable. We were there for Wimbledon and it was a quick ride to the stadium. It was also easy to get to all the major sights. There were plenty of reasonably priced restaurants right in the the area. I took a stroll through park (Kensington Gardens) every day, which is just across the street.I would stay here again if I return.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel! Still as good as ever	I used to stay here frequently on business around 4 years ago and am pleased to say that the hotel is as good as ever.I booked on the hotel website so got a good room rate which included continental breakfast. At check in I was also given a voucher for a free cocktail at the bar. The initial room I was given was tiny but the friendly staff changed it for me immediately and I was given a bigger double room. I sat in the bar sipping my cocktail whilst selecting from the vast room service menu which is serviced by a separate company. My food was delivered to my room within 45minutes of ordering and was very good. I had my room window open all night and it was very quiet. Breakfast was very good with a selection of pastries, cereals, cheeses etc and the option of bacon. All in all a great stay and I have booked to go back very soon	
Jun 3 2009 	Really nice hotel - the most comfy beds ever!	My husband booked us in to this hotel for my Birthday in January 2008, he got a special deal through Travel Zoo. We were allocated a room that was not what had been described to us in the offer - before we unpacked we contacted reception who were very apologetic and immediately allocated us new room. Our new room was fantastic, the bed was huge and the most comfy bed that I have ever slept in. That night we went to see Dirty Dancing and the location of the hotel made the travel to the theatre on the tube really easy. returned to the hotel and had late night drinks in the bar - very relaxing. Breakfast was typical 'help yourself' and could easily have turned in to a free- for- all. Spent the next day sight seeing and walking around London which is the most amazing city, location again superb if you like walking. All in a ll a very pleasant stay and would recommend this hotel to any one visiting London - it is expensive though if not through a special deal.	
May 28 2009 	great hotel!	very nice hotel. we traveled to london for 3 nights and stayed in the kensington house. we had a wonderful time and enjoyed the hotel very much. the rooms were a bit small(paris was a lot bigger) but overall clean and comfortable. great located.. only a short walk away from a tube station and plenty of shopping on high street. london has quickly become one of my favorite cities and i can't wait to return! notting hill's porobello market is something not to miss. overall a wonderful experience and i would stay here again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Nice but...	Here are the negatives: I was dissapointed with this hotel. I paid nearly $200 for an &quot;executive double&quot;, a room that was about the size of a closet. The floor sloped and creaked. The carpet was thread bare. The bathroom tiles, window and window lock were broken. The hand held shower head did not work which didn't suprise me as the bath/shower didn't have a shower curtain. My room was on the 4th floor (the top floor) which has a sloping ceiling. In order to get to the other side of the bed I had to duck my head to not hit the ceiling. There was no luggage rack. Since I was there only one night I did not ask that the problems be fixed as it would have required my moving rooms or waiting for maintenance. Then there's the elevator...do NOT trust it. At midnight I was stuck between the 3rd and 4th floors. Just before I started to panic it slowly moved down to the 3rd floor and I got out and walked up to my room. The next morning when I went down to breakfast I walked down, no big deal. It was the walking up that was tough. When i went to check out I left my luggage in my room, walked down the stairs and asked the bellman to get my bags. Normally I would never do that but there was no way I was going to get stuck again or carry my bags down 4 1/2 flights of stairs.The positives: The staff was great (especially the bellman). Everyone was very welcoming and the bellman was very nice and efficient. The bed was comfortable and there was a celing fan. The bedroom window opened which considering how important fresh air is to me it was a great asset to this hotel. The breakfast was good and plentiful and the coffee was great. The hotel location was excellent. It is one block from Hyde Park and Kensington High Street. It's about a 5-7 minute walk to Kensington High Street Station and about 10 minutes to Gloucester Road Station. There are tons of restaurants and shops nearby plus easy access to all of downtown London. Overall: I have to admit, if the price of the hotel was cut by about 50% I would stay there again but would insist that I stay in a room that was better maintained. The staff, location and breakfast were great.	
Feb 27 2009 	Nice rooms - Great Location !	I stayed here for 5 days on business. The hotel is in an excellent area off highst ken and about a 5 minute walk from the Kensington High Street tube. The hotel is one block off the main road so it is quiet and very comfortable. The room was really nice with a nice bathroom and huge windows with a partial view of the park. The staff is lovely and breakfast is very good and included !! Truly an excellent smaller hotel. They have internet and room service as well. Great little hotel !!	
Jan 28 2009 	A little gem	Recently booked the hotel for my mother and 2 of her friends to stay in. Yes the rooms are a little on the small side but thats the only negative. It is excellent value for money given the location...minutes from the tube/bus, an array of shops and restaurants. The rooms are spotlessly with clean sheets &amp; towels daily. The food is v good ...continental breakfast included in the price but a full cooked breakfast is aviailble for just over £7. Amazing value and you can bring friends in to join you for a simlar price. The the staff most helpful.I would have no problem recommending this to family &amp; friends. If I didnt live in London I would happily stay there myself!	
Dec 12 2008 	Tiny Room OK for the Price	I stayed at the Kensington House Hotel for just one night earlier this week. My room was perhaps the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in (#202), although it was adequate. Strengths: good location, quiet street, easy walk to several different Underground lines. The room was clean, the bathroom adequate, the continental breakfast decent. Minuses: the room was tiny, the free wifi was not working upon my arrival (it was working later that evening), the toilet lid was detached, the bathroom would be too small for a large person to even turn around in, the TV was not working.The minuses were not too big a deal---I didn't care about watching TV, the small room was adequate for my size and needs, and they did get the wifi working. I'd stay there again if it was the best price I could get for that range of hotel (app. 100 pounds), but I wouldn't beat a path to its door.	
Nov 10 2008	Nice town house hotel with excellent location	A very nice hotel in Kensington, perfect loacation just off Kensington High Street. The rooms are a bit small, but very delicate and cosy. The staff is very friendly!	
Oct 23 2008 	A Wonderful Place To Call Home in London	The rooms are modern and chic, the staff is super friendly in a wonderfully unobtrusive way, the location is great. This hotel exemplifies what I really love about London - dependable, polite, stylish, elegantly urban. I stayed here twice in one trip (went to Paris for a few days inbetween) and was upgraded the second time. I left something behind in my hotel room and they were nice enough to promptly respond to my email about it and send it overseas to me right away. I visit London often and will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Cozy corner in Kensington	Had booked a single for my first night in London before starting a tour. Was upgraded to a double. Very pleasant top floor corner room. Upon return from tour stayed another 5 nights, this time in a tiny single on the second floor. However, both rooms were very clean and the staff very helpful and friendly. Included continental breakfast was quite adequate but the couple of dinners I ate in were nothing special. Although advertising indicates that Tiger Bay is a lively place in the evening, that was far from the truth.	
Sep 18 2008 	Good value for money	I was in London for a friend's birthday party and the Kensington House Hotel was an excellent location. I chose it based on reviews on the Trip Advisor website. It was good. As noted, the staff are very nice. The breakfasts are great - and included in the room rate. (fresh orange juice, fresh fruit salad, yoghurt, cereal, pastries, rolls (great rolls!) and toast. Choice of coffee - espresso or capucino if you like - and teas. You can order a cooked breakfast for a small (£7) supplement if you like.My room was an Executive Double - £130 plus tax. One window looked out on Kensington Gardens, which was nice. It was small but adequately furnished. The bathroom was also small, but had great fluffy towels and nice soap, shampoo etc. There was a hairdryer available in the wardrobe. There was also a safe. The TV was small and not flat screen, but had a reasonable choice of UK channels. No French or German ones though.It was immaculately clean and nicely &quot;designed&quot;. The only thing I didn't like about the room was the absence of curtains. The &quot;designer&quot; style called for venetian blinds and these let the light in from the street at night. The heating worked well when you needed it - quite amazing for London in September. Many places don't turn on their heating until 1st October! there was also a ceiling fan in case of hot weather.It is not a luxurious place but for a couple of nights it is a nice place to stay.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the High Street Ken tube station, and as noted, very close to Kensington Gardens.	
Aug 29 2008 	Steer clear of the basement!	We have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel absolutely shattered. We were greeted with a cold reception from a foreign lady and directed to our room in the basement. The room was small and dark with bars at the window looking out directly at a wall. It resembled a prison. However, we knew we were not going to be in the room much so we dumped our luggage and headed out.The hotel is in a nice location not far from Kensington High Street for shopping and a nice walk to the Royal Albert Hall and the museums. Also good for Hyde Park, Diana Memorial and Serpentine lake. But it is a good walk to the nearest tube. We had a nine year old with us and she coped but other children may not like the walking.We returned to the hotel after seeing a show and we were shattered. We climbed into bed exhausted but just as we drifted off, &quot;bang&quot; went a nearby door followed by laughing and chattering. Then a humming noise of a fan. Tried to get back to sleep only to be awoken again by heavy footsteps coming down the stairs. More door banging, laughing etc. Finally got to sleep about 2am only to be woken by doors banging and lots of loud chatter at 7.30 am. This also affected my daughter who struggled to get through the day due to lack of sleep. The following night was exactly the same. It was only on departure that we had a look around and discovered the toilets were next door to our room plus the cleaners cupboard. Therefore, people using the bar at night were coming down the stairs to use the toilets with no consideration for occupants and the cleaners likewise.The room was damp, the bathroom had mould in the grouting as it never had a window.There isnt anywhere to do your hair and makeup as the bathroom mirror steams up when you have a shower and doesnt clear. There was a mirror behind the door so you just had to stand there. The lighting was rubbish however.The bed was reasonably comfy, weve had worse.On a plus note, the breakfast was good and the restaurant staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and modern.We would probably not return to the hotel as we didnt have a very good experience. If we did return, we would ask for a room above the basement.Avoid room 105!!	
Aug 5 2008 	This hotel is so nice!	Stayed here for one night Aug '08 and loved it! Not too big to be cold and impersonal, yet you're left alone to do your own thing. The staff there were friendly, courteous and eager-to-please. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and by booking through lastminute.com, we got an executive room ( with terrace) for only £99! Usual rate is approximately £180.	
May 22 2008 	Excellent Find will be back...	Stayed at this hotel on Tuesday night and having had some really bad experiences in London I am now delighted to have found the Kensington House Hotel. I was nervous about it after booking as really cheap hotels in London are usually really really bad but from the second I walked in, the reception staff were very professional and friendly and had me on the way to my room in a matter of minutes. The decor in reception, hallways/lobby/bar is all fresh and I was delighted that my room was equally fresh. It was a tiny room, a single, room 205, but I have to say it was MORE than enough for my stay. The shower room was spotless and new. I could not find a thing to complain about. Everything was thought of, water in the room, information on the history of the building, iron and board in room - it was over all much better than I expected and I am already looking forward to my next monthly trip to London as now I do not have the worry about where I am going to be staying.Breakfast room was in the bar - it was bright, spotless and a good range of things, I am not much of a breakfast person to be honest so was happy with my OJ and coffee and some toast. On leaving again reception were very quick and it was a 5 min walk to the tube station. Great location, great price GREAT hotel.	
May 16 2008	Fantastic value and location	I’ve just come back from a nights stay at the Kensington House Hotel and can honestly say that the hotel was excellent value, perfect location with fantastic staff.The rooms are a nicely decorated, very clean and have all the amenities you need for a short stay. The rooms are a little on the small but this is not unusual in London and are more than adequate for a short break...after all no one goes to London to sit in their hotel room!The hotel is in a great location, a 1 minute walk from Hyde Park, in a nice quite cal -de-saq. I actually slept with my window open all night with no noise problems what so ever! In a way you almost forget you’re in London when you’re in the hotel, everything is so calm!The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. This was a business trip and the travel company that my company had booked with somehow hadn’t prepaid for mine or my colleagues room. The staff were very helpful, sorted out the problem without any drama at all.The hotel offer a continental breakfast included in the price which was really good, with good variety, you can however have a cooked breakfast at a supplement but most people seemed more than happy with the continental.It’s not a big hotel hence no choice of restaurants or bars and no leisure club or pool, but who needs all that when you've got London on your doorstep!The only warning I would give is that the lift is very, very small! Its says a max of 4 persons but me and my colleague with our over night cases where a bit squashed and we are both under a size 10 dress size (US 6)! The stairs are also very narrow and winding too, which may not be great for the elderly.On the whole an excellent value for money hotel and I wouldn’t hesitate to stay there again. I’ve previously stayed in Hilton and Marriott hotels in London and I would definitely pick this hotel over them! I am a PA and maybe wouldn’t book it for my Director but if you’re looking for base to explore London and want great value, great location, clean modern rooms, great staff, the Kensington House Hotel is perfect!	
May 9 2008 	Very disappointing	Below please find the email I sent to Kensington House Hotel after my stay there. They never bothered to send a reply to me.(FYI, the tiny boxroom I stayed in cost £115 for one night - and after I'd explained everything below to the desk manager in the morning, he still charged me £2.35 for the Cafe Latte I'd had. Oh dear.)Dear Madam/dear Sir,I stayed at Kensington House Hotel on the night of 12 April. It was my first stay with you and, on the basis of your website (and, may I add, of your prices) my expectations were set accordingly. The hotel itself, including the Tiger Bar are lovely, as was the welcome I received upon arrival, and also the breakfast was fine. Room no. 208, though obviously very small, had everything I needed and in that respect was fine as well. However, it was beginning to be very tired and was therefore fraying at the edges. The blind would not close completely, which meant that anyone living opposite on a lower floor could look straight into my window. Also the blind had not been properly cleaned in a long time and was dusty. Worst was the bedlinen, which was beyond redemption and was only fit for dustrags. I would be ashamed - mortified, in fact - to put such bedlinen on the bed in my guestroom.First of all, the duvet cover was the wrong size. It was a double size (which meant the side had been so tightly tucked in that it took quite a while to get it loose) and far too short for the actual duvet. Initially I thought that this was why the chambermaid had made the bed so that the duvet only came up to just over the middle of the bed. When, however, I proceeded to loosen the bedlinen from the foot of the bed, it turned out that it had been made that way to hide the fact that the duvet cover was so old and worn out and thin that it had been ripped to bits and torn at the bottom, both on the inside as well as on the outside of the cover.And then, to cap it all, it turned out that the pillows had clearly not had an airing for goodness knows how long, and smelt musty and awful. As it was past midnight and the reception had been empty when I came in, there was no point in complaining. However, if I'd had my car there, I'd have packed up my stuff and driven home to East Sussex. As it was, I'd come up by train and so was forced to stay. I used towels to mask the worst bits, but was glad when I was able to get up at 6.30. I did complain to the gentleman who was at the Reception desk in the morning and so he may very well have already informed you of the above. However, I still wanted to put it in writing to you as well. Yours sincerely,Ms MMH Hogestijn	
Apr 4 2008 	Friendly Hotel	Have just stayed in this Hotel while attending a concert at the Albert Hall. The room was nicely done out and clean with all the required amenities. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and we were pleasantly surprised that even though the room rate was very good value for London, we were also offered a complimentary drink on arrival in their bar.The continental breakfast was varied and the cooked breakfast we ordered arrive hot and nicely presented &amp; didn't cost the earth unlike other London hotels we have stayed at.This is a small hotel which offers a very personal and friendly service in a good location off Kensington High Street close to the Albert Hall &amp; Hyde Park. if you don't want to eat in the hotel bar there are a number of good brasseries and restaurants nearby	
Mar 31 2008 	Classic Comfortable Hotel in Kensington	Kensington House is a great choice based on its location, service and amenities. Keep in mind, this is London -- the typical hotel is going to be more than what you would pay in the US and the rooms are going to be smaller. For someone who is looking for a hotel comparable to a US hotel (you won't find a comparable price) stick with a Hilton or Marriot.The hotel is well located within walking distance of Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens etc. Underground service is available from High Street Kensington station within close proximity via a short walk. From there, the sites of London (Tower of London, Parliament, Buckingham Palace) are a short 15 minute ride via the tube.The hotel is classic victorian with modern touches. The room sizes are typical of London Hotels - smaller than what we are used to in the US -- suitable for 2 people, add a 3rd and you will be very cramped. The service is excellent. After seeing previous reviews regarding problems in the rooms -- I can bet that the problems were never mentioned to hotel personnel as they would have been remedied in a timely manner.Overall, Kensington House is a step up from budget accomodations in London. On the downside to passengers travelling during summer months - there is no a/c available, just ceiling fans.	
Mar 2 2008	Okay but cramped	On the one hand the hotel is very smart and clean, and there's nothing actually wrong with it and it's well located for museums, West End, the parks, etc. The staff were \very helpful. However, we booked an executive double room and were a little surprised and disappointed to find the room was quite small and cramped; for example, there was only one chair and nowhere to store suitcases, etc. The bathroom is a little tired and will shortly be in need of a refit. The is no lounge for residents to sit in, other than the dining room which doubles up as the bar and breakfast room.	
Dec 26 2007 	Excellent choice - amazing value for location.	This hotel exactly fitted the description of what we wanted it for. Good location and excellent value. Location was perfect just round the corner from the shops - quick to Knightsbridge and the West End too. The rooms had everything we needed - except we opted for a twin room and the beds were very narrow - soft though. It was a friendly place and we felt welcome and well looked after. We asked for a room with a view of the park and we got it - top floor - lovely. We had breakfast in bed both mornings - great selection almost too much! Taxis fetched for us when we wanted them and kindly looked after our bags after check in and let us get changed later on in the day even though we'd checked out. Would recommend as a base for a trip to London - think what you can do with the money you save on not staying in a bigger hotel which would probably not be better anyway. Decor good, and very clean.	
Nov 19 2007 	Location beats most of its rivals	Quirky Hotel with superb location in Kensington, a stone throw away from Hyde Park, perfect for the early morning Jog. Competitive pricing vs other Hotels makes it a viable option. Rooms very small and bed could do with a new mattress. All basic amenities one needs are in the rooms. Continental Breakfast is very good and Internet included in the rates, also the Wireless speed is a bit slow.Good value for money no frills accommodation.	
Nov 16 2007 	Lovely Hotel	My husband and I loved this hotel. Our room was a good size. We even had a small couch in our room. The location is amazing. Close to some shopping, a GORGEOUS park, the underground and some fantastic restaurants. The neighbor is also quiet, which meant we got great sleep at night. The staff was extremely helpful and the rooms were very clean. We would suggest this hotel to anyone looking for a nice hotel in a great location.	
Oct 13 2007 	Many problems. Bad experience.	To make a long story short, our 5-night stay was expensive and extremely disappointing. Here are just a few of our complaints:Rooms so small that 2 carryon suitcases barely fit.Tiny lift. Claustrophobics beware! Take the stairs.Two burned-out light bulbs never replaced.Top sheet missing from bed 2 nights in a row. Yuck!Blinds don't close well and provide little privacy.Towels all frayed along the edges.Water leak from ceiling onto carpet creating lingering odd smell.No lobby at all, thus no place to wait for friends.Location too far (about 6-8 blocks) from tube station.Although courteous, some on staff do not speak English clearly.On check-out, the clerk tried to overcharge us by $20.In addition Kensington is too long a trip to many of the tourist sites we wanted to visit. Never again.	
Aug 6 2007 	style over substance	very stylish town house hotel, but I think it depends on which room you stay in. I booked a 2 night stay as I was going to a concert at the Albert Hall and this hotel is a very short walk from there. Also nice and quiet location, just one street back from the main High Street.The first room we were given was fine, but we had to move to another, as there was heavy rainfall that night and the noise from the broken guttering and the sound of the rain drumming on the large bins outside our frosted glass window was not conducive to sleep. The alternative room was fine, however we had to move to another room for the second night as I had booked my 2 night stay as 2 separate nights and for some reason we could not stay where we were. This room was much smaller and the venetian blinds at the window are fixed so they hang away from the window, so let so much light in unless you put a chair or similar against them to push them nearer the window.Breakfast is average continental fare. Most of the staff are very nice,however one of two of the reception staff were slightly cool towards us. Overall a reasonable hotel, but I'm glad I paid less than their advertised rate.	
Jul 24 2007 	Not bad	I have been to London 10 times at least. The hotel that I usually stay at was unavailable for one night so I booked a single at this hotel at the last minute. I was told upfront that the only room avail -- a single at 75 pounds ($150 US) -- was very small. I felt I had no choice since I was leaving for London in 5 hrs. The room (108?) was literally the size of my closet back home. I really had to manuever to fit myself and my 30 inch luggage into the room. Overall, my main criteria is closeness to the tube stop since I use the Underground from Heathrow every time. The hotel is farther away from the station than I am used to. About 8 blocks (I prefer 1 or 2 blocks) but several buses stop nearby and it is near Kensington High St and Notting Hill if that's important to you.Plus for the hotel is the modern decor and cleansiness. Staff was cordial altho I didnt make use of them much. If it was closer to the tube stop or slightly cheaper, I would stay there again but at this distance and price point, I will look elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2007	Urban neighborhood walker	Do you want to get a close feel of being a Londoner living in a typical English urban neighborhood? The Kensington House Hotel certainly offers that and more. The variety and quality of the breads, pastries, fruit salad, jams, and cereals over the included breakfast are refreshing, and all is enjoyed in two fairly cozy rooms with large windows that wash the space with surprisingly abundant natural light one does not typically associate with the grey city.The basic rooms, clean and with fresh and understated cream tones, are packed with amenities but too efficiently and tightly laid out that you should not plan to spend much time to lounge around after a long city walk (especially in the case of a double occupancy no matter how close you are to your spouse or partner). Nevertheless, the top floor rooms have rooftop window views that partially compensate for the crammed space.The staff is extremely professional, helpful, and friendly--the manager not too keen on allowing a switch during mid-stay to a room with a shower curtain bath notwithstanding. And, the location is great given the proximity to Kensington High Street, quick access to public transport, yet situated in a quite neighborhood. The room rate does not sound like a bargain, but for London standards it’s a fairly reasonable deal if you do not mind crashing in a tight room after a long day plowing the streets.	
Apr 16 2007 	Good location Not worth $ but London is expensive	I saw the pictures from TripAdvisor and thought the rooms would look just as nice! There is No airconditiong, just the lobby. And at $270/night it was very reasonable for the time. I got there a day later (missed flight) and was introduced to my room. It was as small as a closet. Mind you, I already prepaid the $270 and now this night's stay was $540! My heart just sank. My first time in London and I stay here. The night I missed, I stayed at a Westin in Charlotte for $120 &amp; it was 5 times it's size! Although it was clean and modern in the inside, I was so disappointed. I guess the manager felt bad and he upgraded me to their suite. Much better, but no AC. Actually, it was one of the rooms in the pictures. The staff was friendly. The location is great. I walked everywhere--Even to Harrods at Knightsbridge! If you don't mind walking, stroll through Kensington gardens &amp; Hyde Park. I later stayed at the Corus on the other side of the park from Kensington House. Less expensive and just as nice. Last hotel I stayed at, Best Western by Corus was AWFUL--I wanted to stay an extra 2 days and Corus was booked. Read that experience!	
Apr 6 2007	A very friendly hotel	This is a very friendly hotel and the staff were kind and courteous, happy to give directions and chat about the London sights. It is around the corner from the bustle of the High Street which has good shops( for women!) and the Kensington Gardens to stroll in. You can easily walk from the hotel to the Portobello Road with its interesting , individual shops and market ,on to Notting Hill, to the Royal Albert Hall or into the city. There are plenty of restaurants round the corner and the lovely Patisserie Valerie.The room was not huge but very clean and there was a shower, but not the bath we had requested. Fans and air-conditioning helped with the warm weather. There were bottles of water in the room and the usual tea tray. A complimentary newspaper was a nice touch as was the free glass of champagne in the bar! Our only real gripe was the very small bowls for cereal at breakfast. We would probably stay here again.	
Mar 4 2007 	not a 4 star hotel!!!! glorified B	the best thing about this hotel is the frontage. it looked really elegant and clean from the outside, esp. next door to a pretty dodgy looking hotel. however, once inside it quickly descended into a disappointing downward spiral.We checked in to the an &quot;executive&quot; double on the 4th floor, and thankfully we had just an overnight bag each. the elevator, which looked more like a dumb waiter than anything fit for guest, was about 3-ft x 3-ft, but weirdly had a max capacity of 4 people. everything was very pokey, once we got out of the lift it was like maneuvering through a tiny labyrinth of bends and turns to get to our door. the room, while clean, was nothing like the single image on website. the bathroom light flickered and the bulb was blown in the main lamp. minor issues but it shows that the room was obviously not checked before guest stayed. a blatant lack of enthusiasm on the hotel's part. we immediately shuffled back into the lift to reception. we decided we'd stay the night since we'd have to pay the night anyway as a cancellation charge. disappointingly, the check in staff couldn't seem to care less. they offered no alternative and swiftly checked us out with no questions. we then foolishly decided to have a drink at the bar. the menu looked good, but the single bartender had no idea how to make either the white russian or the Caribbean cocktail on the menu. unashamedly, she whipped out a cocktail recipe book and seemed to hang on its every word. the white russian complete 10 mins later resembled dishwater, and as for the other cocktail, she announced defeat. bitter and tired we retired for the night. early that morning we called for room service and a very unwilling gentleman took our order. kensington house's only saving grace was its breakfast which was all delicious. so good we even considered slumming out the next 3 days there. we returned to reception think that if we could change rooms we'd be happy to stay, but they still seems nonchalant. so after the poor response, we decided to forget it and left after breakfast.how this can be 4 stars, i haven't a clue!	
Feb 19 2007	Small but adequate	Stayed for a weekend - staff very friendly, single rooms small with a shower, but clean and the courtesy tray included a bottle of water - small but nice touch. Room service fast, would stay again. Only mistake we made was booking a taxi at reception - charged us £10 to The Albert hall only cost £3.50 to get a black cab back. Will walk along to the main street and flag one down next time!	
Jan 9 2007 	Pleasant but uninspiring	A period property located in a side street just off Kensington High Street, the hotel is conveniently located for the Royal Albert Hall (the deciding factor for us as we were visiting London for a performance there), the tube line and shopping in both Kensington and Knightsbridge. First impressions were positive with tasteful yet contemporary decor throughout the common areas. The staff at check-in were competent although not the friendliest I have experienced but this was counter-balanced by the very helpful bar staff and night porter.The only disappointment in our stay was the room; we had deliberately booked an executive room as we expected the standard rooms to be a little on the &quot;compact&quot; side so we were disappointed to find a bedroom &amp; bathroom of such limited proportions. Adequate for a quick stopover but certainly not somewhere that would be comfortable for an extended period or if you expect to spend any time relaxing in your room.	
Jan 3 2007 	Nice hotel.	My husband and I stayed at Kensington House Hotel from December 26 - January 1. Our flight arrived early in the morning, the staff allowed us to check in early, which was very much appreciated after the overnight flight. The hotel is very well located, just a block from Kensington Garden and a couple of minutes walk from the Kensington High Street Tube Station. The room that we were given (303) was very small, but well appointed with a safe, hair dryer, tea &amp; coffee, nice toiletries, huge bath towels, magazines, sparkling &amp; still water. The room was very clean &amp; the bed linens were a good quality. On the downside, the noise level in the room is not well controlled. Not only were we awakened by New Years revelers, but also early (5:00 a.m.) morning ~ pretty much every morning ~ by garbage trucks, tow trucks, or other trucks delivering items to the service entrance for the Thistle Kensington Palace Hotel. Also, the hotel was extremely warm. We ended up leaving our window open during our entire stay. The common areas of the hotel were broiling. We would take our coats off outside before entering the hotel.The continental breakfast was good. I usually ordered off of the menu, which was an additional cost, but I enjoy a cooked breakfast. My husband ate yogurt, fruit, cereal, and toast every day and enjoyed it. They also had a lovely cheese &amp; meat tray ever morning. We did not eat dinner at the hotel, but did get a drink from the bar one night.There was always someone in the reception area to offer restaurant suggestions or give directions. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly &amp; helpful.A word of warning about the elevator: the elevator is quaint, but only about 3 feet by 4 feet! Claustraphobics beware!!!	
Dec 24 2006	Nice Area Bad Hotel	Like other reviews indicate this hotel is located in a very nice area of Kensington. Very near restaurants and bars which are open very late in the evening to accommodate your hunger at anytime. However, absent that; this is a horrible place to stay. Perhaps it was the room we had, but it was not only small (which is fine and expected in Europe) but the shower/bathroom is a joke. Now understanding that this is a former townhome from the 19th century i suppose it was still below what you would expect. I think the hallways were nicer than the rooms. The staff was nice. Anyhow, find a hotel in this area, just not this one and you'll be fine.	
Dec 12 2006 	Good in parts	Several nice touches at this townhouse hotel. Check in is done at a low level desk with chairs and there seemed to be staff around to help with luggage. Clearly quite a lot of thought had gone into the room and the complimentary mineral water and glass of champagne in the bar were nice touches, but the room also had some bad points. There was nowhere to store a suitcase and there were no curtains, just blinds which didn't fully cover the windows - no problem in December, but this would be a nuisance in June. Also there was no air conditioning in room 113 - again no problem in December, but the fact that there were two fans in the room suggests that it would be hot in the summer. As traffic noise was audible with the windows closed, I suspect that opening them in summer would not really be acceptable. Breakfast was a cold buffet with a full english breakfast available at extra charge. More character than the average hotel chain room, but the faults spolit what could have been an exceptional stay. Overall still good though.	
Oct 14 2006 	Quality and Well Priced	Stayed here for 2 nights midweek in October 2006. It is a very old beautiful building with modern amenities.We originally booked a Junior Suite for my sister, niece and I but this was changed due to an extended booking. We were notified in advance and were given a twin with adjoining single with the added bonus of a balcony. Both rooms were modern a with large bathrooms. This was a fantastic upgrade. Breakfast was good quality continental (cooked was available at a small extra charge) ,unhurried and available from 7am to 10am in a stylish informal environment. We did not eat in at night so we cannot comment on quality of food other than breakfastAll staff were friendly and most helpful and happy to store our luggage on check-out day.A 10 minute walk to the nearest tube South Kensington.Our only criticism of the hotel is the ancient lift and excessive heat.	
Sep 27 2006 	Great location	The rooms are small, but are clean. The location is quite quiet considering the hotel is in central London. Having booked 4 star, we were very dissapointed to find that the room and hotel are really not 4 star at all, not terrible by any means, but not what we expected. I would recommend the hotel to others due to its desirable location, but I would not recommend it if you are looking for luxury or finishing touches that you expect for 4 star.	
Aug 21 2006 	A Great Find in Kensington	The Kensington House came recommended to me by a friend in London who lives in the area. The hotel is a great find on a quiet street in this otherwise very busy neighborhood. The staff are friendly, courteous and made an extra effort on my behalf. While my room was on the smallish side, it was clean, well appointed and had everything I needed in a hotel room. I did manage to see that there are good size rooms in the hotel as well. If room size is an issue for you, just check with the staff before you arrive. They will tell you everything you want to know. The quietest rooms are on the backside of the hotel facing West. I especially enjoyed the terrace, great for morning coffee and the paper.The free wireless with a good signal was also a plus and I never saw a long line at check-in or check-out. I don't require a great deal of staff attention from a hotel however when I needed assistance, everyone I spoke to was pleasant and eager to help. I've stayed in many hotels in London and the Kensington House was a nice surprise, especially if you will be spending a good bit of time in this part of London. I look forward to my next stay there.	
Aug 2 2006	Comfortable and Lovely Stay	After much research, we happened upon this hotel. After looking at the hotel web site and several of the reviews on this page we decided to book (stayed from 2-4 July). Meant as a girly break away with mum and sister, we arrived at Kings Cross and made our way by cab to the Hotel ( Approx. £20). Upon arrival we checked in immediately and easily and the porter brought our bags up to our 1st floor room. Once inside we were stunned with our room - what was booked as a family room but I believe is actually a junior suite. The room was very spacious with a double bed, full wardrobes, dresser and make-up table. Just off the main room was a small area with a single bed, lovely and private. The bathroom had a bathtub and overhead shower. And a lovely heated towel rail!! As we arrived right in the midst of a heat wave, I can't emphasise enough how much we appreciated the air conditioning - it was pure luxury returning to the room every evening and being greeted with the lovely cool atomsphere. I booked direct with the hotel - as there were three of us and paid approx £245 for two nights with breakfast. One of the main reasons behind us choosing this hotel was the fact that it seemed to be one of very few &quot;nice&quot; hotels that offered rooms to accomodate 3 people. The hotel is within walking distance to Kensington Palace, the Princess Diana Memorial (absolutely stunning and even better on a warm day), shops and several restaurants.  The night we arrived, I jumped into the shower to cool off only to realize the shower hose had a very bad leak. Keeping it short and sweet, I made a mental note to mention it the following day. The next morning we went down to the bar/restaurant to have breakfast. Mum and sister both ordered the full English (as it was thought to have been included in the price) and I helped myself to the continental. Having gotten ready and headed out right after, we totally forgot to mention the shower and it wasn't until later that evening when we got back in that we were reminded it that it had been leaking - key word - had because by the time we arrived back from a day out sightweeing the whole hose had been replaced and the shower was in tip top shape - Wow!  If I had any gripes at all about the room it would only be the fact that the in room toiletries weren't very nice and we really could have used a small fridge. The room was stocked with water the day we arrived, but obviously wasn't cold with the absence of a fridge. Upon checkout, it was discovered that we had in fact been charged for the 2 English breakfasts. When I queried these on the bill, I was told the continental came with the price but not the full english. I therefore paid, however upon arriving home I found my confirmation from the hotel and it did indeed say that the full english was included. I only wish now that I had taken a copy of my confirmation with me at the time. On our last day we had the hotel book us a cab to the station, the taxi that came did not have a meter and therfore we were careful to agree a price before setting off. We had a few last drinks in the bar and upon departure only just realized that the hotel did in fact have internet access via a shared computer downstairs. Only wish we had know about it sooner. All in all a wonderful stay, wouldn't hesitate to reccomend it to anyone - in fact we all took brochures to pass onto friends and family.	
Feb 23 2006	dont stay here if you want to sleep or have a bath!	I can only assume that the previous reviewers here stayed here more than one night....becuase if you do you get 'given a bigger room with a bath' (as the manager told me this morning). He told me this after saying that 'plenty of people stayed in my room (301) and didn't complain'. I asked how on earth a couple could stay in this room as there wasn't enough room for one suitcase, let alone two. If I HAD been on holiday staying there longer (spending more money!) he informed I would have been given a bigger room becuase he recognised someone on holiday could not use that room. (go figure!) I actually was NOT griping about the smallness room - it was very small, but I was alone, it was very pleasant, and wonderfully clean. My complaint was that I got 4 hours sleep. The hotel windows are victorian, and hence not sealed - so if you want to hear Kensington roar (and it does!) 24/7 - then sure...book here! However if you want to sleep or bathe, or expect ANY customer care stay away.On arriving I was dumbfounded to find my room (dbl £145 for my one night) had no bath! They said they couldn't move me as they had given me the 'last room left'. It would have been nice to hear in advance I wouldn't be able to clean myself in this hotel! Of course I wouldn't have booked it at all as I had just had my hair done for a party that evening, hair-do's and fixed power showers don't mix). I had to stay - as I had only an hour to leave for my party.More sloppy stuff: They welcomed me with someone elses address &amp; personal details (same name as me, obviously a previous guest) with a letter to myself and my husband (i was travelling alone). The room was cold, the breakfast (delivered to my room) was minus a bowl to EAT the cereal, burnt toast, the fruit salad actually brown around the edges, the maid walked right in on me at 8am, my key-card wouldn't work....I can't go on....becuase I'm too tired and need a bath now I'm home!I asked for my money back - and it was not refunded. I'll be writing to their MD. I hate it when you go and invest for a fun night out and you end up coming home feeling like you've been mugged!	
Jan 12 2006	Wonderful London trip with a good hotel	We had a wonderful time in london from Christmas day to New Year eve. A lot of credit goes to the hotel. We stayed at many hotels in Europe before. In Kensington House,the staffs were friendly and helpful, went all the way out to make us feel like home during this festive season. It was built in 2000, and so, it easily makes us feel fresh, modern and comfortable. Booked the hotel from British Airways Holidays site because of a good promo (1 night free for x night stay, ave. 69pd/n). Think the best way to reach hotel from heathrow airport is heathrow express and a taxi from padington (~10pd). The hotel helped us to book a private taxi to airport when we check-out. We were told it cost only 38pd. But the driver charged us 60pd including tips and service charge when we reach airport! Heard of similar story somewhere, suggest to avoid this choice if you want a good ending experience without any feeling of being cheated.Simple and small hotel. Located in a good shopping district, ideal for last minute shopping before catching a flight home. On Christmas day, we didn't know that all tube and bus services were closed. We took a very pleasant walk around hyde park, queenstown, notting hill and kensington area. You could easily cross the road from the hotel to the broadwalk in kensington garden, reach queenstown in about 15min, and you have plenty of good restuarants(Chinese, Labanese, etc), some with very good buffet deals.As for daily commute from the hotel, we feel that the buses are more convenient compare to tube. It's a short walk to Kensington station, but most often you have to change line, and it is quite a crowded walk within most stations to reach another line. That's a tiring experience if you are carrying many bags. Anyway, we like the double-deck bus ride where you can see more of london. And it is quite fast too. The one-day 3pd bus pass will be very useful.BTW, if you book an Evan Evans day tour, there is a complimentry pickup service from Thistle Kensington Palace, just 2min walk away. Ask the hotel for directions and timing.If the price is right, we would go back to Kensington House again next time.	
Nov 11 2005	Good location young staff rooms so-so	We had an overall enjoyable experience at this hotel, but with a few wrinkles.The location was great, just a block from a nice area for restaurants and night-life, decent access to transportation, etc. The price was pretty fair too, for London.I was disappointed somewhat by the staff. While pleasant and helpful, they didn't really seem very knowledgeable about the area or enthusiastic about helping with recommendations. The staff was also very young and the staffing levels very low (its a small hotel) so I miss the convenience you'd get at a larger hotel of an experienced concierge with a bit deeper city knowledge.The rooms were small, as others have warned, but functional. We had a lot of baggage and it definitely was in the way trying to navigate the room. The bed was also just a dobule, whereas we had gotten used to double rooms that typically offered a King or Queen bed in Europe. The bathroom was OK but awkwardly shaped. Continental breakfast was OK by euro standards, but disappointing if you've stayed in other smaller UK hotels. I was looking forward to a nice British breakfast but instead got more of the bread &amp; cereal stuff you get across the channel.I booked the room via ---- where they listed this as a boutique hotel in the same category as the Hempel or the Blake, but this is definitely not a designer / unique hotel, just a tasteful 3- or 4-star offering with some compromises but a decent value.I'd recommend this for someone on a short stay, but not for someone on a longer trip with lots of luggage, or a couple looking for something special or unique.	
Feb 22 2005	Great service location and hotel!	Kensington house hotel was the perfect choice to stay at while in London, especially for the price! The staff was so friendly and accomodating every need or question we had while staying there. They offered their knowledge of the city freely as well. The rooms were well kept and pretty, a lot bigger than expected for a hotel in London. The hotel bar was fun and staff on hand was as well. I truly enjoyed Kensington House and definitely would return to this hotel next time I am in London.	
Feb 3 2005 	Disappointing room good service	I feel bad giving this hotel a poor rating as the staff are so pleasant but the rooms really are 3 star, not 4 star standard. I had an executive double and it was very basic and the decor shabby. You realise that the pictures in the hotel marketing are skillfully lit giving the rooms a pleasant glow of sunlight and hiding flaws. The bathroom plumbing &amp; fan are noisy and in the end I cut my stay short as I found the room so depressing. On the positive side, the included breakfast was good and the bar downstairs pleasant and, as previously mentioned, the staff very helpful. If you want a London townhouse hotel, I would recommend Parkes or Sydney House instead.	
Jan 29 2005	Small but nice!!!	The most friendly &amp; helpful staff in London surely make you forget about the room size which, admittedly, is rather small whatever category you seem to book. The decor is very light &amp; airy and the modern look is underlined by high quality items. The beds are comfortable and everything is clean and polished. The most remarkable feature, however, are the friendly, attentive staff who make you feel welcome and your stay a real pleasure. The hotel is situated in a very respectable area in a nice, quiet side street and just a few steps away from Kensington Park/Kensington Palace. A bus stop helps to shorten the way to the nearby tube station in case you are too weary (or loaded down by luggage) to walk the few minutes. Shops and restaurants are around the corner. One of the best London hotels I have stayed in so far!	
Dec 7 2004	Double rooms far too small!!!	We stayed at the Kensington house for one night on 4th December for a christmas shopping break. The hotel is in an ideal location for visiting local shopping areas eg knightsbridge ,and was very easy to find from the underground station. HOWEVER as a keen traveller i have stayed in many hotels of a four star standard in the past and have never experienced a room as tiny as the one we encountered at the Kensington. You could literally touch both walls as you sat on the bed and the shower was very cramped to the point of claustraphobic.The housekeeping was of a poor standard and the room looked as if it could do with a lick of paint.If you are looking for a good location to travel around the city centre i would choose this hotel but if you are looking for a better standard of hotel at a cheaper price i would choose the London Bridge hotel.	
Nov 2 2004	Small but British	Stayed here for 4 nites Oct 12-16/04. Booked via British Airways Holidays. As everyone says about this Hotel, the rooms are very very small, but we knew to expect this. The location is superb, with just a short walk to Kensington High Street, and lots of great shopping, and good restaurants. (We enjoyed the Goat Tavern). As we stayed in the Fall, I didn't notice if the room was air conditioned or not, but you would need it in the Summer, as you can hear street noise. The staff were very friendly and the Tiger Bar is a great place for a nightcap. This hotel would certainly be my first choice for the next trip to London.	
Oct 23 2004	A wonderful stay	I spent about two weeks at the Kensington House Hotel (Oct 3-16) and, despite having serious family problems that prevented me from enjoying my well-deserved holiday to the full, I really had a most pleasant and relaxing stay in this small but well-appointed London hotel. In the past I've stayed in many different London establishments, from small family-run to big chain hotels, but I found the Kensington House to be my ideal holiday accommodation.As others users have previously said, it is true the rooms are not very big. Although I travelled alone, I had booked a a double executive, which would have been more spacious if the bed had not been so enormous (and very comfortable indeed, with a soft duvet and good-sized pillows). There might have been more room in the wardrobe as well, but I find these really are minor complaints in face of the excellence of the service provided by the hotel staff. The location of the hotel is perfect, just facing Kensington Gardens with its wonderful autumn colours, with shops, restaurants and public transport very close at hand, but at the same time being situated in a quiet side street with hardly any traffic to disturb my sleep. A special mention for the excellent breakfast, served in a light and airy room which later in the day becomes the Tiger Bar. The breakfast goods were among the best I've ever had in London (and elsewhere), with lovely fresh bread and pastries, sugar-free jams and fruit juices and a choice of cheeses and cold cuts as well. All in all, heartily recommended!	
Oct 16 2004	Great little hotel in a wonderful location!	My husband and I stayed at the Kensington House Hotel from September 28, 2004 through October 2, 2004 based on TripAdvisor reviews. It was great! The location was wonderful - right across the park from Kensington Palace, and very close to the tube station which made it incredibly easy to get around and see the sights. We had reserved a double executive room for a good price, so we had a nice sized room with two floor to ceiling windows on the second floor. The decor was really pretty; white duvet and linens with sand accents and a red sofa. There was also a writing desk that doubled as a sort of vanity (it had a mirror above it. Great when you are sharing one bathroom!) Bathroom was very nice sized as well. The staff was really pleasant - very international with people from Germany, Lithuania, Poland, China (and more) who were all very sweet and helpful. We had traveled to London last year and stayed in the Fitzrovia/Bloomsbury area, and although we loved both districts, for those who prefer a quieter neighborhood, this hotel is perfect. Lots of shopping and restaurants nearby as well. Try the Arcadia restaurant around the corner; it is so, so pretty, and reasonably priced!	
Oct 2 2004	Too Small!	I stayed at this hotel September 24th and 25th 2004. The staff was great, the decor quite nice and location good, but the room was way too small. My husband and I literally didn't have enough room to open both of our suitcases at the same time. We had to take turns moving about the room as there wasn't enough space to pass each other. I recommend this hotel for a very short stay, but nothing extended as I think you would develop clautrophobia.	
Sep 18 2004	GREAT PLACE	Nice place, clean, friendly staff, near Kensington Gardens, easy walk to High St Kensington tube station and very close to bus stop. Spent 6 nights there the end of August 2004. Room was very small but did have air conditioning.	
Sep 1 2004	My single room resembled a monk's cell in spatial terms	I stayed in this hotel for two nights in May of this year. Even though I normally travel alone, I usually book executive doubles instead of singles because I like space. Intriguingly, the difference in price between an executive double and a single room in the Kensington House is currently only about £20 sterling. Unfortunately, however, there were no executive rooms available during the dates of my stay in May and I reluctantly booked a single for two nights.My single room resembled a monk's cell in spatial terms. I've stayed in London hotels on about fifty occasions and this room was the smallest I have ever occupied. The bathroom was spacepod-like in size and I found it very difficult to use the shower effectively. Admittedly, I am overweight ; but I would imagine that obese people would find it almost impossible to use the cramped shower.Had I stayed in an executive double, I suspect that my impression of this hotel would have been much more positive. Indeed, the manager of the hotel struck me as being a cultured, highly professional individual and his staff were also very efficient in dealing with the requests I made during the course of my stay. The cost of a continental breakfast was included in my room rate and the fare provided by way of buffet in the hotel restaurant was of a high calibre.So if you're a singleton and you're intending to stay in this hotel, spend the extra £20 sterling necessary to secure yourself an executive double room (especially if you're not the slimmest person in the world !).	
Jul 5 2004 	Great hotel in a gracious location		
Jun 15 2004	Superb Location Helpful Staff Clean Hotel		
May 21 2004	Great Hotel Great Staff		
May 9 2004	Very Nice Experience		
Apr 14 2004	Beware the "standard single" rooms		
Apr 12 2004	Excellent Place to Stay in London		
Jan 4 2004	"A" Rating from a Fussy Traveler!		
Dec 17 2003	I loved this hotel		
Dec 7 2003	The Quietest Hotel in London		
Apr 14 2003	Avoid Room 109!		
Jan 5 2009 	Un bon petit hôtel !		
Dec 20 2008 	???????		
May 18 2007	habitación 116		
Apr 16 2007 	Elegante e discreto		
