Aug 23 2009 	excellent budget stay in london	basic but clean bedrooms seperete toliet and shower blocks very quiet location minuets walk from saddlers wells theatre islington 5 mins walk best thing of all is the excellent cookded breakfast deffintly would use again	
Aug 31 2008 	How broke are you?	I had spent a few nights at LSE's Passfield Hall and wanted to extend my stay, but they were booked up. The nice guy at the desk kindly called another LSE school and I was on my way, after (foolishly) putting down a nonrefundable deposit for 2 nights.There is nothing horribly wrong with Rosebery, if you are on a tight budget and don't mind Motel 6. The rooms were very clean, but things like the carpet and the furniture looked as thought they could've been replaced a number of years ago. My view was of the building behind, which looked more like a tenament than anything else. Also, as the cheapest of the LSE dorms, it seems to attract large groups of traveling students, and that's fine for them! Overall, too dingy, too old, too smelly, too depressing to feel like I'd want to come home even to spend a few hours here.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great stay	For families on a budget this is a real good deal, As all people know staying in london is not cheap so getting a saving on your accomodation is a must and leaves more spending money,i had a triple room which was plenty big enough for me and my kids, The rooms were clean and comfy enough, the toilets were ok but the showers were a little out dated, more of a ball effect than a spray!!!, but they did the job.There is also a tv room and use of the internet and games for kids to play, not many but enough.The breakfast was exceptional for this budget accomodation, i've stayed in more expensive places than this and got a lot less for my money, as much drink and toast as you want then you can also pick your six items from a wide range of english and continental foods, a real deal!!!Angel was a lot quieter than we expected although its got loads of places to eat and drink, one gem we found was a vegetarian chinese restaurant on the main street called VEG all you could eat for £6.50, the food was amazing and the staff were so friendly, if you go any where then go here, you will not be dissappointed and a fab price.All in all this is a lovely place to stay not too noisy and very friendly and helpfull staff, there is also a place to leave your bags if your not departing straight away, If you love your luxuries then dont stay here, but if your on a budget and dont mind dodgy showers then i would give here a go, we'll be going here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	It left a lot to be desired	I have just returned from my Roseberry Hall experience and it left a lot to be desired. I will say on the plus side the staff were lovely and very helpful and professional. The location is great. It is only about a 10-15 minutes walk from Angel Tube station and it is a lovely area with some great pubs and restaurants. The single room was a nice size and it was clean and had its own sink as well. In short, if you want to get a decent night sleep and have some level of comfort then this is NOT the place for you. When I booked (I was attending a workshop there hence why I chose this accommodation) they did not tell me that it would be full of college students attending the summer session of the LSE. The noise did not abate until at least 1 am. Logic tells me this is what college students do (at least I sure did!) so if I had known that I would not have stayed there. I have stayed in other college residences and they were not being used for students hence why I didn’t think this would be the case here. Also, when I was going to my room I was struck by some bad smells in the hall ways although there was no obvious reason for these smells since the rugs appeared to be clean and fairly new. Next, I discovered that there was only one bathroom (2 stalls, 1 shower and a very old looking bathtub) for each gender on the entire hall. I was stunned at how the bin in the ladies was over flowing and how the bathroom had a very strong small of urine. Breakfast, as was mentioned, was large and varied. The temperature was luke warm at best.This is a great place if these things are not an issue.	
Apr 23 2007	Good location - student hall of residence	This really is a student hall of residence, and feels like it, although much better furnished than in my day. It is built around a small garden, with a modest communal &quot;pub&quot; and a dining room below street level. Standard, nourishing, LSE breakfast - choice of six items from a range including fruit, yoghurt, cooked bacon eggs sausage etc. The location is ideal for Sadlers Wells, being about three minutes walk, and Islington - the Angel is less than 10 minutes walk. A major London bus route, the 19, goes down Roseberry. Although there did not seem to be much traffic at the weekend, the room on the third floor seemed to be noisy with traffic noise. And of course in a place like this one is at the mercy of fellow residents - if a group come back after midnight, you will probably wake up. Being a student hall, it is only available during holiday periods, but that includes the summer. The LSE website is very good and makes a booking an easy task. And you don't have to pay more than a small deposit up front.	
Oct 6 2009 	?????????		
