Nov 2 2009 	great location	I recently stayed here for three nights. I thought that the room was a good size for London, it was clean had a nice ensuite bathroom. The staff were polite. The best aspect of this hotel is its location.It is so close to Earl's Court station which is very well serviced by all tube lines. We didnt eat in the hotel but there are plenty of places around. Overall I was very happy with this hotel and would stay here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Not what you would expect for a three star hotel!	The location is good - two minutes walk from the Earls Court tube station. The reception area, bar and restaurant are pleasantly modern but once you get to your room it's a different story. The rooms are tiny. We are a small/average sized couple but found that two people could not pass in the room: one had to sit on the bed to let the other pass. We were only staying for a weekend so had only a small suitcase between us - goodness only knows what you would have done if you had two large cases! There was just not enough space in the room!The bathroom was tiny: only a shower, wash basin and toilet. Fortunately, everything worked well, water was hot and everything was clean. However, the toilet seat was wonky and the toiletries were minimal. Even though it was the end of October, the room was unbearably hot. We had to open the windows and keep the ceiling fan on all night to make the temperature bearable! The radiators were NOTswitched on, but it felt like they were and even though the exterior temperatures were unseasonably warm, they were nothing exceptional so we couldn't work out why the room was so hot. In the summer it would be intolerable. Don't have breakfast in the hotel. It is expensive at £12.50 per head and the so called hot food is only lukewarm. So it definitely isn't worth it.	
Nov 1 2009 	Small rooms-not a great deal for the area	There are other hotels in the quiet area of earls court that offer with the same price range or a little bit more,defnitely more things to offer.rooms were terrible small,breakfasts is extra.The only good thing is its located 3 min from the tube.	
Oct 26 2009 	Avoid - not a nice hotel.	We stayed here by default - the hotel reserved had double booked our room and decided to transfer us to the Enterprise. It was really awful. Three beds crammed into the room - a double and two singles - none comfortable. Sub-standard out-dated fixtures and fittings, stained carpet and squeaky floor boards. The bathroom fan would only go off if the power supply was temporarily cut. Hot water came out of the cold tap and cold water came out of the hot tap? The main air-conditioning unit for the hotel was situated just outside our window which kicks in about every 40 mins through the night. The room was so hot we had to leave the window open all night. The view was terrible - pigeon poo-stained pipes complete with pigeons - I kid you not! Hot breakfast was luke-warm etc... Just what you need when you are seven and a half months pregnant! AVOID this place there are nicer hotels in London.	
Oct 24 2009 	Be warned!	We arrived on the monday afternoon. We walked into the hotel reception and saw a wonderful and modern marble reception which is exactly what we expected from the online photo's we had looked at before booking at this hotel. This is where the comparison ended! The receptionist ignored us for 5 minutes before finally welcoming us (if you can call it a welcome) to the hotel. I signed us in and we were told the room number and where the lift was. We worked out for ourselves which floor we were on and found our room (109). We walked into the room and rather than the flat screen, wall mounted TV and all the mod cons that were advertised online, we found what apeared to be a single room with 2 single beds pushed together in a room which was well overdue for updating with an old portable TV on a wall mounted stand which, if not carefull, you'd knock your head on getting out of bed. All the basics were provided (Tea/ Coffe facilities) and the room was clean, but there was a lack of the style that we were expecting. The room was so small that there wasn't enough room for both of us to walk around the bed at the same time. The en-suite shower room was small and had mix and match fittings (mostly mix!). The view out of our bedroom window consisted of 3 cables tied together with string and the contents of a used cigarette counter (including lighters and matches). On a positive, the hotel was only 2 minutes walk from the tube station which got us far away from the hotel in record time. All in all, I'd not recommend this hotel to anybody and would advise anybody that does book into this hotel to check the room number and facilities before confirming the booking.	
Oct 18 2009 	Huge disappointment! Small old rooms; awful staff!	Not where you want to stay! Hotel looks great from the outside as well as the lobby; however the room we got was the smallest I’ve ever seen (and I stayed in NY few times:) with old furniture. Their official photos show something else, much bigger. I asked for another room but they showed me something even worse. The room was so little that we two (average weight persons) couldn’t move at the same time, one had to sit on a very small bed while other went to toilet, which is on hand reach from the bed. Toilet so tiny and in bad shape that one couldn’t close the door while using the sink. Bed linen and towels were clean but the blanket was very dirty. Location is great, 3 minutes from Earls Court tube where one can take tube to Heathrow for 3,4 pounds; but there are other hotels in the area to stay in. Internet access on the computer in the lobby is charged 2 pounds for 30 min but it is so slow that one can barely manage to open a map. When we complained we were told that one can not expect the speed like in a private home?! No comment.	
Sep 26 2009 	Solid pick with a good location	Well, this was our first trip to London, so we were unfamiliar with the area. The Enterprise had a great location - about a one block walk from the Earl's Court station with many convenience stores, local restaurants and quick places to grab a bite. We stopped at the &quot;Bakers Oven&quot; across the street from the Earl's Court station for coffee every morning. There is also a helpful internet cafe nearby in case you need to research or print something out.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We arrived too early to check in, so they allowed us to check-in our baggage, so we can tour the city until check-in time. The room was what we expected for a European trip - small with a bed, TV and bathroom. The room was very clean, so we were very happy about that. There was also a heater available but we didn't really need it. However, we did use the ceiling fan as we had a great warm weather while visiting.Overall, the hotel was solid for the price - we spent about $110 US dollars per night. The only things we would have wanted were some type of breakfast included - there was no continental breakfast at all - and it would have been good to have a safe to use in the room. We were able to lock a few things up in the hotel safe through the front desk for a fee though.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent friendly service	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Enterprise. This was my first stay at the hotel and made the booking at short notice. I had several meetings at Earls Court and Olympia and a friend recommended The Enterprise because of the location, quality facilities and friendly service. All of the staff made me feel very welcome and I took a couple of clients to the hotels restaurant in the evening which was fabulous. The Asian cuisine was exceptional and very impressive and the staff were very attentive. The rooms were delightful and fully equipped with everything I needed or would expect.	
Aug 24 2009 	size is everything after all	dreadful....uncomunicative staff, ridiculously small room, awful shower toilet box in corner of small room. slab like bed. i would be embarrassed if i charged so much for what is no more, once you get passed the plush downstairs, then a hostel. The cleaners do a good job but really this was beyond disappointing. I would have moved but we were only there for three nights and we stayed away all day every day. Not where you want to be.	
Aug 20 2009	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!	Travel from Heathrow to hotel is very simple. Take the Piccadilly line to Cockfosters/Earl's Court Stop.(Now might be a good time to purchase an oyster card). Heavy Bags or tired take the lift to street exit, Hogarth street is across the entrance 2blocks you're there. Staff very courteous and informative, internet access also available (Google Maps etc.). Rooms very clean, European style design (storage available for luggage). Was excellent for Mother-Daughter trip.Centrally located in London, buses, taxis,and the underground make travel easy.( Did not eat at Hotel-Restaurant but was told by other quests that it was excellent.) Instead my daughter and I frequented the local restaurants, anything you want from fish and chips with a pint, to my Favorite Italian (TIZZI) 3 Blks Away. Vegan Options available almost everywhere! Enjoy!! I love London hope to be back soon.	
Aug 14 2009 	All fur coat and no knickers	My Husband and I decided to stay here after walking past it on a previous trip to London and thinking it looked nice, Big Mistake.From the outside it looks very modern and clean and very nicely decorated but this appears to just be the front of house and for the benefit of the Indian restaurant attached to the hotel. When we checked in the receptionist was surley to say the least. The room we were given was to the left of the hotel and had it's own wynding staircase. When we got to the room we were sorely dissapointed with what we saw. The bedroom was tiny with probably a foot of space around the bed. It was tatty and probably hadn't seen a paintbrush in a decade. The bathroom was small but clean.I was completely deflated and went to reception to complain. The receptionist explained that this was a standard double and what we had booked and I pointed out that it is not what is shown in the pictures on the website. She offered us another standard room which was better but still not what we thought we would be getting when we booked. When I asked if there was a safe in the room she looked at me as if I was mad.Overall this hotel was noisy, too hot and dissapointing. TBe warned do not make the mistake we did by judging the hotel by it's website. Will not be staying there again.	
Aug 8 2009 	The worst hotel experience on our vacation	We are not picky people and we rarely find ourselves unhappy with a travel experience, but picking this hotel was a mistake. The rooms were incredibly small, the bathroom was small and dirty, and the bed was by far the most uncomfortable bed that I have attempted to sleep in many years. We picked this hotel for its price and proximity to the subway which is its only redeeming quality. The great price was counteracted by the $85 they charged us for parking 2 nights. My advice for a traveler who is trying to get a room for under $200 per night would be to look farther out on the subway line (closer to Cockfoster). Hopefully the same money would get a slightly better room for a slightly longer commute.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very unpleasant	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff was extremely inhospitable and absolutely unfriendly. This is not the place to stay if you are coming to London. The rooms were extremely small and there was no air conditioning. The hotel also kept the heat on way too high so it was uncomfortable to sleep with only one fan, and they wouldn't give you a second fan if asked! Very unpleasant	
Jul 20 2009 	Basic but not bad	Rooms very small, but to be expected, tiny tiny bathroom. Very quiet which was a plus. Only a 3 minute walk from the Metro station. A little run down but clean.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location- good value- pleasant with no frills	We found a great deal on Expedia for this hotel for the week we were in London. Yes, European hotel rooms tend to be tiny, especially to us Americans who are used to everything BIG, and our room was small even by European standards. When leaving in the morning we could glance into a few rooms that the maids had open for cleaning, and discovered that not all were quite as small as ours. The hotel is nothing fancy. The room was a bit worn looking, but perfectly clean. The staff was pleasant enough. We did not eat in the restaurant. However, we honestly felt that given the prices in London, we made a really good choice. The location can't be beat. It is literally half a block from the tube station. The neighborhood is really pleasant with lots of picturesque Victorian row houses. No fears about walking around at night. It is also 2 or 3 blocks from a huge grocery store, where every day we bought some rolls, cheese, fruit, etc. for breakfast and lunch, and saved ourselves a fortune in restaurant meals. For dinner, there are lots of great ethnic eats in the vicinity, as well as a couple of decent pubs with tasty food.  It all depends on what you want. If you plan to spend a lot of time hanging out in your hotel room and demand a certain level of luxury from a hotel, this is not the place for you. If you want a clean, reasonably priced, pleasant place to sleep and store your stuff (with its own bathroom!) while you see the sights, you don't mind a small room, this is a great find.	
Jul 18 2009 	Laughably Small	We stayed for 9 days. The hotel pics are a fair representation of the lobby and rooms. The rooms are not nicely updated like the lobby and restaurant. The rooms are very, very small. However, they were clean and cleaned everyday. We were given fresh towels daily. The carpet and furniture were in decent shape. The beds a little springy, but not entirely uncomfortable. I guess we were lucky by London standards since we got a room overlooking the main street (meaning we had a balcony with large doors as opposed to windows making the orientation of our room slightly larger) but it was incredibly noisy. And we had to keep the windows open since there was no AC, so there was no getting around the noise.There is not much in the neighborhood as far as restaurants, its pretty residential. There's only a dinky pub, some Indian restaurants, but a small Asian run grocery store. A little further away (~5min walk) there is a larger grocery store, which is nice.The tube station is really close which is nice. The staff is rude and always seemed inconvenienced by us. There is no free internet. You have to pay for wifi. There is also a computer in the lobby if you need to use that, but they charge you to use the computer and charge you for internet.The biggest surprise was inside the hotel was really quiet. We got more noise from the street than we did from hallway noise.The only reason we stayed here was because we found a coupon from Expedia that took $30/night off our stay.Its a good base for London only because its close to a tube station and it was clean. The only real downside was how small the room was. It was soooo small!	
Jul 12 2009 	Expected more for the money I paid	Although I expected a little more for the 3 star rating and the money I paid for this room which was really small and had a badly stained carpet, on the plus side, it was otherwise clean, adequately furnished and ideally located being so lose to Earls Court tube station. The ceiling fan was a welcome addition in the sweltering London heat. Didnt use the dining facilities at the hotel. Plenty of fast food places nearby if you want to eat cheaply and quickly	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	Two of us stayed here end February for one night. The hotel consists of a number of old houses joined together. It was very convenient for the Kensington Museums. It's located between Earl's Court and Kensington and we felt safe walking back there. Bus connections were good and as others have said the tube is only 2 minutes away.We were greeted politely by reception every time and our room was clean, a reasonable size and complete with TV and coffee/tea making equipment. We were at the back - no view but quiet. The only downside was the occasional whiff of a drain somewhere. We only paid GBP 69 (via Venere.com) for a double room which is very cheap for London. You do have to pay for almost anything extra though, e.g. even to use a credit card (GBP1.50). We had breakfast in Earls Court Road to save money. There are also two (Sainsburys) supermarkets nearby.	
Feb 26 2009	Great location	My sons and I spent 7 nights at the Enterprise Hotel during the week between Christmas and New Years. The hotel is easy to find, 2 minutes from the Earls Court tube station; also easy to take the tube to almost any London tourist location. I booked here because they have rooms with 3 beds, unusual near central London. The room and ensuite bathroom was small as is typically found near London, plain in decor with a small TV but clean at all times. The hotel appears to be several former row houses converted into a hotel. The public areas of the hotel appear to have been recently renovated. The hotel exterior, lobby, restaurant and bar were quite nice. The restaurant menu skewed towards Indian and the Middle East. The hotel desk is staffed 24 hours and the staff was helpful, giving directions and recommending restaurants and museums.Earls Court is a working class community but we felt safe at all times. There's a Starbucks 2 blocks away, which was a big plus to me.	
Feb 22 2009 	visit this hotel	using trip advisor i booked this hotel as the reviews were favourable.it looked good in the photographs and it seemed to be in an ideal location.i have been to london a few times and have had some horrific hotels so even though this hotel looked good and i had gotten 3 nights for less than £200 i still wasnt sure what i would end up with.i was not disappointed the foyer and restaurant area were very modern and my room (158) was a reasonable size very clean but no view,although this was not important.i can find no fault with this hotel the restaurant was excellent reasonably priced.this was a perfect location for getting around london earls court 2 minutes walk away and plenty of eating places and supermarkets surrounding the hotel.look into buying the 3 day pass on the undergound (£16) i used the tube all the time and if i had just bought normal travel tickets i estimate i would have cost me at laest 5 times this amount.the staff were very friendly and helpful	
Feb 17 2009 	Tiny old rooms	The double room is tiny. Bed is next to wall, so only accesible from one side. Furniture is old. You can hardly walk in the room. Bathroom is tiny (2 m2 at most), the sink is the size of a plane toilet sink. No one single shelf in bathroom to put your stuff. Completely dissapointing considering how much you pay, even taking an offer, the rate on the hotel web page is even higher and therefore not worth at all. For sure you can find better deals in London. Location is good, probably the only good thing of the hotel in addition to lobby.	
Jan 1 2009 	Quiet Street Convenient Good Value	We had a very enjoyable week in London from Christmas to New Years, and the Enterprise Hotel was a wonderful place to rest at the end of each day. After a day of walking, sightseeing, museums, etc., a quiet place to relax and reflect on the day was very nice. This hotel is very convenient for London travelers. Only 250 meters/yards from the Earl's Court tube station (District and Piccadilly lines - easy access to Heathrow), no long walk with luggage is required. There are many places to eat nearby (Lebanese, Chinese, Halal, Japanese, Italian, plus fast food options KFC, Burger King, McDonalds, Starbucks, a couple Cornish pasty shops) and a few neighborhood convenience stores including Sainsbury's (cheap groceries). Pubs, ATM's, internet cafes and laundry - these are all within a 5 minute walk of the hotel.The twin room we had was very small but clean. The water pressure was good, but the shower drain was slow. Free tea and instant coffee, electric teapot were provided. There are phones in the room which we used to call home (USA) and London - be aware of the charges, though they are not unreasonable. The staff was friendly and polite. The hotel is on a quiet little side street with a couple similar hotels - no road noise. If you are looking for a good place to rest after enjoying the day in London, the Enterprise is a good choice for the budget traveler.	
Dec 16 2008 	Consistently Good	This is my 3rd or 4th stay at the Enterprise. It's in a very good location just a half block from the Earls Court tube stop, and on the Piccadilly Line that comes in from Heathrow Airport and the District line that runs to central London. It's location is easy in and out of the city. The Earls Court area is a great place to stay, close enough to be just about anywhere in London in 15 minutes by underground, but far enough away from the City Center to keep the prices down. Don't book the Hotel Directly, even the front desk staff recommend booking through a travel site like Expedia. I was able to get a 5 day, average rate of under $100 per night! The Hotel is clean, fairly modern, well appointed. The rooms are the typical small London hotel rooms, but if all you are doing is sleeping there, who cares! It's also a good place to stay if you Pub Crawl as the entire front of the hotel is lit with a purple light at night, making is VERY easy to find.The staff is very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a good area so walking around at night has never been a problem. There is internet access for a fee (£15 for 12 hours of use) not a bad price for London, but it's very slow. Showers are small, and water pressure on upper floors is a bit weak, but again I've found that's typical for most 2 &amp; 3 star hotels in London.There is a restaurant in the hotel, it's OK for breakfast, but nothing special for dinner. The bar is good as well, if you don't want to go out, there's a big screen TV that always has a football or rugby match on. Within a short (1-2 minute walk) there are 4 great pubs, and a couple of pretty good restaurants so there's no need to stay in.I HIGHLY recommend the &quot;Blackbird Pub&quot; just a half block up Earls Court road from the tube stop. They have a great selection of meat pies. No Sweeney Todd here! The Venison (the specialty of the house) is fantastic! If you are in the mood for Italian Zizzi half a block down the street in the other direction is very nice as well, and if you get in late from Heathrow, they serve till midnight. If you are looking for a pub near the hotel, the &quot;Kings Head Pub&quot; is directly behind the hotel, and has a large selection of Beer and Ale.Overall, great value for the money. I will stay there again!	
Nov 14 2008 	Clean friendly good location	Stayed there for 4 nights in Nov 2008. Hotel was a bit pricey compared to others nearby, but after reading the reviews about the others (dirty, insects, things not working etc) decided to give it a go.My room was very small, but I guess the norm for these type of buildings that have been converted into hotels. I knocked the TV with my shoulder, which then fell off its bracket, luckily I caught it before hitting the floor.Food in the &quot;Indian&quot; restaurant downstairs was excellent and very good value for money (try the taster plate for 9.95)Would happily return.	
Nov 13 2008 	Awesome location	If your looking for a good budget hotel in a awesome location, then this is your hotel.... If you are looking for luxury look elsewhere. This hotel is a minute walk to earls court tube station, which will bring you almost anywhere in central london. Also you can take the piccidilly line directly from heathrow airport to Earl;s cout. The rooms were small but adequate, and most importantly they were clean. The hotel does have a elevator, however it was small and since we were on the first floor hardly used it. I wouldn't recommend the breakfast, but there are many coffee shops with excellent pastries near by.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great!!	Married, 28 &amp; 31 years old. Looking for a hotel with a great, central location, CLEAN, and decent price. Enterprise was a jackpot! Located two minutes from the nearest subway which takes you pretty much anywhere you want to go in London (2 major lines Picadilly and District). The lobby was quite impressive, very stylish and great Indian restaurant in the lobby. Staff was The rooms were quite small compared to north american standards, BUT HUUUGE and very clean compared to rooms in Paris. Since we only stayed 3 nights, we did not mind. The bathroom was brand new, renovated, and very clean. Best sleep and shower I had in my 3 weeks through Europe! Would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 2 2008 	Very good!	It's got a good location, clean and tidy. Although the en suite was a bit small it was perfectly adequate. Staff very polite. No complaints at all.	
Jun 21 2008 	Central location	Stayed here for 4 nights based on tripadivsor reviews and was not disappointed.The hotel had a great central location with a 2 min walk to the tube station which was on the picadilly, district and circle lines.the lobby and exterior must have had a recent refurb as it definitely had a wow factor - the room was quite basic but clean and comfortable - exceptional value for London.breakfast in the hotel was also reasonably priced - we used this service on a couple of mornings.a bit of street noise at night but hard to avoid in a big city.highly recommend.	
May 31 2008 	Last Minute Deal GREAT LOCATION. NEXT TO TUBE	The reviews are so-so about this hotel, but my room was of normal size so I was quite happy. I had 5 bags of luggage and there was room...although I did have to step over them to go to the bathroom. The bathroom was the worst. There was no water pressure no warm water just HOT and COLD. We booked a double bed, but it was two twin beds pushed together so if you want to snuggle up to your sweetheart you might need to clarify a double before you get your key. The maids were awesome and very friendly. The front desk staff were so-so. One guy let us smoke out of the window in our room though, so that was nice. I can't really complain. I booked this last minute and hotels in London are so expensive...especially when you're converting from US$$. I didn't need a fancy hotel nor did I want a Budget with a shared bathroom. I found that this hotel was a good medium. My only complain was that the walls are super thin. One night a german couple were fighting for about 2 hrs. She was screaming and crying hysterically and running out of her hotel room and it scared me... it sounded like he was slapping her around or raping her or god knows what. I called the front desk and told them that there was a domestic disturbance and they called the room. They stopped for 5 minutes after the phone call, but continued after. I'm not exaggerating when I say this lasted for 2 hours. Not really the hotels fault for drunk or crazy guests. Other than that it was a really nice location to ALL of London. Earls Court Station is LESS than a 5 minute walk. It was a great location to get around all of London. There is also great great restuarants. We ate breakfast at Cafe Deli every morning&gt; They have amazing food and its cheap. Instead of getting breakfast at the hotel for £10- you can go to Cafe Deli and spend £6. There's also a lovely Indian Restuarant right by the ice cream cart.I would stay here again. I would recommend it. Just expect bad water pressure and don't let the fancy lobby fool you. The hotel rooms aren't new.	
Mar 16 2008 	Clean but small	I arrived at this hotel around 11:30 mid-day and I was supprised that they actually had my room ready. The lobby was pretty posh.After reading reviews on the hotel I was prepared for a small room, and that was indeed what was expecting my. But the room was very clean, and the bed very comfy. Even though I didn't sleep very well (which I'm sure is d-t first night alone in 2 weeks). But a must for this hotel is earplugs! The walls are very thin.The staff is also very helpful, my shower drain was blocked and was fixed the next time I had a shower. Very close (like 2-4min walk) to the sub-way at Earl's Court which can take you into the heart of London within 5-10 min. I will defently stay here again if I come back to London ;)	
Feb 15 2008	Good value hotel	We stayed two nights at the Enterprise, and enjoyed our stay. The hotel lobby is really smart and stylish and the reception staff were helpful and friendly. Our rooms were functional - probably in need of a refurb, but clean and had everything we needed. We loved the location, really near to Earls Court tube station, and plenty of shops and bars nearby. We had a drink in the Kings Head pub round the corner and ate at the French restaurant opposite (3 courses for £10) - both venues were good. Travelling around the city from here was easy, by tube, on foot and by cab. A taxi from here to Harrods in Knightsbridge was £7. Would use this hotel again, no problems!	
Dec 24 2007	Avoid!	Would not recommend. Looks can be deceiving! I thought it was a nice place from what I could see in photos on the net. It looked nice from the lobby. Then we got to the guess floors. It is not as bad as the London Town or Premier Travel Lodge. I would avoid it you really have too. I would stay at a YHA/HI if I had to do it all over again. Thankgoodness Earl's Court provides many emenities. I love my Doner Kebabs and chips with curry sauce!	
Dec 1 2007 	Smart clean and convenient	My Mum and I stayed here three days, for a family party. The food was THE best Indian food that I have had for a long time.Our room (top floor) was quiet and we slept well every night. We had a narrow but decent bathroom with shower only. The daily maid service was excellent.I have read the other reviews of the Enterprise here, but our experience was really good. Price was average for Central London but the location (100 metres from Earls Court Station) is really convenient.	
Nov 20 2007 	Light Sleepers look elsewhere	Hotel is in a good location and convienent (3-5 minute walk) to the underground at Earls Court. Good location for a variety of dining choices, including Italian, Indian, Coffee, American fast food and pub settings. Additionally, very convienent to a grocery and pharmacy.Hotel staff was friendly enough, but not outgoing. Lobby is 1990s contemporary and includes a small bar and adjacent restaurant. Wireless internet access is available throughout the hotel in blocks of time for a charge, however in-room access was weak and troublesome; the best reception being in the lobby.Our room was a single double, clean and neat, and maid service adequate. Our view was of a brick wall, and the bed marginally comfortable. Aside from being very small, (I fully expected that) the walls are not adequately insulated and normal, &quot;inside&quot; voices from the ajacent room could be readily heard from inside our room. If you have neighbors who come and go at night, or stay up late or snore your going to hear that. Those who come a distance and suffer from jet lag or those who have trouble sleeping will not find a restful stay here. I would suggest paying the extra money for a more modern or national/international chain if sleep is critical to your enjoyment of your trip.Speaking of money, I shopped online for this hotel and certainly felt that I overpaid for what I expected. If you choose to stay here and are travelling with someone, consider one of the larger rooms. Pack your earplugs.	
Nov 8 2007 	Terrible hotel.....	My travel agent found this hotel for me. Her and I reviewed my options for price and this was one of the better looking ones from the pictures given at another hotel booking site. It looked too good to be true for the price. The pictures made the hotel look very modern and cozy. I arrived on Nov 1st 2007. As I made my way into the hotel I wasn't sure if I was in the right place. It looked nothing like the pictures online. I promptly walked to the desk to ask for my reservation. The receptionist, barely spoke English and it was hard communicating with her. I was tired from my flight and traveling on the tube, I waited for 40 minutes before she could find me in the system. I then checked in and proceeded upstairs to the 3rd floor. As I was walking other rooms that were being cleaned... my mouth dropped in awe. I was given a double occupancy room which consisted of two single beds. I was barely able to fit between the beds. The room was so small after I put down my laptop bag, my carry on and my medium sized duffel bag I literally had no more room to walk. Please keep in mind this is supposed to be a double occupancy room. After 20 minutes of unpacking I was finally settled in. I went for a shower and it took 5 minutes for the hot water to kick in. Later that day I also purchased a 4hr internet time card for my laptop. The system they use is terrible, it was barely able to load hotmail or outlook. Visiting websites was a nightmare, I used the internet to look up some hot spots for London and was unable to do so at times. Near the end of my trip I had a big issue with my internet time card, every time I logged on it told me the user name and password were being used. They had a look at it and told me to buy a new one when I had over 2 hours of usage left. After 20 minutes of arguing with the terrible receptionist she decided to give me a 1hour voucher that did not work which in turn dragged me out of the comfort of my tiny room to the lobby. I eventually bought a new time card and was able to use the internet without any hassle. The only good thing about this hotel is it's location. The receptionists had terrible attitude the whole time I was there.The one positive point with this hotel is the location. Other than that there is nothing. They will not be seeing me again.	
Nov 2 2007	Disappointed with the Enterprise	The hotel was very clean and it is in a great location. However, we booked a double room and what we actually got was two single beds, with single sheets, on wheels that were pushed together and moved apart every time one of us got on the bed! It is also good that we are not big people as there was only about a foot of space arond the beds and the shower room door hit the bed everytime it was opened- in fact we could lay in bed and open the shower room door! I have known better hotels for the price.	
Oct 6 2007 	Perfect Location and Hotel	I was a little nervous after reading some reviews about this hotel but I'm glad I stayed there anyway! My girlfriend and I are in our late 20's and we wanted a hotel that was clean, affordable, and close to everything in London. This hotel was just that! The location is right off the Earl's Court stop which makes sightseeing on your own VERY EASY! Then getting to bars, club, restaurants and shopping is also just a couple tube stops away. The staff was friendly enough for what we needed. We used the safe in the hotel and there is a computer with internet connection that we were able to print our boarding passes the next day in the lobby and the restaurant looks GREAT even though we didn't get a chance to try it. One last point is that this hotel is extremely easy to get to from Heathrow - just get on the Piccadily line and you are there! I will certainly return to this hotel, for this location the price is unbeatable!	
Sep 11 2007 	Great location	I have stayed in quite a few hotels in London some Great some not so great! The Enterprise was ok and would probley stay again as the location was excellent.The hotel itself? Ok , the rooms are very small but very very clean housekeeping clean the rooms every day , There is no A/C so it was very warm and we kept the window open all the time, The bathroom is tiny and the shower worked but getting the right temp was a nightmare but was quite funny to hear my husband getting a cold shower!Keep your valuables with you or put in the hotel safe.Staff were not overley friendley but polite.Location, Brilliant! Just a minute away from earls court underground and we walked to the natural history museum the science museum and the VA museum, Earls court has a great atmosphere and we walked around at night visiting a few pubs feeling quite safe .So if you can put up with a small room which after all your only going to sleep in ! Its ok!	
Sep 10 2007 	Very good.	As has been said on a previous review the rating of this place is a little lower than I suspect it should be. Although there was a little confusion over my booking it was quickly sorted out and with no fuss. Room was of a good standard, with en-suite bathroom, tea facilities, balcony, tv and all that you would expect. Though not the biggest of rooms I've ever stayed in it was very comfortable and clean. I would have no reservations in stopping here again and I reckon I probably will make it my regular London haunt.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great for the price	My wife and I stayed here in the summer. The room we had was small but fine. We didn't go to London to sit in the room. Its location is great just steps from the Earls Court Tube stop which gives you easy access to London by Tube.The staff is very nice and helpful. The only issue we had was the noise. It was warm and without A/C we had the window open. The room was not hot but the noise was very loud. Lots of loud people late at night outside. Also in adjacent rooms you can hear thru the walls easily. It didn't bother me so much but my wife could not sleep. I don't know if they have rooms that do not open to the street or not but if you are anything but a heavy sleeper I would be concerned about the noise in the summer with the window open.All together we enjoyed it and for the price is a great stay just be aware of the fact the it is a small room and can be loud. But the location just a few tube stops away from central London is great.	
Mar 20 2007 	Better Than The Ratings Imply	We stayed in the Enterprise for 5 nights. I thought it was fine. Here are the good and the bad. The hotel is very close to Earl's Court tube station which has 3 lines going through it. There are lots of interesting small restaurants, pubs, handy shops, and internet cafes nearby on Earl's Court road. It's a working class neighborhood. There's a nice vibe to it. The hotel is secure and safe. I never felt uncomfortable in the neighborhood or in the hotel even late at night. Our rooms were very small, but they were clean, neat and functional. Our rooms had balconies (not all do). I liked having the balcony. The TV in the room worked properly, and the radiator worked very well. The bathroom was also small, but functional. My toiletries bag hangs, which was handy because there is littl to no shelf space in the bathroom. If you are a really large person the shower could be a bit claustrophobic. The staff was always courteous and very helpful. There is free wifi in the lobby and lounge, but it has encryption and I could never get my laptop to connect. (This is my only complaint -- other hotels have free wifi with no encryption and it is EASY to use.) There is a computer in the lobby connected to the internet, but it costs 1 pound for 15 minutes. The food in the restaurant was good, and the the wait staff was very accomodating of my kids' food requests. We would return again to this hotel. We would recommend this hotel to friends unless they specifically expect large rooms and an American style hotel.	
Feb 1 2007 	Small but functional	After reading some of the reviews I felt i had to write my own!I was really worried after reading some of the things people have said however i was pleased to see that they were not true! The Enterprise is worth the money. you get what you pay for here!The lobby of the hotel was really modern and it was clear that renovations had taken place recently. The staff on the desk were really helpful and unlike in other hotels we didnt have to wait to check in.The only available rooms when i booked were twin rooms so i took what was available. however when we arrived our room wasnt available. After realising we were a couple the manager offered us a double room at no extra cost which we gladly accepted. In no other hotel have i had this experience - a free upgrade and check in before 12!!!!Our room was quite small but was clean and perfectly functional. There was however little or no floor space and as a result i had to open my case on the bed everytime i needed to remove something (an annoying experience when you're a girl!!)I loved the fact that the key had to be used to switch the electricity on! Really quirky and eco friendly! Exactly what the world needs in 2007!On our second or third night we had a problem with out sink draining which we reported to reception as we went out for the night. The next day we left to go out and when we returned the sink had been repaired as promised! no reminder necessary.The area around Earls Court is said to be a little seedy in another review however we never encountered any evidence of this(except call girl ads in the payphones on the street!!). Like in any city, if you keep yourself to yourself late at night you'll be fine!I would recommend this hotel and will definitely return! Functional is exactly what you need in a city like London with sooooo much to see!Must Do:London eyeLondon AquariumWest End Show (Lion KIng is AMAZIN!)Places to eat nearby:Eat (brilliant italian -have the bannoffi!!)Garfunkels (like TGI's...really good food!)	
Dec 13 2006 	Ok budget hotel young couple.	I stayed here for 3 nights with my girlfriend in a standard double room. As a Norwegian citizen (pardon my English), it was my first time in London, but I soon realized that London hotel rooms are not among the largest. The Bathroom was extremely tiny, and barely fitted one person. The room was a bit bigger, but it did still not have a lot of free space.Even though the rooms are tiny and the hallways are narrow, it was a clean and healthy hotel. The hotel met my expectations as a normal budget hotel, were the important factor is location.The only negative thing I might have to point out, except the small rooms of course, is the lack of isolation and the poor oven. These factors made the room a bit to cold, and I could easily hear what kind of language that was spoken in the hallway.If you are looking for an ok hotel room, as a base camp to explore London and excpects no further luxury, this hotel is absoluteley recommendable.	
Oct 6 2006 	What was I thinking?	I don't know why I did not read the reviews here before booking the room. Staff at the hotel helpful enough, but indifferent..I was able to leave my luggage, but wasn't able to check in until 5pm! That is just ridiculous..when I get off an intl flight I can't wait to get to my room and take a shower. Bathroom decent size by UK standards.My room was right next to the elevator--UNFORTUNATE--because every time the elevator door opened the door to my room would creak into place--I was so afraid someone was breaking in! Not the most secure doors in the world; the door didn't close completely unless you locked it with the chain. Loud bar downstairs on a Saturday night; not good if you want to get to bed early. The bed was very very uncomfortable, completely sunken in on the bottom right side. And the whole business of having to put your key into the WALL to get electricity is just BIZARRE!!!So, no I will not be staying here again.	
Aug 23 2006 	You could do better than this	The positive thing about this hotel is that it is easily accessible from the tube (and what's more there's direct connection to Heathrow from the particular tube station). But this is where the good things stop.The rooms are small, the mattresses old, the staff couldn't care less, and the whole establishement looks run down and dirty.Truth is that there IS a reconstruction thing going on, but I'm not sure it's gonna get any better by the time it's done with. Oh and although my room was on the first floor I didn't get any incovinience from the works done.Another thing: when I arrived (since I was earlier than check in time) I left my luggage at the reception, no problem there. When checking out I took my stuff to the reception and rushed to a meeting, only to find out later that THIS time I had to pay for my left luggage.	
Jun 13 2006	Give this one a miss	Found this hotel through a popular web site. Easy enough to find when getting off the tube at Earl's Court. Short walk with heavy bags. Hotel was being &quot;renovated&quot;. I was not made aware of this prior to my stay. Rooms are absolutely tiny and no one tells you that your key is also the only way to get electricity to work in your room. Bed was like sleeping on a concrete block with a cotton sheet. I could not open my suitcase and have my partner walk around the bed to go to the miniscule bathroom at the same time. Room was on the third floor. No screens on windows so flying bugs get in. Noise from the street was extreme at night but as there is no air conditioning you must sleep with the window open. I had a terrible problem getting the waitress to charge breakfast to my room, not sure if it was the language barrier (most of the staff sounded Russian or Slavik) or some other hotel policy that was not explained to me and was completely unable to get a receipt for my stay when I checked out.	
May 28 2006	Worst Experience!	this is probably the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. It began at checkin when they seemed suspicious of our reservation... they then put us in a room on the 1st floor closest to the construction (we hadn't known about). Each morning we woke to loud banging of hammers and power tools, we also had the power go out 5 times. When I went to complain they didn't even know the power was out, nor did they believe me. Finally we moved to the 4th floor which got us away from the construction but led to other problems like the door not closing completely and NO water pressure. To top it all off, everyone was rude to us. After coming from Paris and having unbelievably friendly people taking care of us, we were shocked to find this treatment in London. We will never go back there.	
May 2 2006	Great Location Good Value Small Space Bad Food	The location of this hotel couldn't be better. Just a block from the local high street with the tube stop and many conveniences such as post office, chemist, bank, launderette, internet points, and many cafes and restaurants. The street itself was very quiet with little traffic. My main reason for choosing this hotel was that it had a lift, but the lift was extremely slow and a bit dodgy. However, it could handle three people with their luggage all at once. Very few hotels in this price range advertised lifts at all, and it was a must as I was traveling with my elderly mother.I never expect a large room in a big city hotel, but this was one of the smallest I've been in. The twin beds were pushed right next to each other and there was still just barely enough room for our suitcases. The bathroom was clearly built into the room and things stuck out at odd angles, though everything in the bathroom worked. We also appreciated the electric kettle. Another oddity: the room key (we were only allowed one) had to be inserted into a device in the wall in order to turn on the electricity in the room. This was unpleasant when one of us wanted to take a nap, as the other could not go out with the key -- we had to knock on the door and wake the sleeper to return.The restaurant in this hotel was wretched. One night we were too tired to go out to eat, so we stayed in. Even our very minimal expectations were blown away when we were served soup that was clearly made from a powder. We had chosen fish and chips, expecting frozen food, which we got, but the international staff obviously misunderstood what sort of vinegar goes with the meal -- they brought out the cruets of olive oil and red wine vinegar that would normally be served with a salad, instead of the expected malt vinegar for the meal. Don't eat here unless you are desperate.	
Apr 20 2006 	Never been back.	Not recommended from our experience. Tiny, dirty, noisy room. Very poor decor, who knows what splashed up the wall, dirty valance on bed. I couldn't wait to leave and have never been back. I hope it has been refurbished.	
Mar 13 2006	kareoke central!!!!!	upon arriving at the hotel i knew that this hotel was something special! the hotel is currently unergoing a re-fit so the reception has been moved into the resturant, apart from that little confusion i can happily say that the enterprise hotel was excellent value for money and in a brillant location! we had booked 2 rooms and where given rooms next to one another, which had an interconecting door which we were given the key for. the rooms where spacious and the bathrooms in particular were very new, clean and had room to swing a cat. having paid such a low price for this hotel we were a bit dubious before ariving but once we where there we fell in love with it. the staff were excellent, very helpful and friendly. on a friday and saturday night the hotel has kareoke downstairs, which was probebly one of our best nights ever! it is free to guests and i had the most fun that i have had in a long time! if you have/are thinking of booking this hotel - please do it!! it is in an excellent location and is one of the nicest, quirkyest places i have ever stayed!!!	
Mar 9 2006	Cheap and Okay	This is the kind of hotel where you have to ask for what you want. I booked a standard twin room, and the receptionist tried to put me in a room with a double bed and a sofa. Then when I asked for a standard twin (2 twin beds), she gave me a key to an older room, which had ratty bedspreads, the smallest bathroom ever, and absolutely no room to move. Not exaggerating. So I went downstairs again and asked for one of the newer rooms, as seen on the internet. Then I got a standard twin room with plenty of room, newer bedspreads, and a balcony. For a cheap hotel, I was happy with room, but I could see how if you don't press for what you expect from online photos, you could end up in a slum of a room. I really couldn't have stayed six days in a room that small, and I've stayed in hostels back in my college days. Overall it was a good value, but some of the staff won't give you the best they have to offer unless you request it.The surrounding restaurants were great, and the tube connection was awesome. Stay in Earls Court for sure!	
Feb 22 2006	Thank You Enterprise Hotel 	What fun we had at the Enterprise Hotel, attractive bar and restaurant in the hotel, and the surrounding areas of Earl's Court! A pleasant walk to the underground, not to mention some great restaurants in Earl's Court area. Our two grandkids, two sons, two daughters-in-law, and the two of us had no complaints. So what if the rooms were far less than American size for heaven sakes...We spent only our sleeping hours there, and were delighted with London, Portsmouth, Cornwall, the Tate Modern, the Savoy for high tea, the pubs, and that great little Indian restaurant just up the street from the hotel &amp; just before the main street and Underground. We'll be back and next time we'll stay longer! Thanks to all!	
Nov 18 2005	Cheap clean and convenient	Excellent location and clean hotel. It's just a few steps away from Earl's Court tube station, which is on the main lines from the Heathrow Airport and to downtown London. The hotel is in a great area - there are restaurants, a grocery store, internet cafes, a bakery, a post office, all within a short walk from the hotel.What I liked:- Clean room + bathroom- Lots of channels on tv- Great location !!- Cheap (about 45 pounds for a double-occupancy room)- Plenty of hot water- Quaint, homey atmosphere with lots of Van Gogh paintings on the walls- Desk, night tables and armoire in room to store some of your belongingsWhat I didn't like:- Beds are a little uncomfortable and small- Tiny room with hardly any floor space- Paper-thin walls (you can easily hear your neighbors if they are louder than average)- The shower's water pressure is extremely weak, and sometimes non-existant for a couple minutesIf you are looking for a cheap but decent hotel, this is the place to book. It is great for travellers who are tight on budget but who'd prefer not to stay in hostels. I was extremely satisfied that I got my money's worth! I would strongly recommend it if you are OK with the slight inconveniences listed above.	
Nov 12 2005 	A balanced and truthful review	To sum up this place:Pros:Amazing location (seconds away from Earls Court tube)Friendly staffClean rooms with regular changing of towels, bedding etcMultiple channel TV in room along with celing fan, radiator etc so you can regulate temperatureCons:Small rooms, even for London, but you get all you need in them!Slow lift!Slightly uncomfortable beds in truth but you get used to itIn conclusion, for the price I got (around £35 a night) this hotel was great in terms of location and cleanliness. I did get a double room to myself and I expect if I had shared with someone else I would have really struggled with space. If you want to live in your room, find somewhere else for the extra space. If you want a cheap base from which to get around London you wont find better for the price!	
Jul 29 2005	Nice Hotel	Wow... I was surprised to see all the bad reviews about this hotel. I was there last year and I must say I rather liked it there. Maybe I was lucky and got one of the better rooms, I don't know... It was rather small but it was clean, the bed was nice and both shower and tv worked perfectly. I think the staff was nice; we had a lot of fun one day in the bar of the hotel. When you're in London sight-seeing and just need a nice, though not luxurious, place to spend the night, I'd recommend it.	
Jul 6 2005	Nice place	Convenient location. has restaurant, close to tube(subway), quiet street, clean room, daily maid service, inexpensive	
May 20 2005	All-nighter in railway station preferable	Fifth-rate dump with service to match. Tiny room was the ultimate in stuffiness. Window was completely sealed shut even though on third floor. No ventilation. Exhaust fan in bathroom grossly inadequate and rattled very loudly when on. No space for luggage except on floor between bed and wall, trip-over hazard in the dark. Bathroom dingy. On arrival clerk claimed we had no reservation. When shown confirmation printout from hotels, she claimed their computer was down and gave us the room with utmost reluctance. Only London hotel I have ever stayed in where breakfast was not included. Nice lobby is deceptive. The only explanation of the three-star rating seems to be the elevator. The place is for first-time suckers only. Repeat business is inconceivable.	
Mar 14 2005	Terrible.	This review is about The Enterprise Hotel in Hogarth Road, London, UKWe expected a nice quiet room with all the necessary facilities for the high price we paid (£109 per night). The room was very basic, no double glazing (noisy being on the street side), no air conditioning, and did not have a good night sleep due to people talking loudly at 2 p.m. We had to complain twice to the reception but still the residents kept talking until about 3 p.m. We left the hotel first thing in the morning. Never to stay there again or recommend to friends.Althought the hotel was awarded a 2* rating, it is not worth a 1* rating. A hotel located opposite this Enterprise hotel, charges £45 per night for a family room of 3 persons including full breakfast. In the future, we will only stay at well known hotels like the Hilton, the Holiday Inn, or Novotel (all 4* hotels). These luxury hotels charge less than this terrible bed and breakfast room accommodation.This Enterprise hotel was booked for us by an agency: hotelsolutionsdirect, after our booking via the internet of another hotel was subsequently cancelled by this agency even though the reservation was previously confirmed.Avoid using agencies. Go direct to hotels for booking and only consider the well known hotels, if you are after a comfort and peace.	
Mar 5 2005	Did We Stay In The Same Place?	This may not be the Ritz but we had nowhere near the negative feelings voiced by most here. It's in the Earl's Court area, about a two minute walk from the tube. Not the best area but we never felt unsafe either. Nice old style hotel on a quiet street. Rooms are small, they all are in London! Clean, staff was fine though no one is English. Breakfast was decent and most important early, around 7-7:30am. We would stay there again. Overall though, seeing the other comments, we were either lucky or our standards are low.	
Jan 16 2005	Good location very tiny no water pressure	Location is excellent, close to tube station, fast food, hospital and the only 24-hour pharmacy in London. However, rooms are the tiniest we've ever seen. We had a quad--4 twin beds so close you couldn't walk between them. Bathroom was also tiny and the water pressure for hot water was a trickle. We've been told that small hotel rooms are typical in London--especially in the less expensive ones, but this was extreme.	
Sep 29 2004 	Seedy Smelly Scary!	The room is between two floors. There is mildew and mould all over the shower. There is no room for a suitcase... it takes up the entire floor. The ceiling is so low that if I hop out of bed I will hit my head (I am only 6ft). The curtains have cigarette burns on them. The window is filthy.Basically, everything is dirty, smelly, and probably a health risk.No way this sucker deserves 3 stars unless I was mistakely assigned the broom closet.Avoid at all costs.	
Aug 23 2004	Very good	Small room, but perfect location, near shops, good (simple) food, quiet neighbourhood, good connection with city center and Heathrow. Clean. Good shower, tv. Friendly people	
Aug 6 2004	Can you say a slum	It was small, smelly, not too clean. Smoking or not, the rooms SMELL!! We could not sleep half the time because of the smell. The floors look like they have never been swept (even if they have). The hotel is also very, very noisy...you can hear every thing. I would definetly not recomment it...no way thats 3 stars	
Jun 21 2004	Tiny room	Extremely small room. Rooms are £50/night not including breakfast for a single. You can get a lot better for this money. Location is ok, close to main roads &amp; tube station.Bathroom is in need of refurbishment. You can get better for your money.	
Feb 6 2004	Avoid Avoid Avoid the Enterprise	This was the most disgusting hotel we ever stayed at. The advertisement of the hotel on hotels.com said it was air conditioned -- it was not, &quot;newly renovated&quot; - probably in 1960. The rooms were tiny, the beds were lumpy and there was a musty odor. It also said they had electronic door locks -- which must mean you need to use your key to turn on the electricity. Whatever you do not stay here!!!	
Nov 1 2003	we will go there no more!		
Oct 30 2003	Pretty Darned Bad		
Jul 21 2003	Definitely NOT a 3 star hotel		
Nov 8 2009 	Bueno si no se quiere gastar mucho		
Sep 25 2009 	Parece más de lo que es. Decepcionante		
Jul 29 2009 	Fujam desse hotel!		
Jul 2 2009 	Per il prezzo non c'è male		
Jun 17 2009 	Super Lage Mini Zimmer		
May 31 2009 	Buon Hotel		
Apr 29 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 7 2009 	Bof		
Mar 16 2009 	Ottima posizione carino micro-stanza!		
Feb 26 2009 	Occhio alle camere!		
Aug 20 2008 	L'Enterpriseun'ottima scelta.		
Jul 29 2006 	Extrem kleine Zimmer		
Apr 28 2006	Meme pas une étoile!		
