May 11 2008 	Decent hostel with a great location	The best part of this hostel was its great location with easy access to many sights and public transportation. An above-average breakfast was included that had many options such as cereal, yogurt, apples, oranges, toast, croissants, a few different types of sausages, and baked beans. If you had to leave before breakfast began, a sack breakfast could be ordered the day before. The bathrooms were pretty clean and the showers were the nicest I've ever seen in a hostel. There was plenty of storage space and a sink in the room. The bedding was a bit odd because the pillow was attached to a sheet so instead of bunching up the pillow I had to stick a sweatshirt under it. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. You could buy tickets to many attractions at the front desk which was very convenient and they were a little bit cheaper too! It was an interesting place with all different sorts of people (seniors, families with young children, and singles).	
Sep 29 2006 	The cheapest ok place in central london	London hotel and hostels prices have gone through the roof in the last decade and after a few bad experiences, I am now sticking to the YHA St Pauls. If you are coming to London for a short stay to shop, this is the cheapest safe place to stay. This hostel is centrally located with a direct train connection to London Gatwick Airport and good underground connections. It is also clean, quiet and offers a good breakfast included in the price. I always have a 10-bed dorm on the second floor (note no elevators in a 19th century high-ceilinged building means a fair climb with a lot of luggage!). If you have the upper bed it can a bit tricky to climb in though so I now try to request my fave bed when booking. The shower rooms are pretty clean for a hostel (the trick is to shower in the evening instead of in the morning rush hour) as are the toilets. In all my stays the staff was helpful the few times I had a question.The area is in the City so at night there is not much to do, besides the nice Italian restaurant on the corner. But St Pauls is on many night bus stops so no problems getting home.	
Jan 10 2006	OK for short stay	I stayed at YHA City of London for two nights (8 &amp; 9th jan, 2006) with my parents and wife. We were given room no. 20, which is located on the first floor. I had to pay 196.80 GBP for a four bedded room for two nights. I had a little difficulty to find the hostel from St Pauls tube station. I forgot to see the map. I was relying on the address (its a good idea to check the map before arrival).Staffs at the reception desk were helpful.In our room there was three boxes (they call it beds!!) on top of each other (see picture) and it was VERY inconvinient. They should have had two + two bunk beds (not boxes). Pillows were too thin. Only one Heavy chair and no table within the room (just because the room was very small). Only one window in the room and no ventilation. The floor carpet was wet. We had a basin inside the room and power plug sockets, which was very convinient. Since the floor is woodden, it makes pleanty of noise when someone walks in the corridor. There were pleanty of toilets and showers in our floor. But most of the toilets were too narrow for an adult person to sit. Showers were small but nice.Breakfast was very nice. You may choose between continental and English set menu. There is no self catering facility, but the guests can have their own food at the restaurant.In this building, there is no elevator, so be prepared to sweat a lot if you have pleanty of luggage. Rooms are not available before 14:00 on the first day of arrival. We could manage staying there for two nights, cramped inside those boxes. The room is NOT worth the price paid.	
Oct 21 2005	Well located good hostel	Stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago but thought I'd post a belated review.Excellent location - walked many places from here. Also close to tube and buses.Hostel was very clean, never had to wait for a shower. Breakfast great but wouldn't recommend the dinners.	
Jul 5 2005	Good hostel in calm area.	I stayed at the hostel for 5 nights at june/july 2005.The hostel is located in an area dominated by business offices consequently making it calm at night and at weekends. St Paul’s Cathedral is just around the corner (where sightseeing buses, ordinary buses and taxis stops) likewise is the Millennium Bridge where one can take a stroll down to the Thames. Blackfriars underground station (which I used) is about a 5 minutes walk away.All of the staff was friendly and helpful. I slept in a room with 11 beds, all equipped with one big locker and one small locker at the side of the bed (you will need to bring padlocks for both). Earplugs were necessary for me to use since the windows were open (it was hot) and the bell in St Paul’s rings every hour (yes - even 4 a.m.). There were plenty of shower rooms and toilets, all clean.The breakfast was very good and is just what one will need to start off a long day of sightseeing. The only bad thing about the breakfast was that you are only allowed to get one of each item.It says on YHA’s official website that it is a youth hostel but there are guests of all ages.If you are looking for a calm hostel with good location, I think this will be a good choice.	
Jun 29 2005	Basic but well located	The rooms are very basic, but it was clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. The hot breakfasts were fantastic, although the evening meals weren't as cheap as I would have expected. Share bathroom facilities aren't always great, but these were relatively clean. Not just for youth, plenty of people of all ages. It was very well locateed, opposite St Pauls cathedral, and the public bus service was very regular. For basic, budget (by London standards) accommodation with no frills, i would recommend this place.	
