Oct 15 2009 	Terrible experience	The only plus side is the location.Negative points1 Reception non existence. sit and watch TV or playing games and refuse to help at all. Leaves desk at eight at night then you are stuck. On departure the reception refused to contact taxi service so had to stand in the main road with all luggage to obtain taxi service by stopping taxi as they drive by. Two elderly ladies had to carry their luggage down flights of stairs as the reception refused to render any assistance.2 Rooms terrible stale and not ventilated. Had to finish making up the bead one day out of the 4 days as the bedspread was bundled up in the corner of the room. (this was at nine in the evening on our return to the hotel)Single bed linen on double bed does nor work. We slept more on the mattress as on the sheets and on top of it all the linen had holes in it as well.3 Breakfast What a disaster This hotel do not understand the meaning of continental breakfast. What you get is- A water downed artificial juice which tasted like nothing ever tasted before.- Over Boiled cold eggs as blue as it can be.- Cerials with no taste at all.- Cheese (one variate) slivers so thin that in the event of lifting them they tare apart.- Meat slivers from the lowest grade and standard possible.- Only sliced bread which you had to toast yourself no other option of buns or muffins, fresh fruit or even yogurt available.- One platter of the same cheese and meat every day- Dining room without table cloths and packed with to many tables and chairs for you to move around when 50 % occupied.In conclusionThe world rate South Africa as a 3rd world BUT I can assure you that our one star Hotels are better than this three star dump (hotel)	
Sep 14 2009 	Clean room decent price	This was a great place to spend our night in transit back to Canada.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good enough for my 24-hour layover	I had a short layover in London on my way home to the US. It was decent enough for my needs -- clean, well kept, and most importantly for me, it was just around the corner from Paddington station where I had direct access to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express. The major drawback, though tolerable for my circumstance, was the lack of elevator. My room was small but since I was alone, I could deal with it. Had there been 2 of us, no way!! I concur with other reviewers about the breakfast. Also, there was no air conditioning. For me, not a big deal as I prefer fresh air. Would I stay there again? Possibly. I think if the hotel offered an in-room mini fridge to where I could store beverages and restaurant leftovers for later snacking, I would be more inclined.	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent Value Convenient Location	We stayed at this hotel for one night Jan 19th 2009. It was Room 204 on the second floor at the rear of the hotel so very quiet. Our room had a double and two single beds, although we had only asked for a double, with a small but clean and functional shower room, basin and toilet. Plenty of wardrobe and drawer space, TV, extra pillows and bedding in wardrobe (if needed), very clean and warm.Excellent value for London for the price we paid (£38.00 for two people B&amp;B one night via Octopus Travel.com). Located within 5 minutes walk of Paddington station so within easy reach of Central London.The hotel doesn't have a lift and as the breakfast room is in the basement may not be suitable for the elderly or infirm. Breakfast room was quite small and crowded but served a more than adequate cold buffet breakfast - juice (weak), cereals, bread / toast, preserves, cold meat and cheese, hard boiled eggs, tea or coffee.Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. Reception staff pleasant and efficient.	
Nov 3 2008 	Won't come back	I booked The Beverley City hotel as a last minute act of panic. I wish I had chosen any other London hotel.The room was tiny, had a bad smell, the bathroom was filthy (and unhealthy, I am sure), and the breakfast was poor. They ran out of bread 20 minutes before the breakfast ended, and provided no alternatives - there was nothing else to eat.	
Aug 12 2008 	What a cute little place to stay!	I loved this little hotel! It is easy to find from Paddington station (walking distance) so is very easy to get to from Heathrow airport. It is one little hotel in several similar hotels all in a row, set back from the street. There is no lift so pack light! The hallways, stairwells and rooms are very small and 'English' and I loved that. We stayed in a room for two and you wouldn't have fit three people in the room but it was cosy! The rooms are clean and tidy and the bathroom is tiny but functional. It's not for the fussy travellers because of its size, but we are not very fussy and we loved it! would definately stay there again. There is also a cute little breakfast room downstairs which was excellent too!	
Aug 1 2008 	Absolute dump	Do not stay at this hotel! We made the mistake of booking 5 nights here and it was so bad that we left after the first night. In no particular order, the bad points are:1. There is no lift or elevator so if you have large suitcases and are staying on the higher floors, you will either have to lug them up to your room yourself or pay some poor cleaner 5 pounds to help you. The guy at reception will not help in any way.2. The rooms are TINY - one person and one suitcase cannot fit in a twin room at the same time. Also, two single beds will only fit in a twin room if they are pushed together, so don't expect any personal space at night...3. Supposedly 'non-smoking' room smelt terribly of stale cigarettes.4. Guy at reception goes home at 6pm so if you need assistance after that time, you are out of luck!5. There is no ventilation so the rooms are very stuffy.6. There is no 'full English Breakfast' - what you get is reconstituted orange juice, thin pieces of toast and fake jam-type substance to put on it.This place is like many others near Paddington Station - an overpriced dump masquerading as a hotel. Read the other reviews and consider yourself warned!	
May 23 2008 	Average hotel terrible breakfast!	Beverley house hotel is the equivalent of a two star property. The ensuite room was average with a small but clean bathroom. The bed was nice and comfortable. However no tea or coffee making facilities and it is a shame the room was not as clean as the bathroom!The breakfast is the worst breakfast i have ever had in any B and B or hotel-watered down cordial orange juice and the choice of three cereals- all of which were very untasty.The hotel is in a pleasant location, near to Lancater Gate tube for easy accessibility around London.	
Jun 4 2007 	We won't stay here again	On the plus side, the hotel is located on a charming and beautiful tree-lined street, within walking distance to Hyde Park, and only 2 blocks from the Paddington Subway station, and several different lines of surface buses pass by the area. From the hotel, it's very easy and convenient to get to all the other attractions in London, especially by subway. The neighborhood has many restaurants, shops, pubs, and a post office. The rooms are clean and maintained daily. A free breakfast buffet consisting of assorted cheeses and cold cuts, hard boiled eggs, cold cereals, toast, juices, coffee &amp; tea, is available for guests.On the minus side, the rooms are very small, and with luggage, leaves hardly any space to be, other than to prop oneself up on the bed. The bathroom was extremely small and one has to be very careful in moving about, not to bump into things. The hotel does not have an elevator, and our room ended up being on the 3rd floor which meant having to haul our luggage up all the flights of stairs, and each floor consists of two staircases around a very tight turn. One of the clerks at the front desk told me that if they are given advance notice of a handicap or health related problem, they will try to accommodate a guest on the lower floors.We won't stay at the Beverley again, but will try to find something that would be more suitable in this particular neighborhood.	
Mar 28 2007 	Horrible! Worst hotel experience	I can not exaggerate that I experienced my worst hotel stay at the Beverley. The heating only operates between 6am-12noon &amp; 6pm-12mid. The night we stayed there the outside temp was 6c max. I could not shower in the morning as the water was cold. The room was so small we had nowhere to put our bags. Breakfast was horrible. Toast, cordial, budget quality cereal, slices of cheese, ham &amp; boiled eggs. All self-serve. As we are vego we could only have the toast. We asked for an alternative meal but they would not provide it. Of course we still had to pay for the breakfast. The towels were old &amp; worn. They had the name of their other Hotel situated in the same street. My guess is that the Beverley gets all the old stuff. The pillows had no spring in them at all. I had a terrible nights sleep. We moved out the next day &amp; went to another hotel down the street. It was much, much better &amp; only cost a little more. Of course they will not refund &amp; insist on payment upfront. They have a sign in the room tell patrons that they will not refund. If you are planning on staying there I would strongly suggest checking the room &amp; dining room first.	
Mar 26 2007	So bad we moved out after day one	We had such a bad experience with the Beverley City Hotel that we moved out after the 1st day. I will not be advising people to stay there.To put it in a nutshell:•The heating is on only between 6am-12noon &amp; 6pm-12midnight. That was a little uncomfortable considering the max outside temp was 6c.•The room was so small that you could not place a shoe between the bed &amp; the wall. If we placed our bags on the floor we had to step over them as there was nowhere to store them.•The bathroom/toilet was so small I had to walk in &amp; back out (no room to turn).•There was no tea &amp; coffee in the room. If you wanted a tea/coffee you had to order it from them at a cost.•The pillows were very old &amp; completely flat. They had no spring left in them at all.•The towels were old &amp; worn. They had the name of their other Hotel on them. I can only assume the Beverley gets all their old stuff.•There was no hot water when I went to take a shower in the morning.•Breakfast was self serve. It consisted of cordial, toast, 3 choices of cereal (Cornflakes, Rice Bubbles &amp; Coco Pops), thin slices of cheese &amp; ham &amp; boiled eggs. Everything looked low quality. Because we are vego all we could eat was toast (no jams). We asked if we could pay extra &amp; receive a hot breakfast but we were told they could not do that.•The dining room was so small that I had to move the table out to let Karen sit down. I had to move it back so I could sit down. The dining room resembled a pauper soup kitchen in my opinion. Judging by the behaviour of the other guests they were not enjoying the experience as well. We have been used to friendly chats &amp; happy people during breakfast at all the other locations.	
Mar 24 2007 	Don't stay here	First room they gave me here (sister hotel to the Nayland) was tiny and the loo didn't work. Reception closed at 6pm but they moved me to another room just before they went off. TV didn't work in new room and windows draughty but okish for price. Went into bathroom at 7.30am next morning and the lock on the door broke. Finally 'released' at 10.50am. No apologies. No refund.	
Jan 18 2007	Good location but be careful!	The hotel located pretty good, some 200m from Paddington station, where Heathrow Express, four tube lines and three major bus routes are intersected. There are a number of pubs, steak houses and other places to eat around (check out &quot;Sussex Arms&quot; and &quot;The Bear and The Bishop&quot; - the last one is at the 3rd level of Paddington Station, good selection of ales and traditional english food).The hotel is mostly sleep-only, like many others in London. 8 TV channels, 3 of them are in Greek, like columns besides the entrance :) When booking, try to avoid two basement-level rooms, if you are not a hardcore traveller with just basic needs.The breakfast is just average. The room service is surprisingly good (in some manner it was better than in Shanghai 5*). Front desk sfaff is cheerful and helpful.	
Aug 12 2006 	Um????	All the reviews are spot on. The bathroom is TINY. The breakfast room is impossibly cramped. Please note why I am really writing this review - there are NO coffee/tea making facilities in the rooms. They were happy to fill my flask with hot water at the sister Nayland Hotel. I would not stay here again. It was ok - no real complaints. Nicely decorated	
Jun 14 2006	Why did I listen to the good reviews !?	Despite living in the USA I am British and I felt this hotel had tried too hard to please the American guests (and failed): our room was in a nice old townhouse on a quiet street 3 mins walk from Paddington tube station. It had new cheap matchy matchy (hampton inn style) furnishings, with a new moulded plastic bathroom, a good safe, a hairdryer in the room and breakfast provided. It was tiny, but cheap! Great I said. Then I remembered there is nothing around Paddington - no real restaurants, pubs, shops. The room was far too tiny to chill out in, so just one nice bar nearby for a drink before bed would have been nice. The breakfast was TERRIBLE. I am not a picky eater and would have been happy with 2 slices of toast and a mug of tea, but the tea, jam, bread tasted awful... How could they get all that so wrong? We decided to make tea or coffee in our room and then pick up a croissant from a bakery, but there was no coffeepot/kettle in the room (unheard of for a british traveller). We even tried to get a glass of wine one night from the sister hotel 2-doors down, but the wine was bad and it wasn't so much a bar but a hallway and we felt very uncomfortable there. The walls of our room were thin and I was kept awake, so I decided to sleep in and then discovered there was serious building/demolition work going on from 8am (no-one warned us). I would have moved hotels or gone to stay with friends, but we had to pay for our full stay up front (again unheard of for a british traveller). I would tell the hotel to spend less on matching the curtains to the comforter, and more on the teabags and bread. I would advise you to stay somewhere more lively and on a less convenient tube stop, to get more for your money and a better london experience. Staying close to the British Museum/Convent Garden is often a good option.	
May 1 2006	Loved the Beverley	The room and bathroom at the Beverley were small but efficient and perfectly adequate for me and my two kids. The location was terrific. The front desk guy was really helpful and nice, as were the breakfast staff. I will definitely stay in the Beverley on future trips to London.	
Nov 19 2005	Crappy but central	Stayed here for a week actually.Rooms are very small, standard, but ok. The rooms are clean enough. Hotel staff is ok, although we often had to visit the hotel next door for service. (guess they cooperate with the other hotels in the area) Breakfast was terrible. We only went to the breakfast room one morning. And to buy breakfast in an expencive restaurant in London each morning, for a week, increases the budget. Anyway, the breakfast was in a dirty little hole in the basement.Only a 3 minutes walk from paddington station.Would I stay here again? NOT A CHANCE. You can find both cheaper and better than this.Will you ruin your vacation if you`ve already booked? Nope, we had a great week anyway.Enjoy, or not?	
Jul 22 2005 	I loved the Beverley hotel!	Hi. I travelled alone about two years ago, and found my stay quite pleasant. I had the free continental breakfast, which offered thefollowing: eggs, toast, jam, cheese, sliced ham, three kinds of cold cereal, grapefruit juice[?], milk, tea, coffee. I also found the rooms small, but packed lightly, only two pieces of luggage. The bathroom was small, but with a shower that does not operate on coins, it is a great deal. I bought a tour package, which ended up with me staying in a room by myself, with, free daily breakfast, t.v., blowdryer, room safe, private bathroom, queen sized bed [comfortable], and good walking distance from the tube and inexpensive restaurants, all for $100 canadian a day.I thought it was great value, and people get what they pay for... withthis hotel I got more than I paid for. I recommend it for people who are able bodied, as seniors with walkers or wheelchairs will find difficulty going up the stairs. There is no elevator, but the price I paid for included VAT as well, so I cannot complain..this is best for starving writers [like myself] or college students, or even honeymooners on a tight budget!	
Jun 16 2005	Basics not working in the Beverley House Hotel	The most terrible hotel I ever stayed. The toilet was not working and neither was repaired until 3 days despite my request and complain. The sheets were not changed, not after the previous hotel guest, and not during the following days. Of course many other things were just ordinary, but as a whole, the hotel management didnt take it seriously to provide the basics for the guests.	
Jan 7 2005	dump	I can't believe this hotel gets 2 stars it should only get half a star! We had to wait for our room to be ready, even though we didn't show up early for check in. The staff is incompetent or has an attitude, when there is staff around because they also spend time at another nearby hotel. Therefore, no 24 hour reception, and having to wait long to check out. The rooms are tiny, there isn't enough room for a decent sized microne. They don't keep in mind that tourists stay at hotels, and we need room for our luggage. They forget to bring you towels, which are sometimes torn, yuck. We found a cockroach, double yuck! Their rich breakfast buffet is the worst I've ever had (how can you call tang orange juice). I can go on but thinking back on this place is making me sick.	
Apr 26 2009 	Cambiate subuto hotel se potete		
Nov 11 2008 	Très bonne surprise!		
Aug 19 2006 	agreable sejour		
