Nov 24 2009 	SQUEAKING HOTEL	Lets start with the pros: average price, good location opposite Kensington park, clean-semi-spacious rooms, which were also cleaned everyday.Time for the cons: EVERYTHING and I mean EVERYTHING in this hotel, from the floors, the beds, the corridors were squeaking in a tremendous way, so much that it was almost impossible not to wake up when someone was passing the corridor....of course that happened especially outside our room, 208, but in general all the hotel was squeaking!!Also, no hot water late at night, twice tried for a hot bath around 2 or 3at night, and got frozen.....If u can handle with the squeaking noise coming from everywhere, in and out the room, then u can go.....but if u want to sleep until late in the morning because the previous nights u were out, just forget it!!!!!	
Nov 21 2009 	Not that bad	The rooms where nice but the heating was much much to hot.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fawlty Towers	For a 1960's experience stay at the Columbia. Not re furbished since then (on hotel own admission). Location excellent. Staff helpful. Just a typical terrible low cost London hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great location Good Price - What else do you expect	My family and I have stayed at the Columbia many times. We've always had good service from all of the friendly staff. The hotel offers very reasonable prices. It's not the Ritz. The accomodation is dated but always clean. The food reasonable - the prices are good for the excellent location - what do people expect? Opposite Hyde Park. Near to the tube. I can only recommend this hotel. Want better accomodation then pay another couple of hundred pounds and you'll get it!	
Nov 15 2009 	Dated hotel badly in need of serious refurbishment	Positives:The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that it is in an excellent location to base yourself in London. It is right across the road from Hyde Park and is just a short walk away from the Lancaster Gate tube station. Negatives: The hotel itself is extremely dated and is in need of extensive refurbishment. The carpets are frayed throughout and the decor in general dates back to the sixties. The room we stayed in also was very dated with a mattress that was probably older than myself. Pay a few quid more and upgrade to another hotel. Definitely not worth it.	
Nov 7 2009 	Dated but comfortable	Conveniently located near to several tube stops an major roads, this hotel is practical while not overly expensive. The staff are helpful and were amenable to people coming and going at all hours as required.The breakfast is not outstanding, but included in the room rate it was welcome.The rooms are small and have a dated style, but appeared to be in reasonable condition and are well maintained.	
Nov 3 2009 	May this place never change!	Booked 3 single rooms for 5 nights for a course at the next-door Thistle Hyde Park (for £55 including full breakfast, compared to the £150 excluding breakfast quoted by the Thistle!). The Columbia is a stunning old building which was clearly &quot;done out&quot; in the 1960s/70s and has not changed since! And it's great! Seriously old school decor (avocado bathroom suites, green swirly tiles and lino, brown corridors, seriously naff carpets) will surely come back into fashion as long as they don't update it soon ... and, combined with probably the cheapest hotel bar and food prices in London, makes this a seriously good London hotel to stay in. Couldn't fault the cleanliness, the friendly staff, the size of the rooms (by London standards), or the quality of the breakfast and dinner which we had here. Yes, it needs a spruce up in parts, but hey, for the price, this is by far the best value London hotel in which we have stayed, and would definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Ideal budget hotel for central London and very good breakfast	I've been staying in The Columbia on and off during trips to London since the mid 1990s when it was actually a popular accomodation hot spot for young Brit Pop style bands and music biz types and it still is today. I've never understood why it still attracts the music business and arty and fashionable type of guests, as it's not really remotely rock 'n' roll, but the bar prices are very reasonable compared to most London hotels, as are the room rates, which remain the same all year around and they're never sneaky and raise the prices just because there is a special event in town or because it's busy, which is what most hotels tend to do. My room this time was just what I needed - a bed, bathroom and breakfast included. The in-room toiletries are actually very good, too and there are tea and coffee making facilities. This time I just had a single room, bed was very cosy and bathroom was fine. It's no frills and only two stars, but to be honest, it's so much better than any Travelodge or other budget chain hotels I've stayed in and actually cheaper! Breakfast is good and staff are quick and friendly. The location of the hotel is just five minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube and you can walk to Marble Arch and Bond Street and bus stops are just outside the front and Hyde Park across the road.I'll definitely be back in The Columbia. I think it's the best basic, budget hotel in central London and I can't understand why people would complain, so what if it may look a bit old fashioned...? It's fine as it is. It's a basic, no frills hotel but all you need for a good night's sleep and a cooked full English breakfast! There are also rooms available with three or four beds, so it can work out being cheaper than staying in some hostels and guests all get en-suite bathrooms.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Value Charming Hotel - If in need of a little TLC	I stayed here with 8 friends for 1 night. We took 3 triple rooms. All the rooms were spacious and clean and good value. Reception allowed us to check in early as we were seeing an afternoon performance in the west end.This hotel is good value for London and in a great spot for Paddington Station, Hyde Park and the central line. Also ideal if visiting with a large group of friends as it has the option of triple or 4 beds to a room. Whilst the decor could do with a lick of paint in places, and some new soft furnishings, the cleanliness of the rooms, bathroom and the charm of the place couldn't be faulted. If I organise another get together in London again and need a place to stay for one or two night I would consider this place again.	
Aug 27 2009 	It couldn't be better	I stayed at The Columbia a couple of weeks ago with my boyfriend. I booked a double bedroom with continental breakfast included, for 6 days, thru an agency online and checked with them afterwards and they confirmed the booking within the same day. I was terrified as always happens when I travel to London because finding a good and clean hotel is always a challenge. But it couldn't have turned out better.The hotel is within 5-7 mins walking from Lancaster Gate tube St. and 10 mins, from Queensway Tube St., in a corner with Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens in a big square with lots of trees. We arrived late because our plane was delayed but no problem with it; our room was in the 4th floor, right by the main stairs (no worries, there's an elevator). The room was huge compared to London standards with a really big bathroom and three windows, yes three, and a view of Hyde Park. I couldn't believe it.It was clean and neat. Hot water worked properly, we had a medium size flat TV, I really couldn't believe our luck, having found other times some really nasty and not so cheap hotels in London in the same area.Breakfast was realy nice, including coffe or tea, orange juice, toasts, bread and croissants, with butter and marmalade. They have a nice small restaurant with plenty to choose from. Not sure about room service, but I don't think I saw any sings for it.We had no problems at all with it. If I had to say something bad about this hotel would only be one of the receptionists, a girl who, being spanish as I am, knowing that I was spanish, didn't even say a word in spanish to me (I learnt she was spanish because I heard her on the phone) and I just thought it was rude of her; not a big deal but I just didn't like it. The rest of the staff were nice and kind people.I have no idea of the rest of the rooms or if anybody ever had a problem with them but my experience was so good I will surely go back to it when I'm back in London.	
Jul 21 2009 	Not a nice place	I sadly spent one night here in June. The room was small, narrow and the only window looked out onto an airshaft. It was hot and stuffy. The decor was all bargain basement and badly used. The breakfast was decent but not great. I would never stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009	Old-fashioned but good value	Noddy Holder used to live here, apparently. And, like the Slade singer, The Columbia is both good value and very much from the '70s. It's about five minutes' walk from Paddington and is just over the road from Hyde Park. Lancaster Gate tube station is also round the corner, so it's easily accessible.Check-in is straightforward albeit disconcertingly analogue - they don't have a computer system. From the lobby onwards, the whole place has an air of faded grandeur. It clearly hasn't been updated in many, many years (bar the surprising inclusion of flat screen tellies in the rooms).That said, it's cheap, the staff are friendly, and it never seems to get fully booked. For an inexpensive room that's close to Paddington, you can't go far wrong.	
May 4 2009 	Very good	A great hotel. Has the potential to become a 4 star hotel, but work needed to become. Great location. Good size rooms and well utilized . Quiet at night. Only problem with sound are the guests that slam the door in the morning early...uh that's so annoying, I wonder if they do that at home as well.Continental breakfast is OK, I survived 5 days with it. But you can always have the English breakfast if you pay for it. Staff are very nice and helpful and well behaved at the reception and the kitchen. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that likes good price, good location and cleanness.	
Mar 13 2009	I loved this hotel ... it is very good!	I advise this hotel to all who want to spend good moments in London. It 's clean, nice, the best sight and it is very well located... I adored to be in London and spent good moments in this hotel! If you want to spend good moments in London you must choose the Columbia Hotel!I want to thank the sympathy of the staff of the Hotel who always helped us when we needed!	
Mar 5 2009 	Close to the subway next to Hydepark.	Good hotel when you do a London City Trip. Close to Lancaster Gate Central Line underground. Look very nice from the outside but is a bit old inside.. Rooms have TV and free coffee and tea. Breakfast is a mess, Waiters walking around but they done serve you. Only some juice, coffee or team and a sandwich with marmalade. I advise to order a la carte extra eggs, cornflakes. (not the best but its better than sandwich only)Prices in the bar are okay There is a vending machine (Coca Cola for 70p)We had a good stay for our city trip	
Feb 10 2009 	Columbia Becoming An Old Painted Lady	This is the fourth time my wife and I have stayed at the Columbia and the first time we have been disappointed. The location is great, just across from Hyde Park and close to the Lancaster Gate Tube stop on the Central Line. However, the hotel is getting old and badly in need of rehab work. One morning, we heard a dripping sound and discovered that the ceiling was leaking water from the room above. We placed a waste can under the leak (the ceiling looked as if it were about to fall in pieces) and nofified the desk. We were told that the maid would be notified. No apology or recompense. Also we found that the English breakfasts, which we have enjoyed iin past visits, was not up to the Columbia's quality. The eggs were terrible and the toast was dry. On the plus side, the staff was polite (except for the ceiling problem) and accomodating. Sadly, we will not stay at the Columbia again.	
Feb 4 2009 	Noisy floorboards in the corridors and scary elevator	The hotel has an nice charm and the staff is always available, but I preferred walking the stairs because the miniature elevator felt unsafe. The breakfast is mostly toast and jam and tea, if you want a lot more you must pay to get it, and I really would love internet on the room. A lot of the hotel rooms in London are small, so that I kind of am leaving out of this, but I would like the floorboards to hold me up and the corridors to be less claustrophobic. I stayed here two times, but the next time we're going to London we are staying on another hotel, the Columbia hotel is kind of weird with the awkward combo of small and tight spaces and bright, huge rooms.	
Jan 16 2009	Best Vaue in London	This must be the best value hotel in London. Very clean and warm, good sized rooms and bathrooms, pleasant helpful staff. Large dining room with excellent value food. Seperate lounge and bar, both very large and comfortable. Bus stops right outside the door and the underground is only 5 minutes walk. I have stayed in several London hotels both on leisure and business and this is definately the best value you will find in an excellent location.	
Jan 13 2009 	Location is its best point	Hotel is a maze and a little outdated. The building's lifts are the slowest I've seen anywhere. Room was a nice size and had a decent television inside. Room also had a phone but no fridge. Location is perfect; overlooking Hyde park it's far enough from the action to be quiet at night and yet it's only a small walk to Oxford Street. It's also located very close to Paddington Station which is convenient for getting to Heathrow. Breakfast was a let-down; bread, toast and jam with coffee or tea.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Value. Will stay again!	Went through alpharooms n got a really good deal for two people - under £50 on a Saturday night in London booked at last minute including reasonable breakfast. Couldn't fault them. Yes. The hotel is dated. It is a little shabby but really clean and the faded grandure is something that can be seen as part of the experience. Looked for ages to find a hotel in London with good reviews - n the Columbia deserves its rightly. Room was a family room - a double and a single even though we only booked for a double. Bedroom huge - two large windows, dressing table, two chairs, tea n coffee making facilites with plently of milk and biscuits which was a nice touch! (So was free shampooo n shower gel!) Bathroom was big enough to waltz in should you have a mind to. The bath was slightly shallow but plenty of hot water and everywhere was clean. Room nice and warm. Location great - can walk down from Oxford Street via Marble Arch and along the top edge of the park, or get tube to Lancaster Gate only 2 minutes away. Breakfast was continental - toast n croissants n tea and coffee n juice was fine to start the day with. Flat screen tv tuned in to freeview with all channels working (!). Looked after luggage for me while I went out for the day in the lockable storage room...Bed slightly lumpy?Spacious. Great Value. Good Location. Warm room. Nice brekkie. Nice staff. Ever noticed how reviews of hotels in London discuss the accomodation vis a vis you indulging in swinging a cat? Throw all the felines you want! The room'll be big enough for you to have a head start when the enraged kitty attacks you for such behavior...	
Jan 1 2009 	lovely trip	excelent hotel, very clean, rooms with all you need, breakfast normal	
Dec 24 2008 	Negative Experience	The room was small, very old and smelled of mold but quite clean. most basic of furniture; bed was old, the mattress broken and very umcomfortable. The toilette smelled of damp and the shower was very old. There were stains on everything. The towels were changed but did not smell clean. There were tea facilities but we didnt want to risk using them. Breakfast was very poor, just toast and jam. They charged £5.50 on top for a cooked breakfast . There was a big &quot;lounge&quot; next to the reception with old sofa's in, and nothing else. The night porter was unfriendly when I asked some shower gel he said I had to compalin with the maid. The hotel needs a lot of refurbishment but has some positive aspects: it's within walking distance of the underground and in a quite area.	
Nov 29 2008	Recommend	Stopped at the Columbia recently and was very pleased indeed. Was looking originally for an affordable weekend break, when seeing the Columbia cheap prices, especially for London, i was apprehensive to book thinking there must be something wrong with the place. It turned out to be in a exellent location opposite Hyde Park, near too 2 tube stations, clean and warm rooms and pleasant staff. The breaky is alright for the price with the options of reasonably priced extras. The Hotel is very grand, rooms old fashioned fittings, furnishings and decor, although very well maintained, clean and comfortable. Would definatey return, very happy	
Nov 10 2008 	GOOD VALUE FOR LONDON	Enjoyed a 2 night stay at the Columbia where we booked a double and single room for each night for a total bill of 240 POUNDS which included continental breakfast. Handy for the tube and buses the rooms were well appointed and warm. Staff were friendly and we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Clean digs for a low price	Th Columbia is the fine if you don't want luxury. B&amp;B with ensuite bathroom and breakfast for £50-£70 per room. If you're a group it's an absolute steal at £120-£140 for 5It's generally very clean - as clean as a Travel Lodge and the breakfast is OK (it's free compared to the London average of £14.95) so all things considered, for the money it's not that bad assuming you don't mind the dated room decor and the disclaimer for rooms on the upper floors possibly not having hot water (honestly) between 8-11hrs. This has never happened to me as I take a single or double on a lower floor.In summary, would I go there with my wife - no way. Would I go there on a business trip when I'm eating out and just need a place to crash in that part of town? No problem. Like I said it's clean which is more than can be said about some of the 5* hotels I've booked,	
Sep 26 2008 	Good deal for the price	I stayed at the Columbia Hotel for 8 nights, and despite an issue or two, enjoyed my time there. Pros: I was there as a single traveler, and the room would only work for a single person, but in that context, it was well designed. I was able to put everything away and move around fine without running into stuff. My deal included a full breakfast each morning, which was not gourmet, but was a solid meal. The hotel staff was very helpful and polite. The location is directly across the street from the Lancaster gate entrance to Hyde Park, and a short walk from the Lancaster gate underground station. Queensway is 10 minutes or so away in the opposite direction, with any number of places to play, eat, etc.., and I didn't find it dangerous to walk back at night, at least along Baywater road. Cons: The floorboards do creak, and people coming in late or leaving early can make some noise. The elevator is small and slow and if you are trying to take it around 9am, the housekeeping carts being brought upstairs will block your way. If you want a hotel where you can just walk out the door and immediately be in an area with lots of things to do, this is not the place for you. Overall: I don't go to hotels as a destination. I want a clean room, a decent meal, and easy access to the places I'm going to while I'm in the area. This hotel met my demands very well.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Hotel! Do not believe the negative reviews!	I stayed at the Columbia for 4 nights mon to fri with a female friend. We were a bit doubtful about it due the negative reviews we have read but when we got there that all changed! You normally can't get into your room before 2pm but they have a lockable room for you to leave your luggage so you do not have to lug it around with you. Our first impressions were very good, the staff on reception were very friendly and the hotel was very well presented. When we returned later that day to go to our room ( we were on the 2nd floor ) we were told where the lift was and outside the lift was a coke machine. Once in our room we were suprised by the size as we expected it to be small due to previous reviews but it was a good size twin room with 2 single beds, a wardrobe, chest of drawers, dressing table, small side table with 2 tub chairs and tea &amp; coffee making facilities. We had a flat screen tv with freeview and all the channels worked! ( a miracle alone for any hotel! ) The room was very clean &amp; the bathroom a good size &amp; very clean! The only downside was that the shower was very low down on the wall! lol There is a maid service everyday to make the beds and change towels etcThe hotel is literally 5 min walk from lancaster gate tube station with a bus stop outside. Hyde park is facing the hotel and a 15 min walk through it takes you to knightsbridge! On the Tue night we asked reception if there were any nice restaurants near by and was told there were sum a few mins walk away, we walked passed these &amp; found ourselves in paddington which had lots of restaurants to choose from and only took 10 mins to get there. There is a pub just behind the hotel which we didn't discover till near the end of our stay! We both really enjoyed our stay here, there were a few marks on the walls from suitcases etc but that is to be expected. The hotel definately provided value for money and the staff were very friendly &amp; helpful, we did not have breakfast in the hotel so cannot comment on it but a lot of people were having breakfast so that speaks for it's self! I would defintely stay here again &amp; recommend it to my friends!	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice place to stay!	Me and my friend, both 19, stayed in this hotel in July. We stayed there for 3 days.Our room, on the 2nd floor, was nice and clean. The bathroom was clean as well. And staff were friendly.Breakfast was okay as well. But ppl who like to eat more than toast with jam only will have to pay some extra pounds for an English breakfast.The hotel's location is perfect! Not far from the tube and next to Hyde Park. Notting Hill is just a few minutes down the road.We also liked the pub called 'The Swan'. You'll have to cross this pub when going from the tube to the hotel. I recommend the ham with eggs :-)	
Jul 28 2008 	Love this hotel!	This hotel is in such a great location. I was suppose to change hotels during my stay but cancelled the other reservations and stayed here instead. The hotel has energy, a great breakfast, the staff is very friendly! I recommend this hotel to my clients all the time. The tube is just a short jaunt away. The park is right outside the door. Great for singles, families, and budget travelers.The price is amazing. I have started writing a book and I plan to stay here again while I do some research. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND!	
Jul 25 2008 	Sattisfied with this hotel.	Very nice hotel! Clean, centrally situated (near Hyde Park and 500 m from Lancaster Gate tube station. Very close to bus station. Nice stuff. Good breakfast, maby for me to salty and too many eggs (but it's UK ;-) Safety localizated.Not very expensive. 107 GBP for 3 beded room with bathroom, including breakfast.	
Jul 10 2008 	Very nice affordable hotel	Situated very nicely opposite Hyde Park.Busstop in front of the hotel and tube station about 500m away ( central line). Staff at reception and serving breakfast are correct and polite. It's an old building with high ceilings but I found everything clean. Oldfashioned bedrooms but very clean too.Continental breakfast is a bit sober but enough. English breakfast or extra's can be bought. My wife and I really enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Columbia for 6 nights. The room was clean and accommodating. The staff was friendly and helpful at all times. Also, the full English breakfast was delicious, offering a variety of choices. The location of the hotel was convenient for transportation being near Paddington Train station as well as the Lancaster Gate tube stop. We highly recommend staying at the Columbia.	
Jun 23 2008	Fairly nice	This hotel is nice located opposite to Hyde Park and close to the underground at Lancaster gate.The Hotel seemed a bit old. The corridors and the bathrooms in particular could use a restoration.The room was nice and clean but the bathroom was pretty old but functional. The lift seemed as though it soon would get out of order. Not really safe. Then you could use the steps; very cosy british style. There was also a cosy bar. All in all okay.I would recommend that if you will eat breakfast at the hotel then buy english breakfast. Because the continental one was very primitive.The service at the reception desk was very good and friendly.Finally a strange experience: One night at 3 am they had decided to try the fire alarm. perhaps it was a mistake but in any case they couldn't stop it.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great location OK for the money....	The hotel is well situated near Hyde park and Lancaster gate metro station, it takes you 10-15min walking to Oxford street. We booked a double room, it wasnt very big but it was enough, clean and nice.I would strongly recommend this hotel if you are going for a long (shopping) weekend. We didnt taste the breakfast as we didint have it in the offer but there is a very nice bar near by /facing the park/ where you can have a wonderful English breakfast:)Its good for the money, we booked it for less then 100EUR....	
Mar 26 2008 	I would recommend the Columbia.	I'm a single gal and wanted to go on a shopping spree to London for the Easter holidays.My single room was located on the second floor and it was quite small but the bath room was very spacious.Everything was clean and the bed sheets smelt fresh and the bed was very comfortable. No problem with taking a nice hot shower in the morning. There was a modern telly in the room with lots of channels that showed contemporary films and TV series.The room was cleaned every day, the bed was made and the towels were changed.The breakfast was OK, although I'm not that into greasy food in the morning. But gladly they also had serial which was OK for me.The location is very good, near the Lancaster Gate tube station and there's a bus stop right next to the hotel.There's good places to shop and eat on Queensway which is not far.So if you're looking for an inexpensive place to stay with a good location I would recommend this hotel. Just don't expect luxury, the hotel is old and a bit shabby, but it was clean and everything worked and the staff was quite friendly.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great stay at the Columbia Hotel	We just stayed a week at the Columbia and I was slightly worried as to what to expect after reading other reviews, but I am happy to say that it was a very positive experience. It felt like the hotel had done an upgrade since some of the bad reviews below.I can understand when people say the hotel looks somewhat dated, but it is clean and run efficiently. I personally like the period look, the large rooms and high ceilings. We did not meet any rude staff, on the contrary reception and cleaning staff were courteous, helpful and smiling at all times. I had asked for a quiet, spacious, non-smoking room on the 2nd floor facing the park (being aware of the possible low water pressure on the 4th and smoking rooms on the 3rd floors). All my wishes were met. I suggest you call reception directly as I did to be sure your requests are noted.As for breakfast, I guess you get what you pay for? We had English breakfast included in the room price (and the food choices within this option were plentiful, ranging from full English to kippers or porridge). I noticed other diners may not have paid for this in advance and therefore got Continental. Check when you book. Service was quick and polite, even during busy times. The hotel looked to be at full capacity at breakfast, and still I was served a fresh hot meal within 10 minutes.We had a flat screen telly with a multitude of channels. The tea tray was filled and towels changed every day.Yes, the bathroom is avocado green, which brought back fond memories of the 70ies, but everything worked, which in my opinion is more important than style. There are no ice machines as in some modern hotels, but the bartender supplied me with free ice cubes, and always with a smile. For great local restaurants and shops, check out Queensway Street (10 mins walk). You'll find a cosmopolitan mix of food and shops as well as a shopping centre (with an M&amp;S food hall).I would definitely stay at the Columbia again.	
Mar 21 2008	Good value for location	I stayed here while doing a course and booked this for convenience. It was like travelling back in time to the cold war era. This hotel must have been fantastic when it was first built but its grandeur is fading.The decor is late 70s early 80s. I even had an avocado bathroom suite! Having said that the room was clean and warm and there was a flat screen TV with all the channels so it met all my needs. The staff were friendly and I had a good stay.Very good value for the location and if I was looking for a cheap, functional room in a central location then I would stay here again.	
Feb 11 2008	Great Value For Money	Having read some of the negative comments about the Columbia I was extremely worried about what we would find. Our room was huge, extremely clean and with a great view of Hyde Park. The bedroom had tea making facilities, a television with what seemed like a choice of hundreds of free channels, and no problem with hot water as has been previously reported. The location is wonderful and the reception staff are very friendly and did all they could to help us.The room was cleaned every day and the towels changed. English Breakfast was included in our rate and served in the large restaurant on the ground floor - you could eat your way through the menu at no extra cost : fruit, cereal, eggs and bacon etc. Certainly no need for lunch!The hotel is definitely dated, and possibly a bit shabby, but it’s very clean and great value for money. We were at the Columbia for four days and will certainly return - I have recommended it to many friends for an inexpensive stay in Central London..	
Jan 5 2008 	The hotel from hell	Looking for an affordable hotel in London during the christmas-holidays, I was tempted by the inviting and somewhat luxurious exteriors of hotel Columbia. The pictures on the internet were nice, and I found comfort in the fact that the hotel is marketed as a family-run hotel. In fairness it should be said that the hotel has a good location, next to Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate station. However that's pretty much the nicest thing to be said about the hotel. When I and my new girlfriend arrived, we were given *room 222*. Even though the room had no view and the floor was creaky, it seemed okay at first glance. Closing the door, however, it was only a question of minutes before an unbearable heat came over us. Even with a open window, it stayed extremely hot. Toping it off, at 5AM, a big and extremely noisy fan, right outside our window starting spewing out stench of hot food from the kitchen. Adding to that, came the uncomfortable and very creaky bed. Absolutely horrible. Neither of us slept well that night!Confronting the hotel-staff with the problem the next morning, I had to work hard at getting another room. We got 301, which was a lot cooler. The room had a view, but the floor and bed was still creaky.As if this wasn't bad enough, showering became annoying as well. The shower head was not removable or adjustable, fitted for people no higher than 160cm. One really had to kneel down and lean back to get any water at all.There were other issues as well, but I think this will suffice...	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Stay	I had a wonderful experience at this hotel, I do not understand any of the bad reviews! The location was amazing, right opposite Hyde Park and 5 mins on the bus to Oxford Street/Bond Street. I felt safe walking around the area too.The outside appearing was magnificent, very grand and inviting. The reception area was clean and tidy and we checked in with no problems, very polie staff. If you're looking for modern shiny bathrooms and bedrooms, this isn't for you but I love the old fashioned style of the hotel, from the lift to the hallways it was lovely. The room was of a very decent size, beds very comfortable to sleep in. Lots of room to move around, lovely very clean (but green!) bathroom. Best of all a flat screen tv with a very large choice of cable channels. All the usual-such as tea making facilities/hairdryers and soaps and shower gels.The only two bad points I found were: It was quite noisy during the night but this was due to noisy guests and was not the hotels fault! Didn't really disturb our sleep much. Secondly, the breakfast staff were polite enough but the breakfast itself was little more than a roll and 2 bits of toast but it was free!Overall I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It was a fantastic price for it's location and size of room, polite staff (I didn't come across anyone rude at all) and an overall very plesant time. Fantastic location, would recommend this hotel to those wanting to stay in London or go for a night out, no glitz and glamour but perfect for the price!	
Oct 19 2007 	Ok place to stay if you are getting out and about seeing London	This was our second stay at the Columbia and we chose it because of the location and the fact that we had stayed there before. All-in-all it has it's pluses and it's minuses -- the location is fantastic right across from the park and near the tube, it's clean (albeit a little shabby), and having breakfast included is a nice bonus. That said, some of the staff was exceptionally helpful and kind -- especially the young man who runs the hotel bar -- however not all the staff typified his attitude toward customer service. Breakfast is good and the staff there do their best to get you seated and served as efficiently as possible. All that said, it's not a bad place to stay if you are going to be spending a lot of time out and about seeing London. We really had no issues for the most part and would probably consider staying there again in the future.	
Sep 8 2007 	Positive Negative and Some Friendly Advice	Positive* Within 3 short Blocks of the Lancaster Gate Tube Line* Low Cost* Fairly Clean* Across from the Hyde Park on the north middle side* Comes with a good breakfast* The native English staff (small in numbers) are very pleasent and helpfulNegative* The nonenglish staff is unhappy and unhelpful, especially the overnight staff. They have a &quot;chip on their shoulder&quot;* Rooms are small and poorly ventilated. Window opening is very small* Elevator is slow and scarey!!!* If you don't stay on the top floor, the floor squeak a lot* If you stay on the park side - it is very noisey from the traffic and because of the property's trees you do not have a good view of the park.* Do not be surprised if every night there is someone who stumbles down the hall, talking loudly, and having difficulty finding their roomAdvice* Make sure you reconfirm you room before you come. Make sure if you are arriving late that you let them know.* Avoid the non-native staff* Don't drive as there is no parking	
Aug 20 2007 	Basic but cheap	We stayed at The Columbia for just one Saturday night as it was the cheapest hotel I could find at late notice that wasn't described as a 'budget' hotel or a hostel.As with everything in life, you get what you pay for. The Columbia is very dated and in dire need of a makeover. The rooms are on the small side and quite shabby (loved the olive green 1970's bathroom tiles!). The bed was very lumpy and the whole hotel, including the room, had a rather off putting musty smell. There was no airconditioning or even a fan and opening the window allows in the traffic noise from the Bayswater Road. The floors creak and the corridors look like a Russian state run hotel from the communist era! The incusive continental breakfast was minimal (a basket of rolls, jam and butter) but at least the staff were pleasant enough and they refilled out coffee cups).On the plus side it is in a great location, just a short walk to Lancaster Gate tube station with a bus stop outside. It also overlooks Hyde Park, so is good for site seeing. The entrance lobby is deceptively grand and the staff were helpful and polite. The rooms have a flat screen digital TV, but as another reviewer has said, they should have spent the money on basic redecorating instead!I would consider staying at The Columbia again, but only after I had unsuccessfully tried to book elswhere first.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great value for budge travelers	Great value for the price. I stayed in a triple room with two friends (all students) during the summer, and was pleasantly surprised. The Columbia is in a great location near the Tube and Kensington Gardens. The rooms are basic, but clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 31 2007 	Kensington Gardens	Good location walking distance to the underground station and hop on hop off bus stop. Kensington Gardens across the road and good places to eat close by.Our room was smaller than it looked on the internet but had tea/coffee supplied. It was noisy with the window open.Breakfast was great with plenty of variety.Staff were helpful especially night staff. Communication after booking was also excellent and we were sent emails giving us different options and prices for travelling to the hotel from Heathrow.	
May 4 2007 	It was fine for the money	I stayed for 2 nights in early December 2006. For me, it was fine because I really was only there to sleep. The room was very small, but clean. The bathroom was especially clean (which I truly appreciate).When I arrived the lobby and sitting area were kind of grand. My room was on the 4th floor and the floors up there were very creaky.My other complaint was the television channels, there was no cable. So I had this 1970's kind of antenna on my tv and reception of the 4 channel was poor, since I like to watch tv before I sleep.On a better note, my room was quiet. I had a great view of an old church behind the hotel. Again, the room was very clean. The hotel is walking distance to the Tube. The English breakfast was also tasty.Perhaps this hotel wouldn't be the best choice for someone who would be spending an enormous amount of time in their room. But why would you want to do that anyway with all there is to do and see in London!	
Apr 2 2007	not that bad	I was truly scared to stay at this hotel after reading some of the reviews on this website. After staying here, it was not that bad. I have been to London about a dozen times and this hotel was no worse than many others in the same price range. Dingy decor, creaky floors, small (but clean) bathroom, yes... But the people at this hotel were very friendly and it is within walking distance of Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express. In my mind that offsets the ugly bathrooms and bedspreads. If you plan to spend a ton of time in your hotel room you should certainly look elsewhere, but for my purposes it was fine.	
Jan 21 2007	read this honest review	I stayed at the columbia for just one night in january 2007 as i was staying overnight with a large group of friends to see a show. My first impressions of the hotel fromn the lobby were better than expected, with inviting surroundings that seemed clean a nd pleasant. When we were assigned our room key.. we dashed up the many flights of stairs to our room... we entered and i have to say the room was pretty big, however extremely dated. I think the bathroom has been there since the 17th century!! The carpet looked as if it was hiding years of dirt.. however the room was better than expected.However, after viewing several friends rooms(all of these rooms were accomodating 4people, containing 4 single bed) they were ALL half the size of ours. If i had stayed in one of those rooms, this review would be very different. There was abot half a meter befre the bed started and this was the only free space. I would have felt a little chlostrophobic if i was in one of those rooms.Also, we requested a morniong call at reception for 7am, which we faild to get, making us late the next morning.My advice is if you are willing to stay in an average, possibly extremely small and outdated hotel, stay at the columbia, but if you are looking for a more pleasant room with cleam/modern amenities, then look elsewhere. The majority of room i have seen here are very disappointing , and i would certainly not like to bring my children into these.	
Sep 18 2006 	...at least we have a funny story?	My boyfriend and I were en route to a wedding in Scotland, and decided to spend a couple nights in London before our flight to Edinburgh. In the interest of saving money, we opted for a hotel in the &quot;moderate&quot; price category. I have NO idea what the standard room quality is in London at this price range, but I would rather mortgage the house than find out by taking a second stab at it.We'd gotten the advice to stay there from a friend who said that The Columbia had &quot;faded glory&quot; but it was &quot;the hotel where a lot of bands used to stay while on tour through London.&quot; I believe he told a story about one of the boys in Oasis throwing a TV out of the window?! ANYWAY, we figured it would be like a Best Western with old bones. You know, clean, adequate with some crown moulding and a staff with charming accents. Ha!For starters, our room was uncomfortably tiny. Now, I know that city hotels are small. I've stayed in New York and San Francisco often enough to have made peace with that fact. The end of our bed was like 1.5 feet from the wall, which was sort of funny.Less funny was the fact that the bathroom door actually hit the toilet when you opened it -- it was impossible to fully open it. Speaking of the bathroom; dingy green tub, sink, toilet. The tub had rust on the exterior. It was dark and smelly moldy. I didn't even want to leave my toothbrush out overnight, for fear that it would fall onto the floor and be rendered unusable. The lighting was dim. I don't know whether or not to feel grateful for this fact--I'm sure there were vast patches of mold and human-sized bacteria cultures hiding in the shadows.The bed. Ouch. Springs in the back. The sort of bedspread that makes one shudder--threadbare &amp; faded. Thankfully, we'd left the Luminol &amp; black light back in the States or we'd surely have run screaming into the streets.No drawers. A chipboard &quot;armoire&quot; for storing one's clothes. The room was stuffy. At least the window opened and let some fresh air circulate.After our long flight from Los Angeles, all we wanted was a place to rest for a minute. Instead, we felt compelled to stay away from the hotel room every waking minute. Which prolonged our tiredness and we both ended up cranky &amp; bickering for our 2 days in London. Sure we saw the sights. But it's pretty sad to admit that I felt happier in The Tube than in the room, and by the time we got to Scotland I was so exhausted I nearly wept when I saw our fabulous room there.	
Sep 3 2006 	Can do better	My partner and i stayed for only four nights, but we really couldn't wait to leave. The hotel we had booked didn't have a room for us anymore so they transferred us to the Columbia. We stayed here during the heat wave in London, and there was no air-con in our room at ALL! The room was the smallest and most out-dated room i have ever stayed in. However the location was good, with tube/bus stations in walking distance and the staff at the front desk were nice as well. (Didn't think much of the staff in the breakfast room, like someone else said they didn't seem to know how to say &quot;Good morning&quot;).Over all i think you can get better value for your money somewhere else. We will not be staying here again.	
Jul 25 2006	All in all a great experience	My traveling companion and I spent eleven nights at The Columbia. The room was very clean ( but smelled of cigarette smoke) the bathroom was immaculate with plenty of hot water.The dining room staff was friendly and efficient. We looked forward to our daily breakfasts.The rest of the hotel staff was also efficient but a bit on the cold side (they cannot seem to say &quot;good morning&quot;).We both agree that The Columbia will be our hotel for our future London vacations.	
Feb 10 2006	Probably my worst hotel stay	I stayed at the Columbia with my husband and two small girls in January 2006, paying 113 pounds per night for a family room with full breakfast. On the outside, it is a very quaint and appealing building, however, the room was the worst I've stayed in. The dated nature of the really enormous family room didn't bother me--even the puke green porcelain in the bathroom and the dark carpeting, suspiciously concealing years of dirt. I had heard it's hard to get value for your money in London, so I didn't fret it. It was even bearable when, at 2am, we learned that the hotel TURNS OFF THE HEAT AT MIDNIGHT--yes, completely off. To the staff's credit, they were quite accomodating in bringing a space heater. What really got under my skin was the MOLD EVERYWHERE in the bathroom and the accompanying smell. It was on the ceiling, along the top two feet of all four walls, under the linoleum near the toilet--and not just a few spots. When I brought it to the hotel staff's attention, they offered to move us, but ALL the rooms they let me visit had at least some mold. I closed the door to the bathroom each night to limit the exposure to the mold and I happily bid good riddance when we left. Unfortunately, the professionalism shown by the staff could not outweigh the mold in the room. Do some research and choose more wisely. There are better options for the money.	
Oct 12 2005	Could do better	Good location on the northside of Hyde Park, convienient to transportation, buses and Lancaster Gate Tube. Stayed there Sept 16 - 20, had two adjoining rooms facing Hyde Park one for myself &amp; my husband and one for two teenage children. Very dated rooms not too bad size for London, bathrooms decent size but don't look like they've been updated since the '50s. My Husband and I had booked a double room for ourselves but were given 2 single beds. My kids had the sound of running water constantly (&amp; loudly) through the wall next to their heads. The place is over heated and quite stuffy even though the weather was reasonably mild. The English breakfast, included, was terrible - the worst we had in Europe and some of the serving staff were not friendly or polite at all. Overall I think for the same price you could do better. Would probably not return unless there was no other option.	
Aug 9 2005	Been there twice and Loved it	I've stayed in this hotel twice with my wife and we both loved it. The Hotel is old and it has lovely old english atmosphere. When you sign in you write your name in the hotel book. And it is a REAL big old book. They do have a computer, but i suppose it is for decoration or something.Rooms are not too big but not too small either. And the bathroom has been big enough both times we've been there. And the rooms has always been clean. Breakfast room is enourmous and the staff has traditional black dresses when they serve your tea. I think this is a great hotel if you don't want to pay too much.	
Jul 11 2005	very nice stay	We just returned from a 4 day stay at the Columbia. We had a 3 person room on the third floor looking out at Hyde Park. The room was very big. Enough space for us, 2 adults, 1 child and a baby. The hotel provided a baby cot which was in good condition.Bathroom was fine. No problems with flushing or hot water. The children liked the bath which we don't have at home.The continental breakfast was fine but basic. The staff were friendly.The breakfast room and lounge are huge. And it wasn't a problem that the children were running around and playing.The location is very good. A very big park with playground right at the doorstep. Close to Lancaster Gate tube station and busstops. Overall we had a very pleasant stay there and we will certainly stay again.	
Jun 1 2005	We Would Return	The hotel is easy to find and very convenient to both Paddington and Lancaster Gate Underground stations. When we arrived we were thankful that they allowed us to check in early (around 9:00 or 10:00 a.m.). Our room was very small but clean. There was no air conditioning and the room was stuffy even for what was a relatively cool day (around 60 degrees Fahrenheit). This made us wonder what the room would be like on an even warmer day.The bathroom was tiny but clean. Soap, but no shampoo. No wash cloths.The problem with room #222 was that the vent from the kitchen was right outside the window. The smell was very strong. I was a little nauseous so it was really a problem. I went back down to the reception desk and told them our problem. Fortunately they were very understanding and had a different room available.The second room was much better. A view onto the street and a very large, handicapped accessible bathroom. It was difficult to maintain the water temperature in the shower, but we never ran out of hot water.Paint was peeling off the very high ceiling and everything from the furniture to the bedspreads was very, very old. The room smelled of lemon scented cleaner which did a good job of masking the lingering scent of a room that has seen many travelers year-after-year-after-year. Not exactly the Four Seasons but clean and nice to return to after running around the city all day long.The free English breakfast was good. Eggs and bacon, cereal, toast, juices and tea. If you need to use the hotel's only iron and ironing board, be prepared to leave a 20 pound deposit.	
Apr 19 2005	good location but...	Good location on the northside of Hyde Park, convienient to transportation, buses and 3 blocks from Lancaster Gate Tube. Stayed there March 26 and 27, had two adjoining rooms facing Hyde Park for my wife and two teenage children . Room size ok, a little narrow, bathrooms decent size with tub and shower. The place is old and has &quot;that smell&quot; which is hard to describe, not pleasant, and which I have found in other older hotels and B &amp; Bs in Great Britain. The English breakfast, included, was a bit of a disapointment, you would think they would give you more than one egg! Don't bother with a wake up call the first one they called an hour late with apologies and the next night got a wake up call at 3:30 am when none was asked for. When we checked out to go to Paris for four days we cancelled the balance of our stay at the Colombia from March 31 to April 4. Knowing that renting a room, sight unseen is a risk no matter how many reviews you may find, I had booked, as a backup, two double rooms on Lastminute at the Dolphin Square Hotel (highly recommended) at essentially the same price, $150.00 USD @ night	
Oct 5 2004	Great staff nice location!	The Columbia is in a great location with easy access to the tube and buses to see everything you want to see in London. Lots of good restaurants and Hyde Park are in easy walking distance. The Columbia's staff was really great and kept us plied with drinks at the hotel's bar late into the night. Rooms are small but comfortable and are a good bargain for the price.	
Jul 14 2004	location locationlocation	Stayed at the Columbia for a week. Faded glory but we had a huge room, great view. Loved the fact that at the end of a busy day we could just walk across the street to Hyde Park / Kensington Park and stroll around, relax and unwind.Biggest complaint - the breakfast room staff. Never a smile or a greeting .... grumps ... all of them, with the exception of one older woman who always sang softly to herself. They seemed to wish to be anywhere else but there &amp; made you feel that you wish they were elsewhere, too. Other wish .... we had a beautiful carved marble fireplace surround in our room which desperately needed someone to clean it and return it to its original beauty. Stay there again? You bet.	
Jul 4 2004	Hated the Columbia	We stayed at the Columbia in June, 2004, found the rooms very small and stuffy, no fans. No washcloths, no ice and the breakfast is nothing to rave about. I found it very expensive for what they had to offer and would not stay there again.	
Jun 17 2004	Good central location nice place	On the numerous occasions are family stayed at The Columbia we were never disappointed. True, it is not the Ritz but we were treated with great respect, the food was wonderful, service was great. The location for us was great! We recommend The Columbia House to everyone going to London! 	
May 19 2004	great location	I stayed in the Columbia from May 11th-16th. The staff was fairly friendly. Rooms were small but very clean. Close to a tube station and in walking distantance to pubs, restaurants, parks and shopping. Only complaint is that the mattress in the room where I stayed wasn't the most comfortable...	
May 6 2004	Would definitely stay here again.	When the price was so reasonable for a London hotel, I was a bit leary of what we would find when my mother and I stayed at The Columbia, but we were pleasantly surprised. Yes, the place definitely has an air of faded glory, but the room was huge, clean and had a beautiful view of the park. The location is wonderful, the staff was friendly and helpful and I can't say enough about the breakfast which was included in the price of the room. If you are looking for a shiney, modern hotel, this is not the place for you, but I would most definitely stay here again, and have recommended it to friends.	
Apr 10 2004	What pop groups ?	I must be blind and deaf.... as during the three visits I have made to the Columbia Hotel in the past year I did not see nor hear any signs of pop groups, bands, or rock'n'rollers. Other appraisals are correct in saying the hotel is straight out of the 50's, and the term &quot;faded elegance&quot; comes to mind, but the rates really are cheap - for London that is. Others complain about no air conditioning, or poor telvision reception, but for what you pay at the Columbia you cannot expect Hilton facilities. If you are looking for a clean, cheap, place to stay at night while you spend you days exploring London, this is THE place for you. If you are one of those who are impressed by lots of extra niceties at a hotel... or if you are used to American hotel standards.... stay elswhere.	
Feb 20 2004	Great place for families	We stayed at the Columbia in June of 2003 and had a wonderful experience. Yes, the decor is dated and the place is showing wear around the edges, but the location for this price is incredible. We had a quad room and it was HUGE and quite comfortable with windows overlooking Hyde Park. We thought the big English breakfasts were great and so filling we only ate out once a day. The staff was unfailingly helpful. If this was or is a wanna-be rock star hangout we saw no signs of it. During our 6 night stay it was very quiet. I can't say enough about the location, especially if you're travelling with children. Hyde Park is literally at your doorstep. My children loved having a long walk there every day and seeing the horseback riders, Kensington Palace, the rowboats. And they adored the delightful Princess Diana playground as well as tea and scones at the lovely Orangery Tearoom by the palace. There are tube and bus stops steps from the hotel. We got a London Pass which also included a pass for public transport and had no trouble zipping around the city. There's a lovely place for gelato a few blocks down toward Notting Hill that drew long lines in the evening. This also became a daily stop for us. This hotel is not pristine, fancy, or modern, but it's a great base for touring London with children at an affordable price.	
Jan 27 2004	Always wondered who those families were in the morning		
Dec 31 2003	Roughing it like ...a rock star?		
Aug 18 2003	Thought the Columbia was fine too		
Aug 8 2003	The Columbia is just fine		
Jul 29 2003	Shocked at the condition of the hotel		
Jun 9 2003	Very Disappointing		
Jun 6 2003	Loved walking in Hyde Park		
Dec 31 2002	An enjoyable stay		
Dec 25 2002	Wonderful Location		
Aug 13 2002	Great Rock n Roll Hotel		
Nov 16 2009 	Buon hotel per visitare Londra!		
Nov 5 2009 	Très correct pour le prix		
Oct 19 2009 	pas mauvais		
Sep 27 2009 	archi nul		
Aug 29 2009 	hôtel ok		
Jun 3 2009 	gutes Preisleistungsverhältnis sehr gute Lage		
May 5 2009 	perfetto!		
Apr 28 2009 	Buen hotel para bajo presupuesto		
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Feb 26 2009 	große Zimmersuper lage guter Preis für den man aber nicht zuviel erwarten darf		
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent séjour		
Dec 16 2008 	Perfecto para el precio		
Aug 29 2008 	Hotel très correct		
May 1 2008 	bastante bien		
Mar 31 2008 	content		
Dec 30 2007 	très sympa		
Oct 16 2007 	No vuelvo ni en sueños...		
Nov 7 2006	Está bien para lo que suele ser el Londres		
