	What an excellent hotel !	We stayed at the Egerton for our anniversary.. and it couldn't have been more perfectThe hotel is excellent and the staff couldn't do more for us.All my expectations were well exceeded..	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Find Convenient location nice atmosphere very expensive phone calls though	I had stayed at the hotel in the past and have been very satisfied. the rooms are nice and comfortable. Great location near Harrods, nice staff. Fun bar (great for nightcaps). Good breakfast buffet. Free Wifi (in room too). The bed is very comfortable, nice touches include lighted candle at night in rrom, adequate lighting (although bedlights could be improved). I was very disappointed by the charges of 3 pounds per call from the room phone, for any outside call (even if tool free, free phone or credit card call). This is not clearly advertised, and in any event is a vastly excessive charge. For instance, if you make 10 external calls and you bill them to your telephone card, you will still pay 30 pounds to the Hotel, plus the actual call charges. Use skype or your cell phone instead!	
Nov 6 2009 	A wedding night in heaven	We originally planned to just have a special wedding 'high tea' at this hotel, but based on their fantastic service and friendliness we decided to spend our wedding night there. It was one of the biggest highlights of the day. (Apart from the &quot;i do's&quot; of course)The hotel staff is beyond fantastic. We came back to a hotel room covered in rose pedals and tea lights. The rooms are beautiful and every detail is considered. Every one (without exception) of our guests that was with us at the high tea commented on how amazing the hotel was and how friendly everyone there is. My husband and myself have already decided instead of anniversary gifts we will spend our wedding anniversary night in this hotel every year.	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfect Location But Tiny Room	Staying at this hotel is like being in a private residence just steps from the main street where you'll find Harrod's, the Victoria and Albert Museum, et. al. And the staff couldn't be better. However, the room we had was tiny. Since it wasn't the cheapest room, we were a little surprised. There was really no room to walk from the bed to the closet. For your clothes, there were a few of the narrowest drawers that you might put handkerchiefs in plus a few shelves that were unreachable unless you stood on a chair. The room would be OK for solo business travelers, which the hotel seemed to attract. If I were going to London alone, this would be the perfect hotel. You would feel comfortable eating alone or having a drink alone at the charming bar. And the staff is wonderful beyond words.Now, if they could only make those rooms a bit larger...	
Sep 25 2009 	Best staff of any hotel we've had the pleasure to visit!!	My wife and I just finished a weeks stay at the Edgertown House Hotel. The physical plant of the hotel itself is superb. The public areas are beautifully decorated and very functional. Our room was also very tastefully decorated, comfortable and equipped with all of the amenities. That said, however, the most salient feature of this hotel is the outstanding staff. We had stayed in many fine hotels and resorts but I would have to say that the staff at this hotel are the best we have ever encountered. It is obvious that the management here strives to select staff members who truly care about their guests. Each of the staff persons we encountered went out of their way to welcome us, make us comfortable during our stay and to assist us, in every way, in making our trip to London a wonderful experience.	
Sep 22 2009 	EGERTON HOUSE EXCELLENT IN EVERY WAY	My recent three night stay at the Egerton House Hotel was exceptional in every way. The staff are incredibly professional, positive, dedicated and hard-working. They deal with a very difficult airline for three days to help retrieve my baggage. This allowed me to see what I could of London. The food is exceptional and the room and dining room service is excellent. The bedroom was spacious; the bathroom a joy in space and amenities. The Egerton is within walking distance of much of London or a very short taxi away from other districts. The staff are attentivew without being intrusive. They made my Red Carnation Hotel stay perfect in every detail...I consider the Egerton House Hotel my 'home' in London, UK.	
Sep 13 2009 	WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the wonderful Egerton in September we had a room on the 3rd floor, the room was traditional in Style but the Hotel is very 21st century. The service is wonderful, staff are efficient and friendly. We were made to feel at home and they looked after us so well that we were sad to leave.We recommend this fantastic hotel to anyone who appreciate over and above a good service, attention to detail and glamorous 5*+ surroundings in one of the best parts of London!	
Sep 4 2009 	Superb Hotel Superb Staff and Superb Location	This is by far one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at, and as a seasoned traveller I would definitely recommend this hotel.The decor is sumptuous and our room was absolutely beautiful and very comfortable. But best of all, the staff and service is truly outstanding. Everyone was genuinely friendly and so helpful with their recommendations for day trips out, getting taxis, making restaurant reservations. I really value great service above anything else, but here you have both. We will definitely come back to this hotel on our next trip to London. I cannot fault it. I rarely write reviews but our stay here was so great I feel compelled to share this.... Oh and make sure you have the afternoon tea! It's a must.	
Aug 26 2009 	Rip-off...	Like somebody else said, how did this get in as nr. 1 in London??Yes, its great location, good service and so on. But here are the catches:- STIFF price for extremly small rooms (250 £ per night), and we went for the middle size..- The cleaning crew left our garbage for 3 days; noe trash bin was cleaned out, champagne and glasses that was 3 days old wasn't taken away, fruit for 3 days was just sitting there with small flies over it- They removed the headcover to the bathtub, and I wouldn't have normally expected it, but when we first got it, I didn't expect them to take it away- The breakfast room is so small it was hard not to get claustrophobic. The waiter forgot about us the first day, and we just sat there. And we were in a hurry.. PS. The waiter wasn't there....- When you are welcomed and shown the room, our concerigies was not very warm, but more superficial and you could really feel he was just saying the things he had been thought, but didn't care for it at all.. That was a big disappointment- Stiff prices for the pay tv (even though the room is VERY overprized)They gave us a champagne as a greeting when we arrived, due to engagment, that was very nice! But, overall, I want my money back...	
Aug 3 2009 	A little gem in Knightsbridge that I highly recommend	I'm not usually one to write reviews, but the Edgerton House Hotel in Knightsbridge really is something very special. I live in Australia and am a seasoned traveller and as a result of my occupation I travel internationally on a regular basis and stay in many beautiful hotels. The hotel was recommended to my partner and I by friends and I must say this glamorous little hotel had the biggest personality and charm by far of any hotels I have stayed at! The tiniest details were really thought of from the beautiful fabric wall cover, marble bathroom and white orchids. We had everything we could possibly need, the staff were very friendly and professional and most importantly helpful. Nothing was ever trouble and they went out of their way to tend our every need. It would have been lovely to spend another week as we really did thoroughly enjoy it. We will definitely come back in the future and highly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Aug 3 2009 	Efficient and excellent	I recently discovered the Egerton, the location is superb and the hotel is beautiful, it is charming and the rooms are nicely decorated. But I am here to tell you about the staff and the service. It is and deserves to be NO1. friendly, efficient and consistent, they took care of all my requests and made my stay comfortable and memorable.I returned to my company and ask them to recommend this hotel to all of our colleagues and will recommend it to anyone! I look forward to returning in September.	
Aug 1 2009 	Don't know how the Egerton got to #1 on Trip Advisor	I was completely misled by the Reservation staff (Yorrick). I was promised the best suite in the hotel. Two bedrooms with ONE toilet, not pleasant with two teenagers. When I asked Reservation why they didn't inform me about the toilet, they said that &quot;it was not their job to make people aware of the negative aspects of the accomodation&quot;. I was due to spend the last night of our European holiday in London and cancelled the Egerton and stayed at 47 Park Street. It was similarly priced and litorally, 10 times as nice. I would highly recommend the latter hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Travel with my family	My wife, daughter and i recently stayed at the wonderful Egerton, each time we come to London. We stay there, the service is exceptional, consistent and the staff are simply wonderful and friendly, it is a truly remarkable hotel. Thank you Egerton for always making our London trip a memorable one!We will see you soon and recommend you to everyoneOzlem-Canan-Atacan	
Jul 30 2009 	Briliant Staff beautiful Hotel	I recently stayed at this Beatiful hotel with my girlfriend, This was on first time as two young adults staying in London.The hotel is not only beautiful, but the staff are lovelly and extrenly friendly.Everyone looked after us and spoiled us.Wonderful , Wonderful, Wonderful.........	
Jul 30 2009 	A luxurious haven with staff that make you feel like family	Both myself and my wife have stayed in many hotels around the world but we have yet to be made feel more welcome or more comfortable than we were here. None of the stuffiness you would expect of a hotel of this calibre, the place oozes charm, the staff go out of their way to help you and think of what you might need before you do. The candlelit turndown of our room at night was so thoughtful and the bar with Antonio at the helm has a mix of locals and guests that is always entertaining. This hotel is the complete opposite to box chain hotels and our king sized bedroom with original high ceilings was perfectly turned out. If staying in an 18th Century townhouse, in an aristocratic neighbourhood where your every wish is taken care of quickly and efficiently and above all with charm, then this is the place for you. We will definitely be back.	
Jul 23 2009	Great hotel but ....	I chose this hotel because of it's No1 ranking on Trip Advisor. My expectations were therefore very high. Yes the service is wonderful, and the bed fantastic, and the attention to detail superb. And the hotel did give us access to our room at 7.30 am, for which we were very grateful. BUT there are some issues - whilst in a quiet street, you do get some traffic noise from 6am from Brompton Road, though the person taking my booking assured me that there was no traffic noise ( please note that I am particularly sensitive to noise) My daughter could not unpack her bag, as the cupboard space was small (though this may not be the case in other rooms, though we had one of the largest rooms); you could hear the people walking in the room above and the people watching TV in the room next door ( though they were reprimanded by the staff as the volume was on extremely high )...and finally the bathroom shower ( shower in bath) is not the best . Having said all of this we did have a wonderful stay at the hotel - and I would recommend it for its location, bed and service.	
Jul 19 2009 	Magic Martini Superb Singing Spectacular Service and a Stunning Hotel	My wife and I enjoyed two nights at the Egerton House Hotel on 16th &amp; 17th July. Although we arrived late our welcome was wonderful and we were shown to our room (43).The room is one of the smaller ones in the hotel but offered plenty of room for our cases, work items etc and most importantly enough space to get ready and relax.The décor is stunning, designed to the highest quality and very tasteful. The bathroom was full of Penhaligon products, soft towels, slippers and robes.We ordered room service and enjoyed calamari (7/10) and rump steak (10/10).Next morning we had a breakfast meeting and were looked after by super efficient staff. By super efficient I mean we didn’t have to wait for plates to be cleared, teapots to be refreshed or food to be served. It just happened with grace and style – very nice.We worked outside of London for the day and arrived back just in time for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I could write pages about the experience in The Egerton bar but let’s just say it’s worth a stay just to experience Antionio and his ‘performance’!Enjoying a Gin &amp; Tonic and a beer was fun but the real show began a little later when we went back to back to the bar for a pre dinner Martini.We met with two friends, found a corner in the exquisite lounge, Anotino arrived and the show began. I say show because this is no normal Martini experience. I’ll leave it there because like a film review you don’t want me to reveal the plot but I’d give the performance an Oscar (and you couldn’t drink more than one!).Then just when we thought it couldn’t get better we were introduced to Alex. He was known to us as the very polite and efficient young man who checked us in the night before. But for five minutes he left his post came over to our table and sang – and boy can he sing. His operatic performance was extraordinary – shivers down my spine and open mouthed stunned responses from our guests.We enjoyed dinner at a restaurant a few minutes away (there a dozens on the doorstep) before heading back to the bar for a night cap – or two.Saturday morning breakfast was relaxed and with the service open until 11 there was no hurry (we were still sat with papers and coffee at 11.45). Our stay was completed with a visit to the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum which is only a five minutes walk from the hotel. At the time of writing Edgerton House is the No1 Hotel in London on Trip Advisor – well deserved and well judged.	
Jul 15 2009 	Absolutely wonderful hotel!	I've visited many luxury hotels through my line of work, and must say that the Egerton House Hotel is by far one of the best! The rooms have incredibly charming decor and are quite comfortable and spacious for a boutique hotel. But what really stands out are the employees and level of service. I traveled with six other family members who all arrived at the hotel on different days. Though we were all first-time visitors, the front desk staff welcomed us as if we were regular guests. Each staff member went out of their way to help answer any questions we had and assist with anything we needed during our stay. We adore Beatriz! Don't forget to visit Antonio in the bar - his martinis are not to be missed!Thanks to the wonderful staff for taking such great care of us!	
Jul 14 2009 	An excellent hotel with great staff and attentive service.	The Egerton House Hotel is a hotel that we use regularly when staying in London. The staff and service is fantastic and I regularly recommend this hotel to friends, colleagues and business associates.	
Jun 30 2009 	London at it's best	We just spent ten days there the second time and it was delightful.Leaving with hugs from the wait staff made one think of childhood at my aunts.Pampered, is the one word that best describes our stay.Celebrated our fiftieth anniversary with our son and grandsons.	
Jun 29 2009 	Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough	I recently stayed here with my partner to celebrate our engagement. The hotel was beautiful - lovely room, lovely atmosphere. We were greeted very warmley at the reception and shown round the hotel in a friendly but relaxed way,. We were given afternoon tea which was fantastic, a free drink in the bar and then bottles of water when we left on the sunday morning to get us through the day.Could not have a better time if we had stayed anywhere else, a lovely place with fantastic staff.	
Jun 29 2009 	Thank you Egerton House Hotel!	The fact that I have lived in this building for 3 years and can't tell you the name of my doorman but I can name two managers, Sandra and Murat. As well as the personal favorite of my sons and father, Antonio, the barman should tell you something. This is a truly five star experience delivered with the friendly smile at every turn. We did not know London at all, and they were helpful from beginning to end. I cannot thank you enough for making our stay with you guys so enjoyable.	
Jun 26 2009 	Fantastic Little Hotel in London	I used Trip Advisor to search for hotels in London and came across this one. It absolutely surpassed our expectations. Rooms are beautiful, extremely clean, bathroom is great size and very functional and decor is fantastic. Location is wonderful. Very close to Khnightsbridge, yet in a very nice quiet little street. We took a package that included afternoon tea and it was stunning. The afternoon tea and little bar are probably the best I have ever been to. Staff is friendly and ready to help you with anything you need (tickets, taxis, etc.). We had a great time and would definitely come back to this hotel next time we are in London.	
Jun 20 2009 	We've found our hotel in London!	Every year for the past 14 years my husband and I have traveled to London on business,mixed with leisure. We've only stayed at the same hotel twice(and the last time the hotel had gone down) Last fall we stayed at the Egerton. What a fabulous hotel! Everything was perfect--the personable staff, the tasteful rooms,the service and of course, Antonio's martinis! It's in a very nice and convenient area. We've already booked our stay again this fall. At last we've found &quot;our place&quot;.	
Jun 7 2009 	Just Perfect	My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Egerton House. The stay was just perfect. The room wasEuropean small but not tiny. The furnishings were elegant and the service was impeccable. The staff could not do too much. Don't miss the delicious breakfast. Plenty to do in the area, walk to the V&amp;A Museum and Harrods. This hotel was beyond our expectations.	
Jun 2 2009 	Wonderful stay at wonderful venue	Excellent weekend stay at this beautiful hotel in the heart of London. The staff were superb and Antonio's Martini's were out of this world! I would highly recommend looking out for this hidden gem.	
Jun 1 2009 	Your own personal luxurious London mansion....	Spent a couple of days at the Edgerton House hotel. It was fabulous. one of the best locations in London - it feels like you are in the country, but still a stone's throw from Harrods. The staff are wonderful - always attentive and friendly. The hotel is small and cosy and has the atmosphere of a (very luxurious) private home. I will definitely be back!	
Mar 26 2009 	One of the great hotels of London	This place is a must. It's small and rooms are by no means spacious. But the service is top notch. Teh bartender makes great drinks. You have such a great location yet it's quiet and peaceful. It's not cheap. But it's worth the money. The front desk couldn't have been more helpful. We shipped our golf clubs to the hotel and then up to Scotland and they organized everything with a smile. One of the few hotels we have stayed at where I couldn't think of one thing that wasn't perfect.	
Mar 25 2009 	Lovely stay! Excellent hotel!	I just spent the weekend at the Egerthon house hotel with my girlfriends and we certainly recommend the hotel to everyone.Mr. Conradie, the head concierge, had booked for us in advance musical tickets and a nice restaurant for the Saturday evening. The staff was wonderful and kind. Our deluxe rooms had a lots of space and the beds were fabulous. We of couse tasted the famous martinis that they make in the cosy bar. Our weekend was wonderful and this hotel will be our address for the next London trip as well. All great shopping and Harrods were just 5 minutes from the hotel.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent Service from a Friendly Staff	We have now stayed twice at the Egerton House. It did not surprise me to learn that a large percentage of its customers are repeat business. The location is central (close to two tube stops on different lines) and within a few blocks of major shopping and museum attractions. But what makes the Egerton so good is its wonderful, friendly, dedicated staff. The hotel has only 20 something rooms so the staff quickly learns your name and is eager to help in making arrangements, giving advice and directions and getting you a drink or a cup of tea. The martinis made by Antonio the bartender are as good as everyone says. But even better is the feeling that you are staying at a home rather than a hotel. My partner and I are picky hotel consumers. We have been delighted with the Egerton and look forward to returning there. It is pricey, but if you can splurge it is worth it.	
Mar 2 2009 	Superb experience	I've been at Egerton for a whole week in business, and it was a s-u-p-e-r-b experience. A truly home away from home. Professional and amazing staff, excellent location, rooms are warm, comfortable, incredible mattresses (I have a neck hernia and for the first time in weeks I did not wake up with pains). The bathrooms are spacious an luxurious, the shower is powerful and the little touch of the candle by the bath tub in the evening for a relaxing bath was just great. You can say the bathroom is deeply cleaned every time housekeeping comes to make up your room. Not a single plate, glass, towel, carpet had a spot. The kitchen is remarkable as well. From breakfast to sandwiches, salads, all freshly and lightly prepared, being in London, a city with great restaurants, we just ate at the hotel almost every night because the food, the service and the atmosphere were just perfect. Antonio at the bar is a truly entertainer, he is incredible, always happy, never forgets an order while selecting great music we all appreciated.Free wi-fi in all hotel. And if you love shopping Harrods is just steps from Egerton.I’m a travel agent who had been to many many hotels in the world, and I can assure you I almost felt sad when I left Egerton. It was the best choice I made in years. Thank you Sandra. Will recommend Egerton always and I cannot wait to come back. Choose Egerton without doubts!	
Mar 1 2009 	Happy Happy Happy	My wife and I spent Valentines weekend here and have to say everything was perfect.The staff at receiption were fantastic. I particularily liked the way they rang a couple of days before I arrived to check if there was a restaurant or show we would like to book.The room was perfect, the late check out fantastic. I also really enjoyed a nightcap in the bar and meeting the barman is a must.	
Jan 28 2009 	Egerton Paradise	For our first time in London, we have stayed at the Egerton House Hotel, a luxury hotel nearby to Museums, Harrods, and Hyde Park Corner.The staff was very friendly and helpful and our room was absolutely stunning! We really love this small cosy hotel, we even spent one day staying in (famous London’s weather is not a myth), but it was one of the best days for us in England! We enjoyed Wall-E on TV with delicious popcorn (unfortunately bought this DVD day before, didn’t know they have all last movies on TV), fantastic Bellini’s in the bar and huge Club Sandwich in our room. I recommend this hotel to everyone who plan to have first class service stay in London!!!We can't wait to come back in our second English home!	
Jan 4 2009	A Christmas to be remembered	As the title says it all, this was certainly one of the most unique and pleasant experiences we've enjoyed so far. We've been guests at many of London's most popular hotels however none compared to the Egerton's perfection in every aspect of it's accommodation and service.From the moment my partner and I met Graham, the butler who collected our luggage from the car, we knew that our stay was going to be amazing; and we indeed were swept off our feet throughout the entire journey. From the bar's cosy yet jazy atmosphere to the room's sublime design, we were short for words. The reception staff were very attentive to all of our needs and marvelled us with Christmas gifts on the 25th!!! We were recommended to dine at the Cheneston's restaurant at the Milestone Hotel, which is part of their collection, and were treated like royalty.Overall, this was simply amazing and we shall not fail to return very soon to celebrate our anniversary. To the staff of the Egerton: Thank you ever so much for this experience and we hope to see every single one of you very soon!	
Dec 28 2008 	A birthday treat	Amazing hotel. I took my fiance there for her birthday. The staff were extremely welcoming and friendly. The room was clean and luxurious. I recommend a visit to the hotel bar where we were treated to some excellent cocktails and delicious snacks from the bar tender. I arranged for some romantic treats to be delivered to the room which all arrived on time and to a great standard. Cant wait to visit again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Sumptuous Stay in Knightsbridge	We arrived out of the freezing cold rain into the sumptuous Egerton House Hotel, where the reception area had a wonderful blazing fire burning in the grate. The receptionist was so welcoming and wafted us upstairs into a gorgeous room, just stuffed with furniture. It was amazing! We felt so cossetted. There were gorgeous chocolates awaiting us, and a copy of the Evening Standard. We went downstairs for a pre dinner drink and the drawing room also had a roaring fire. We ordered martinis, to kick start our evening out, and they have got to be the best we have ever tasted!We went out to a big event, and a 'butler' hailed a cab and made it all seem so easy, being in the big city. When we returned later, we slept so well in the big cosy bed, it was bliss. The next morning we awoke to birds singing - we hadn't realised there was a private garden and our room looked out onto it. We went downstairs for a piping hot cooked breakfast, served by a smiling waiter. I must say the whole experience was superb. We don't get up to London very often, but I want to come more often now I've discovered The Egerton House.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great London Hotel	We have stayed at The Egerton House a number of times in the past. The hotel has since been renovated to perfection and is now part of a small chain called Red Carnation. The place is a jewel box and the staff and location make it a wonderful experience. It is in Knightsbridge just off Brompton Road with great tube and bus service to Piccadillly and the West End. We had a fabulous stay! It can't be beat for value and comfort.	
Oct 12 2008 	Paradise in London	Arriving at Egerton House was like arriving in paradise. We were fascinated by the fantastic location, really felt at home in the tastefully furnished rooms and enjoyed the excellent breakfast and hotel service. Very friendly staff gave us valuable tips of places to visit which you wouldn't find in an ordinary guide.Coming back from our exciting discovery tours felt like coming home, we found Egerton much more personal than many larger hotels.	
Oct 11 2008 	Our stay to the egerton	We have stayed to the Egerton house hotel for our first experience in London and I have to admit that I was really impressed with the fabulous surrounding, the friendly atmosphere and the excellent service provided by the staff members.We are looking forward to go back again and we definitely recommend this lovely experience. Pascale	
Oct 10 2008	impressive	the Egerton House Hotel was the right choice for me. I just can say: I am impressed. the hotel is so familiar and comfortable and the House Hotel is located in nearly the best area of london; harrods, hyde parc etc. I really recommend this hotel with the fantastic and traditional furnishings.	
Sep 20 2008 	A pearl in the centre of London	The Egerton House Hotel is a pearl in the centre of London!The services are excellent and the personnel are so helpful and cheerful and they do the best in order to make you feel like home.The rooms are extremeley clean and big and they are provided by everything you need during your stay in London.The hotel has also a nice bar where in a warm atmosphere it is possible to enjoy a awesome drink prepared by an expert bartender. We will definitely book the hotel again in the future.	
Sep 4 2008 	tasteful elegant simply the best	My husband and I along with my 20 year old son and his girlfriend have recently returned from a stay at Egerton House Hotel. Quite simply this is a home away from home. We have already booked our stay for next year. The location is fantastic, so close to harrods, hyde park and all the shops of knightsbridge. Service at the hotel is first class, the food excellent, the lounge and bar area so comfortable and inviting. Each day we would return from our outings and go straight to the lounge for drinks or cup of tea. Its is such a welcoming place to stay. We had adjoining rooms, one standard and one grand deluxe. No attention to details was spared. Hot water bottles, bath pillows, a candle at turn down service, the list goes on. The rooms, as is the whole hotel, are beautifully decorated. This hotel ticks all the right boxes for us and also for the 20 year olds. This is no mean feat as I find fault. We have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental on Hyde Park and the Dorchester. Much prefer the intimacy of Egerton House. It is five star first class through and through and we look forward to our next visit in july 2009.	
Aug 13 2008 	Highly recommended	My wife and I have just enjoyed a delightful 3 night stay at this small and welcoming hotel. I have to sdmit to having been horrified at the price of hotels in the UK but having drunk sufficiently to overcome the pain I booked this hotel on the strength of previous reviews. I have no regrets.From the welcome when we arrived, to the delightful room and helpful staff this was a great hotel, very tastefully and opulently decorated but with a personal and intimate feel.We will be returning.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Rooms Service and Location!	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times while visiting London, both before and after it's ownership change and consequent upgrade. We treasure it, both because of it's very lovely rooms, its quiet location, the GREAT service of its staff, and its most convenient location, i.e., a 5 minute walk from Harrods and a few minutes more to either the Knightsbridge or South Kensington tube stations. Additionally, there are many very good restaurants within easy walking distance. We highly recommend it,	
Jun 1 2008	Simply stunning with outstanding service	A 5+ star experience! A magnificent hotel in the perfect location in London. Everything was outstanding. We were particularly impressed with the service. They really made our whole London experience one we will never forget. Thank you Egerton House Hotel. We strongly recommend this fine hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Feb 20 2008 	Unforgettable Valentine's	This is the second time my husband and I visit the Capital. The first time was 10 years ago and things have changed a lot ever since. It was already a fairly difficult task to find the right hotel for our stay, but we decided to make the effort, as we really wanted to treat ourselves for our 20th Valentine’s together. After a few hours browsing online, I found the &quot;Iprefer&quot; website (deluxe small properties around the world); and there was the Egerton, just what we were looking for. I have to say that we couldn’t be happier with our choice. The service was fantastic, everyone in the hotel were so friendly and efficient!  In the evening of Valentine’s, I found out later, my husband had planned a surprise at the hotel for me, with the assistance from the staff at the Egerton. When we came back from the restaurant (recommended by Jacques, squeeze him for information on restaurants) we headed into the bar…Antonio the barman was just the best! Receptionists and housekeepers where in the meantime secretly arranging the surprise…How was I to know that upstairs, in my suite, everything was being prepared, from candles in the bath, rose petals, strawberries, chocolates to soft music and (even more) champagne? As I walked into my room after one drink too many, I found the most romantic suite ever, what a delight! Thank you everyone at the Egerton for such an unforgettable experience! I will definitively come back, truly the best.	
Dec 1 2007 	Great hotel in Knightsbridge	My mom, sister (mid 20’s), and I stayed here during our trip to London at the end of October. We had a fantastic stay. We arrived around 10am and were able to get into one of the rooms right away, even though check in is 2:00pm. We stayed in rooms 15 and 16 which are connected rooms via a small hallway with an outer door (which we were able to lock.) The rooms were great, Bose speakers for our Ipods, large TV, internet access, the ability to get on the web without a computer (although there was a free computer for use on the 4th floor.) The décor was lovely and the beds incredibly comfortable. Every night when they turned down the bed, there was the requisite chocolate on the pillow , but also a lit candle in the bath, which were nice touches. Even though we were on the 1st floor (which is the 2nd floor in the States) there was no street noise to keep you awake in the evenings.The staff was very helpful and we loved the bar/sitting area with the great drinks provided by Antonio the barman. One evening, we even just had sandwiches for dinner while enjoying the fire and drinks.Location was great, Knightsbridge, just a couple blocks away from Harrods and almost across the street from the V&amp;A. Tube stop just 2-3 blocks away.We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 5 2007 	Beautiful Quiet Luxury in Central London	We have just returned from a weekend in London, staying at the Egerton House Hotel. We would highly recommend this hotel. It is a small boutique hotel, not inexpensive but in a great location in close to Harrods/ Museums etc. The decor is superb and completely flawless. The rooms are small but beautifully furnished and most comfortable. The service was impeccable. We did not eat at the hotel (except for breakfast which was very nice). However, we did have drinks at the bar and again the ambience was lovely. We would strongly recommend this hotel, particularly for a romantic getaway to central London.	
Sep 19 2007 	Unbelievable Service	I have traveled the world and been (thanks to my various employers) to many great 5 star hotels in London, NY, Boston, Singapore, Shanghai, Hong Kong etc.This is the first time that I have been blown away by the service at a hotel.Dropped off my luggage in the morning and when I got back at lunch to check into my room, they had already hung up all my suits.Reception staff welcomed me by name each time I walked in. The room is immaculate and includes free wifi, a Bose iPod docking station for my iPod, LCd TV in room and bathroom. and loads more.But again service, service, service.The bar in the Hotel.....great and discrete with Antonio making an unbelievable Martini and at 60 he has stories about De Niro, Oliver Reed and many more from his 44 year career as a barman in all the top hotels in London.$	
Aug 31 2007 	The best staff ever!	All I can say about Egerton that this hotel is the one of the best hotels I ever stayed in before. It’s not only about fantastic room where I stayed for a great price (for a centre of London!) with condition, unique decorations, yummy canapés and tea tray (free of charge!), it’s more about the best staff I ever meet. It other hotels it seems like they work just for a tips but not in Egerton - I had full directions to the best London’s signs, lot of advices where to go (like amazing restaurants (really cheap anyway!)), and all this was done not for a regular customer, it was just for me!Maybe I’m a bit overreacting but I really had the best time in London with helps of Egerton staff! Thank you so much!	
Jul 30 2007 	The nicest hotel I have ever stayed at	We arrived on a sunny afternoon in late July, via Paddington and Hyde Park. We were greeted at reception by ever-so-charming Jacques, shown our room (35) and were bowled over by everything - the air con, the wide screen TV, the plush four-poster bed, the beautiful antique furniture, the tasteful decor, the champagne on ice, floating candles, fresh flowers... It was all just one glorious experience. Despite its location, the hotel is uber peaceful, if you want it that way.Antonio's martinis were a little bit too potent for me and I headed off for sinner at Claridges with a fuzzy head, but there's no doubt he is charming and knows his stuff - a real repeat attraction for the hotel!Service was impeccable and breakfast was nice.Top marks Egerton! Seriously good stay, on a par with the W Hotel in Honolulu, which we also loved for many of the same reasons, including location.	
Jul 21 2007 	Functional	Three nights at the Egerton. This was my third stay at the Egerton. In the last few years, I have preferred to stay 200 yards away at the Franklin but it was being renovated. It appears the Egerton has changed hands. The hotel is extremely well located with regard to Belgravia and Knightsbridge, three blocks from Harrods, a block from the museums - just a great location. There are MANY wondeful London squares near by; this trip I visited 20 and came away entralled.The hotel itself is in good shape. Nice and helpful staff. I tipped the young landy that initially helped me a good bit because I was anticipating needing some help during the visit, and got wonderful attention. The room I had was on the third floor at the back of the hotel&gt; It was in a different style from most of the other rooms - almost like a dining club decor - a lot of paneling, etc. Well equipped and a great bathroom. The only problem was the door to the corridor which did not fit snuggly and some corridor noise came through. But this defect didn't cause any problem since most of the guests are quiet and respectable. The only slightly awkward staff problem I had was the day I left. Another young lady was very attentive - having heard, I am certain, that I had given her comrade a large tip. She escorted me to the taxi, etc. A bit overdone.I would skip the English breakfast at the hotel. It is very expensive and better value is available in many locations close to the hotel.Squares and neighborhoods top visit and enjoy are Egerton Crescent (just around the corner), Chester Square (near Eaton Square), Wilton Crescent, Belgrave Square, Montpelier Square, Pelham Crescent, Trevor Square - there are actually too many to mention, but one can have a very pleasant walk about this area and see many wondeful neighborhoods exhibiting a concern for privacy and decorum not seen in many urban world cities.	
Jul 15 2007	Exquisite stay in Knightsbridge	If you need to be in the Knightsbridge area of London, stay here. Remarkable service, fabulous breakfast (talk them into including it in your rate), and wonderful water pressure. Lovely, quiet area, yet near all sorts of great stuff.	
May 28 2007 	Maybe the best hotel in London	This small hotel has a fabulous location in South Kensington close tothe Tube. It is the quietest hotel we've ever stayed in. I was there last year and the staff remembered me! Antonio the bartender is fabulous--stop down for a drink before going out for the evening. My only wish is that it was not so expensive.	
Mar 25 2007 	great martini's!	Stayed here recently on a weekend through recommendation of a collegue, very nice comfortable rooms, garden views, we had a room with a four poster bed, was truly amazing. The staff was really excellent, all very smiley and friendly. I loved antonio's martini's the best! Such a cosy bar and he is fabulous. Will definately come back.	
Mar 9 2007	home away from home	I am happy to read all the positive reviews because I also just love this hotel. It is small and cozy and you feel very welcome when you walk in. It is in a great location near Harrods and many other shops, but still quiet. I stayed several times. Last time I arrived late. And in my room there was a tray with little snacks, the music was one (you have an Ipod in your room). There was even a candle burning in the bathroom. I hope to be able to go back soon.	
Feb 19 2007 	This place gets everything right!	This was my fist opportunity to stay at The Egerton but friends have recommended it for years. Its a boutique hotel which has just been given a complete makeover, you gets lots of attention, the service, the location and the decor are awesome, its walking distance to all the good restaurants, shops, museums and parks. The rooms have everything you need including an ipod you can borrow and there are thoughtful touches like returning to find ice and canapes in your room every evening and candle lit turndowns, I stayed in a King Room which had high ceilings, lovely views and a bed so comfortable I didnt want to leave, Can't wait to come back, I've found my home in London. Muriel Denny, New York.	
Feb 15 2007 	The most wonderful stay in London	This is the most fabulous Hotel I've stayed in in a long time, love it and would recommend it to anyone! Great location, exceptional service, very cosy and beautifully decorated. Martinis &amp; especially Cosmopolitan by charming Antonio - the best in London, Full English breakfast was delicious and Front Desk staff recommended most wonderful restaurant for a romantic dinner nearby!Looking forward to my next stay	
Feb 2 2007	Wonderful and cosy!	I really love this hotel. Have stayed at the Egerton many times. the staff are very friendly and the location is superb, close to museums as well as to shopping in Knightsbridge. The rooms I have stayed in have all been recently decorated in lovely warm colours. It's elegant but not stuffy. The bar is small but the bar man is really sweet and charming. Great cocktails too!	
Oct 11 2006	Gem in London		
Jul 7 2006	The perfect british hotel experience		
Jul 17 2005 	Great location		
Jun 8 2005 	Best hotel in London		
Dec 2 2004	Loved this hotel - but make sure to be clear on ordering taxis		
Jun 23 2004	A gem in the heart of London!		
Apr 26 2004	Oustanding hotel		
Jan 7 2004	Excellent staff at the little Egerton in Knightsbridge		
Jan 6 2004	The Best		
Feb 4 2003	A Truly Gracious Hotel		
Nov 22 2009 	Stupendo		
