Oct 20 2009 	A budget hotel	I have stayed for 2 nights in late September and lived in the upper floor. There is no lift in the hotel with a narrow stair. You need to take your luggages to the 4th floor by yourself. The room is tiny but quiet without any bad smell. The water heater is very noisy during operation. I was afraid it may explose during bathing. The water pot is quiet dirty and i dare not use.The service is good. The staff is quite friendly and helpful. But the breakfast is the worst in my trip of visiting UK. Only beans, egg, toasts and corn flakes!There is 10 minutes walk to underground station (without any luggages). Along Shepherds Bush Road, there are Tesco (opened until 10pm), post office, many pubs and small restaurants. There is another branch of the hotel, Royal Guest House located in Shepherds Bush Road with 3 minute walk. Don't mix up with this hotel as I also made this mistake when I booked the hotel.The price is quite attractive. It is a good choice to you if you want to have a cheap accomodation without sharing bath room.Find another hotel if you don't like walking, if you will take a large baggage, if you want to have a great bathing or if you want to have a good breakfast.	
Jan 5 2008 	ok:)	I stayed for 7 days in this hotel and it was really ok. It's clean, room was confortable, big... the hotel is small so nobody's bothering you...it is near the tube station, pubs and shops are also near. but, the things we all want to see when we come to london( city, westminster, etc.) are pretty far away:((that was the main problem for me. I would rather stay somewhere near the center... but it was ok:)	
Nov 3 2007 	No Good For More Than One Night	We booked in at Royal Guest House 2 over the internet (105 shepherds bush road). We were then sent to number 31, passing Royal Guest House 1 at 47. When we got to the Euro Hotel at 31, we were given our keys, then taken to number 29 for our room. The only up side to this was we were given a key to the front door so we could come in late. The room was tiny; a double bed squeezed in the back (but very comfortable I have to say), with a tv placed on top a fridge clogging up any space there. there is a small cupboard and wardrobe, but only with room for maybe 2 days clothes for 2 people. The en suite is so cramped, theres not much else you can say about it.The breakfast was disappointing. The continental consists of jam on toast, or cornflakes, and the 'English breakfast' is the same with either fried or scrambled egg.As I said, it was fine for the one night (we stayed overnight to see Ross Noble at the Apollo) but any more than that would not be acceptable for anyone. It is more like a hostel than a hotel. Since we booked the price per night has gone up - I can't see why.	
May 14 2007 	Never Again	the hotel was a shamble. we had walked like a mile from the tube station to the hotel, to be told we were in the sister hotel and had to walk all the way back again. Why he couldnt just let us stay there was beyond me. My booking form said the address we were in, so thats where we went just to be sent back the other direction!!!went into the bathroom, could only open the door half way as the wardrobe blocked the other half. we tried to move the wardrobe, but no success. the bathroom was so small you couldnt swing a mouse in it nevermind a cat!!! There was a fridge in the room that was particularly noisy. There was a kettle, but the plug wasnt long enough to reach the socket so we had to put it on the floor. The mirror was in the centre of the room, but the plugs for a hairdryer was right across the other side, so you couldnt see the mirror whilst doing hair!the shower looked nice from a distance, until the morning, when we used it we discovered that if the next room to us was in the shower, no water came through ours. So it got to the point where the shower was working, so i went in, put shampoo in my hair, then the water cuts out. standing there freezing cold waiting for it to come on.....10mins later, it comes on, trickles out, so have to rinse hair really quickly. got to the point where i couldnt stand there freezing anymore so i didnt put conditioner on it. so my hair was a mess!!the breakfast, well we were told it was a traditional english breakfast. our idea of breakfast was bacon sausage egg beans mushrooms etc. ALAS! no, we got a spoon full of beans and an egg which i wouldnt feed to a starving child.I would never recommend anyone to go near this hotel, or the other hotels in the family such as euro hotel and royal guest house hotel (1)	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Price. Not great experience	Before we got re-located to this Hotel, we stayed at the Eurohotel, which we tremendously missed. (I have written a write up of the Eurohotel in TripAdvisor).Closer to the end of our stay we got re-located to this Hotel. Eurohotels and Royal Guest hotels are the same chain, but just located on a different block on the same street. After being treated with kindness and laughter, we were shocked that the host of this hotel was very rude. Once we got into the hotel, he demanded payment upfront. We had everything packed so we requested to get the keys first and we will come down for payment. After we got ourselves setted on the 5th floor, we went down to talk to him. He literally screamed/argued with us like we were his own daughters. Luckily my friend has high tolerance or else I would of probably cried and left the building. Hotel Rooms are cosy, just enough space for your luggage (floor space) and the bed. It is an older building, the plumbling didn't work 30% of the time. My high tolerance friend got water completely stopped in the middle of her shower, then she had to wait 5 mins until the water got hot again. Our sink was slightly broken, one of the handles was missing. The maid forgot to give us fresh towels on the next day. They serve the same breakfast in the morning, however the cook doesn't give you choice of eggs (just scrambled).The price is very affordable for central London location. I would definitely stay at Eurohotel again. However, if I get moved to the Guest House #2 I will try to beg to stay or go somewhere else for the night.*A little note for first time buyers it cost 24pounds for a week pass, including the charge of the card. However, if you are just staying for a few days it is ideal just to buy the Oyster Card on its own and put money in it. The card cost 3pounds and within Zone 1 &amp; 2 the maximum cost of travel is 4.40pounds, where one trip can cost up to 1.80pounds. So even you use the card multiple times during the day it will only cost at most 4.40pounds.	
Mar 1 2009 	Raggiungibile in meno di 10min dalla Tube: no frill hotel		
