	Very good hotel. Very Clean and modest but great for London Visiting	I have just returned from a 3 nights stay at the Adria Hotel. I have booked it based on the reviews I have read on TripAdvisor and I have to say that I have found there exactly what I read about here. I really enjoyed my stay because everything was very clean and proper. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the Hammersmith station.Pros: - Nice, clean room.- Check in and check out without any problems and very fast. No problems with the reservation made on the internet. - Heating worked properly so there was a nice atmosphere in the room.- Great Location near the metro and bus stations. - Good English and Continental breakfast although not very varied.- Nice bath with a shower cabin that were also clean.- Two European plugs in the walls so we did not need an adapter for our chargers. - Nice and polite personnel. - Even though somebody said that the beds are hard, I have found them very comfortable.Cons: - The rooms are small, so if you are a tall person traveling with a lot of luggage you might feel a bit claustrophobic. - The stairway, as somebody else said here, is narrow so if you have large bags you might have difficulties climbing up and down with them. - The walls are very thin and you can easily hear what your neighbors say or do. We even heard a snoring all night long.- Prices should be around 10 Pound less per night for what the hotel has to offer. So a bit pricey, but you find a good deal that is alright. We have paid 69 Pounds per night.- The pillows are not very comfortable but this depends from one person to another. - There is no phone in the room, but this did not bother us as we didn't need one. Overall, we have thoroughly enjoyed my trip to London as we have visited all day long and we were very tired so when we got back to the room all we wanted was a warm shower and a warm room. The hotel is a modest one, not great, but definitely not bad. I would recommend it for couples and single persons traveling to visit London. If you need a good night sleep you might want to consider something else. Same thing if you have two or more children with you. I would book the hotel again if I would go to London because it is clean and it delivers what I expect: good service for a reasonable price.	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice enough but there is better!	It is a nice little hotel and it was fine for the 2 nights we were there however we were on the very top floor and the stairs are really very steep which isn't ideal when you have a suitcase and I think I fell down the stairs every time I went down them (which might be because I'm really clumsy but they are still very steep and narrow!) Quite difficult to find from the tube station but we found our way in the end! It was ok but I've stayed in hotels that are worth the money a bit more in London so I wouldn't go here again but it has it's charm and it's ok for just a place to stay in London!	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice Clean Little Place	Stayed here for one night only after going through nice reviews from Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed. The place looks exactly as reviewed by others, nice clean not smelly at all with every basic thing in place except intercom facility. It kinda felt like small rooms in Paris or Florence. The check in/out was a quick, didn´t used the Breakfast as there are plenty of options within 50 meters of the hotel. 2 shopping malls, many restaurants, Hammersmith underground close by. Not noisy at all even standing next to the traffic. Its little tricky to get to the hotel for the first time as the street is little inside so print out the street map before you leave your house.	
Sep 11 2009 	Another good review to add to the list	I've just stayed in this hotel and for the money, I can highly recommend it. £65 for a double room in London is an excellent price. The feel of the place was very clean and in good condition. The room was a good size for a modest priced London hotel. The location was perfect for me as I was attending an event in Hammersmith and the Adria is very near the tube station. Nice bars and cafes very nearby as well. Much nicer than many I've stayed in at twice the price.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great little hotel	I stayed in the Adria Hotel for two nights while attending a conference at the nearby Novotel. I booked a twin room but on arrival was allocated a very spacious family room with two twin beds and a double. For London the room was huge! There was a small en suite shower room, not luxurious but spotlessly clean and functional as was the room itself. The beds were very comfortable and everywhere was immaculately clean. We didn't have breakfast as only Continental was available but at £5 it seemed very good value. The only downside from our visit was that the stairs were very narrow and hard to navigate with cases so not really suitable for guests with disabilities.	
Nov 15 2008 	Pleasant surprise	Booked for one night in transit from Gatwick to Heathrow based on location and price and was very pleasantly surprised. Paid 65 pounds for twin room at favorable exchange rate and was given huge room with a queen and two twins on ground floor. Clean, quiet great shower, excellent mattress. Never saw the rest of the hotel (arrived late, left early). 300m from Hammersmith station, so perfect for Heathrow departures, good for London sightseeing via tube. Seemed to be more than a couple of pubs in immediate area. Careful, small sign on wrought iron gate, easy to miss as it othersise loooks like just another brownstone. Would gladly pay 65 pounds/night for extended sightseeing stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	Very nice place	I stayed one night in this hotel, i had a single room which was very clean and had an on suite with shower.I have only one bad thing to say and that is that my laptop could not pick up the hotels wireless, i was given a network cable and adaptor plug but this only gave a limited connection.apart from this little niggle it was a good place to stay, very close to the shopping centre and underground.	
May 16 2008 	Never Again	We stayed at the Adria for 5 nights while attending a conference at the Novotel. Having picked the hotel from the good reviews on this site, we were shocked when we arrived to find the complete opposite. On the positives the hotel had a great location, was kept very clean, and had fast, free, wireless internet. Upon arriving we were disturbed when we asked to store our luggage until the very late check-in time (we didn't expect it to be 2pm) and were told the storage facility was the crack of space between the vending machine in the entrance way right by the door and the stairs. After getting our room we were shocked at the lacking accommodations. The room had no phone, clock, hand towels, tissues, or comforters on the beds. The hotel's website said that the room came with a full length mirror, a digital tv, and powerful showers. The water pressure was very weak, no full length mirror was present, and the tv had no reception and was completely useless. The website also said that the room came with a hairdryer. However, upon inspection of the hairdryer from the 1960s, we were afraid to use it. The beds were the hardest I have ever slept on and the single pillows made it even more uncomfortable. What made sleeping even worse were the paper thin walls through which the snoring from the next room kept us up. I would not recommend staying here if you plan on bringing luggage as the stairs are extremely narrow and steep. On top of everything the staff was completely unfriendly when they were present, which was rarely. We will upload the pictures later.	
Mar 19 2008 	nice hotel great value for money	we stayed here the beginning of march for one night, as we were going to neil young gig at the appollo hammersmith.This hotel was ideal, it was a couple of minutes walk from the tube station and about 5 minutes from theatre.the room was very clean and tidy with a nice ensuite bathroom.there were tea and coffee facilities in your room. Breakfast was lovely made to order, cereal available and the staff kept coming out with more toast if wanted.(full english £5.00 pp of £3 for continental).for £65.00 per night this was great value for money, and we would definately stay again.the only minor problem was the stairs to your rooms, they were quite steep and winding as we were on the 2nd floor, apart from that i would recommend it to others as it is so convenient..there were a couple of lovely pubs to eat in the hammersmith area with decent prices......	
Mar 11 2008	Good 2 star.	Was a good budget hotel/B&amp;B. Offered value for the low amount paid. Quiet, not noisy and close to bus and train station.Was very ideal for my visit to Hammersmith and cheap as well.Nice room clean bathroom and towels.Negatives were poor services......virtually no staff around when i needed them. Heating was centrally controlled so couldnt turn it on in my room which was rather cold. Also TV channels restricted to some dodgy sattelite channels.	
Nov 20 2007 	A perfect choice in Hammersmith	If you need an accommodation in Hammersmith, this is the one I would suggest. Having paid £55 for a double room (single occupancy), I was very satisfied. The room looked new, the bathroom was not too small and the bed was comfortable.The staff were not extremely welcoming but they were fine. I arrived at midday and my room was not ready yet, but I could leave my suitcase and go back at 2 pm. The day after I left my luggage there and I could go back to pick it up after 6 pm.	
Aug 18 2007 	No probs	This is hotel is just a short walk from the tube, Hammersmith Apollo &amp; the shopping centre.The entrance appears quite grand &amp; is beautifully maintained. I checked in quickly &amp; efficiently. My room was in the basement but had french doors leading out the garden so did not feel dark or enclosed. The single room was small, but clean &amp; comfy. Couple of small niggles-on arrival I found the tap from the bathroom basin lying on the windowsill. I reported this to reception as I was going out &amp; on my return it had been repaired. All well &amp; good, but this should have been done before I checked in. Also, the TV is tiny &amp; the reception very poor.There is a small breakfast room &amp; the hotel offer continental or full English. I had the works-very enjoyable good value.This hotel is very convenient for Hammersmith (I was attending a concert at the Apollo), but I can see no benefit in staying here, if you actually want to visit Central London.	
Aug 13 2007 	excellent value	We stayed at the Adria Hotel for 3 days. The hotel is in an excellent location. About a 5 min. walk to the underground. There's the Hammersmith line across the street and the Picadilly line located in an indoor shopping center. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but instead had breakfast in the shopping center, it had a starbucks and various other chain-sandwich shops, all with decent fare. The room we stayed in had three seperate beds and was located on the top floor. The stairs going up are very small and there is no elevator. The room was very, very clean, we had our own shower and toilet (also very clean) and coffee/tea facilities. The Hotel kept the room very clean, new towels and coffee and tea daily. Excellent service! There weren't really any downsides to the room but sometimes (in the morning ?!) it could smell like roasted chicken if we left the window open, but if we didn't it got a bit stuffy. It rained quite alot when we were there, so it wasn't hot, but I can imagine that it can get pretty warm and stuffy, our room was right under the roof. We didn't see the staff except for check in/out, they were nice enough though. Last tip for transportation: either get a travelcard or an oystercard, single tickets are too expensive!! The adria hotel is within the 1-2 zone of the travelcard.	
Aug 6 2007 	Very nice-very clean good value	We stayed here for one night with a small child. We had no complaints with it. It was clean and provided everything needed (iron, tea/coffee, etc). The breakfast was good and the atmosphere was acceptable.I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 9 2007 	Nice hotel great value for money	The Adria is a nice little hotel which is conveniently situated a couple of minutes walk from Hammersmith tube station. We found it great value for money, paying £65 per night for an en-suite double room which was basic but comfortable, very clean and had tons of storage space, something i've found to be missing from other hotels i've stayed in. There is a choice of continental or full English breakafast (£3 and £5 respectively), we went for the continental and thought it was brilliant value for money as you can eat all you want. The only negative about the Adria is there is no off road parking and the car park across the road is very expensive, but we found that if you park in the streets at the rear of the hotel, Sat and Sun parking is free which saved us a fortune. Would definitely recommend to others.	
Mar 6 2007 	Lovely Little Hotel!	We've just returned from a weekend in London and found this hotel by chance. What luck! The bare facts are that it's a small hotel (~15 rooms) with slightly worn carpets and a steep, narrow staircase that winds right to the top of the 4 storey building. I wasn't so happy on arrival hauling my bag to the top floor, finding a smallish double room. Looking round though I changed my mind fast. It's extremely clean, the bed very comfortable, the room warm and the windows open fully - unlike in chain hotels where they're often nailed shut! Plenty of towels and extra blankets if required. Good shower and rooms fully serviced each day.Breakfast a reasonable £3 for continental and £5 for full english - all good and served by very friendly, helpful staff. No stinting on toast or coffee. It's a good area too, close to the Hammersmith tube station and local restaurants and pubs but quiet at night with birdsong in the morning.Any advice - pay in cash as there's a 3% charge for cards and ask for a ground floor room if the stairs might pose a problem.Next time I'm in London I will definitely stay here.	
Dec 22 2006 	Fantastic!	A lovely hotel, clean and tidy, very friendly and extremely helpful management/employees, located close to the tube station in hammersmith, good value for money, excellent service. Will definately stay here again in future. Room was not very big but this was not a problem for us as we were out most days and only really used the hotel for evenings and breakfast (which was also very nice and good value for money). The room included ensuite facilities with a nice shower, also had good storage (wardrobe, drawers etc), and a tv and tea/coffee making facilities and hairdryer etc. Highly recommended.	
Oct 28 2004	Small but nice	We stayed here in Oct 2004. The hotel was small but very accessable close to Hammersmith tube.The rooms were small but kept very clean, english breakfasts are acceptable eggs, bacon, toast &amp; cereal.The customer service by the ladies was great very helpful &amp; super service.Parking in London is always a problem but there is a shopping complex across the road if a trifle expensive.	
Nov 19 2009 	Très satsifaite		
Aug 12 2009 	Ci ritorneremo!		
Jul 28 2009 	Gran Hotel excelente ubicacion y personal		
Jul 1 2009 	Ottimo soggiorno.		
Apr 6 2008 	Si vuelvo a Londres volveré a este hotel		
