Nov 24 2009 	Staying in a hotel should not feel like an ordeal!	The Turkish lady at reception was very rude and lacked even adequate customer service skills. We arrived early for check in and were brusquely advised that we hadn't paid for our rooms even though the company had booked online 10 weeks previously and we had a printout of our booking with a paragraph actually stating that the payment would be taken before arrival. As it was a company card the rude Turkish lady ordered us to call the company and get them to fill in a 3rd party form and fax it to her. she took over the phone and proceeded to talk in a condescending and rude manner to our company secretary calling her 'love' to which she objected. (if said by a kindly older woman its no problem but when called love by a rude young woman then it becomes an insult). To add to our humiliation we were ordered to wait in reception like a public spectacle as all this was going on. then the rude Turkish lady (she really shouldn't be working with the public) advised us, animatedly, that the secretary at our company had an attitude problem. (the secretary faced the same rude and unhelpful tirade that we did and had asked to speak to the General Manager to be told he would call her back later - this of course didn't happen) The Turkish lady then went into the back office and had a blazing row with somebody before coming back out and allowing us to check in. Checking in at a hotel really should not feel like an ordeal where the guest is treated as a criminal or pondlife! The company spent almost £1000 on our stay with meals included but will not be making the same mistake again. Any other hotel must be an improvement. To top that all off the hotel itself feels like an old office block converted into a 2nd rate hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Handy for the stadium but over priced!	Booked this at £150.65 through hotels.com the night of the England v Croatia qualifier. Check in was easy as I had already paid. My friend and I had a room on the second floor. The room was very spacious and we had a double bed each! There was paint on the carpet and the tv wouldn't work properly! Thankfully it was only for one night. We didn't have breakfast as felt that the price would have included it. Only stayed here as the Premier Inn was full and won't be rushing back!	
Sep 5 2009 	Horrible	Ok,We only chose this hotel for the location to the stadium.we booked 3 rooms.In all three rooms the safes had to be &quot;broken into&quot; by the management because they had been purposely closed by past tenants.In EVERY room, it stank of stale cigarette smoke, and musty wet mould.Two out of the Three rooms the shower did not work. We had to get a key to another room to have a shower!!!!!!!One out of the three lifts was screwed.. we wanted the 6th floor, it always went to the 8th, then 7th, then lobby.When you wanted the lobby, it took you to the 3rd floor, then the 8th...............total waste of £80 per night......................I can't believe I spent that amount of money for two nights for three rooms for that !!! I must be stupid.	
Aug 26 2009 	Only as a last resort.	Our room was spacious and quite so no complaints there. The window was dirty around the frame and the net curtains were grey which made things look even worse. Were they meant to be that colour or was that the result of them never having been washed? The wardrobe was dusty and we found out the hard way. Moving something from the shelf above just to see our clothes get covered in dust. the bed looked clean and was comfortable and the AC worked, but was not that effective.The bar was the highlight for us. Fast and friendly service. We listened to our trip advisor friends and didn't have the breakfast so I can't comment on that I am afraid. Front desk on check in were OK, but on check out were standing chatting to each other leaving one girl to see to us all in the queue. Very frustrating!They can get away with this shoddy service and lapse attitude in parts because of where they are. You want a room for a big night at the stadium and they are very well placed for that. It is a shame that they don't make more of an effort and for this reason alone I doubt I will stay at a quality hotel again. Their poor attitude reflects the brand in a poor light and must lose them a lot of custom.Book here as a last resort. Try else where first as there are numerous hotels in the area.	
Aug 19 2009 	nice stay - wont run back	just spent a night in quality hotel wembley - was a base for us (couple with 2 kids) to explore london must say surpassed our expectations..... clean room, nice restaurant.... one fault was rooms waaaaaay too warm even with air condition had continental breakfast was grand would recommend it!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Location great for Wembley	Location great for wembley corridors smelt of damp rooms single glazed very noisey	
Jul 31 2009 	just about passe	we stayed in the this hotel overlooking the wembley stadium as per our travel agent's booking on our london trip . The hotel is just about good... rooms are huge with two double beds in each room ...clean bathrooms ... there is a park nearby and the tube station (wembley park) is nearby too...the breakfast is not good at all ....	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Location - Adequate Hotel	Stayed here for one night following Take That Concert at Wembley. Ideal location as hotel only about five minutes walk from Stadium.We had double room on 8th floor at front of hotel and although not far from main road we were not disturbed by traffic at all. Room was clean but feel hotel could do with an overall &quot;tidy-up&quot; as parts are now appearing quite grubby and shabby.Continental breakfast included in price which, had it not been, would not have considered at £6.95 per head as consisted only of croissants and yoghurts. Cost for one night was £170.00 which unfortunately seems to be pretty standard on event nights. We could have stayed at better hotels further away for this price but when we saw the crowds swarming to get the underground glad we made decision to stay within walking distance!Overall adequate for one night's stay but may try different hotels in the area when attending any future events.	
Jul 11 2009 	WEMBLEY	Great for Wembley, good value but as the saying goes you get what you pay for!	
Jul 9 2009 	Perfect for one night stay	Myself and my two daughters stayed in QH for Take That concert on 3rd of July. We had a twin and single room. We arrived at 10am from an early flight and staff couldn't have been more helpful, we were asked to wait for 10mins and we could then check in. We had no problems during our stay. I suppose the reviews I read on TA beforehand did make me cautious and I really was expecting to have something to complain about but I didn't. Bedding and towelling were immaculate and all our basic needs were met. A minor problem was I couldn't get the shower going, so I had a bath instead. We didn't make it down for breakfast even though it was included in our rate so can't comment on that. Overall, it was a great stay, perfect for the stadium, staff very polite and friendly and we would have no problem staying here again.	
Jul 8 2009	Very basic but convenient	Stayed at this hotel for the Take That Concert at Wembley Stadium 5/7/09. The Hotel is very close to Wembley Stadium /Wembley Park Underground, so in this respect it is very convenient, unfortunately it is very tired looking and in desperate need of a refurb. My daughter and myself were on the ninth floor but the separate lift to that floor wasn't working so we had to get an alternative lift to the eigth floor and walk the stairs the remainder of the way. Tea//coffee facilities in the room were enough only for a single person even though the room was a double. The bed linen and towels were spotless though so we were grateful for that. The bar area cannot accommodate a lot of people and it was difficult ordering a drink. We ended up with a bottle of wine in our room. Breakfast wasn't included in our stay and the full english, although very tasty, in my opinion isn't worth the £11.95 each we paid. All in all we wish we had stayed at the Premier Inn just up the road!	
Jul 6 2009 	OK Hotel - good for Wembley Stadium	Just stayed for the night, as took wife to see Take That. Although website says check in time is 14.00, arrived early and check in was no problem - slight queue, but nothing to worry about.Room was clean, comfortable and fine for staying the night.Had the continential breakfast, which was fine. Only problem was the shower - it only had one temperature, which was scalding, so had a bath instead.	
Jul 6 2009 	OKAY FOR 1 NIGHT BUT DON'T HAVE ENGLISH BREAKFAST	Only booked this hotel as it was last one available - we went to see Take That. Easy quick check in although we were asked to pay there and then as they expected to be busy at check out next day as they were fully booked. Room was on 3rd floor at the back - nice size - bit dark - definitely dated and tired - tv didn't work properly - could get bbc1 with sound, itv1 and channel 4 could get picture but no sound. Nice size bathroom and clean. Room overlooked motorcycle race track but nice view of the water fountains at Wembley. Loud party music could still be heard at 3.30 a.m. even with windows closed. Went down for breakfast at 7.55 a.m. and was told it was not open until 8 a.m. and to go away and come back at 8 o'clock. Buffet style - cooked English - waitress puts a dollop of food on your plate - sausage (vile taste really horrible), scrambled egg (nearly all white), bacon (I passed on that it looked terrible - husband who normally eats anything tried a mouthful and said it was like cardboard), tomato (well it was fresh and a whole one but was completely tasteless), hash browns (so overcooked the potato inside had disappeared) - beans and mushrooms were also available but we both passed on these. Toast (bread had a horrible texture and taste to it), hot tea (think hot dishwater and that was it - several other people also took a mouthful and then left the rest). Checked out at 8.45 a.m. - no queues. Hotel is okay for one night but don't pay extra for English breakfast - it really is horrible - think charge is £11.50? for this. Our room cost £165 inclusive of breakfast - obviously put prices up when events are on at Wembley - would not stay again unless it was the last option.	
Jul 4 2009 	Only good thing location!	Booked this hotel back in December as a Christmas present for my husband to see Take That July 1st. I was assurred parking as we were travelling from Cornwall and I wanted everything to go smoothly. We arrived at 5.30pm to find the hotel was advertising its parking spaces to the public for the concert! I ended up blocking a member of staff in and our car had to be moved by 11pm that night. At the bar we were charged £8.50 for 2 halves of shandy. The rooms and hotel are very old and in desperate need of a renovation. On a brighter side they had decided to keep the restaurant open til midnight with a limited menu, we had pizza which was homemade and so good we ordered another. They also offered a very good bottle of Chardonnay at half price and you guessed it we had 2! The staff were very pleasant and when we asked next day if we could leave the car there while we went into London on business it wasn't a problem.	
Jun 29 2009 	Don't bother go to premier inn	The only good thing I can say is the reception staff are very polite and helpful. Watch out for the maid who justs lets herself into room at 9.00 am while you are still asleep, rather frightening. Hotel is very scruffy, decor shabby, sheets dirty, never been hoovered under the bed this century. The bar prices are expensive. £1 for a shot of cordial. Don't waste your money on a cooked english breakfast it is rubbish as is the continental breakfast. Ideal location to wembley stadium but then so is the premier inn.	
Jun 29 2009 	Expensive Shabby and Dirty	This is a copy of the complaint I have just sent in. Enough said.I have just stayed at the Quality Hotel, Wembley on 26.06.2009 in room 309. The first impression of this hotel is one of 'Cheap' and not 'quality'. The room rate, however does not say 'cheap', its says 'should be clean, comfortable and with reasonable facilities'.I was expecting rooms to be on a par with your competitors, such as Travelodge and Premier Inn. Both of these hotels are usually plainly, but sympathetically decorated and are usually spotlessly clean. Your hotel in Wembley was neither of these. The first impression of the room was that it was a little shabby and in need of decoration. There were cigarette burns in fabrics and a large melted/burnt patch in the bath. There was spilt mascara on the desk and the carpet was lumpy and stained. The windows, being single glazed did little to stop road noise. This is usually forgiven if the room is clean and presented nicely. Unfortunately the room was not clean. There was a pair of dirty socks on the window sill and worse than that a USED cotton bud. The glasses in the bathroom were not clean enough to drink out of. The shower head needs replacing and the grouting given a thorough scrub. The shower tap was very difficult to turn due to excessive limescale. In the public areas there were room service trays left on the floor for the entirety of our stay and there were piles of towels left on the floor, not only a trip hazard but unsightly. I reported the room issues to reception. At first I was ignored but then I beckoned over a duty manager. The socks did disappear - but should I have to remind your managers what a clean room should look like? Whilst staying at the hotel I ordered a burger from room service. This would have tasted better if it were hot. It arrived without a 'closh' covering it - so by the time it arrives from the kitchens, inevitably it was luke warm. I will not be staying at this hotel again, and will choose your (cheaper and cleaner) competitors in the future.	
Mar 16 2009 	Decor tired but very convenient.	This hotel is right where you want to be for Wembley Arena or Stadium. The staff are friendly and polite, and the breakfast is pretty decent. There is free parking. The beds are comfortable, and there were two double beds in our room. This meant that we could cannibalise the second bed for the extra pillows, and, had we had a row at any time in the evening, we could have slept in separate beds. The bedroom was large and clean, with en suite bathroom, TV, tea and coffee making facilities, trouser press and iron.However, the room is furnished with old, tatty fittings. The T.V. has ITV 3 but no BBC 1. There is no double glazing, and the windows in our room were draughty, and so you could hear the noise from outside. We actually thought that a window had been left open. The central heating had not been turned on, so the room was not aired (except for the draught from the window). When we turned the radiators on, they tapped and clicked for hours on end. This solved the mystery of why they had been turned off. We had a fire alarm go off at 5:30am. Breakfast was a noisy affair with a Gospel Service, complete with electric guitars being conducted the other side of a partition in the breakfast hall. It's another revenue stream in these hard times, but anyone who hasn't found God is unlikely to do so in the Quality Inn. Still, you never know though do you? Having said that, it was all perfectly adequate for the money, and we had a good Nepalese curry at the Wembley Tandoori Restaurant, 133 Wembley Park Drive, a 2 minute walk from the hotel.Elbow at Wembley Arena were excellent.	
Feb 24 2009 	Horrid Hotel	Stayed one night before travelling into London. Probably one of the worst hotels I’ve stated in. Generally scruffy and in need of a good clean. Stains on bedroom walls and dingy decor. Beds rubbish, you could feel springs through the mattress. Only good points it was quiet and the rooms where big.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great for Wembley Arena	Stayed here on a Saturday night (for Simple Minds, if you must know). I must admit to being a little apprehensive. I've stayed in a few hotels in the Wembley area over the years, none being fantatstic. This is pretty okay though. It was a cold evening outside, but the heat when we came into reception was beautiful. Staff were very nice. Room was fine, normal hotel room. We did have dinner in the restaurant before walking around to the arena. We paid £48 for a starter, 2 main courses, a bottle of wine and a pint. I thought the food was good - fresh, well served, staff were nice. Breakfast was normal continental. I was pleasantly surpised by this hotel and will definitely come back for the next gig - hopefully Depeche Mode or Morrissey, but that's not the hotel's fault.	
Nov 1 2008 	perfect for wembley arena	we stayed at the hotel for one night only as we were seeing lee evans at the arena. the location is perfect as less than 5 minutes walk.the hotel was clean and the room comfortable, no complaints there. we had a meal and a few drinks in the hotel bar not badly priced considering your in london! the staff were not rude as previous reviews state in fact they were very pleasant!overall i would recommend to anyone going to concert or show as the location is spot on!	
Oct 29 2008 	It was ok for us	We stayed here for the night as we had tickets to the NEw Orleans Saints and Chargers football game. The checkin process had us waiting about an hour as we were early. The room was on the 5th floor and confortable. The hotel is situated within a quick walk to Wembley Stadium . The hotel has a small bar and the breakfast was included in the room which was adequate. The bathtubs are rather small in the UK but it was clean. I had no problem with the staff, room, or area.	
Jun 7 2008 	Awful	We stayed at this Hotel for one night after going to a concert at Wembley. I would not recommend to anyone to stay there unless you just want somewhere to crash after a concert. The Hotel is within walking distance of Wembley but it is a total rip off and they exploit people who are going to concerts. It was £168 for a room that was dirty, had stained bedding, different clumps of hair in the bed, chewing gum on the floor, graffitti on the walls and the shower was just a boiling hot trickle. The breakfast was inedible and the crockery and cutlery was dirty. A horrible hotel.	
Apr 28 2008	Perfect location for Wembley Arena	Perfect location for Wembley Arena.Hotel was ideal especially as we got a decent value room rate.Hotel was very warm and the first room we were offered smelt slightly of smoke.The location of this hotel is ideal - a couple of minutes walk to Wembley Arena.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great location but expensive when there	We stayed here for one night as needed a hotel close to the arena. This was the perfect choice and at a good rate with alpharooms. The hotel itself was really good, quick and easy check in and an adequate choice for breakfast. However, our room was on the second floor, with a view of a building site. We didnt mind this too much as were only there for one night but were not pleased when woken at 5am when they began work. Inside the room was spacious and included all the amenities necessary. The further downside was the prices charged at the hotel!! They were ridiculous and i would advise to buy food/drink elsewhere. We paid £5 for 3 pieces of garlic bread and £9 for two drinks. The service was also slow and the waiters excuse for our cold meal was &quot;i've got a home to go to you know&quot;. Apart from that, i would recommend the hotel for somewhere to sleep if wanting to go to the arena or stadium.	
Mar 30 2008 	i've got a home to go to	i recently went to a concert with my girlfriend. we chose the quality hotel as it was a 1 minute walk to Wembley arena and looked good value for money. it was relatively easy to find from the train station, just follow the signs to wembley stadium or, if your fortunate enough to travel on a clear day you can see the wembley arch and simply walk to it. Despite the look of an office block (which is self confessed on the hotel's website) it was relatively nice inside reception, the bar, restaurant and room itself. After the concert we decided to have a couple of drinks in the bar and a bite to eat. The barman clearly wanted to be elsewhere as he pulled the flattest pint of lager i have ever drank without a face as bitter the pint itself. Then when we ordered food, priced £3.00 on the menu, the waiter asked if we wanted 'a bit of cheese on it' we duly obliged and were charged an extra £1.95, therefore paying £4.95 for 3 pieces of COLD garlic bread with a sprinkle of cheese. And on confronting the waiter about the situation we were told &quot;I do have a home to go to you know&quot;, So overall if you are just using the hotel for a bed, blanket, pillows and a roof its great however, if you want to eat and drink for a reasonable price as well as edible food, i suggest paying £2 to get the bus up the road and eat in town...it will work out cheaper in the long run.	
Mar 22 2008 	Functional rather than quality......	Great location if your going to an event at either Wembley Stadium or The Arena, both are only a few minutes walk away. The actual hotel itself is fairly basic, good clean comfortable rooms....... The one down side is the overpriced poor quality food the hotel restaurant serves, £13.00 for a cooked frozen pizza and a plate of oven chips !!!!!!In conclusion a great hotel for visitors to Wembley but proberly would not recommend to people not attending an event at Wembley........	
Feb 18 2008 	Very Noisy in morning bright color scheme. Not the best night I have had.	The room I stayed in had a great night view over Wembley Stadium, but in the morning the builders on the adjacent site made a terrible racket, so if you are looking for a lie in then this is certainly not the room to be in.(Room 602).The Bath was chipped, Corridor floor and bedroom floor creaked badly, and the table in the room badly stained.The shower seemed to be set at one setting and I could not seem to vary the temperature.Bathroom was very clean.There were no instructions with the air conditioner and we found it difficult to use initially, though it worked fine when we figured it out.Tea and Coffee facilities in the room are a nice touch, but I do not believe the breakfast is particularly good value at an additional £11.50 a head ( about 23 US$). A tip is that there is a Macdonalds 200metres or so towards the station, and so if you are staying with kids, you might want to take them there for a breakfast menu.All in all just somewhere to sleep, and was a bit disappointing.The night receptionist was extremely helpful and really made up for what was overall, a below standard experience.	
Dec 18 2007 	Value for money	Stayed there for the Quo concert at Wembley and Xmas shopping. Great location - 3 mins walk to Arena and 5 mins walk to nearest tube. 20 mins journey to Oxford Street.Room basic, but clean. Shower curtain and bath taps were a bit grubby. Service was good and efficient. Continental Breakfast included. Basic, but enough. Hotel Restaurant overpriced. Food ok, but far too expensive for what it was. Try the Greek Cafe (Moulin) round the corner on the main drag to tube station. Brilliant food and service! And very reasonable prices!Would definately stay in hotel again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great	We stayed here for the england - germany game and were more tha happy with most things. Hotel was clean and presentable, looks like an office block from the outside but very nice inside.Less than 5 minutes slow walk to wembley.Room = very happy. Great view of Wembley, Very clean and spacious.Staff = Pleasant and helpful.Bar = Lemonade was flat and made my partner feel ill, other drinks fine.Service = Great considering the hotel must have been fully booked.Breakfast, cant comment didnt make it due to heavy amount of alcohol, very late night/early morning and serous hangover.We managed to get the room for £70, not sure how as the price is now £125 plus for england games. We would definatley recommend and stay here again.	
Sep 8 2007 	Good for Wembley	We stayed here as a base for London to see The Lion King. We'd travelled by coach so didn't have the issues of parking but I must agree the car park is pretty small and seems to be open to non residents, our coach certainly had a bit of trouble squeezing in!We were a party consisting of married couple, Grandmother and teenager and had booked 2 rooms, a twin and a double. We were quite disappointed to find that we were on floor 2 and my Mother and daughter were on floor 8, although we were able to call free from the rooms on the telephone.They were nice big rooms if not a bit tired looking, the bed was comfortable and it had all facilities that you would need along with complimentary tea and coffee, shampoo etc.The restuarant was nice, it does get extremely busy around 8.30am though so I would suggest making the effort and getting up to be in for 8. You're given a ticket when you enter for the cooked section. Help yourself to cereal etc, croissants, Danish pastries etc then hand your ticket in to get the eggs and bacon etc. We never tried the bar in the evening but it looked nice although was packed out with rugby players the night we were there!Excellent base for Wembley, concerts, games etc. as it is literally next door. See the view from our room. The view from the side is not so good as it overlooks a carpark. The stadium looks very pretty at night all lit up and I would think that you have a pretty good chance of hearing what's going on!. Nearest tube is Wembley Park, 2 minuutes walk away and then about 25 minutes into London city.It was OK, don't know if I'd definately stay there again unless I was attending something at the stadium - if so, you can't go wrong!	
Aug 27 2007 	A nice hotel to stay.	I along with my wife Cassy had stayed at Quality Hotel wembley when we were on a tour to Europe in May 06. The hotel is located near Wembley Arena . The hotel is a mere .5km from Wembley Park railway station.  One can travel places by taking the Tube train. We travelled a lot by the tube and saw many places. This Hotel is a 3 star. The rooms are nice and big. The rooms decor too is attractive. The bathroom is big and clean with nice fittings.The restaurant is located bank opposite the reception and gives a nice view of the outside . The breakfast and the dinner menu has a good variety to offer. The food is tasty. The staff is friendly and politeand helpful. Just a mere 3 min walk from the hotel are two food joints which sell good variety of chicken, fish with wafers. it is resonable too. We used to buy fried chicken often from here. I have attached a photo of the food joints. Close by there is ASDA mall ( a walmart ent).One can take a nice walk after dinner on the streets near this hotel, it is very peaceful. I would love to stay at this hotel again. RegardsKiran.D.Pawar.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great location for Stadium	Stayed here for two nights to see Concert for Diana. Great location only a few minutes walk to the stadium. Had a triple room which was a reasonable size and clean. Breakfast OK and staff friendly. Good size carpark which is free to guests. Would stay here again if going to Wembley Stadium.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great Location for Wembley Stadium	We stayed at this hotel for two nights to attend the George Michael concerts. A word of advice arrive early if you are arriving on a Saturday for a concert, the hotel allows anyone other than residents to park on its car park, admittedly for a steep price but if you get there any later than 4:00pm there will be no room, and the hotel willdirect you to a paying car park. What is the point in paying for a hotel with parking if you then have to pay extra to park some distance away. We did not however and put the car in an unmarked space. Sunday was fine.The outside of the hotel could do with some work. The inside was pretty modern and clean, the room was fine however we did have to askfor extra tea/coffee and toilet roll, but all was given with a smile.We ate in the restaurant which was very crowded early on as everyone was heading off early to the concert, we ordered from the al a carte menu and when the food arrived (45 minutes later) it was very good quality. The bar is very small and the service was slow but then everyone did decend on the bar all at the sametime. Some of the staff did have training issues.The breakfast was fine although, we did have to sit in the bar area as the restaurant was full. Which was not really a problem but not as nice as sitting in the restaurant.Sunday night in the restaurant was great as there was a steady flow of customers and the service was much quicker and again the food was very good quality.The reception staff were very good at check in and out.I would stay here again if I was attending a concert due to the convenience of the location, however the staff could do with a bit more polish. Not all the staff just the odd few could have had some further training.A good place to stay for the stadium especially when you see the traffic queues and you are sitting in the bar with a drink not leaving until the morning.	
May 15 2007 	Not great but not bad!	I stayed at this hotel because the Hilton was fully booked and I needed to be close to Wembley Stadium.The building from the outside looks like an old office block and is in need of a lick of paint (I'm being polite!)Saying that once you are inside the hotel it isn't too bad, however there are notices telling you not to leave valuables in your car as thieves are targeting the area!My room was quite big with too double beds, it was clean &amp; &amp; modernly decorated. However the curtains and the shower curtain were hanging off the rails.I ate in the restuarant which I have to say was quite nice and had a drink in the bar. All of the staff were extremely polite friendly and helpful.Overall I would say if you need a hotel near to Wembley Stadium it isn't bad but it isn't the best either and the only reason I would stay there again is because of it's location.	
Nov 13 2006 	Beware of parking here!!!	Please beware of parking here!We parked here on the night of 11 November and our car was broken in to despite being next to the Reception in the most well lit part of the car park.The hotel have signs up saying the car park is protected by CCTV - this is not true! On the night of our stay only half the car park was monitored by CCTV - the rest was not 'because you can see it from Reception'!! Funny that - they didn't see or hear our car window being broken and our car ransacked!!Apart from hoovering up the glass we had no offer of help and we were made to pay our bill in full.The bar is very smoky - if you don't smoke and don't want to smell like you do - don't go in there! It is also inadequately staffed - when the Bruce Springsteen concert and the X Factor show turned out - a time when a lot of guests hit the bar - there was one person serving resulting in a wait of up to 20 mintues for a drink!We will never stay here again and would not recommend anyone else to who needs to park their car overnight.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great location. Terrible rooms!	The location was fantastic but unfortunately the hotel room was rather 'grotty'. It was adverstised as a three star but I have stayed in basic huts its thailand cleaner than the rooms in the quality inn. Yes it had an iron, phone etc but I will not be staying there again, or using alpha rooms as thay claimed it to be all it was not. Very disappointing.	
Oct 28 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Brilliant hotel - the outside is deceptive because inside it is very modern and nice, restaurant food is very good quality and breakfast is good as well.The rooms are modern and good quality. Staff very friendly and willing to help. Also very near to other restaurants, as well as Wembley Park tube station and the Wembley Arena and it is also very close to 'Fountain Studios' where they film shows such as 'The X Factor'	
Oct 10 2006 	Nice Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and I'd give it 3,5 stars.Next door to Wembley Stadium, about 0,5 Km from Wembley Park tube station, about 20 minutes from Baker Street station and 40 minutes from Liverpool Street station.Nice,clean and large bedroom and bathroom. Regular continental breakfast. Nearby MacDonald's and Lidl. Staff was OK.Luis from Portugal	
Aug 14 2006 	great location	We stayed for two nights to see madonna in concert at the arena. The location is perfect approx 2 mins from the arena. Also its about a 5 minute walk from the tube station. The hotel staff were helpful and the room was a good size with an ironing board and iron which was helpful. The down side was the price £230 for two nighs which DID NOT!! include breakfast which was an extra £10 each. We ate in the restaurant in the evening and the food was o.k. not much variety though. Overall we had a nice time and would stay here again if attending a concert but only really due to its convenience.	
Apr 4 2006	Good choice for a concert stay	Overall a nice, effortless stay. The hotel is very close to the tube and Wembley Arena was a few minutes walk away which was handy as we went to a concert.Our room was modern, clean and spacious if a bit cold perhaps.Breakfast at the hotel needs improving though. The 'Continental Breakfast' (included in our room rate) consisted of cereal, toast, marmelade and cheese! Usually you would expect 3 star hotels to have a slightly wider selection including cold meats, cucumber, salad, tomato, fruit etc. so that was a bit of a disappointment. They also serve English Breakfast for a £5 supplement but it did not look very inviting and a waitress was made to stand by the English Breakfast table to make sure no one would 'steal' any of it unless they had paid for it... But, as said in the beginning, overall a nice stay and I would go again. Breakfast 'system' + food selection needs improving!	
Oct 8 2004	great room average service	on first impressions its a converted office block .but inside its a great hotel , rooms are large and well fitted , only let down by attention to detail eg, no milk on tea tray ,towel rail very loose on wall. but comfy beds and nicemodern feel to the rooms . give the restaurant a miss unless like myself and others last night before seeing sarah brightman you you don`t mind waiting 40 mins for a dover sole , or 20 mins for a luke warm frozen pizza  but hey you could do a lot worse in london overall a good hotel only let down by un organised restaurant .	
Jun 1 2004	excellent hotel	went to see cher in concert at the wembley arena and this hotel is a 2 minute walk to arena. has a free car park, which is an advantage. get the tube into central london for sightseeing!! nice large room with 2 double beds plenty of tea and coffee, can open windows. spotlessly clean. nice bathroom also spotless. good restaurant and bar. great staff. better than the wembley plaza hotel(the other side of wembley arena) which badly needs refurbishing and wasn't too clean either. also smaller rooms. would definately recommend especially if you are going to a concert at wembley.	
Nov 5 2006 	Gutes preis und leistungverheltnis		
