	Dog Friendly London!	The Best Western Mornington is an average hotel - we stayed here because they allowed our dog to stay and Best Western's tend to be pet friendly so when traveling with a large dog, we know we can rely on the Best Western. The location is good - it is near 2 tube stops and 5 minute walk to Hyde Park, which is also very good with the dog. There is not parking, but it was very easy to find street parking. The rooms are very small, even for London standards and look like they need a bit of a clean / refurbish. The internet was awful. I could not get it to work on my computer and noticed several people having the same problem - the staff could not help with this. Overall, the hotel is average. It was not very expensive and since we are regular visitors to London, it was fine for us. If you are just looking for somewhere safe and clean to spend the night, this is fine. If you are looking for luxury and are new to London, try somewhere else.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not Good	This Hotel doesn't even come up to Travel Lodge standards.Why would you want laminate flooring in a bedroom, And then put a rug on it?! Dangerous I thought.The shower fixings were hanging out of the wall and flooded the whole bathroom.The wardrobe! That was a whole new experience for me.Not even up to Travel Lodge standards, would never recommend this hotel.	
Sep 19 2009 	Convenient location and generally good value	The Mornington Hotel is centrally located, handy for Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate tube station, and within walking distance of the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street. The frontage of the hotel is not very impressive, particularly since the hotel adjoins an empty, run-down building. However, walking through the front door restores confidence. The reception area is pleasant, if rather dreary with its abundance of dark wood. Check-in was efficient and I took the small, modern lift to the fifth floor.The room was a decent sized single, which was reasonably cheerful in its decor and was adequately furnished (with some rough edges). Some outside noise could be heard in the room, but this was not excessive for London. Room facilities included tea and coffee making facilities in the closet, a large floor-standing fan, and an old TV with a range of satellite channels (but which didn't work). The carpet was noticeably stained/soiled infront of the bathroom door and really should have been replaced. A particular annoyance was the reading lamp which was mounted far too low on the wall above the bed - it was very easy to hit your head on it while in bed. Only one pillow was provided on the bed and there was no extra pillow in the room. However, I requested an additional pillow and some soap (which was missing) from reception, and these items were delivered very promptly. The single bed was reasonably comfortable but seemed to slope down slightly across its width, and sleeping on it felt a bit like clinging on to a ledge. The room was warm during the night and I didn't sleep very well.The ensuite bathroom was nicely finished with a white suite including a bath (though not quite full-sized). An unusual feature of the bathroom (for a hotel room) was that it had a window. There was immediate hot water available. On the negative side, the towels were rather rough and there was little in the way of soaps/gels/shampoos provided.Breakfast was included in the room rate and was available in the basement dining room. On walking into the breakfast room, it seemed a little chaotic, with nobody to greet you or even to serve tea/coffee and toast. The breakfast was completely self-service. Mainly cold options were available, but the choice seemed adequate and their fresh fruit yogurt was absolutely delicious. However, on the whole, I did not find the breakfast a very satisfying or relaxing experience.This is a fairly good central London hotel (with some reservations) and at the B&amp;B price of £62 that I paid through booking.com, it can be considered good value for money.	
Sep 9 2009 	Not somewhere I'd choose to stay again!	I stayed here for work as there was not a lot of availability since it was last minute. The location is good and on arrival it looked pretty good. This was until you got to the room. For a 3 start hotel the room was very basic. As other's have mentioned there was a step between the room and the bathroom (for no reason) that you stub your foot on or trip over every time you go in or out the bathroom. There is no air conditioning and they did not have a fan they could give us so we kept the windows open which does make it very noisy at times, especially as the room overlooked a local pub. The floor did not have carpet and was noisy and creaked every time you moved, so not great.The bar is tiny with a very limited selection of drinks and you felt like you were interrupting the conversation between the bar staff and her boyfriend if you dared to ask for a drink!!Breakfast the next morning was not good at all! The breakfast room is very quiet with laminate flooring, which was really noisy as I walked to and fro the buffet table, it could really do with some background music. The fruit salad was from a tin, there was no bacon!!! and the tomatoes were in the hot buffet container but were completely raw!! All I can say about the sausages is that they were very odd! Definitely the worst breakfast experience ever! Sorry I won't be back!	
Sep 8 2009	Great Breakfast	I visited The mornington 2003 but I couldn't write the date of stay here correctly. The hotel was really fine, and the location is nice, next to hyde park. One thing that I remember the best is the breakfast which was really awesome. Rooms were also clean enough, a little bit of dust under beds but the most important bathroom was clean. I would recommend to a friend, although this is a bit expencive.	
Aug 10 2009 	Extactly what we wanted	I visit London (and UK in general) for business regularily, having the privilege of staying at the higher end hotels at my client's expense. In this case however, I wanted to treat my 14-year-old daughter to a 3-day London trip, her first time there. As a father-daughter quality time trip, her expectations were high and my budget low thus I spent a lot of time checking the various hotels in the three-star range here on TripAdvisor - just to be shocked by the massive amount of unfavourable reviews in this segment! The Mornington was listed on the SAS hotel booking site, and in the end it seemed to have the least unfavourable reviews among many, and a very good price too. Having stayed at other Best Western hotels many times, I chose it.You can say a lot about the prices of hotel rooms in London, it is expensive and that's just how it is. You can also say a lot about tiny rooms, labyrinth corridors, lack of air conditioning and maybe so-so housekeeping, but that is just how budget town-house hotels in London are, and craving travellers need to realize that. The Mornington gave us exactly what we were looking for. Reasonable rates, convenient location and most of all - I sent a message to the hotel asking for a smoking room but, also a room next to my daughter - who of course needs non-smoking. Much to my surprise, that is what we got and it made me very happy. The room had a small desk where I could hook up to free wireless network and relax after my daughter went to bed, the bathroom was clean and equipped with the necesssary basics. The bed was fully adequate and, the reception was beautiful in classic British library / club style. My daughter found a spider in her bed, which just proves the earth is a live planet. Probably got in through the open window.We chose the rate without breakfast; I find it much nicer to find a local street cafe in the mornings, looking at the hustle and bustle. Hotel breakfasts are always over-priced, wherever in the world you are. I have only one small observation: While the evening reception staff was smiling and welcoming, the receptionist who received us on arrival Tuesday afternoon was business-like and expressionless. Small thing, but a welcoming smile is so effortless and makes a difference!We had a wonderful stay in London, and will not hesitate to book this hotel again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Excellent Location and Very Friendly Staff. Extremly convenient to travel everywhere.	Enjoyed staying at this lovely hotel. Ideal for Shopping and being in London. Great Breakfast. Stayed with a group of friends- Most of us had good rooms except one .Would definately return	
Jul 5 2009 	Hotel in a horrible state of neglect: Filthy carpet water damage and uncaring staff	First, I live in central Florida, so I am already familiar with tourist hotels and accomdations. I have also lived in Europe in the past and have travelled extensively overseas. Never have I encountered a hotel like this one. I cannot believe that Best Western would allow the rental of the hotel room we experienced here. The room was very filthy and in disrepair when we went in. I paid $1247.67 for 5 nights in advance through Expedia (an average of $249.53 per night). I could not get my money back from Expedia or from Best Western Mornington hotel when I discovered how bad the room was. Complaints:• Water damage. The tiles on the wall under the shower head were cracked and water allowed to leak into the wall. This was obviously allowed to go on for some time because on the other side, the wall and baseboard were distorted. A portion of the bottom of the wall had collapsed inward from the previous water damage and there was mildew present. Since there were wires in this wall, the leaking shower represented a fire hazard as well. • Filthy carpeting. The carpet was very, very dirty with rips, tears, and excessive staining so bad that I didn't want to walk on the carpet without shoes. I have never stayed before in a Best Western hotel that had carpeting was in such a severe state of neglect. • Uncomfortable beds. The beds were like sleeping on a rock. They only put a sheet over the mattress – no padding at all underneath the sheet. When I saw that padding was available, I made them put it on the beds. However, it is ridiculous that I would have to even ask for a mattress pad to be put on the bed! Even after they put the pads on, the housekeeping staff only wrapped the bottom sheet around the pad and laid it on the bed. So, the rest of the mattress was exposed. There was no bed-skirt around any of the 3 beds, so the bottom of the beds was completely exposed. Very unattractive and very unprofessional. Even after they put on the mattress pads, I had to sleep on top of the blanket-sheet combo top sheet that was provided. I used the bedspread like a sheet. • Uncomfortably hot room. Most of Europe does not have air conditioning. One small fan was provided for a split level room. The room only had one window and there was very little air circulation. We went out and purchased an oscillating fan at our own expense for £19.99 ($35.98).• No breakfast. When we arrived, we were told that the rate we paid did not include breakfast. I haven’t been to a Best Western hotel yet that didn’t allow us to eat a continental breakfast for free. They charge £10 (English Pounds)= ($16) per person for breakfast. The hotel charges I paid were not cheap by any means. When I complained about the conditions of the bedding, the staff at the front desk only asked if I had complained on the very first day about the room. We arrived on Tuesday in the later afternoon. I complained on Wednesday in the morning. So, the implication that I had not informed them about my displeasure in a timely enough manner is inexcusable. How can I know if the beds are comfortable until I sleep on them? The lady at the front desk acted as if it was my fault that the room was unacceptable. When I started telling her about the filthiness of the room, she only said, “If you have many complaints about the room, you can write them down and give them to the manager.” Her entire attitude was that of she was uninterested in hearing about what was wrong with the room and she was not going to fix anything if she didn’t have too. The houskeeping supervisor looked around the room and I pointed out the water damage and mildew, along with the dirty carpeting. She replied that “the room was one that was slated for renovation,” and that “they would try to clean it up for you.” I told her I didn’t know how she planned to clean up the ground in dirt and stains in the carpeting in a single round of housekeeping since it took years to accumulate that amount of dirt into the carpet or how she was going to fix the mildew in the crumbling wall. This housekeeping supervisor stated that they could move us to a different room that had wooden floors (parkay), but no attempt was really made to do this. Instead, they vacuumed the room, but other than the vacuum cleaner track marks, not much changed in the filthiness of the carpeting. I can’t believe that this was the best room that Best Western had to offer us or that they even rented this room out! How disgusting! I would have expected this out of a hotel in a slum area, certainly not from a 3-star hotel and certainly not from a Best Western. After I complained to corporate offices upon our return to the United States, Best Western Mornington insulted us further by offering only to reimburse us a paltry £50 ($90) for everything we experienced there, After I complained that this offer was an insult, Best Western corporate only offered to send a $100 gift card redeemable when I stay with Best Western again. NO WAY! NEVER AGAIN! Now that you know how Best Western corporate will treat you if you complain about their hotels, you should stay away from them too.	
Jul 3 2009 	THE WORST HOTEL I'VE EVER STOPPED AT	A truly awful hotel in my opinion.I'll summarise my main issues:1-small rooms2- damp sheets3- poorly secure door4- a bar than only sells a couple of bottles of beer (and is tiny)5- cold, part cooked breakfast6- small breakfast area with limited seating6- mould in the bathroom7- a secure luggage room which was unlockedI've stopped all over the world and had some hovels but believe me this takes the biscuit. I would stronly urgen you to pay a few more quid and stop at the corus hotel across the road...	
Jun 19 2009 	Disgusting for a Best Western. Dirty Carpets worn tiny rooms 	The hotel lobby looks nice and gives the impression of a fine hotel. The staff are polite and everything looks good. Until you walk in past the lobby. The carpets are worn, dirty and old. We had booked 2 rooms and both rooms had worn dirty carpets. Our room had horrible stains on the carpet. The rooms are very small. The hotel is not worth the £135 per room! The breakfast was very disappointing. NO BACON! Just poor silly little sausages that look like something from Iceland 50 for 99p. Overcooked and poor. Yet the Best Western website states a full extensive English breakfast! Not the worst hotel I have stayed in but incredibly poor for a Best Western! [--]	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice hotel with good location	This month I spent 3 nights at Mornington and enjoyed the stay. The bathroom was nice and clean and the room itself appeared to have been painted not very long ago. (Didn't like the carpet on the floor, though....) The breakfast (buffet) was good. (Plus for the bread and fresh orange juice.) The hotel is located in the Bayswater area and the subway station Lancaster Gate was 2-3 minutes walk away from the hotel. Thus it was easy to get to other places in the city. Paddington station is about 10 minutes walk away from the hotel and since Heathrow Express goes directly to Paddington the access to the hotel was very easy. I also enjoyed having Hyde Park so close. A nice little walk in the park in the evening was a good way of calming down after a busy sightseeing day.	
Mar 27 2009 	A Pleasure	Stayed here originally for the London Marathon 2007. Arrived at Lancaster Gate and sat in Kensington Gardens with an ice cream. Hotel easy to find and looked good. Staff very helpful. The room was adequate. The breakfast is very good just no Bacon?? but all you can eat at no extra cost. My good lady is Head Housekeeper at a major Hotel chain and she didn't rip the cleanliness to bits. Liked it that much stayed again for the 2008 London marathon. Guess where I am staying this April - Spot on 'The Mornington'.I admit it isnt the Ritz but like the adverts say ' it does what it says on the tin'.	
Dec 24 2008 	Good time	I spent there 6 nights in October till November, the room was ok for a quick stay like mine, the room is fine toilets are clean and neat, i would stay there for my next visit. For all people who think its a luxury hotel, its a very simple British bed and breakfast hotel.	
Dec 7 2008 	give it a miss	Room exceedingly shabby, bed cover stained,curtains looked filthy. linen threadbare. kettle did not work. no spoon to make tea/coffee. Although bar had only just closed refused drink. Breakfast appalling, cooked items luke warm, coffee stone cold. A disaster all round.	
Nov 23 2008 	Check the mattress!	I recently booked 3 single rooms here for myself and two colleagues when we were at a nearby conference. The rate for the hotel seemed good and the staff were helpful when booking and upon arrival.We all went to our rooms to freshen up before an evening meal.The single room I had been allocated seemed fine. Maybe a little dated but fine for the class of hotel and room cost.I pulled back the bed cover to air the bed to find the entire mattress sides had rotted away and were non-exiistant!. A quick call to reception brought instant attention and a move to a different room.I cannot fault the way in which my problem was dealt with but am amazed that the problem hadn't been picked up by room service and sorted out! The bed had OBVIOUSLY been in that state for months/years!My advice for travellers to this hotel - check the mattress!	
Oct 16 2008 	Good location tiny room	This hotel is situated not far from Hyde Park and in a nice neighbourhood not too far from the Paddington Underground Station. From the outside the hotel look fairly nice and the reception was very charming and &quot;British&quot; with heavy and dark exclusive looking furniture. There was complimentary tea and coffee as well as newspapers and books. We had to wait an extra hour for our room, but the staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was TINY. I have never stayed in a smaller hotel room. The double bed was narrow and definitely not suited for anyone above average weight and height. There was no room for our suitcases and we literally tripped over everything for the two days we stayed there. When that is said...the room was clean and the bathroom light and a bit more spacious than expected after seeing the room. There was no air-condition, but we weren't particurlary bothered with heat even in the midts of summer. On the opposite side of the street from our window there was a pub, but there wasn't much noise after elleven thirty at night. A great breakfast was included in the price.All in all a decent hotel, but not for those of you who prefer a bit extra.	
Sep 23 2008 	Don't go!	Great location, great lobby and the panelling looked nice. The rooms however were tatty and threadbare, bedding and furniture well past their sell-by date. We turned down the first and second rooms before settling for the third. We booked this hotel for a 25th anniversary trip and were bitterly disappointed. most of the staff were morose (apart from one) and breakfast was frankly a big let-down with everything in short supply, even the coffee. This hotel does not present a good impression of the UK. You'd be better off settling for a Premier Inn or Travelodge which are cheaper but clean and you know what you are getting.	
Sep 7 2008 	Glad work were paying	Stying here for a work do which was taking place at the Dorchester across the Park. Shame we were not staying there.......Still, as I walked in to the lovely wooden pannelled reception and bar, I thought what a nice boutique work had booked us into. However as soon as I checked in and went to the lift, I realised that looks can be deceiving indeed.....I had a very, very small room which took some time finding in the rabbit warren of corridors and fire doors. The standard of furnishing was very plain and the towels were very threadbare. If you do stay there - here is a little warning; I must had kicked the step between the bathroom and room at least 5 times. Not sure why it is even there. No air con, just a fan. I did find the bed quite comfortable as opposed to other reports I have read. The plumbing can only be described as &quot;agricultural&quot;.However, I cant really complain as it was just a place to crash for the night and I wasn't paying. It was a 3 star hotel and to be fair it is very reminiscent of small hotels in Paris, I didn't have breakfast as I had left the hotel by the time serving commenced at 7.00am. There was no room service. Still at a rate of £99 for a central London hotel I suppose it isn't bad. I am a bit surprised it is a Best Western hotel though.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great location let down by poor rooms	Central location, but the rooms are small, without air conditioning although a fan is provided, the window would not stay open. The walls are really thin so you can hear people in the rooms either side, above and below, reasonably clean but the bath towels were threadbare. Staff were helpful and polite. The free wifi worked intermittantly or not at all. For the cost I would have expected better.	
Apr 25 2008	Well below average.....	My sister and I stayed here in the fall of 2005. Twin-bedded room. I nearly killed myself getting into the bathroom. There was a 5&quot; high step up that just served no purpose whatsoever. We're used to smallish rooms in London, so we didn't expect much. The room was filthy. Carpeting was threadbare, and stained. Bed linens only partially covered the mattresses. The bed lamps hung over the bed, and you would hit your head on them every time you got up or down. There was no closet, no drawers....we had to live out of suitcases on the floor. The only thing they had, was a very small nightstand stuck inside what should have been a closet (no door) with a kettle @ 2 cups for tea/coffee. Underneath were 2 small cubbyholes that I suppose were meant for our clothing. This was before the smoking ban, and the entire hotel just stank of stale cigarette smoke..hallways, bedrooms, the lobby area was the worst...... I will say, the breakfast room was clean, and breakfast was fine. Not a cooked breakfast, but certainly adequate. Staff were pretty much non-existant, except for the bartender on duty in the evenings. We each had 1 suitcase, but could not fit inside the elevator together (we are not large women). It was the size of a phone booth, maybe a little larger, and very scary with all the noise it made. Since it was a package deal, I can't say what the room charge was, but looking at the prices they advertise, I'm speechless.	
Apr 12 2008	Horrible	Well all i have to say about this hotel is great location, right in the centre on Hyde park, unfortunately thats where it ends.The room was small, very small in fact, advertised Wi-Fi, cool, but only worked for about half the stay, not so good, and to top it off, while in the room, the sink broke! yes the front fell off when i was not even in the bathroom, notified the reception desk, they sent someone to look, who said &quot;you broke it&quot; they left the broken pieces in the sink where i put them! and that was it, i got charged £100 for the breakage, left in a room with an unusable sink, management would hear none of it at the hotel and since with written a complaint, might aswell talk to a brick wall so i wouldn't advice anyone to use this hotel, i sure won't...	
Apr 7 2008 	Bargain stay	This hotel is ideally situated in west London, a five minute walk from Paddington station. It is located in a quite road, a block from the northern end of Hyde Park. As such it's an ideal location to base yourself for a visit to London.The hotel itself is, as usual for this part of London, a converted town house. The check in area has a very relaxing feel about it. There's a number of leather sofas near the reception area, and in an adjoining area is a reading room with old books, and tea and coffee available. The staff were very friendly and efficient, providing swift check in and check out.As for the room itself, ours was quite spacious for this type of hotel, with ample room in the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and there was the usual tea/coffee making facilities. The tv was a bit of a let down as it only had the UK's five terrestrial channels and four radio stations. A minor gripe as who books a hotel room for it's tv?!The only thing I didn't like was the breakfast. There was cooked English (which didn't look or taste very nice) and a poor selection of continental type food. The OJ was good though!Other than the breakfast, I was impressed with the hotel and would use again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Not bad	I booked a double room for a special rate instead of the recommended £169 for that night.The room was clean and had no problems with it all except for the fact that I could hear people walking about and taking showers in the morning. The walls must be very thin!It was a nice enough, clean room but it was not worth the recommended price at all though!	
Jan 31 2008	Horrible!	This hotel is the worst i have ever stayed in. On arrival the receptionist was abrupt but not a big problem. The lobby was fine. Clean and relaxed. The room was very small for two people. We kept bumping into each other when we were getting ready. Bathroom was small but at least the shower was good and powerful. The site said each room had a scandanavian feel to it. That may have been true during the last winter olympics if the mens downhill was on the TV in one of the rooms perhaps, but that would be all.Though basic, it was ok but the main reason for this bad review was breakfast. Disgusting to say the least. We arrived down at 9.30, so well before the end of service at 10. Most tables had half eaten plates of food still on them. It was a buffet but there was, no hot food left bar 2 or 3 cold sausages, no mugs for tea or coffee, no knives left and only a few forks and no juice left. The only food on offer was sliced ham, cereal but no cold milk, and some stale bread. The staff seemed to be overwhelmed. We left to get food elsewhere. On checking out the receptionist was rude to the people checking out just before us. Very unprofessional.One good thing about the hotel was how close it is to the tube and the area is nice. Other than that, terrible hotel!	
Dec 22 2007 	Basic - but adequate	Stayed at the Best western Mornington on a 2 night, 3 day city break to London. Just a couple of minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park (beautiful at xmas!).On entering, the lobby / reception is quite grand, with oak panneling etc. We were checked in and went upto our room, which was clean and serviceable, (no mould or dirty net curtains as per previous reviews), but it really was very small!!!!! If I had been there for more than a couple of days, that may have been an issue, but we only really slept and got ready in there, so it didn't matter.Breakfast was ok, usual self service, choice of hot &amp; cold buffet.All in all a basic, but adequate hotel.	
Oct 26 2007 	Adequate	Good points = Location , very close to Hyde Park ..nice quite area Breakfast , lots of choice, eat as much as you want Lobby /bar area, comfortable, quite and relaxing. Staff friendly and helpful.Bad points = Very dirty net curtains in room (very black!)  Tatty furnishings ( chair seat had big rip in it)  Over heated (although you can open windows)Over all it was adequte for a couple of nights stay ...would have been much too hot in summer ..but as it was freezing cold when we stayed the over heating was not much of a problem. The hotel states a check in time of 2pm but when we arrived at 3.30pm the room was still not ready and we had to wait for a further 45 minutes before we could get into the room. The bathroom was clean and well maintained although the room itself looked in need of redecoration and replacement of furnishiings.	
Oct 4 2007 	Mould!!!	This hotel is ideally situated for Paddington Station, and is opposite Hyde Park, handy for shops, etc. Reception was fine and helpful. The room booked was downstairs, and was dark and dingy when we entered. There were definitely no frills and at £140 per night not value for money... but that's London! The bathroom was basic and dated, as was the room. There was mould all over the grouting in the tiles, and was creeping onto the tiles. There was also a mouldy damp patch above the bed. The room was opposite a pub which received a delivery very early in the morning so banging and clanging of heavy beer kegs could be heard. Definitely no wow factor, but basic and convenient.	
Aug 5 2007	Not good!	we arrived to discover that the hotel had cancelled the room booked for our children despite my calling the day before to confirm the booking. They were then allocated a room in the basement. There was a large damp patch on the wall outside the room and the smell of damp permeated the room. The room was of ample size with a double and two fold down beds. The bathroom was in poor condition and the decor needed refreshing. Our room on the first floor was tiny and had the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in. There is no cold water, in fact the cold tap was often warmer than the hot tap water, this was the same in both rooms and we had to use bottled water for brushing teeth. There was complimentary tea and coffee in the lounge which was good but the mugs were stained and needed replacing. The breakfast was good and with the option to squeeze your own fresh orange juice! The location is in a pleasant and quiet area not too far from the centre although has a limited bus service and we often had to walk from marble arch. In all the hotel is pleasant but needs considerable upgrading.	
Jul 23 2007 	nice	We booked an &quot;Early Web Special&quot; (77 pounds a night, tax included) That´s a really good fare for London AND Best Western standard.The lobby ist clean and cozy - reminiscent of Victorian style. The rooms are absolutely clean, too. They are indeed quite small, which did not bother us at all, because we did not want to waltz around the room. There is however no aircondition, but there´s a fan, which compensates. I was totally happy with the breakfast. I love English breakfast! But if you don´t like sausages and baked beans there´s also continental breakfast including oranges to squeeze your own juice. (Though they should provide ice cubes, because the oranges are room temperature.) The breakfast room itself is pretty hot, too. Try sitting near one of of the fans...The staff is totally rude! The night shift Some hardly mastered the English language.The next underground station is maybe 150 metres away.	
Jul 9 2007	Very hot small rooms needs a refurb	The hotel rooms are tiny and extremely hot as there is no A/C!Overall it is servicable but desperate for a refurb.The good news is the shower was GREAT!	
Apr 16 2007 	Bad Stay away	I would not recommend this MOtel to anyone, even a stranger like you. Please do Not stay here. It smells moldy as soon as you step in. The staff are young and I talked to two of them and they were bartenders before working here. I tipped the maid the first morning--only later when I was wiping my hands to find out the towels had not been changed! Disgusting! Who knows if they cleaned anything! So I went downstairs to get new towels &amp; sheets because no one was available for the person to leave the front desk. When I got there, I was told they only had one. Absolutely ridiculous! It was sweltering (being in July) so I left the window open a crack (no screens), no fans, and there's a pub right outside the window. It's only a place to sleep. Fortunately I had friends to see in the evening after they were done with work so I could fall asleep as soon as I got to my room.	
Oct 21 2006	Mixed results	I had stayed in Mornington Hotel years ago when it was still under the Swedish ownership. Back then it was well run, well organised hotel with excellent breakfast. When we returned this September for a weeks stay, I wasn't equally pleased. 1) The room while clean, was very hot (London was having a heatwave 75F/25C) and very noisy . There was a fan in the room, but to cool the room we also wanted to keep the window open. Unfortunately our room faced the street side and under our windows there was a constant parade of buses, delivery trucks and cabs, all with engines running and with noisy deliveries to make all night long.2) The bathroom was decent enough, but the shower head was rather clogged and could have used a thorough de-cal.3) The staff was rather non-existant, on the other hand we didn't need their services either.4) The breakfast was a far cry from it's former self! There was a buffet style breakfast but in each morning there was only one loaf of decent bread for toasting! If you came in a bit late, there was no more loaf bread to be had. There was some wonderbread by the toasters, but that tasted like dried up saw dust!5) Location was great, except the Lancaster Gate tube station was under repair and closed. But it's in an easy walking distance to many restaurants and pubs, and there were several buses and also other tube stations to hop on for further transport. On the whole, I don't think I can whole heartedly recommend the Mornington Hotel anymore. Which is really too bad, as it really used to be an excellent hotel.	
Mar 14 2006	Great Family Room	I poured over reviews of hotels before heading to London with a family of four. It was a last minute trip, so we decided to go and just get a room using a last minute hotel service at Gatwick train station (not in the airport itself). I had done enough research to know that a family room is hard to find. (Keep in mind, we were not going at a peak tourist time.) Given I didn't research anything about the Mornington, I didn't know what to expect. We were told when the agent booked it that the room we were getting was only available for a couple of nights, and we would have to move to two double rooms for the last few nights. The hotel told us they would try their best to keep us in the room for our 4 night stay. They did, and we didn't have to move. Very accommodating staff!The location was wonderful. Right across from Kensington Park on a nice quite street. Easy to get to the tube and close to a Big Bus tour stop.The lobby was lovely (a little too smoky, but everything in London is). Our room was non-smoking. We were on the ground level. We had four single beds in our room (one was a Murphy bed). It seemed clean and was plenty spacious for our needs. The floors were newly done. The bathroom was small but had great water pressure. The shower would leak out onto the floor, even with the curtain inside the tub, so you need to request an extra towel to mop up water. We never ran out of hot water. Our beds were very comfortable and it was nice to have four singles. Everyone got a good night sleep after a full day in London. We were only in the room to sleep, not hang out. The breakfast buffet was very nice and the staff very accommodating. You could even squeeze your own fresh orange juice. Plenty of cereals, meats, eggs, cheeses, beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, and breads with jams. We really didn't need lunch during the day after having a big breakfast. Eating in London is very expensive, so having breakfast included is a real plus.Overall, our stay was very nice and recommend it to families with a realist expectation of London hotels in the $200 (American dollar) range.	
Jan 13 2006	Nice budget hotel	I stayed here one night in Dec prior to heading out on a cruise, but my parents had four nights. I had a single room at 79GPB per night ($140). My parents had the double room. I agree with the previous posters with regards to the size of the rooms. They are very small. My single room was the size of my college dorm room (a private single dorm), excluding the bathroom. The bathroom was actually a plus as it was fairly spacious and very modern and had a built-in hair dryer. The room itself was decorated nicely in that modern Danish look, but the single bed truely was just a step above a cot. In addition, the bed had only a light coverlet but no extra blankets, which forced me to keep the windows closed when I usually like to have some fresh air. There was no storage space for clothes, just one small wardrobe in which to hang coats or suits. Another drawback of the hotel was the tight elevator and corridors. There were endless fire doors and I had trouble navigating through the hallways with my cruise luggage (two large suitcases, carry-on and purses) and staff provided no assistance whatsoever. I didn't get the feeling that this was a hotel where people stayed very long. Two big pluses were the location (proximate to Hyde Park, literally just around the corner and Paddington is a popular tourist location full of pubs, little restaurants, and small convenience stores), and the excellent full breakfast buffet in a charming breakfast room. The lobby is charming and there's a library in which guests can read papers and order drinks (but don't ask for coffee or dessert because even though they're on the menu they never had them available). A nice budget range hotel all in all.	
Oct 4 2005	Great Value	We just returned from a 5-night stay at the Best Western Mornington Hotel in London. Overall, we thought the hotel was a great value, given the exorbitant hotel rates in London. Our room was very clean and was kept so throughout our stay by the staff. The bathroom in the room was perfectly nice and clean. The room was relatively small, which we expected, and had a comfortable double bed (actually two twin beds together, which was fine). The room did not have an iron, but irons and ironing boards were available free of charge from the front desk. We did not try the breakfast, because the Expedia rate we booked (which was lower than that advertised by Best Western) did not include the breakfast, which is otherwise standard.The best attribute of the hotel was its location near Hyde Park, within 5 minutes of the Lancaster Gate Underground station. We were able to reach all major attractions easily by the Tube. There was not an abudance of restaurants/cafes right near the hotel, but are available a few blocks away. I would not depend on the free internet access advertised, as I had trouble connecting from the hotel computer. Overall, a great bargain.	
Oct 3 2005 	VERY DISAPPOINTING as a Best Western location !	Stayed there during weekdays for 3 nights.Do not expect much, rather than a basic small bedding in a bare small room, but overall clean.Close to public transportation and accross Hyde Park for nice walk/ exerciseNice english buffet breakfastThe room was cold - draught from the window.The computer downstairs did work at the slowest speed ever BUT for only two daysFront desk polite but when I asked for a cab to go to Harrods, an independant car picked me up and got me lost at an expensive rate fare in another area, like if he did not know where Harrods was: I had to show him twice my two maps so the driver would eventually find his way.Do not recommend, especially because Best Western usually give a better treat to its guests: in that sense, this hotel is very below general Best Western standarts.	
Jul 14 2005	Enjoyed stay in family room	After researching hotels in London, I am convinced that the Mornington Hotel is a good value for the money. Obviously, the room will be small by US standards, as most hotel rooms in London are. But we looked hard for a family room that would accommodate 4 people ( a rarity in London, I think). The room was adequate and had a quaint feel to it. The room had a loft area with a full-size bed. The two twin beds were rather small, however, with one being more like a cot. The lobby was clean and elegant. The breakfast was okay, and it was nice to eat before setting out on a day's excursion, as breakfast in a restaurant will set you back a bit of money. The location was good, and my family felt safe walking to all the nearby tube stations as well as Kensington Park. Overall, I would recommend the Mornington Hotel.	
May 10 2005	Great location and perfect for families	We stayed at the Mornington twice within the same month, and both times were very pleased. We have two young children, and the family room was perfect for us. The location close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, as well as the tube station, was very convenient, and we were able to walk a short distance to Paddington Station to use the Heathrow Express. The staff was helpful and pleasant, and the breakfast was family friendly with a good variety. Our room was clean and we were able to store our luggage after checking out. We will definitely plan to stay there again.	
Apr 20 2005	Just gross	Very small rooms, with very poor ventilation. Beds are jammed up against the wall, and the rooms aren't much larger than the bed. Really. It's a comedy trying to get in and out of the bed. The bed cover was ragged and didn't appear clean. Ventilation was a non-starter. We were there in hot weather and sweltered in our room, which didn't appear to have been dusted in weeks. The hallways were dank, musty, and nasty and the hotel is a maze that is difficult to navigate. The only saving grace is proximity to Hyde Park, but that's not enough to make me go back and endure this torture at any price. This place makes youth hostels look like the Ritz Carlton. Best Western should be ashamed to have their name on this dump.	
Dec 19 2004	Utilitarian	This hotel is totally utilitarian. The room was quiet but lacked heat for which we were able to get a space heater. The buffet breakfast which is included had a good variety and you are within 3 - 5 minutes of a Central Line tube station. Basically, you get what you pay for.	
Aug 3 2004	Horrible experience!	The sheets only covered a &quot;coverlet&quot; on the top of the mattress and not the whole mattress. The mattress cover was badly stained. The &quot;fix&quot; of the hotel staff was to deliver two flat sheets to the room, without offer of assistance to even put the sheets on the bed. The sheets were not even the right size for the bed. The bed was very low to the floor. The room not much bigger than the bed. The TV was near the ceiling hung from the wall. The room was very hot and the hotel front desk had run out of fans. The room had only been set up for one person to stay - one cup, one mug... despite a two-person booking. It was so bad, we left. I would not recommend this hotel to my enemies.	
Jun 21 2004	Less for your money	The hotel was rated 3-star, but it looked, felt, and smelt more like a 2-star hotel. The room smelt of cigarette even though the receptionist told me it was a non-smoking room - I would say it was fairly unusual for a non-smoking room to have an ashtray with a box of matches in the room. The room was not air-conditioned - which was ok during mild weather. It was a very old building - I could hear creaking noises from people walking outside my room and lifts operating. A hotel guest a floor below me had an angry phone conversation for 2 hours until 2am and that kept me awake. I complained to the receptionist and they weren't quite sure what to do. Breakfast was aplenty in the morning, but it's more quantity than quality. Depending on the time of the morning - between 7 and 10am - it could get busy. And the hotel staff - normally just one serving the breakfast room - does not clean as fast as guest arrivals. I had my breakfast among table full of empty plates, mugs, etc. Do not expect too much service... The only saving grace was the close proximity of the hotel (or should I say motel) to the tube station, which was about 5 mins walk away, and to Paddington station (10 mins) for the Heathrow Express. I made my booking from the internet and got cheap rates. However, at normal rate of 120 pound per single room, I am convinced you could find something better at that rate.	
May 19 2004	Best in Class	OverviewLondon hotel prices range from the reasonable to the ruinous. Pitfalls abound throughout, especially in the popular medium-price tourist category, where the grading system can be anything but reliable.Pick the wrong one in this category, and you could wind up in accommodation that is dirty, noisy, inconvenient, and staffed by surly, uncommunicative halfwits to whom every language is foreign, including English. Doors will bang. Floors will creak. Bathrooms will be small, stained and shabby. Beds will be uncomfortable. Room carpets will be soiled and threadbare. Traffic and street noise through unglazed windows will persistently intrude. And the “optional” breakfast will not only be cold and meagre, it will be inedible and absurdly expensive.Given that as the reality, identifying a medium-class hotel of the right size in the right place at the right price with the right standards in London is as easy as finding the proverbial needle in the proverbial haystack.Welcome, then, to the needle: The Mornington Hotel, 12 Lancaster Gate, Bayswater, London.Details1) Overall quality: A small hotel in a Victorian terrace, the Mornington is privately owned and thoroughly maintained externally and internally. The lobby / reception area is surprisingly spacious and welcoming; the adjacent library room, complete with bar, is quiet, comfortable, and inviting. Rating: 5 out of 5.2) Location: Bayswater is not a “risk” area, so personal safety is not an issue. The hotel is on a quiet street parallel to, but away from, the busy Bayswater Road. Traffic / street noise is, therefore, not an issue, either. Accessibility is excellent: a couple of minutes’ easy stroll from reception brings one to Hyde Park: wide, quiet, beautiful. It is thus possible to amble leisurely through the capital as if one were, in fact, in the English countryside: Hyde Park leads into Green Park and Buckingham Palace; Green Park leads into St James’s Park (remember to take some bread and feed the ducks); and St James’s Park leads into Whitehall, Westminster, the Houses of Parliament, and The Thames (river boat service from here). Alternatively, a 5-minute walk from the hotel brings one to Lancaster Gate Underground Station, from which every part of London is accessible. The location is also convenient for taxi travel; after dining late in Leicester Square, we walked fifty yards back towards Piccadilly Circus, flagged a cab, and were returned to the hotel in less than 15 minutes. The fare (as at May, 2004) was £8 excluding tip for two people. Considering that the Underground fare would have been £2 each, the £4 premium was good value. Finally, for those unfamiliar with London, ‘The Big Bus Company’ is one of the best of any European capital city, with super service and great prices. Big Bus’s Lancaster Gate pick-up / drop-off point is a couple of minutes’ walk from the hotel. Location rating: 5 out of 5.3) Staff: Attentive, courteous, helpful, multi-lingual. Rating: 5 out of 5.4) Hotel amenities: London budget / medium-class hotels are notorious for poor, if not altogether non-existent, public areas. Guests can be entombed in claustrophobic bedrooms with nowhere to go except leave the hotel. The Mornington’s lobby and book-lined Library Bar are, however, spacious, comfortable, and welcoming. As a bonus, there’s also a secure baggage store: guests who may be departing late in the day can leave their suitcases etc safely in store after checking out and come back and collect them when they’re ready. Rating: 5 out of 5.5) Bedrooms. My son and I required two single rooms. We were allocated rooms 16 and 17. These turned out to be adjoining ground floor accommodations in their own little vestibule. Being single rooms, they were, as expected, fairly small, yet the actual calibre of the accommodation was first-rate. Fittings included a desk unit, wardrobe, table and chairs, remote control color TV (floor mounted: not some tiny screen stuck halfway up a wall), single bed, telephone, and night stand. Windows were double glazed and well draped. A nice touch was the polished wood flooring (with bedside rug). The ensuite bathroom was actually larger than the norm, with toilet, washbasin, tub and a superb shower notable for high water pressure. Bathroom amenities included tissues, soaps and shampoos etc, plenty of fluffy white towels, and a wall-mounted hair dryer. The standard of cleanliness in both bedroom and bathroom was exemplary. Rating: 5 out of 5.6) Breakfast. Unlike many other medium-price London hotels, the Mornington included breakfast in the room price it charged to us – it was not an expensive extra. Nor was it a so-called ‘Continental’ comprising some mouldy rolls and a couple of pots of marmalade. A full serve-yourself English breakfast was available – or Continental; choose as you wish – with plenty of choice. The breakfast room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. Rating: 5 out of 5.7) Tourism literature. No need for visitors to burden themselves with London info prior to arrival: the Mornington had, in our experience, one of the most comprehensive (and up to date) collections of leaflets, guides, maps etc of any hotel in London. Rating: 5 out of 5.8) Pricing. Rack rate varies according to room. We Googled our way to a special offer and paid £49 per person (i.e., single ensuite room each, inclusive of full breakfast and all taxes). Date of stay: May 17 2004. Conclusion.Over the years, we’ve stayed in dozens of London hotels, from budget to 5-star. Regardless of grading, we have always assessed these hotels on the only criteria that matters: value-for-money. By that yard-stick, The Mornington is definitely a best-in-class.We’ve never stayed there before – and have absolutely no connection with its owners or management – and so this appraisal is entirely objective. On the basis of our experience, therefore, we would unhesitatingly return to The Mornington – and unhesitatingly commend it to others. 	
May 17 2004	relaxed in London	My stay at the Mornington was perfect. I loved the location (so close to Hyde Park) and the cozy refinement of the hotel. The only problem I had was that my jet-lagged body never allowed me to get up in time to enjoy what sounded like a scrumptious breakfast.	
Apr 5 2004	Great location great price avoid room 507!	I have just returned from 3 nights in this hotel. Me and the wife got 3 nights bed and breakfast via a travel website for Â£213 which was excellent as the basic price for a double is Â£135 per night so we saved near enough Â£200The location of the hotel is excellent. 2 mins away from Lancaster gate tube and across the street from Hyde Park. Go through Hyde Park and you are in Kensington High street, only 10 mins walk.We got room 507 on the fifth and top floor but if you like/need spacious rooms then avoid this room! You could not swing the proverbial cat in it. We where going to ask for a bigger room but we decided to stay in it as we would be out and about anyway. Our room door was also at an immediate right angle to the entrance to the lift but this surprisingly did not cause us much trouble, we expected to be kept awake at all times with the sound of the lift opening and closing.The room was clean and decorated in the usual style you would expect from a chain hotel. The other negative point is that the fifth floor also seems to contain motors for one of the lifts and there was a constant drone from the motors.Someone else mentioned the heat - well the room was very hot at all times so we had to open the window. I thought a radiator was on but this was cold, it just seems that the heat in the building rises to the top floor.From the outisde this certainly looks an impressive hotel, 5 floors high and it a great location but function wise it's hard to describe it as a hotel, more a glorified bed and breakfast. There is no restaurant so you will have to eat locally in the evening, breakfast is served however and is buffett style and eat all you want so you can 'stock up' for your travels around London.There is a bar and this closes at 11pm sharp.The staff where polite enough when approached but could smile abit more.Overall I would ot hesitate to recommend the Mornington if you are looking for a base to put your head down at night and get a breakfast before heading out for a days journey around London.I would stay here again.....not in room 507 though! Then again maybe that's why I got such a good deal.	
Feb 17 2004	Good Location not far from Kensington Gardens	Handy location - round corner from Lancaster Gate Tube Station which connects with Oxford Street and Theatreland stops and also Liverpool St. station for connections on Standsted Express. In nice area near Kensington Gardens (for walking, jogging and watching the world go by)Cut through the park to Albert Hall and museums. Would stay again - only quibble was room was on ground floor and window did not lock. It was dark but comfortable. Only meal available was breakfast which was excellent and wide variety of cereals, cheese, juices etc.Nice pubs nearby for other meals at night. Got a good deal - got 4 nights for price of 3.	
Dec 12 2003	Family Room	My family of four just returned from London and stayed in this hotel. We had a very nice family room. Sofa bed and bath on the main floor and loft with very nice swedish King bed. Nice duvets...rather than bedspreads. A little shopworn furniture..but cheerful blue and yellow natural fabrics. The location was terrific. We had to walk a few blocks for food, but many things are available on Queensway and at the Whitleys mall for after touring hours. a 24 hour internet cafe is also close by.Everyone liked the help-yourself buffet breakfast rather than the lengthy sit down full english at other hotels. Short on table space on the weekends...get to breakfast before 9am...as everyone heads into breakfast then...because they have the 9:30am tube pass. Drawbacks: Room was very, very warm and could not be regulated (management was prompt in delivering a fan to help), sofabed matress was uncomfortable (arent they all) so the kids put it on the floor every night. We have stayed in many places in London and I would choose this hotel again. I like this area when staying with kids...they love the park and feeding the birds..something you can't do in Trafalgar square anymore. Lancaster Gate tube stop on the central line is a short walk away.	
Oct 28 2003	Average hotel good location	Our family of four stayed in the quad room which was very nice, but the bathroom was a bit too small. Having wood floors made it a bit noisey overhead. Breakfast was ample, but they were too slow replacing the food and there really wasn't enough seating for everyone. The location of the hotel was great and for the right price for a room we would stay there again.	
Jul 25 2003	Nice location good hotel	 The Mornington's best feature is it's location: A block from Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens, two blocks from the Lancaster Gate tube stop, four short blocks to Paddington Station, the London terminus of the Heathrow Express. The many ethnic restaurants of Queensway are a five minute walk away. It's just a very short block off busy Bayswater Road, but very quiet. The rooms in the hotel are very small by US standards, and the hallways are like a maze, But the associated good news is that many hallways have only one or two rooms on them, so they are very quiet. The single room I stayed in faced a rather ugly internal courtward, but was extremely quiet. The desk in the room was big enough to plug in my laptop to work on, even if the room was a littel claustrophobic. By booking through the Best Western website well in advance, I got an excellent rate--62.5 pounds per night--much better than I have gotten in other recent stays in equivalent London hotels. If I can get a similar rate, I will happily stay at the Mornington again. 	
Aug 2 2009 	hotel charmant endroit calme		
Jul 10 2008 	Best Western Mornington Hotel		
Apr 9 2008 	Se proprio dovete.....		
May 16 2007 	Très bon hotel		
