Aug 12 2009 	Disgusting and filthy watch out for bed bugs!	We had the misfortune to stay at this B&amp;B for 1 night costing us £100 for 1 family room, we had booked this due to its location to tube station, the website pictures bear very little resembelence to the room we had.The following were the main problems with the room:Damp and numerous brown patches on walls, celings.Mould growth on walls and ceilings in room and bathroom.Foul and repulsive smell mainly from bathroom.Cracked tiles with further mould growth in numerous areas in bathroom. strange stains on carpet.pubic hair and fluff/dirt all over duvet cover as well as a disgusting smell from bed clothes.mattress springs digging into back , mattress being worn.beautiful view into garden which had broken fence looked a rubbish tip.We had 3 children with us and they could not sleep due to the smell from covers and bed , explained to the manager and took them about 30 mins to give us 3 new bed covers ,but once we had stripped the smelly covers off- the hair and dirt were visible and we knew where the foul stench was coming from. We were asked to pay before we saw the room!!!!!! If we had seen it would have checked into the local holiday inn/days inn - which would have worked out cheaper. Also difficlut to sleep that night due to presence of bed bugs. I also invested in a bottle of anti-bac spray which i dont think helped very much due to the numerous issues with this dump.So for your own health and safety it probably is wise to book elsewhere.	
Mar 4 2009	Unfriendly and Unprofessional staff	Seems to be run by some foreign gentlemen who are not really cut out for the Service Industry. Consistently unhelpful and unfriendly they make no effort to make your stay an enjoyable one.	
Jun 20 2008 	Don't stay here!	IF YOU ARE READING THIS REVIEW - do not stay here - we are very flexable and generally easy to please - but the only good thing about this place is the location - very close to the tube stop for Heathrow and the breakfast was good I must say. BUT, the beds were HORRIBLE, the shower was a drip and the carpet so bad we kept our shoes on the whole time. BE WARNED!	
Jul 8 2007	what a mess	we were in london for a concert, this was the only available b&amp;b .we booked it after seeing the pictures on the internet, it looks ok on the net! when we got there it smelt , we were shown the rooms which were awful. but we had to stay there as we knew there would be know were else available.I would like to know how it has 2 ** i would'nt give it any and i think the tourist board should go and check this property out .the garden looked like a rubbish tip and the carpet in room 8 I would'nt put in my dogs kennel; would not recommend would rather sleep in a tent.	
Jan 31 2003	Truly awful	My family stayed here March 2001. I had found it on the Web and pre-booked. When we arrived, we were asked to pay for our 2 nights in advance before seeing the room. This should have been a warning to us! We didn't see any other &quot;tourist&quot; type of people - the &quot;Guest House&quot; seemed to be full of single men living there on a permanent basis. Our room smelled so I asked for another room and was told there were none. When I then discovered that there was no blanket on the bed, I went downstairs to complain and was taken to another (unused) room where a blanket was stripped off that bed and handed to me.T hat night, groups of men were hanging out in the courtyard talking late into the night - my mother, in a room on the ground floor, said at least one of them urinated on the courtyard wall. Breakfast was ok, but we were the only tourists in the place! The other residents seemd to be using the kitchen themselves. We felt very awkward. The next morning, 2 taxis arrived that the guest house had arranged for. They were scary old cars, with no seat belts; filthy inside. Also, they brought 2, when we could have fit into one car. Plus when we arrived at Heathrow, we were told they had no change, so we ended up having to give them a large &quot;tip&quot; inadvertently. We definitely had the feeling that this was a big scam, and was part of the Civic Guest House. Or Flop House.	
