Nov 26 2009 	Do you want a drink? maybe now? maybe now? or now?	I was in this hotel last week and had a very nice stay. The hotel is very modern and the service was to be proud of.Good points- was checked in by a very nice irish chap in the reception, big smile and good service- I had acess to a kind of business centre and done some work from there.Bad Points- I couldnt seat at the lounge without been asked every 5 minutes if I wanted a drink- the street in front gets very dark on the night time	
Nov 24 2009 	Above and beyond - WOW	I booked a double room at the Montcalm, knowing that I would be proposing to my girlfriend that afternoon in London, before checking into the hotel. I was traveling to London earlier in the week for business, but had a break and stopped by the hotel. I talked to the GM and asked what I could do to make my engagement night special. They arranged champagne and flowers for the room, and said that they would look into a room upgrade. Not only did they come through with the chamagne and flowers, they upgraded me to the WOW suite. This was unreal. Two rooms, canopy bed, huge bathroom, couch, two flat screen tv's...the works. I was shocked, as was my fiance. I don't know how I will top it for my honeymoon. The next day we ran into the GM, who asked about the ring and details on the proposal. She was as excited about our engagement as we were. Thanks and Cheers to the Montcalm for an unforgettable experience.	
Nov 20 2009 	brand new-great staff-perfect location	we stayed mid November, 4 nights, with our 3 yo son. Although we checked earlier than 14:00 they gave us a room immediately. there was a little problem with the elevators, not working properly, but they are so high tech and they fixed it within the day, so no prob. Our portman double room was spacious, nice and with an equally nice bathroom, large enough for London's standards and the shower was one of a kind. they even provided us with babycot, when we asked for it.What i liked most was that everything was perfectly clean and all things brand new! (towels, bathrobes,carpet etc). the safe is large enough to put your laptop in and also has a charger in it, to charge it while away. in the closet you will find iron, ironboard and umbrella. there are USB sockets to charge your iphone/ipod. The staff is great, professional, very friendy and attentive ,especially the people at the resto and the doormen. the breakfast is of top quality as well as lunch and dinner we had at vetro restaurant. Many thanks to Rachelle, Roberto, Alex.The location is ideal, at top of park lane, few steps from oxford street, marble arch, hyde park with tube right at the corner.I agree with Ronnie28, their website looks very nice but difficult to navigate. though i made the reservation through internet, didn't manage to book the package i wanted and the reception didn't notice i had booked room breakfast included, i mentioned it after the first breakfast and then they noticed it, but took care of it and made the amendment, so, it was fine with me	
Nov 15 2009 	Hotel lovely	The hotel is in a great location, the doormen are great and you get a good welcome.checkin on reception was not so good sabine seemed stressed as the hotel was busy.That was the only thing.would go back.	
Nov 12 2009 	Brilliant but needs attention to detail	We stayed for my 50th birthday, 3 nights 8th to 11th November. The hotel and room were excellent apart from;The safe in our first room 114 would not open and close correctly and could not be used. After trying to fix and making us late for meeting friends we were advised to move rooms which we did at 11.30 pm.The safe in the new room worked.However the rain shower in the new room 115 is not fitted correctly and sprays water everywhere around the bathroom. The hotel sent maintenance to fix, but the problem did not go away. Otherwise the hotel is fantastic and the staff also excellent, doors opened for you etc.But for 5 star and 5 star prices everything should work, however we would stay again, but check the safe and shower works correctlt	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights with my 12 year old son. We arrived early in the morning, although check in was at 2pm, therefore our room was not ready, but we were given a room to stay in until then. Our club room was spacious, nice and with an equally nice bathroom. They have a nice small gym and spa etc. The hotel staff were very polite and professional- not friendly , but then again who is- in London! They are not unfriendly either-just professional which was fine by me.The only snag which was major for me.....was, there does not seem to be any alignment between their website and the hotel staff. I had booked on line with breakfast inclusive, yet, I practically had to explain every morning that I had paid for breakfast! Until the minute I checked out. At over 200pounds per night, I found this extremely annoying. Although they apologised and decided not to charge me for the spa treatment to make up for this(which was nice of them), it still somehow affected my opinion of an otherwise great hotel. Internet was free, therefore very unstable......you know what they say about freebies....	
Oct 26 2009 	Amazingly luxurious hotel	My wife and i have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Montcalm, and all i can say is you HAVE to stay here. It has done undergone a massive refurbishment, and is finished to an extremely high top end standard.It was our anniversary, and upon checking in we were informed that we had been upgraded several rooms to the Mayfair suite, and wow, it is huge, with a bed that would sleep 6 adults (if you are so inclined), a seperate lounge area, and 2 bathrooms. The main bathrooms have a glass panel wall, so you can see from the bedroom into the bathroom (it did have an automatic blind, for the more reserved of guests), but hey it was our anniversary !We only had chance to use hotel restaurant for breakfast, as we had made reservations elsewhere for lunch and evening meals, but the breakfasts where very good with plenty of choice, and very attentive staff.Every single member of staff at the hotel made us feel very special, from the doormen to the maids, they simply could not do enough for us.We didn't get a chance to use the facilities in the spa area, but the pool and jacuzzi looked amazing.The area that the hotel is situated in is a very nice quiet crescent road, literally 2 minutes walk from marbel arch and oxford street, so is very well placed for shopping down oxford street and regent street.To sumarise, i have to say this is the best hotel i have aver stayed in, and it is worthy of every one of it's five stars, i would give it more if that were possible ! Stay here, i promise you will not regret it !	
Oct 15 2009 	Stunning!	I cannot convey in words how stunning this hotel is. I suggest look at their website for pictures of their rooms and the hotel itself, these pictures are 100% accurate. The hotel is stunning! Very modern fixtures and fittings befitting a true 5 star. I was particularly impressed by the lighting in the hotel which generated such a warm and elegant atmosphere. We were received into the hotel with such professionalism. The staff were the best I have ever come across and made our stay! They were friendly, kind and all were smiling, which added to the wonderful atmosphere. The location is a two minute walk from marble arch tube station in a safe, well lit and busy area. Also Oxford street is around the corner so you are right in the heart of London. I wish I could have stayed longer to avail of the amenities. Many thanks to the team at the hotel for an unforgettable experience. We will be back for sure!!!!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Fabulous and new	The Montcalm is beautifully refurbished to a very high standard, very contemporary and great quality bathrooms. Bed and linen divine!! Great TV in the room. The staff were superb and extremely helpful. The spa is not yet finished, but they gave us a complimentary head massage at a spa on the same road which was lovely. The bar and reception are immaculate.We didn't take breakfast here, at £28 a head it is WAY over priced, there is a place round the corner which does a great eggs benedict for £7......We would defiantely stay again. Very quiet street, and very handy for the tube or a walk in Hyde Park	
Sep 21 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	When we arrived the hotel was still under construction which was a little annoying, in particular the pool was unfinished and there was a lot of construction going on and for the first 2 days we felt like the only people in the hotel. We experianced a few teething issues in our room, however we still really enjoyed this hotel, the meal in the restaurant was really nice (a bit odd being the only people there) and the bathroom was fanstastic. The room was confortable but a little small. Staff were very helpful and the decor is very trendy and after a few days people started arriving and the construction noise stopped. The location is excellent for tourists or business travellers	
Sep 20 2009 	Chic west end hotel with a touch of malmaison	When we stayed at the Montcalm it had only been open for two weeks. Nothing let the place down as far as we were concerned. It is a chic, modern experience, very similar to a malmaison. The staff were brilliant. The room fixtures and fittings look top quality and should pass the test of time. 32&quot; flat screen samsung in the bedroom and a smaller waterproof one in the bathroom. And what a shower!! The location is great for shopping, restaurants, etc, yet not in the heart of the hustle bustle.	
Sep 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel 5****	This hotel is 5* with 5* customer service. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London and wanting to be close to Oxford st for shopping as it is a 5 minute walk. I have stayed in many hotels in Mayfair, and this hotel is by far the best hotel I have stayed in, our room was absolutly gorgeous, with a tv in the bathroom, big fuffy pillows and a comfy bed, we had a problem with our TV and the technician was with us in a matter of minutes to try and resolve the problem. We loved this hotel that much that we will be returning in a few weeks on business! Brilliant!!!!!	
Oct 25 2009 	?????????		
Oct 23 2009 	Muy nuevo y moderno		
Oct 19 2009 	?????????		
Oct 12 2009 	????????????		
