	A Health Hazard - I would not stay here if paid to do so!	We booked this hotel months ago for a pre-chirsitmas shopping trip in london. On the web-site it looked basic, but clean. I will not trust pictures again!On arrival we paid in full. We were told where our room was. There was no lift and we had to lug our cases up and down a maze of filthy corridors and stairways, dodging the bags of rubbish and piles of dirty laundry. Our room was filthy and next door to an emergency exit, that had a yale lock on it. The room consisted of a double bed with bedding that didn't look like it had seen a washing machine in weeks. There was a cooker that was leaning to one side and a fire extinguisher was leaning on the wall on the kitchen counter, with no accompanying type label or apparent last test date. But the best was yet to come! When we opened the door to the 'en suite' we found a fility shower cubicle with someone elses show gel still hanging in it and a toilet basin that resembled the scene from Trainspotting! When we voiced our concern we were advised 'the cleaner had not had time to clean the room yet' . We checked in about 15 minutes before the advised check in time of 2pm. The grime in the toilet bowl and u bend had obviously built up over weeks! We were offered another room, which we refused on the grounds that we were seriously concerned that our health might be affected by staying there. After a heated exhance we were given a full refund.This is the first time I have taken the time to rate accommodation on a web-site and I'm only going it in the hope that it prevents someone elses week-end holiday being ruined!	
Nov 14 2009 	great location grotty rooms	I stayed here for only one night luckely. It location is goord just a very short walk from Victoria station. Its cheap and cheap for a reason, as they do not invest anything in the comfort of the guests. The hotel is a maze of corridors and stair cases which are not suitable for anyone with a disability. I would question the safety of the place, as there was at least 1 fire extinguisher missing from its location, the cleaning staff left bags of rubbish and dirty laundry at the top and bottom of stairs (a calim waiting to happen) The rooms are poorly decorated and appear dirty, I felt the need to wash my hands before using any of the light switches as they were caked in grime. The shared toilets and shower facilities were dirty. I could go on, but like the cleaners there.....I can't be bothered. Would I go back? No.	
Nov 7 2009	Location and Value Good but what do you expect?	I know there are several reviews slagging this place off, but we stayed in a twin room, for £32.50 per night per room for 3 nights in central London, just close to Victoria Coach station and main line station. If you are expecting luxury accomodation for that money go some where else. The outside and reception look nice, but as others have said it is not a true reflection of inside of the public areas and bedrooms, which are very basic. We didnt do breakfast as got allergies etc, so cant comment on that. However there is a microwave and fridge for guests use, and that prooved handy with a Sainsburys just down the road at Victoria Station. If you have ever back packed abroad and stayed in hostel type accomodation, this is what its like. As we we were out for all of the day, this place was purely as a base to sleep, and with clean sheets, and a bed, it served that purpose adequately for £16 each. If you want something a bit more than that, then you are going to have to pay more, or compromise on position and extra costs and time in travelling to central London, its thats simple. For the price and location its hard to beat, just dont set your expectations that high for that price.	
Oct 27 2009 	Smelly dirty over all a dump.	The exterior and the reception area were lovely but as soon as you go up the stairs the nasty smells hit you along with the dirty carpets, walls etc. The room was small but bareable, the walls were dirty as was the floor. The worst thing about the room was the bed, it was noisy and so old that the springs were coming out and everytime we turned over they dug in. The location was good. Thats about it.	
Oct 21 2009 	More than wrost and nasty It is a prison or grave not a hotel	We booked triple room en suite for 2 adults ,1 child for 2 nights. I have read negative reviews in this website before I went there but I was optimistic and thougth that I might be get a better room. But after check in I was realise that all negative reviews are correct. Started from very dirty carpet on stairwell. The room was damp and dirty in every ankle,I think I got the room that show in the hotel picture because every position is the same but not that clean. toilet floor very dirty, toilet curtian was mouldy like never clean for a year. bed very filtchy, spring nearly come out, my back was hurt,not comfortable at all. Cabinet and fridge very bad smell when opened. No kattle available, only one cloth hanger, TV remote didn't work. We complainted to receptionist but that guy said that it was very clean in his view point nothing wrong with the room. We asked for refund but he said that we need to write a complaint letter and leave it until manager come in but do not know when he will come. I could not sleep for the whole night because of noisy both from outside and inside of the hotel. I heard foot step and everything that guest in the room above have done. I wanted to scream, my son(6 years old) was cried. We decided to check out next morning and stay in at premier inn instead. Very angry they get my money. PLEASE DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL	
Oct 20 2009 	DON'T SAY YOU HAVEN'T BEEN WARNED!!!!	Only two pictures on here respresent the hotel. The picture of the outside and the lobby... the bedrooms look nothing like the clean spacious ones in the pictures. The truth is the the bedrooms are filthy. Fitting hnging off the wall and the wash basin in the room hadn't seen a cleaner in weeks. A dirty foot mark on the wall next to the wash basin. I came to London last week for a meeting and decided to travel the day before in order to be fresh for a 1pm meeting. I really wish I had not bothered. The bed was so uncomfortable that it was easier to sleep on the chair and from the moment you step out of the lobby your feet stick to the filthy carpets. The shared bathroom left much to the imagination and as for breakfast.. toast and cereal, but again I did not eat in the breakfast room because the tables and place mats were all coffee/ tea stained. The staff what I did see of them everythiong appeared to be too much trouble for them. I could not honestly recommend this hotel, even though it was cheap it still was not worth the money. however the location was brilliant. I think with a bottle of disinfectant, new carpets, new bedding to replace the old ripped stuf and plenty of staff training this hotel may warrent it's one star!! DON'T SAY YOU HAVE NOT BEEN WARNED!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	YUK!	DON'T STAY HERE! Beds were so uncomfortable that I couldn't sleep - the people that worked there was so rude and told me I could only change rooms (mine was so dirty) if I paid for an upgrade!Instead I just went and stayed in my friends room, which to be honest wasn't much better, but at least I wasn't alone in a creepy dirty room.	
Sep 29 2009 	My Visa card nr was stolen!	The web page of the hotel looks really nice but the rooms aren´t. we only stayed for 2 nights and were out all day so we only slept there. We didn´t have it comfortable but it was Ok for the price (we only paid 40£/night for a dubble room!).The bad thing was that when I was booking the room and entered my Visa card nr someone (I don´t say it was the hotel) took my card nr! On the Januari statement from the bank I discovered that my card had been used for several high expenses (several bills was on 600 eur!) Fortunately I got everything back from the bank but it was all very stressful and uncomfortable. I don´t use my card on the internet except when I really have to and have not been using my card at all except for that time booking the hotel. I even thought it was strange the whole booking process so maybe a warning bell should have gone on. It didn´t work at first so I called the hotel and asked about the booking. The guy was quite rude and said that everything should be ok. I tried again and that time it worked. I even called the hotel again to confirm my reservation and it seemed to be ok. Anyway, maybe I was just unlucky but I just wanted to share my experience. If you want a very cheap hotel with a very good location and don´t have high expectations this hotel could be ok for a coupla of nights. If the thing with the card wouldn´t have happened maybe I could recommend this hotel. But since you only can book and pay on the internet I wouldn´t trust them again!If you book this hotel (or any other hotel over the net) check you account statements!	
Sep 17 2009 	Only a place to sleep maybe	We needed a place to stay for one night between our other hotel and friends' in the country as we were going to a party in the city. I arrived with my wife and 200 bags and noted the man in reception found it amusing to watch us struggle, but not necessary to help us get through the door or up the very tiny staircase.We had our own shower, most other rooms did not. It's fine for a night if you don't need to be in your room for any period, especially at the price. Any longer and you may go mad. Our lights worked, our neighbours' lights did not. Our bed was like a trampoline, but not the nice kind. No aircon, no cleaning and the breakfast amounted to toast.Okay for a crash house, nothing more.	
Sep 8 2009 	Convenient. Cheap. Friendly.	Given my budget and my requirement to be close to the tube station, this place was perfect. If you're looking for the Ritz, dont' stay here. If you're looking for affordable accomodations in the heart of Central London, this is your place. Staying here allowed me to spend money on other stuff. London's expensive enough as it is. I don't need to drop $250/night just so I the tiles in my bathroom are of the highest quality.	
Sep 8 2009 	Clean Room Good Service Perfect Location Great Value	Booked a room for my parents coming from Australia. I coudn't complain about the hotel. You get a Clean room for Great Value. all serviced included like Wifi, breakfast... and don't forget the Location, it's perfect.I will certainely recommand this hotel.	
Sep 7 2009 	Definitely worth a try!	Was just in London this past month. On my way to Lebanon, but stopped over for a few days. Great little hotel.... really cheap but has everything you need. Wi-fi internet access, breakfast in the morning, VERY close to Victoria station. No complaints! Room was clean and the service was excellent. Certainly recommended.	
Sep 6 2009 	Best bang for your buck in London.	Me and my friends were backpacking through Europe and came across this place in Central London. A 2 minute walk from the Victoria station tha takes you everywhere in London and close enough to Buckingham Palace and Picadily Circus where we could just walk if we wanted. Service was great. And the place was SUPER cheap. You can't even tell it's a 1-star hotel when you walk in. Would stay there again given its location, service, and price.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great value for a great price	I was in London this past weekend for a conference. This hotel was in a PERFECT location - right next to Victoria station. The service was great, the rooms were great, and I had access to wi-fi internet which was a huge bonus. And above all, the price was very, very reasonable. Other visitors for the conference were paying a lot more and didn't get the 1-on-1 service, had to pay extra for the internet, and were not as close to a tube station. Definetely great value for the price. Will stay here again next time I'm in town.	
Sep 3 2009 	It IS possible to have quality and affordability!	I was in London for a week this past August with some friends. We stayed at the Belgrave House Hotel and it was great! Friendly service, perfect location, clean rooms, and very affordable!! Will certainly stay here next time I'm in London. They served breakfast every morning and provided Wi-Fi access to internet.	
Aug 11 2009 	do not stay here under any circumstances	easily the worst hotel i ever stayed in. the first room I was shown into was basically a dosshouse bedsit - a scruffy, unusable kitchen with a put-you-up bed. the second bedroom I was given as an alternative (with shared bathroom despite paying for ensuite) lacked the oven but had nose-pickings on he wall by the bed to compensate. The matress was stained and broken, and there was a single (brown!) blanket on the bed. The hotel is dangerous and must transgress every health and safety regulation going. It''s truly appalling and despite arriving at midnight I was tempted to try to find another hotel - even walking the streets seemed a viable option. Staff however were not unfriendly and seemed to be trying to do their best in appalling circumstances.	
Aug 5 2009 	Never go here. Even if you're tempted by the price. Just don't	This is the most digusting hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. I was only there one night and that was enough. The room was disgusting and dirty. I was afraid to sleep in the bed it was that disgusting. No-one there understood a word of english. We were given the wrong times for breakfast so when we went down there in the morning at 8.55 and at 9.05 (after sitting there for 10 minutes) were told in an extremely rude mannor that we were not allowed breakfast as it was after the alloted time. We were told 9.30! Its was absolutely rediculous. Justy don't go there. Pay the extra money and get a half-decent nights sleep!	
Aug 3 2009 	Use comforter under the sheet to cushion from the bed springs	The room was incredibly cheap: GBP 25/night. The value was incredibly good for this area of London, but it's a shame that they didn't spend the 10 pounds or so for a mattress pad to take some of the bite out of the crummy mattresses. That said, with the bed comfort being my only complaint, it wasn't a bad place.I have stayed in two other budget hotels in this area, and I would recommend one of the two over this one.Recommending this hotel solely on the rock-bottom prices for the rooms.	
Jul 6 2009 	Give it a try	I stayed here last month, and after reading the reviews before I booked, i thought that this place would be a modern day &quot;Fawlty Towers&quot;. I only booked because of how cheap the place was, and was pretty chuffed at the end of my stay. The rooms are really basic and lack alot of amenities. But then again, this is a budget bdget hotel, and they dont make any claims to be anything other than. Its location is faultless, the hotel is clean, and the service is pretty standard - no concierge here!!!!I would definitely stay again, and would recomend this place if you are after a few nights of cheap sleep, and not much else.	
Jun 15 2009 	Don't go	avoid this hotel if you possibly can ! it's cheap and very nasty ! reception was clean and thats where it ends! rooms were very small we didn't use the bathroom or shower both were very dirty in dire need of a referb ! as did the room all very tired looking !! beds were awful ! felt every spring! no matress or pillow protectors although clean sheets ? curtains at windows need re-hanging !! we stayed one night thank god ! breakfast was supposed to be &quot;continental&quot; on offer corn flakes or bran flakes and toast ? the room itself was very small and more like a works canteen ! we wanted a glass of water but were given a pot of HOT water ??? The reception staff were quite rude when we asked if we could leave our luggage after arriving early ! basically no was the response ! the luggage room itself is a tiny tiny cupboard !!One good point !! it's close to the theatre's- train and tube !!Value for money !! absolutely not !! please please take this review seriously and STAY away	
May 10 2009 	very very bad service !!!!!	As we came arrived at the hotel at 22.30 with our reservation, the hotel told us they cancelled the reservation, withhout letting us know! We had to search for another hotel at night at twice the price, two spoiled days!After several complaints the never even get back in contact with us.SO PLEASE NEVER BOOK A ROOM IN THIS HOTEL YOU WON'T BE SURE TO HAVE IT	
Apr 25 2009 	not bad at all	We book the hotel from their website at a very cheap prices. Quite Surprise for what you get when you come. Everything is included included the breakfast. For £35.00 i could not expect more. I have to say, the hotel is very basic and Public bathroom need to be redone. Room were clean and this is what is the most important.	
Apr 2 2009 	Yucks! DISGUSTING!	Please do not be tricked by the photos on the website. It is totally a fraud! And the receptionist is so unfriendly and demands payment the moment I came without even stepping into the room. Somehow I felt that they were afraid that the moment I stepped into the room, I might run away from the hotel! it's like a very lousy hostel with the price of a budget hotel!	
Mar 18 2009 	Cheap 'N' Nasty	Please, please take notice, I know money is tight for most of us but don't be lured by this so called hotel. I needed a break &amp; thought that this hotel would be ok, as most of the time I would be site seeing &amp; the rooms can't be that bad. WHAT A MISTAKE...! I have never experienced anything like it. The room was grubby, the staff unfriendly, the breakfast room appeared ok. Aha I thought good until I tried the coffee, I think they made it the night before (it was more for surfacing the roads). The toast was probably reduced bread from a few days earlier. My window looked onto a roof from downstairs, it was littered with cigarette buts &amp; pigeon crap, I'm sure the beds had bugs as I came out in a huge rash which was very painfull. When you went to voice your concerns, don't bother no one understands you. So please fellow travelers, AVOID, AVOID, AVOID.........!	
Mar 11 2009 	Borat's Brothel!!!	This should definately be in the Top 10 Worst Hotels in Europe!! Its an experience one can only describe as shocking and unreal! My room was basically up 3 flights of narrow stairs (no lift) and on entrance to my abode I witnessed pure horror; celiing covered in crap, a smell in the air that can only be descibed as dust mixed with sweat plus guests in the shape of bedbugs! It also had a square box with visible springs which must have been the bed, the window was single glazed and filled with muck and fossilised animals, the lock on the door was flimsy and falling apart, the bathroom looked like something out of a third world country and the staff were definately illegal immigrants...which is surprising as the UK Passport Office was only over the road! I think this is definately not a 'hotel', but more a 'half-way house' for illegal immigrants that are trying to get UK Residency! My company booked for me to stay there....suffice to say I no longer work for that company no more!!! Its definately BORATS BROTHEL!!	
Feb 27 2009 	dont call the police if ur room when ransacked they not interested	take heed from the advice here!! we stopped here due to working close by, its not a hotel, its a bedsit for eastern europeans ( no disrespect to eastern europeans)people live there.u have to share bathrooms with people that live here, their shower gel, shaving and toothpaste are all lined up in the bathrooms.dont not use room36aits a basement room next to the resturant..... haha resturant, ok woteva.... ours got broken into, no body could speak english, the police didnt care and the cctv only works in reception when u have 2 very upset and angry guests who shout at the receptionist.£35 per room is £35 for a reason....ask to see ur room b4 u take it....i promise u...its so worth it...dont waste ur time asking for an upgrade either....rooms are all the sametake care please...learn by other peoples mistakes	
Feb 16 2009 	Please do not go!!!!	Please do not go under any circumstances other than you have only the streets as an alternative.i have stayed in budget hotels and know the score. i do expect clean sheets and not curly hairs on them! this is for starters. my friends and i were worried we might fall asleep and wake up in another country after being sold! dirty, grime, skanky everything! odd rooms, NOT LIKE ANY OF THE PICTURES!!!!! please believe - we did not sleep here - ended up getting train home!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Worst Hotel Don't book here!	London was our last stop on our sixteen day honeymoon across the United Kingdom. We were looking forward to a nice hotel that we saw in the ad on hotels.com.The lobby was okay looking. The guy who work in the hotel was not very friendly. Our room was on the fourth floor which was a bit annoying but hey everyone needs the exercise! When we got in to the room we found that we had only one towel for the two of us. A dirty bathroom. Some one had dumped some dark liquid down the sink. But the funny thing was the cleaning crew did come into the room before we enter cause they left their cleaning supplies in the room!The bed was uncomfortable. On the bed was just a sheet and a scratchy comforter and two flat pillows. The tea maker worked but they gave us two tea cups one had the handle broken. Towel they gave us were stained. Only good thing about the hotel was the location. It is in a quiet neighborhood near Victoria Station which allowed us easy access around London. Great pubs around it too. But you can choose another hotel on Belgrave Road.	
Jan 10 2009 	Worst place i've ever stayed	without a doubt the worst place i have ever stayed in my life!!!!!! Ok, it was budget prices, but you would at least expect humanitarian conditions to stay in!!!! the boiler broke on the friday when we turned up, and they weren't gettin git fixed until monday, a whole weekend with no hot water and freezing rooms! so much so a group of spanish tourists called the police to try and get their money back! - ended up they told us they would give us £10 per night back, which was rubbish - for the 3 nights i stayed i got £10! If you where going to london with pets i wouldn't even reccommend here for them!	
Jan 1 2009 	Do not book here!!!!	My Husband and i booked after looking at the hotel website through MarvellousHotels.com. Nothing prepared us for what we got. We went for the New Years Eve celebrations and although only for 1 night we had difficulty persuading ourselves to stay in the room. Tiny, cramped, smelling of damp!! One blanket on the bed which had 'gaffer' tape round ends of frame. Pest control box under the bedside table and the shower room - cannot descrbe it, only to say we did not shower the next morning, needed a health warning!!!Must admit only needed one blanket as the heating was on full blast and unable to control it!! The tiny TV did not work properley, not even a mug in bathroom for cleaning teeth. The Hotel was full due to time of year so could not get another room. Do not be fooled by the website photos. Yes the outside and reception are great - the rest, well just dont go there!This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in and spoilt what should have been great time	
Dec 28 2008 	A complete dump	This hotel is a disgrace. When we arrived, about an hour after 1pm (apparent check in time) our 'family' room has still not been cleaned. Upon investigation, we found over flowing bins, dirty and stained sheets, mouldy food in the fridge and, much to our disgust, pubic hair all over the bathroom floor.We were a group of two young men and two young women, myself being 20 years old. I marched downstairs to complain, was met with a very unhelpful and arrogant receptionist who informed me I could not speak to a manager as there wasn't one at the weekend. I demanded a refund, was shouted and sworn at, at which we left the hotel and walked up and down the street around the hotel, looking for alternative accomodation. We knew it was not going to be a palace, but what we found was worse than a prison!DO NOT STAY AT THE BELGRAVE HOUSE HOTEL! I have stayed in youth hostels which are cleaner and have more helpful staff!	
Dec 18 2008 	Prison-like Belgrave House Hotel	The hotel on first impressions seemed ok, the bedroom was like a prison cell with only a single blanket to keep you warm. The bed was a fold down camp bed &amp; the pillows were so lumpy that I had to support my head with my coat. The mattress had springs coming through which were proding your body. My room was on the main stair-well, this meant I was woken up almost on a nightly basis with people having to pass my room. The toilet was smelly, unclean &amp; in a terrible state of repair. The toilet very seldom flushed properly. The staff were unfriendly, almost bodering on untrusting. I would not recommend this youth hostel type of hotel to anybody.	
Dec 15 2008	Not a nice hotel they trick you	I feel tricked, the pictures shown a their website only show the best parts of the hotel. The lobby looked very nice but you got a terrible shock when entering your room. The bathroom was really disgusting, looked like it had never been cleaned. The people who worked there didn't act very friendly. The TV didn't work so I was told that someone would come and fix it but nobody bothered to turn up.The money spent on the big TV in the lobby could maybe have been spent on some good beds and cleaning instead	
Oct 24 2008 	Grave House	I stayed in the hotel with my wife from 19-22nd Oct. 2008. The front reception is the only good looking place in this so called hotel. They decieve people with a large screen tv that never works. The rooms are so small and with spring beds!. There was no toilet roll in my toilet. They did not put on the heater despite their promises that the boiler would switch on at 8.30 pm daily. On our last night, it was horrible. There was blood all over the hotel bathroom and the hotel staff were alerted in the night but nothing was done to clean it until about 9.30 am in the morning.For any complaint, the answer is that the place is for only bed and breakfast and they should not be bothered.The breakfast was basic with unfriendly staff at work.	
Sep 29 2008 	Exactly what you expect	As others have stated the staff aren't particularly friendly, but if you are looking for somewhere cheap and easy to stay in a convenient location, then this hotel will certainly meet your requirements.	
Jul 12 2008	The 'Basic' Belgrave	Was dreading what I would find having read reviews! Yes it was basic,yes it was a bit &quot;youth hostelly&quot; but I paid £129.00 for 2 nights with my daughter and that included theatre tickets! Reviewers get over yourselves! V. Cox Oxford.	
Jun 18 2008 	you get what you pay for	this hotel needs a good clean and the staff need to learn some manners.electric sockets hanging of walls,mould in bathroom,pigeon muck on window sills [inside the room],toilet rocking while you sat on it,dirty linen[never changed in the 4 days we were there]light kept flickering on and off.good points the reception and dining room was nice as was the front of the hotel.we had a lovely time in london and only used the hotel to sleep in.if the cleaners and maintenise people done there job properly this would be a lovely hotel.would i stay here again maybe as it was cheap and in a grat location.	
Apr 27 2008 	This place in infested with bugs - do not stay here	I stayed here at the weekend. After the first night I awoke covered in bites - at least 15 of them all over my body so the place must be infested. You wouldn't get that many bites from one or two bugs. I asked to change rooms but was told none were available. I asked for a refund so I could go and stay elsewhere but I was told by the receptionist that only the manager could issue refunds and that they didn't know when he would be in. I wrote down the complaint and left it at the reception along with photographic evidence. I have not heard anything yet regarding the refund. I had more bites after the 2nd night and they actually turned very nasty &amp; inflammed &amp; I had to go to hospital. I am a budget traveller and used to roughing it &amp; staying in hostels but I have NEVER experienced this before. My friend didn't get a single bite but regardless there are bugs of sorts in this hotel. The blankets on the bed were very old &amp; dirty. The hotel looked nice enough from the outside but inside is a different story. Please heed my advise and don't stay here!	
Apr 23 2008 	Cheap not cheerful!	I took my daughter to london for her 16th Birthday. On arrival we were greeted by the receptionist who was very friendly, giben our key and directions, well, heavy case and 58 steps later we got to our room. It was basic, tv and 2 beds with a pod style ensuite, (which was clean) the room was clean although probably could do with a repaint soon. the floor was laminated and clean. The beds were a bit old, matress was cheap but I slept ok (i have back problem and it did not get worse) but the pillow was a joke! I think they forgot to put them in the pillow case. Could not get any more seemed to be a language barrier at this point. Bedding is clean sheets and one doubled over blanket, although warm enough did not look very inviting.Breakfast was far too mad! we went down both mornings at about 8.30 and could not get in the room. we ended up eating in starbucks.On checking out we left cases in luggage cupboard, reclaiming them later with no problem.Possibly would use again but will have lighter case!	
Apr 15 2008 	sleepless nights	Absolute no go. Only the reception area is well decorated. the hotel is run by foreign expats who hardly know english. the reception guy was very rude, even passing wind whilst i was talking to him. to get to my room i had to climb a narrow staircase then go down again, then go through a a narrow corridor. room secured by a padlock. the bed was hopeless with springs going throughthe mattress. the central heating not working. hotel staff provided an electric fan. breakfast consists of hot water/coffee and a plain toast. i tried to get out but they would not give a refund. otherwise shower very clean and hotel very well located.	
Apr 14 2008	Loved the Belgrave House	I had a great time at the BHH. The room was cozy (small). I received fresh linens everyday, had a shared bath, but never waited to use it. The price was right, cheaper than any other place near where I wanted to stay in London. The people at the front desk were very polite and helpful. The breakfast was a little on the weak side. Toast, coffee, and cereal were all I needed to start the day. The layout of the hotel was a little strange, no elevator and narrow staircases, but after a full day in London, a few more steps were not a problem.I would gladly stay there again. The price along with the location made this a good value. If you are looking for a safe and affordable place to stay in London, near a transportation hub(Victoria Station is less than a 5 minute walk) you will not be disappointed.	
Apr 1 2008 	dont stay here!	had booked to stay here for two nights, turned up the first evening,to be showed a dirty room, TV did not work and to top it all found bed bugs on the pillow! Went straight back to the reception with one of the bugs, and asked to be moved, only to be told there was no other room available for that night would have to sleep there and would be moved the next day, the man on reception took the bug said he would show the management, i think he just throw it away! I left to find something to eat feeling very down the thought of spending a night with bed bugs was just too much, luckly i found a hotel just down the road, and he had one single left, he showed me the room which was fantastic, they have just been totally refurbished and beautifully done and I was only charged £43 per night with full english breakfast. So went back to the other hotel to tell them i could not stay, and would like some sort of refund only to be told I would have to come back the next day to speak to the manager who would be there at 9;00 am. Went back as told at 9.00, only to be treated like dirt by a new girl on the reception, who had been warned i was coming in, she shouted at me and was rude said there was nothing wrong with their rooms and that the manager is never in on a sunday, as if i had made it all up. Anyway she called up the housekeeper, and demanded i went down to the room with her, to be shown there was nothing wrong, the TV still did not work the room still was dirty, as for the bugs well day time they do not come out, I asked her if she would pay to stay in this room, she said no,we then went back to the reception, to confront the girl on the desk, her answer was i had to write a letter to the management, to demande a refund, as she could not do so. I get the feeling I will never see my money back. DO NOT STAY HERE it should be closed down, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay thats clean go to the St Georges hotel down the road the normal price for a single is £45 worth every penny and more.	
Apr 1 2008 	Mixed experience	To start with the good points. It is cheap and the location is excellent, just a few steps from Victoria station.We were three persons in one room. Old beds, cheap mattress. The ensuite was a joke, more a shower cabin with an included toilet and sink. All on 1 sqm!! A breakfast with cereals and toast was included. I will not stay there again altough the price of 60£ for three persons per night incl breakfast was ok. But consider cheap price, cheap accomodation. You get what you pay for.The next time I would look for a B&amp;B nearby.	
Mar 18 2008	We didn't even stay one night!	The guy on reception was ignorant on every level, most unpleasant after a long flight from Thailand. When we saw the sub-standard dirty room we asked to be moved &amp; were told that no other room was available. So we decided to leave. We asked for the manager's name &amp; were refused it! So we left &amp; found a much nicer hotel. Eventually got the money refunded through lastminute. A bad hotel.	
Mar 14 2008	Never again!	Just got back from staying in the Belgrave House Hotel.You walk into the reception and think &quot; well yes this looks fine&quot;. Leave your aspirations there because it just went down hill FAST. Opened the door to the room and thought &quot;Oh my God&quot; Forget the pictures on the website. Was met with a view of filthy windows which looked out into the rear-paintwork was so badly neglected the wood was bare and lifted.Bed looked ok ,with a cobbled together sink unit in the corner,an open box which was supposed to be a wardrobe and a separate loo in which the tiles were broken anydwas minute.Thought ok it was only for one night. Returned to hotel after midnight and went to bed 2 of the thinnest pillows and 2 blankets on bed AND NO HEATING. Put excuse for a heater on and ended up putting our coats on the bed to try and get warm. (It was too cold to go and complain). Breakfast consisted of orange juice cornflakes and toast. (no choices of juice or cereal).Luckily the rest of our short trip to London was fantastic and would recommend the show Buddy and a restaurant on Buckingham Palace Rd called Bumbles top notch 3 course meal for £10!!!!	
Feb 8 2008 	Never Stay Here	Me and 6 friends stayed in this hotel for the weekend, and the hotel was basic and a bit dirty, but I was bitten by bed bugs and ended up bringing them home with me. I have contacted the hotel several times to complain and I have never received any acknowledgement nor any apology. This hotel is cheap for a reason!!. The area was good and there is an easy hotel a couple of doors down. STAY THERE!!	
Jan 19 2008 	Underwhelmed by Belgrave House Hotel	Do not stay at this hotel if comfort is of any importance to you. The mattresses were old, thin, and comprised of nothing but springs covered by some fabric. Consequently, you can feel every spring on your back. In three nights, I did not get a single good night's sleep because every time I would move, the springs rudely reasserted their presence abruptly waking me from my slumber. Additionally, the &quot;double bed&quot; my companion and I requested was two single beds pushed together, which is okay, but the configuration only added to the discomfort. They really shouldn't have bothered with the pillows considering they were about as thin as the sheet. At a minimum, this hotel should invest in some decent pillows to improve the service to their guests. Although, the rooms are non-smoking, a subtle but unpleasant odor of cigarette smoke permeated the room. We had an ensuite room, but the bathroom was so small, it was difficult to even turn around in it. It looked like one of those prefabricated bathrooms made for RVs, which was stuck into a corner in the hotel room. We had a TV, but one day it didn't work at all, and the other days, it received only four channels with pretty poor reception, two of which seemed to be airing darts tournaments 24/7.Beyond the lobby, the corridors and rooms look run down - do not believe the photos on the hotel website, which make it look modern and minimalist. Breakfast was spartan - choice of brown flakes or cornflakes, coffee or tea, and white toast with butter and jam, but I suppose that is to be expected with the cheap rate. Despite its numerous shortcomings, this hotel has two things going for it: Location, and cleanliness (as far as I could tell). So if you are on a budget and don't mind discomfort, this may be the place for you.	
Jan 18 2008 	Would look elsewhere next time	Accidently booked this hotel thinking it was the Belgrave Hotel in Oval-oops! As it was for only one night it didnt really matter though, however from the reviews Ive read I think that hotel is of a superior standard. Our room was small-barely room for a double bed and a wardrobe (containing a safe). A portable tv was provided with terrestrial. We saw a cupboard door in the wall that in fact turned out to be our en suite!-it was very much like a train toilet which caused us some amusement. It was moulded out of plastic and somehow contained and toilet and a shower! Toiletries were provided and the the shower was very powerful and water hot.The room was clean, apart from the blanket on our bed which had some cigarette holes in. (Luckily we didnt need it as the room was very warm).One thing I noticed was that as our room was on the the ground floor it would be very easy for someone to come in the window if we had had it open and this would be a concern in summer. It didnt seem the most secure of hotels. The breakfast was included-very basic tea/coffee, cereal and toast in what seemed like a newly decorated dining room.Location is excellent-literally round the corner from Victoria Station. Overall I would say you get what you pay for (£50 inc b/fast) but I dont think I could stay here more than a couple of nights as I found the room quite bland and depressing. Also I would have been concerned about leaving valubles there, despite the safe, but that just a personal opinion and I could've asked to change rooms. Its a bed for the night and not much more.	
Jan 4 2008 	Terrible beds	Although this place is convenient, cheap, and fairly clean, if you don't like springs piercing your body all night-this is not the place for you. We spent 4 nights there-2 nights in one room and 2 nights in another room. We shared our room with friends and between all of these beds and rooms we did not get one remotely comfortable bed. It literally hurt to sleep due to the springs poking through and jabbing your body. Very uncomfortable. I have spent many nights camping and slept in various cheap youth hostels, but these beds take the prize for worst ever. Breakfast was also less than desirable.	
Jan 4 2008	Nice hotel very good prices	Belgrave House Hotel has an excellent location with walking distances to a lot of places. Victoria St. is just around the corner.The hotel has a friendly staff, which is very helpful. I upgraded myself to a nice doubleroom with shower for at few extra pounds a day! The included breakfast with toast, coffee/tea and cereals is a fine start each day.The small, goodlooking lobby is wellprovided with brochures, maps and leaflets for all the sights and museums in London and area. The lobby has also automats in which you can buy soft drinks, beer, chips and chocolate.Some of the rooms are a bit worn out, but they are clean and good.I will properly stay here again.	
Jan 3 2008	Not as bad as people Say	This hotel is clean, and don't expect the Ritz, but the staff are friendly, its a chance for you to experience the real &quot;london&quot; and not the cookie cutter hotel experience (depends on what you like, I guess). There are shared bathroom facilities, and some rooms have their own shower inside, and when I stayed (4 nights in total) the bathrooms were always kept nice and clean, the beds were comfy with clean sheets, and I felt safe. Might I mention as well LOCATION! Its is just seconds away (on foot) from Victoria Station, shopping malls, bars/pubs, coffee shops, restaurants, theatre (for musicals, etc.), etc. etc. etc. Also close by (like a five minute walk or so) is Buckingham Palace and the Queens Gallery (please go see this Art work its AMAZING). So, for younger travelers or couples, this is a bargin and not only will you save money on your accomodations, you will save money on transportation too! PS Although we didn't get up early enough - breakfast is included in your stay at the Belgrave House Hotel too! That also saves some money! So, if you are wanting to go to London on a budget, this is the place for you. I've stayed at 5 star resorts in Jamaica before and at the best hotels, and really, as long as the bed is clean/room is clean, its safe, and in a GREAT spot, you can't go wrong. I gave the Belgrave an above average because you can't beat friendly service and a great location. The staff there let us stow our luggage and took it to our rooms for us (we arrived very early in the morning) so we could go site-seeing and not miss a day waiting around or dragging heavy luggage about. They offer any help they can give, and are very friendly and accomodating. The hotel is actually a large house/manner rennovated into a hotel, and lots of floors (no elevator) but not hard to find way around. Hope this review helps. PS go see the musical &quot;Chicago&quot; you won't regret it!!!	
Nov 22 2007 	No Frills Concept Hotel gets basics wrong	We stayed here for 3 nights in November. We were attracted by the good location and the no frills concept. Why pay more for all the friperies. Unfortunately, this hotel has got the basics wrong.For me, the minimum requirement is a comfortable and warm bed.... However, the bed frame screeched with every move, the matress had seen better days and I could feel the individual springs in my back, the pillow was approx 1cm thick giving my husband neck problems, and the sheet and blanket were insufficient to keep us warm through the night.After three sleepless nights, we were extremely happy to get back to our own bed.The rest of the hotel is fine - clean, but tired in some areas - very new in others. Breakfast was basic but sufficient.But I would not stay here again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Typical 'get-what-you-pay-for' hotel.	I booked a triple room for one night for £57 through last.minute. Don't be fooled by the lovely reception area! Me and my two friends kept saying to ourselves 'it's just somewhere to sleep for one night', however, the beds are like metal camp beds. The mattresses are thin and wires poking out everywhere - so uncomfortable! The pillows are so thin it wouldn't have made much difference if we were just led on an empty pillowcase! Breakfast is toast (white bread only) plonked down in front of you. And basic ceral if you help yourself. You have to ask for a drink, which is ONLY tea or coffee! The staff did not speak to us at all. I do not know if this is because they are all foreign or because they are just plain rude!The only good thing about this hotel is that it is a 5-10 min walk from Victoria stations.	
Oct 21 2007 	Don't go there	Booked a single room on a website before visiting London.Worst hotel i have ever experienced there.Though it was mentionned on the website this hotel has been totally refurbished, i ended up in a small single room on the last floor with tricky stairs.Room was unclean and damp, with ceiling full of mould which was in a rather scary state, there was a noise of flowing water coming from room's next door al night, tv was not working properly, only one shared bathroom was gloomy and 2 floor downstairs.Staff was awfully rude and unfriendly, from eastern europe with hardly the basis of grammatical english : they also refused to serve me the included-in-price breakfast at 9 am in the morning, pretending it was too late, the waitress just made strange signs with her hands to me when i tried to get in the room for breakfast, like she would try to take away a dog that would steal in garbage/trashcan.I was shocked and complained to management, which didnt pay attention at all and left without having my breakfast,without having slept or excuses or refund.DO NOT EVER GO THERE, this place is dangerous with electric plugs too and should close down to my opinion ...	
Oct 12 2007 	I am complaining to trading standards	Stayed at the 'hotel' a couple of days ago after looking at their misleading website. The website showed a well appointed room and said all others at the hotel were the same. Although I had been caught out before in this part of london I booked it. The room was like something from a kazakhstan brothel. Holes in the window, 60 year old bathroom, camping bed (etc). When I complained to the (probably vietnamese) desk guy he would not change the room or explain why the room did not match the website. Tried to find another hotel nearby but all booked. I am going to spend half a day now writing to trading standards (etc) to see what can be done about it.	
Oct 3 2007 	Not bad if you just need a bed	I had to go to London twice in a month for one night stays so I was on a budget.The location is brilliant, it's a short walk from the coach and train station with a bus station and tube station within a 5 minute walk. I booked twice without checking it out first, but I was happy enough with the hotel not to cancel after the first visit. Although English is not the first language of the staff, I had no communication problems, and I was given all information on arrival from very friendly staff. The room was clean, small but not cramped. The first stay was just a bed and sink but the next time, for the same price I got two beds and a shower!Although it was a communal toilet, it was clean, with plenty of paper, but they could do with putting a towel and some soap in there as I had to go back to my room with wet hands and wash them again properly with soap.The mattresses could do with replacing, as they're a little worn, but the sheets were clean, even though you didn't get a duvet, just a sheet with a fleece throw over, which reminded me of a youth hostel. But it was quiet, and you get a peaceful nights sleep. The room also had a TV but it had poor reception, although it was still watchable. The room also had an interesting smell of cheap tortilla chips, sort of, corn and salt and some kind of cooking oil! Open a window and it's fine though.Breakfast is from 7:30-9:00 am, the first stay I went for breakfast I had a 20 minute wait for a table, but this was partly because a couple kept asking for more toast and coffee. They must have gone through a whole loaf, but this meant I was rushed. It was only toast and coffee and cereal if you wanted, and it's so close to food establishments the second time I stayed I went elsewhere for breakfast.Overall, it's not the best hotel, really it's almost a hostel, but for one or two nights it great, why spend more money when you just need a bed? I would definately go again but if I was staying in London for longer than a weekend I would go to a more upmarket hotel, because I can imagine it may get a bit depressing after a while.	
Sep 17 2007 	Not bad. Not great. Just okay.	This Hotels location is very good, quiet, central, clean, respectable. The reception is well kept and presented, and staff reassuringly friendly and generous with a smile, no complaint whatsoever, only some broken English. Beyond the reception area the decor is very basic and possibly in need of being retouched in places, however, everywhere was clean and tidy. The reasonably spacious room resembled an inexpensive bed &amp; breakfast, just meeting my basic requirements but rarely surpassing them. A sparsely furnished room with sink and colour television provided a functional rather than comfortable feel and meant 1 night was probably sufficiently bareable on my own. This is the kind of accomodation you would welcome a place to rest and could enjoy London, but little else. The mattress needed replacing but was okay, I slept well. Considering the price and the location I think it is pretty unfair to expect anything more realistically. If on a tight budget and not too fussy, probably worth considering.	
Aug 7 2007 	It's cheap	Needed a hotel for three nights, relatively close to Central London. This hotel was cheap - compared to the fact that it's pretty centrally located and (in some rooms) had seperat toilet and shower.The bed was quite bad, with the madras being almost just a few springs with a thin cloth over them. The toilet and bath were only just clean enough but old and rundown.Of course a 24hour reception is nice, but the staff were for some reason not even able to provide extra toilet paper! Hair dryer was not in the room but could be borrowed against a deposit.&quot;Breakfast included&quot; - don't be fooled! That was the flimsiest excuse of a breakfast serving I have ever seen. Cerial with milk (not suitable for a person allergic to dairy products) and toast served with one small pack of jam and one small pack of butter (again... not suitable for a person allergic to dairy products). I think they served it to ensure that we would not take any more of it. I was hungry when I left this &quot;breakfast&quot;.But then, why two stars..? Well, we were in London to see London. The room was only to sleep in. And given the location it seems to be quite cheap compared to other hotels I could find.So if you consider booking a room here, my comment to you is: It's cheap, so expect nothing other than a cheap hotel!	
Jul 9 2007 	No problems - perfectly adequate for the price.	Some of the other reviews are harsh. What do you expect for £30 - a 5 star hotel? Agreed it is not the most up to date decor, the carpets are a bit tatty and there are cracks on tiles in the bathrooms etc but so what? I found it to be perfectly adequate and exactly what I expected for the value - a clean and reasonably comfortable bed in a safe hotel and, contrary to other reviews, I found the staff to be helpful and perfectly friendly as long as you are courteous to them as well. There aren't many showers if you don't have en suite but they are absolutely fine and clean enough.I have stayed in better but not for £30 in the centre of London. I would stay there again if I was looking for cheap accommodation.	
Jun 3 2007 	VERY RUDE 	We had a deal with last minute.com to see The Blue Man Group &amp; to stay here. When we arrived, the exterior and reception looked pleasent but don't be fooled. the receptionist spoke v.poor english and when we asked for information he declared that he did not know anything and that we would have to find out else where. Then we go tthe keys for our room from the bottom of the stair case there was a very strong smell of disifectant that made it hard to breath but at least it would be clean....it was not, it was awful the floor, sink and shower look like they have never been cleaned and the bed was basically made of springs it was v uncomfortable to sleep on we didnt put the cover over as it looked v unclean and roughed ..it 4 the night so didn't have to use the shower. The receptionist are very very rude i stood waiting for one of them to acknowledge me which they did not instead they carried on talking in their own language then walked away. We then got a drink from the machine and the nothing came out to which the receptionist replied i will not open it and you may not have your money back then walked away....it was AWFUL! Take my advice do not stay here £60 a night is disgusting take my advice and stay next door at easyhotel.com	
Feb 14 2007	Stay Away!	This place is horrible. I booked a room with a double bed. I got there and it was two single beds pushed together, and the bathroom smelt like something had died. I complained at the front desk. The desk manager yelled at me. He was very rude. He ended up shoving me. My poor husband had to step in! It was an insane experience. My advice...there are a lot of hotels in London. Skip this one!	
Feb 7 2007 	Rude personell and ridiculous policies	I stayed in BHH for a week while looking for a place in London. I was working all day so didn't really bother to change hotels after (I hasd already prepaid). The hotel...I just wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The room, for which I payed £35 pounds per night (used to be £25 5 months ago!) was so small i couldn't even leave my luggage on the floor (a standard sized samsonite) and didn't have space for my 6 shirts and two suits on the available space either...The maitress was so old it actually hurt on my back, and I'm not very picky nor have trouble to sleep. The room was dirty and the window could not be closed properly, so it was pretty cold at night. But the last thing that definitely made me rate this place as HORRIBLE is that they have this &quot;policy&quot; for which if you forget something on the room, they basically keep it for themselves. I forgot my Ipod on my rush to get to work and realized at the end of the day...When I called at night asking if they have found it, they said the had &quot;thrown it away&quot; beacuse i had left it behind and they cannot keep anything guests forget. After being there for a whole week! The manager said to me &quot;Don't come back if you dont like it&quot; when I told them over the phone that this policy didn't make any sense...And tryed to make himself clear that they had trown the Ipod to the garbage and that it had already be picken up...Do they really expect me to belive this????? Belive me, with so many equally &quot;cheap&quot; options around...you don't want to be staying in Belgrave House Hotel.	
Feb 1 2007	Beware!	Didn't actually stay in this hotel , despite making a phone booking, because I found the Reception staff very rude and unhelpful. A great location and very reasonable rates, but one to avoid if you prefer a bit of friendliness and a helpful manner.	
Jan 24 2007 	Frozen feet and Icy staff	My girlfirend a I stayed in the hotel between 31st december a 2nd of January on order to see the newyear fireworks. The Hotel iswithin walking distance of victoria station...which is the best thing I can say about it as at least you have a quick route of escape!! The reception area is plush, with marbe flooring and modern decor, giving you an impression this is a clssy establishment.... BIG MISTAKE!!  We checked in, my girlfriend making the arrangements as the staff virtually ignored me. We were then directed to our room, next to the kitchen area and smelling of bacon and sauags constantly due to the paper thin doors.  The bed was of campbed standard, and the decor was falling apart The shower cubicle had mildew, and the last guest had left us a &quot;present&quot; in the toilet..... obviously hant been cleaned prior to our arrival. The first night we hardly got any sleep as the room was freezing! The radiators were turned off with the dial missing. I reported this to the reception, and was shouted at for not reporting it sooner! I asked if we could have an extra blanket, and was told no. I asked for someone to look at the radiator, and they told me the would bring down an electric heater. This took 2 days and 5 requests, and when it arried it was brand new ( me thinks they had gone out and bought it that day!) We had also paid for breakfast with our room, but did not use this until our final morning. Breakfast finished at 9am, and we arrived at 8:45. Breakfast was a bowl of cereal and coffee, but I had the bowl wrestled from my hands by staff who told me &quot;the other guests have eaten.... why sould you be special?!&quot;Cheap...... but certainly not cheerful.	
Dec 18 2006 	Absolutely Disgusting		
Nov 20 2006	Loved It!!!!		
Nov 3 2006 	Do you like paying for rooms you don't get to stay in????		
Oct 22 2006 	There is better on the same street		
Oct 17 2006 	Great!!!!!!		
Oct 6 2006 	Best value for Money		
Oct 21 2009 	CENTRICO PERO MAL SERVICIO		
Oct 5 2009 	Barato pero no volvería		
Sep 29 2009 	la casa de los horrores		
Sep 13 2009 	scandalo		
Sep 3 2009 	una vera presa in giro - evitatelo sul serio!!!		
Jun 22 2009 	Terribile!!!		
May 11 2009 	Sans plus! Bon qualite prix		
Feb 21 2009 	Belgrave...crade hôtel!		
Feb 17 2009 	che incubo...		
Jan 19 2009 	Nie wieder zu diesem Hotel!		
Oct 4 2008 	Sinvergüenzas y estafadores		
Aug 19 2008 	grosse escroquerie !		
Aug 16 2008 	Cutre y sucio		
May 27 2008	Como ser cutre		
May 16 2008 	Ni gratis volvería!!		
May 13 2008	unos caras		
Apr 30 2008 	horrible		
Dec 30 2007 	Die Bilder entsprechen nicht der Realität!!!!!		
Apr 8 2007 	Equivalente a una pensión mediocre		
Jan 21 2007	une veritable excroquerie! 		
Dec 12 2006 	Cuidado con el Belgrave House Hotel!!!		
Oct 29 2006	Expérience épouvantable 		
Aug 16 2006	A EVITER / AVOID IT		
