May 4 2009 	Oh My God!!!!	I was booked in the Spring Park Hotel by a client who, needless to say, no longer rates as such. After three tube rides from Central London to get the the hotel I was on my way back home within ten minutes of arriving.After getting lost upon leaving the tube station and finding myself in a near ghetto (lugging several hundred pounds worth of video equipment behind me) and fearing for my life, I eventually found the hotel which, on the outside didn't appear too bad, neither did the reception area; pretty much what I'd expected for £40 per night in London.But what awaited me on the floors above had to be seen to be believed! The room (which wasn't en suite) consisted of a bed (which admittedly, looked clean and was made up), a wardrobe which looked like it had been retrieved from a tip and painted white, badly; a bedside cabinet, again looking like a rescue job with a top covered in cup rings and cigarette burns; a filthy dirty, threadbare carpet, a kettle that was filthy and, had I had any desire to use it would have to have sat it on the floor as the only available electrical socket was on the other side of the room from the 'hospitality tray'; a hand basin that had certainly not been cleaned for several weeks if not months; and to top it all, a stain on the wall near the hand basin that, on closer inspection, appeared to be a lump of dried vomit! The bedroom window didn't need a net curtain as privacy was assured by way of the thick film of dirt.Against my better judgement I decided to check out the shared bathroom. Words cannot describe what confonted me. The whole bath was filthy dirty and the rim was covered in limescale that had gone way beyond the 'brown' stage. This was black and thick with mildew. The toilet handn't seen even a dash of Harpic for years, probably. Oddly, the door had several holes punched in it, presumably from people trying to get out!Please, please, please DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, STAY HERE. Sleeping on the streets is a far healthier option.	
Apr 7 2009 	You get what you pay for - but sometimes its all you can afford	This place (quite rightly) gets some pretty dire reviews but yet i`ve been back a couple of times. When I worked for my previous employer, expenses were so tight that when working in London, sharing a twin room in a dive such as this was as good as it got.So what are the bad point? the other reviews spell these out just as well as I can. The dirty rooms/windows/beds/bathrooms, the state of the &quot;decoration&quot; - with added holes kicked and punched into walls!, the dire breakfast in the dreadful club/breakfast room...Ok then, what are the good points...there must be some good points... The location is excellent for easy access into central London and having a tube stop only a minutes walk away is great. The parking is ample and although not technically secure, feels safe to leave your car parked up. Mid-week, we`ve never had any noise issues except for the main road and straining heating system. Last time I managed to leave an expensive piece of equipment in the room, the staff recovered and looked after this until I was able to pass by and collect.There are other better and just as cheap options near to the center but for the price it does what it says on the tin. Just remember, if you are paying youth hostel prices, expect youth hostel quality.	
Mar 23 2009 	Not pleasant	Me and my partner stayed here when visiting London to watch Arsenal. It was booked and paid for as a gift (yeah thanks for that Mum in Law) so I didnt see any reviews beforehand...wish i had taken time to look and I would hve cancelled.For a start I think we were lucky compared to the other reviews. Being a week night, the hotel was reasonably quiet, in fact we didnt see any other guests.The first thing that hits you is the unbearable heat. The heating is on full all night long. Even though it was January and freezing outside, we slept with the window as wide as it would open.There was no plug hole in the sink, just a large hole in the bottom, I was frightened to death of losing my toothbrush!The room was generally dirty with stains on the sheets. I would says £15 is the most Id pay for the room. YUK!!!!	
May 22 2008	never stay here!!!	I booked this hotel plus other events through London discount, to celebrate my partners birthday, the other events were all good and we had a wonderful time, but the hotel was a HELL HOLE.. more like a homeless shelter... The room was fithy, dirty and smelly. The furniture and bed looked as if they had come from a skip!There were holes punched into the door and walls.The carpet was thread worn and looked as if it could do with a good clean.The shower /bathroom was caked in limescale and there wasn't a very healthy smell.To make things worse the night club ( described as a lively bar) was making the floor shake!!!We decided not to stay and left.. homeless in london was better than sleeping there, didn't want to risk life or health.. we did book into the Premier Inn ( much better and only a few pounds more)..PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE!!!	
Feb 22 2008 	Disgusting	FEB 9th for 3nites Went to this hotel believing its pictures boy were we in for a shock this was the most disgusting hotel i have ever stayed in we arrived at12 o,clock told our room wasn,t ready so we went for a walk didnt come back till after 5 had to pay for room upfront now i now why this room was awful smell and very very dirty i spent saturday nite scrubbing the shower which i dont think has ever been cleaned the staff in the hotel changed every 5mins didnt know who were staff and who were guests. I dont mind staying in cheap hotels but this place is the PITTS. If you have any since DO NOT STAY HERE	
Jan 31 2008 	What a dump	We booked this hotel for one night after going to see Arsenal play. We booked this hotel because it is within reasonable walking distance to the ground. The reception area was quite cosy looking but the higher you climb the stairs the worse it got. When I entered our double bedroom [2nd floor No 409] I had to have a good laugh. I have seen better youth hostels.The decoration is about 20 years old, with some of the wall paper hanging off the wall. There are mysterious stains everywhere. The carpet is filthy and the curtains have burn holes as well as being dark brown from smoke and dirt. No double glazing along a busy road.The rooms furniture is even better. The wardrobe is a cut and shut job assembled and painted from another old wardrobe, the chairs legs were so bend that if you sat on it you'd slowly approach the ground backwards. There is a TV with an areal and here comes the biggest joke, they have a kettle and the usual instant coffe etc but when you want to boil some water you soon notice that the only free plug hole is underneath the little vanity table, so you have to put the kettle underneath on the floor to do this...The bed linen were fresh but not the cover, which was crap because we were cold without it. The heating can't be regulated from your room, you come in and its cold but they leave it on through the night and we had to open the window in order not to suffocate.Bathroom is small, functional but disgusting. Not because of dirt [it wasn't dirty] but covers are missing along the base of the shower, the filling along the basin is old, dirty and brittle.During the night you can hear other peoples TVs blearing and you get the impression that some people actually live there through the DSS. Noisy, dirty, ugly, too cold/warm, too expensive for what it is. Won't go there again even if the staff might be friendly. I mean come on, how much does it cost to replace a curtain?No intention by the owners to change any of it shows how much they care about their guests...zilch.	
Jan 16 2008 	Stay away	Where do I start? The rooms were disgusting (stains everywhere, dirty sheets, broken taps), the music from the club downstairs was so loud we couldn't sleep until it closed and the bathrooms were filthy.The only good point was that the staff were very nice.Pay a few extra pounds and stay somewhere habitable.I will not be staying here again.	
Dec 30 2007 	oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Well were do i start!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We booked this dump as it was not far away from alexandra palace were we watching the darts that night.As we walked in we were hit by the heat of the place,we were all cold so we thought lovely...Well we shouldnt of because it stayed on all night it was just unbearable,I didnt sleep inside the bed because it looked like it could have had a good wash,so i got bit to death,covered in bites...There was water dripping down the walls in the bathroom,mould everywere in there..the tv dint work at all...there was dirt all over the windows and floors,disgusting..it looked like they hadn,t cleaned it in months......We had a drink in the bar before we went out,we stook to the leather seats,there was dried drink all over the seats and tables...Then to top it off there was a polska disco in the bar until 4am,when they shut that down,all hell broke loose there was all fighting outside the place...it was just a knightmare of a place,didnt get any sleep at all because of the polish running up and down the corridors,slamming doors screaming out,we thought it was just like a polish refuge....If you have booked this hotel,well I just have pity for you.....what should have been a memorable experience ended up a miserable 1. all as i can say is i'm glad my darts players won there games.....How can this hotel offer itself as a hotel,its just a hell hole...if inspectors went in they would shut it down!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 4 2007 	Do Not Go Here!!	There is nothing good that i could say about this hotel (if you could call it a hotel)Here is a list of the many reasons why i was NOT happy...Outside appearence is not what it looks like from the website and first impressions, was disapointed.The rooms it's self was filthy, dirty walls, the windows were so smeared and dirty that you could hardly see out and not only that but the window wouldnt shut properly and the sound from the street was unbelievably loud...The tv in the room was tiny and with two buttons missing, the bathroom was a state with limescale EVERYWHERE and the cold tap was hot...Out of the four lights in the celing, only two were working, and those were right above the bed... and blinding!!The raidiator was stuck on boiling and with not being able to open the window at night because of the sound, it was way too hot in the room.Not only all this.... But when it came to trying to get to sleep at night, this was hardly possible because you could hear every movement, sound and conversation of everyone else in entire building... ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT!!!I've attached some picture of what the inside of my room looked like, its hard to get the real 'picture' of what it was like overall but i hope this gives you an idea.Do Not Go To This Hotel..... Save your money and time and go somewhere else!!!	
Oct 29 2007	Disgusting	I've never written a hotel review before but get the benefit of reading everyone elses, so I thought I'd give a little back. I think I owe it to everyone to warn them about this hotel. I have stayed in my fair share of budget accom but this is so awful it still sends shivers down my spine.Checked in and no curtains! Went to reception and they hand me curtains and say they are not maintenance. I have no pole upon which to hang the curtains - response 'nothing to do with us'. Eventually get an upgrade to a double room which does have a blind but the there is no latch on the window so it physically cannot be closed.Put it like this - I never used the toilet once. I slept with a towel on the pillow and a towel on my sheets. I boil washed myself when I got home. This is like SAS Are You Tough Enough but with diseases. You truely are better on the streets.Giving this one star is really over hyping it.....	
Oct 11 2007	What a Dive Stay away not worth a penny to stay in	I stayed in this hotel on my 30th birthday I was going to the West End to watch a show. We arrived at about half 3 and was given our key to room a 3rd floor room, we wasn't offered any assitance with our cases. We eventually climed the steep stairway and entered our twin room. The window was open, being held in place with a piece of wood balancing on the wooden frame and glass of the window, it had been raining and the window cill was soaked in rain water. I had to use one of there towels to soak up the water before it leaked all over one of the beds that was right under the window. There was a small portable tv in the room, but the ariel had one of its antenna's snapped off and was very sharp, and the ariel didn't pick up much signal, so there was any point of using the tv.The carpet was so filthy we didn't dare to walk on it with our bare feet, we could feel the carpet was sticky under our shoes. We arrived back about 11pm after our show and all the bars smokers were out the front' stood underneath our window that we had to have open as the radiators were on full blast all night and in such a small room it was so unbareable, the noise from the smokers, music form the bar and the traffic noise was unbarable and we never got any sleep. In the morning we couldn't stand being in there any more we were out by 8am walking as fast as we could away from the flea pit. I can't believe that the staff and management would sleep in one of their rooms so why do they expect paying members of the public to do so???? I am just so glad that I never had any of my children with me. From the dirty filthy toilet, to the thick cobwebs and sticky carpets I warn you all to stay away, I would rather sleep on the streets with the homeless then stay in this hotel again....	
Oct 7 2007 	Absolutely fine for a budget hotel	I really don't understand the other reviews for this hotel. OK, it's in need of some refurbishment, the rooms are small, some of the furniture has seen better days and there is some &quot;old building&quot; noise. But the bed and bathroom were clean and comfortable, the staff were perfectly friendly and there was plenty of coffee and tea in the room. The hairdryer even worked well by budget hotel standards. If you're looking for a really NICE place, don't stay here (but why would you think you would get one for this price, in this location?). If you're on a tight budget and just need a safe place to store your stuff, sleep and shower near central London, I would completely recommend this hotel. I will stay there again. (Incidentally I am a young single female and was travelling alone.)	
May 22 2007 	Do not Venture!	My family and I attended a function in London and needed somewhere central to the venue ,it was felt the spring park hotel would be ideal, whilst reserving the booking, the staff seemed exceptionally nice and well mannered, we were told that they have just completed extensive renervations to their annex which had very nice executive type suites, and that there is a resturanton site, so everyone was happy.On arrival at the Spring Park Hotel, we were asked for payment up front and directed to our, what we believed to be, very nice rooms, we all got a nasty shock on entering the building, the floor was dirty, the bathroom was filthy, there was &quot;gung&quot; on the showerhead, the bath and toilet were filthy including the floor, the bathroom flooded whilst attempting to have a shower, when we brought it to the attention of the manager, we were informed that the shower did not have a fault, they came to examine the bathroom whilst we were in a state of undress, no regard was shown, they denied a lot, was very patronising and confrontational, spoke poor english.&quot;What a nightmare&quot; never in my life have I ever, stayed in such a dive, this view is shared by everyone who was in my party.No female should stay in such a place, either on there own or otherwise, it's not safe, management used &quot;bully tactics&quot; to communicate.	
Mar 10 2007 	Do NOT stay here!!!	My only excuse is that I was desperate. I had only a few hours noticeto go to London and needed a room with guaranteed parking and near a tube, not easy in London on a budget. Everywhere seemed to be booked full apart from this fleapit, now I know why.On opening my room door I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, whichever I was stuck with it, I'd been on the road since 3am and it was now 4pm. Let's do good &amp; bad points.Good: Parking, location and. staff (they are Polish surprise, surprise and for some utterly weird reason, they are cheerful),Bad:- Room, Stank, to high heaven, I retched and then went out for air fresheners. Filthy window blinds, mm's deep in dirt and dust. Filthy sticky carpets, no way was I taking my shoes off. Filthy stinking bedsheets and they had just been put on! Furniture that a vagrant would not bother to rescue from a skip. Sockets hanging loose out of the wall. Four lights, one worked. The horrible feeling you are sharing your bed with a million things you shouldn't be. I kept my clothes on and slept badly.Bathroom:- Cistern hanging loose from the wall. Broken tiles, broken bath, no basin plug, broken window, filthy stinking shower curtain. the room was so dirty I decided not to wash and to stay dirty, there was less risk to my health. Breakfast:- No chance! I have 3 kids to feed and a life to look forward to, I passed.There is a pub/disco downstairs that is as rough as fcuk, I very nearly bought some of the drugs on offer to help me through the night ahead in my stinking hole. I got drunk because I spent so long in there trying to put off going to bed.Honestly, people sleeping rough in London are sleeping better than you would if you stayed here. I stayed in the Royal National recently that also has some bad reviews, ok it has it's faults but it is a palace compared to the Spring Park and it was only £20 a night more and right next to the British Museum.I would not stay there again, I'd rather sleep in a skip, a skip full of fish heads and broken televisons, I would not stop there again if they paid me the room fees! No matter what circumstances you find yourself in DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!	
Oct 9 2006 	Stay Away	This hotel has to be the worst place I have ever spent time in. Were do I start the full place has a stink to it, the bedding was dirty in fact everything was dirty and I’m not exaggerating my room door didn't lock and nearly every door I looked at had been at some point kicked in and then patched with a piece of wood. The hotel pub down stairs plays loud music right through till 4 in the morning and if you decide to go to the hotel pub you are not made to feel welcome, my mate’s wife was told by the bouncer’s on the door not to open her bag inside as it would draw attention to us. We went in to town and on the way back the black cab driver told us it is a very common place for hookers to work. In the morning when we where going home I noticed they had applied for a sex encounter licence, well I cant remember being told I was going to be staying in a brothel. I have learned the hard way you only get what you pay for so please do your self a favour and stay well clear of this dirty pit in a dirty street.	
Sep 26 2006	Danger! Keep Out	What an appalling place. Our room was in an annexe? and at the bottom of endless stairs. The bathroom was filthy and the window would not lock. the view was a 6 foot high brick wall 6 feet away. The all night party meant no sleep. This must be one of if not the worst hotels in London.	
Aug 27 2006	What a cesspit!!!	I warn all readers to never stay in this hotel, no matter how desperate you are for accommodation. Where will I begin.......No security, front door was always unlocked. Passed out patrons of the downstairs nightclub asleep in the lobby. Basil fawlty would have been embarrased to run this dive. Very difficult to get any sleep with the nightclub thumping away downstairs and various noises from other rooms around me ( obviously no sound proofing). I took my luggage with me to breakfast at a local cafe on the first morning as I didn't trust it to be there when I got back. Just as well because when I returned to the room somebody had made use of my so called private (en suite) bathroom facilities. I believe they may have had a curry the evening before!!!	
May 17 2006	Faulty Towers!	Faulty Towers woulldnt havea look in! My boyfriend and i stayed at this hotel last year. When we arrived we were given a room which was down a flight of stairs and the view from the window was a brick wall. The room had just been painted and there were wet paint signs all down the hall. The fumes from the paint hit us as soon as we entered the room so we decided straight away we were not slleping there. The room was okay,very basic, but the en suite was below standards. We ate downstairs in the restruant, which had nice eough food, but the tables looked liked they had never been wiped. On our way back we met the manager, who was very nice, and we mentioned about our room and she said we could change but advised us that the room we were in was one of the better rooms! Nevertheless we swapped anyway. We were then given a twin room that just about fitted 2 beds. It was discusting, the carpet , the bed linnen, the ensuite were all below hotel standards. The room had a tiny window which hardley let in any light, the tv didnt work, and one side of the toilet door was hanging off. We went downstairs for a few drinks in the bar and decided to get drunk as it might help us sleep! When we arrived back to our room we discovered we had no pillows!! We went to reception and asked for pillows and the porter told us they had no extra pillows and all he could do was roll up some bed linnen!! We were in hysterics laughing because we could not believe what we were hearing! But we accepted it as we were a little drunk and very tired. We went to bed fully clothed and put our shoes on to walk around the room and to go to the toilet. The next day we complained and we were moved again. No changes on standards. I could write a book on this place, its an absolute dump!	
Apr 19 2006	Disco damage?	This was the worst place I've ever stayed in. It was booked through a website which obviously had details from many years ago as it did not mention the disco til gone 3 in the morning. The double room we had was tiny with a tiny filthy window which kept out none of the traffic noise. The bed was worn out. The furnishings had certainly seen better days and the carpet and one curtain (hanging down) were dirty and covered in something sticky. Very worryingly some of the electric sockets have been put on upside down. I know this is a budget hotel but the standard is terrible although the staff were polite. We should have stayed three nights but stayed one. Although we had to pay up front we had no problem getting a refund as they were obviously used to no one staying!!!	
Apr 18 2006	Noisy horrible place	Booked special rate for Easter Weekend for a group of four. On arrival and checking into rooms thought &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. Went out had a few drinks outlook seemed better but it got worse. There was a disco blasting out until the early hours of the morning, which we were not told about when we booked. The beds needed new mattresses and were very uncomfortable. The rooms on the front were very noisy due to the constant traffic and visitors to the disco. Tried to have shower in morning but the water only trickled out of the shower making it practically useless. Then went down to breakfast and that left a lot to be desired and was the final straw and we decided we really could not possibly stay there any longer so we checked out. We did get a refund &quot;very easily&quot; as though it was a regular occurrence. We would not recommend this hotel even for a cheap budget stay it really isn't worth it!!!	
Dec 30 2005	Disgusting	I have travelled around the world and I have worked in hotels for year but I have never, ever seen anything like this. Making the booking was pleasant and we (myself and a male friend) got a good deal, and when we phoned to confirm our booking 2 days prior we were politely ensured our booking for a twin ensuite was secure an that it was a nice room. The hotel even looks nice from the outside, as does the reception. However, as we got there a group of 4 people had arrived to find teir booking did not exist and were very angry but we didnt let this put us off. When we got to our room we burst out laughing as it was DISGUSTING. The room was tiny and dirty and was NOT a twin but was a double and was certainly not ensuite. We went back downstairs to rectify the problem but were told we'd have to wait an hour or so. We are easygoing and are good friends so we made do and had a giggle about it. There were holes in the walls, sockets hanging out of the wall with bare wires, huge stains on the windows, hairs in the bed, only half of the fire procedures were visible, the TV needed to be unplugged if one ws to reach the sink in the corner (also dirty) the carpet... well, lets just say we felt compelled to keep shoes on at all times... (I'm afraid my pictures really don't show it at all)We can't comment on breakfast as we went elsewhere to look for somewhere clean.On check out he tried to charge us standard rates instead of the rate we'd booked over the internet. We had our written confirmation but he refused outright to let us pay those rates (I'm sure that's not legal!?) and we argued for a very long time, outlining as well all of the problems we'd had with the room, he would not call a manager. FINALLY he gave us a £5 discount on the standard rate which was what we'd booked on the internet anyway!!!I work in a beautiful small guest house and people still find room to complain on occasion. How do places this apalling get away with it?	
Nov 23 2005 	Creepie Crawlies	This hotel is absolutely awful. The rooms are basic and house furniture that has seen better days. The carpets have that dirty sticky look. Before you place your body on one of their beds be sure to pull back the covers and inspect!	
Nov 9 2005	Total and utter "---"	Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Forget the fact that this hotel is a 'budget' hotel - that simply does not excuse the fact that it is a complete and utter dump. The rooms are tiny - the twin room I had, you could'nt swing a mouse in it, never mind a cat, and the decor is filthy (the chair inside the room could have been lifted off a building site).Constant noise from the traffic outside (with the windows shut), meant for a thoroughly unpleasant nights kip.Don't bother with this place. Book somewhere else for a tenner more - believe me, it'll be worth it. A hostel would be a much better bet.	
Jul 15 2005	Attractive price - but very poor value	Recently I stayed in the Spring Park Hotel for the first time. Initially my partner and I wanted to spend 3 nights there but after the first night we decided to leave and find accomodation elsewhere.The first impression from outside wasn't even that bad but as soon as we saw our room we felt negatively surprised. For the price of 40 pounds we had certainly not expected luxury but what we found was way below standard. The wardrobe door would not shut, the towels had holes, the curtains, no doubt initially white, had a middle grey shade, the blanket was old and rough, through the single glased windows we heard the traffic and the downstairs disco for hours and hours during the night. The worst thing of all was certainly the bed ... to call it &quot;uncomfortable&quot; would be flattering, its mattress was so old that the metal springs seemed the only remaining content. In my sleepless night it came to my mind that the hotel was probably named after the status of the beds, the SPRING Park Hotel.The price is certainly attractive but the &quot;value&quot; we got was much too low, I would rather call the room we were offered and impertinence.It was definitely not the place we wanted to return to to relax after a day of sightseeing, neither the place to contribute any pleasure to our holidays.As I said, it was my first time but certainly my last time there.	
Jun 28 2005	Don't stay here very bad	We booked a double room and instead got a very small single room with a double bed. We had no room to put our luggage which made it worse as it was already tiny without our bags. The room was stinking hot. I advised the hotel staff who then went up to check for them selves. Upon their return I was asked if I wanted a refund. Only catch was it was a partial refund. What good was a partial refund going to do. It would have meant that if I'd found another hotel, I would have already lost money on this one and end up paying too much in total.The staff member at least offered me a fan! As we were staying only 4 nights and didn't want to waste time hunting around for another hotel (with all our luggage). So we elected to stay.The carpet floors were absolutely filthy. The Bed spread had cigarette burns all over it. The shower had trickling water. It took me 15 minutes just to get enough water on my very short hair so I could shampoo it. It took me 30 minutes to get enough water to wash the rest of me. The front desk staff were polite, so I give them that.I would not recommend this place to any person or beast.	
Jun 21 2005	Spring Park Hotel is Above Average	The following review is given by a person who works in the hotel industry. I've been the front desk manager at a 95 room hotel in Northern New York for some time now. I am providing for you my honest opinion of this establishment as both a guest and a member of the hospitality industry.I stayed at the Spring Park Hotel for three months while studying film in London from March to June 2005. From day one I was taken care of by a staff that would bend over backwards to ensure that I had the best stay possible. Let it be known that this hotel does not try to be anything more than it already is: a safe affordable place with prime transportation location (i.e. Tube, bus) and a beautiful park directly across the street. It's not the Hilton and its certainly not a roach motel... it straddles that satisfactory medium in between.A little bit about the hotel... Spring Park Hotel is compossed of two buildings. One is an older building that houses guests who require rooms primarily for nightly stays. The second building, which is newer, has nicer accomodations because the rooms are used less often. The rooms in this building would better suit travelers staying for a week or longer. The rooms are not gigantic by any means. However, I lived quite comfortably in a double en suite for three months. The room was cleaned three times a week (I had the option of having it cleaned everyday, but its a waste of housekeeping) and they did an excellent job. I never had any problems with my room and felt safe leaving my laptop, digital camera, and digital video camera in the room. The hotel employs security guards and also utlizes CCTV and at no time during my stay did I feel unsafe or threatened.The bathrom was clean from day one, the bed wasn't the most comfortable, but the sheets were always fresh and clean. It was nice that the room came equipped with a hospitality tray, television (BBC, BBC2, ITV, Channel 4, and FIVE), and a rather nice sized desk and cabinet. However the phones only dial the front desk, so you have to use a payphone to make any outside calls (There is one in the main building). The full english breakfast was a nice treat on early mornings (plenty of food) and the restaurant and bar provide entertainment seven nights a week. Good food, good music, pool tables, live DJs each night. Its a definite asset.When I left Spring Park Hotel in the middle of June, renovations were already underway in the primary building. These included both renovations to the interior hallways of the hotel and the rooms. They also replaced that troublesome water tank someone else had complained about on here, so the hot water situation is under control, and boy is it hot!As I mentioned before, the hotel has a prime location. Other nearby locations include CostCutter and three other off license markets (1 minute walk), Manor House Kebab (1 minute walk), Sainsburys (7 minute walk), and Internet cafe (10 minute walk). Buses pass through every three to five minutes, same with Tube trains, and the staff can always call a cab if it's going to be a late night.I recommend this place as a safe, clean, and affordable place to stay. The staff was extemely friendly in helping me to understand the city and ensure that my room was all right. Not one single problem in three months. The manager should be proud.I really hope this review has been helpful.	
Jun 15 2005	A shabby looking place!!! Not recommended!!!!	It's filthy and dirty!!!!! Absolutely disgusting! It's been the most horrible hotel I've ever stayed in!! When I entered the room there was a bird ---- all over the bed! I had breakfast there as well, actually didn't have anything because there was nothing to eat really and I felt disgusted by the look of the food! Very noisy! To cut the long story short I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! Shame I hadn't read the reviews before I booked the place!	
Dec 23 2004	Do Not Stay Here	I had originally booked to stay at the Spring park for a week as I was starting a new job in london and needed a temporary base. The room pretty grim and had a horibble humming sound. I asked to change room and actually looked at several other rooms which highlighted what a dump this place is. Many of the bathrooms didnt have any glass in the window. As it was late I elected to stay in the room. I arrived back the day after to find that the room had not been cleaned and towels had not been changed. The staff could not care less.I checked out the next day. I would suggest anybody who has anything positive to say about this hotel has shares in it.	
Dec 21 2004	Do not stay here	Even the flees won't stay here.Which is the name i gave this hotel the flee pit.It is disgusting the carpets are worn the bathroom is rusty the bins have not been emptied the beds had not been made the curtains were ripped there was food and drink splashes on the wall it made me feel SICK and the list goes on, after an argument with the staff we got our deposit back and went straight to the holiday inn.I will never compromise on price again you only get what you pay for in this case dirt and filth nothing like the brochure.	
Oct 13 2004	Spring Park Hotel.Dont stay at this hotel	I have stayed in the Spring Park Hotel on Seven Sisters Rd.on several occasions--Chosing to overlook things like the bar &amp; Restaurant being closed for renovations (not having been informed of this when i booked)---A broken water boiler which meant no hot water for two days...I could go on.However,I went back several times as the location is ideal..near where my daughter lives &amp; beside Manor House tube stn.M y most recent experience at this hotel was so extreme that I will not return there .On this occasion,someone entered our room while we were out for a meal &amp; stole a bag containing the proceeds of two full days shopping.There was no sign of forced entry &amp; everything else was left.Now I know that robberies are common.What annoyed me was the attitude of the hotel staff.They accepted no liability whatsoever &amp; had no explanation of how someone got into our room while we had the only key.We were left with the loss of several hundred pounds worth of goods.I certainly could not reccomend this hotel to anyone.Beware.	
Apr 30 2004	Good value for budget traveler	Upside:-Great priced B&amp;B for the budget traveler-Great location-Short tube ride into town-1 minute walk Manor House station on Picadilly line-1 direct underground trip from Heathrow-Friendly staff-CleanDownside-Rooms are small-Ensuite bathroom very small-Bed was a bit uncomfortable-Bedding a bit on the ragged side-A little noisy in the evening, but not too badNot a bad place to stay to save a few dollars... er... Pounds. Try to upgrade to the Executive room if you can.	
Oct 23 2009	Comme il dise: Oh my God!!		
Jun 18 2008 	Gros problème		
Jun 11 2008 	Hötel répugnant		
Jun 16 2007 	Ni se os ocurra ir		
