Jun 26 2009 	Avoid avoid avoid	Stayed here this week, hoping that some of the older reviews here had led to some improvements....Firstly, there was no-one there to check-in. I had to ring a mobile number and tell the man that I was waiting to check in, and then wait for him to turn up. One of the first things he said was to explain that the room was quite small, but I could upgrade if I wanted to, which didn't bode well. However, having paid over £100 a night for the room, I was not going to pay more.Room itself was OK, but smelled a bit musty. However, it wasn't clean - the carpet was stained and needed a good wash, and there were two mouse traps in the room, which again didn't fill me with confidence. Shower was good and hot, though, but the shower head only shot water straight out rather than down at all and wasn't adjustable. The toiletries were good (Gilchrist &amp; Soames), but there wasn't enough toilet paper to last the week. Some of the plates had been put away dirty, and the sponge and drying up towel were dirty.I stay in London a lot, and you can get MUCH better for the same price or less - I'll not be back.	
Aug 22 2008	Do Not Stay There	This hotel is disgusting, terrible and it is a disaster to stay there. It is dirty anf filthy. We would not dare tp sit on any chairs in the room. It was so dirty that we would not want to touch anything inside. Management was rude and tried to grab the money for the entire period we intended to stay fearing that we might want to check out once we have seen the conditions of the rooms. Unless you want to have a very unpleasant stay, you would want to stay there.	
Jul 15 2008 	An absolute disgrace	As the travel agent who booked this I am absolutely disgusted with the lack of cleaniness and the attitude of the staff. I booked a 2 bedroom apartment for the sole use of one guest, who was then asked by reception to share with strangers. When questioned the manager asked if our guest thought he was jesus Christ!!! When I said this was unacceptable I asked the cancellation policy and was told there was no refund, it finished with the manager calling me a [--] and to p.... off!!!In over 20 years of travel experience I have never come across should abysmal language or behaviour	
Apr 29 2008	Filthy run down appliances out of order and management could not care!	DO NOT STAY HERE unless you like filth and total disrepair. The apartment hadn't been vacuumed for at least a month before we arrived as the vacuum cleaner had broken (the new cleaner told me this) and a new one was purchased only after we had been there a couple of days. The curtains, carpet and furniture were very very dirty, stained and smelled musty. Only 1 hotplate worked on the stove. There were hardly any kitchen utensils - I had to buy some. The dishdrainer was coated in grime. There were countless lights that didn't work (including in the stair well so we couldn't see at night going up the stair with 2 small children) The front door would not close properly so we couldn't lock it when we left the apartment for the first four days until a locksmith eventually arrived. The shower screen door was off its hinges and in the shower recess in the main bathroom so was not usable. The washing machine door handle was broken so the door couldn't be opened unless a fork was stuck in the missing part and giggled around until it gave way. The washing machine never went through a cycle - you had to manually turn the dial to get it through a full cycle. Sky TV did not work. Wireless internet connection worked periodically and the owner sometimes allowed use of the computer in the lobby and sometimes didn't depending on his mood.Whilst sitting in bed at night I would watch the mice running from room to room.I presented him with a list of 27 items that needed attention in the apartment and he laughed and said &quot;that is nothing, I have recieved lists with a 100 items before!&quot;We were staying there as a family on a work trip where we were supposed have my husband's boss over for dinner - that was impossible due to the state of the apartment. Apart from the fact the dining table wobbles so much on its centre pedistool that plates slid on the table. One dining chair arm was snapped off on the back and they all wobbled.The amusing thing was the manager/owner's name is Basil, just like in Fawlty Towers, however Fawlty Towers did not suffer from filth and disrepair, just 2 incompetent and funny men.We had 2 weeks there and I desperately wanted to leave, but couldn't because it was too disruptive to the plans that had already been made.The owner told me countless times how rich he was and how he had just spent so many thousand pounds in France on holiday - unfortunately he doesn't approriate any of his wealth in maintaining this property that was advertised at the time as Kensing Park LUXURY Apartments!	
Jul 11 2007 	Take Earlier Advice--DO NOT STAY HERE	There were so many problems with this property. First of all, the photos on the property's website are not what will greet you upon check-in. The apartment we had was threadbare with dirty and stained carpets, stained sofa, chairs, and headboard. The draperies were falling off the hooks in the bedroom and it needed a fresh coat of paint and DEEP cleaning . However, there was a nice table in the sitting room. There were no lights in the stairwell except for 2 table lamps placed on the floor on the first landing and the second on approximately the 3rd or 4th landing. My friends and I left for a few days and returned because we had already paid in advance and knew that we would be out of luck if we asked for a refund, so we decided to just make the best of it. Upon our return, we were directed to the same apartment with the instructions that if we wanted our sheets changed we were welcome to do it ourselves. We walked into the apartment and the odor of trash hit us--the full trash bags had been sitting in the kitchen the entire time along with all the dirty towels in the bathroom, Basically, it was in the exact condition as when we had checked out 4 days previously. Another problem was the $50 charge per night for 2 nights for a friend leaving her luggage with us. We felt this charge was just a way to &quot;gouge&quot; us for more money. The management felt that since the luggage was in our room (one small carry-on size suitcase) and that it had been opened and left on the floor, that the person had slept in our room. We completely understood paying for the extra person if that had been the case but she did not stay with us. She merely brought her suitcase to put some clothes in it that we had brought her from the States. Plus, the manager saw her walk in with the suitcase and never asked us about it until she came the next day to retrieve it. Then he tried to get her to pay the money. She refused and a big fuss ensued. We were prepared for this problem thanks to the previous posts concerning difficulties with the management. We tried a different approach and did our best to work it out with them. As a result, they reduced the charge to $50. However, it would not have mattered how much they would have reduced it, we will NEVER recommend or stay in this DUMP again. One final note: The morning after our arrival, an elderly couple were checking out because of the conditions of the accommodations. They and their daughter found it totally disgusting and asked for a refund. They went elsewhere to stay. I know that the management will disagree with this review as they have with all other negative reviews. Please disregard their thoughts--it is as I say-disgusting and dirty.	
Nov 20 2006	Kensington Park Disgrace!	I was thinking of staying here again, hoping it had improved. we stayed there in 2003 and it was filthy and the host really a cheat.It is such a great location but I am sorry to read it is still the same. i will never, ever stay there again.Vancouver.	
Jul 12 2006	Incompetent and Inconsiderate	In March I booked a reservation with this property for two different stays during the month of July. In early July, I sent a reconfirmation note to the property. I recieved nothing in reply. I then reviewed my statements and found they had never billed for the deposit. In a panic, of being caught in LON without a place to stay in the height of the season, I attempted 2 more times to get the property to respond to my notes, including send a &quot;return reciept&quot; e-mail. All to no avail. So, I had to scramble and find new accomodations 9 days prior to the start of our vacation. I find it unbelievable that this property thinks it is acceptable to ignore customer messages.	
Jun 22 2006	Horrible G.M. Horrible Service Horrible Apartments	I was supposed to stay here from 02nd June- 10th June, but when I reached the property, the apartment allotted to me was shabby &amp; in the dark corner basement. I requested the G.M. (Ms. Lina) to change my room as this was very dingy &amp; small with no natural light or even a sense of freshness. the carpets smelled &amp; the toilets were disgusting. I kindly requested the g.m. to change my apartment as I knew that they had a few apartments vacant on higher floors, but she blatantly refused &amp; said remarking racially that people from your part of the world should not stay here (I am from India). to which I obviously was very furious to face racism in a metropolitan city like London was very strange for me as I have lived in England previous to this visit for 7 years while I did my graduation, never had I been challenged with discrimination of this sort.I have travelled around the world &amp; never have I seen anyone be so impolite &amp; non-courteous to a customer. this property &amp; its management need to be taught a lesson, so I would request all the people ever planning on staying, here think again &amp; do the right thing !!P.S.- after my confrontation with the g.m. following the racist remark, I checked out immediately &amp; they kept my deposit for the entire stay (GBP 760), which was not a very positive output either.	
May 5 2006	Do not stay at this hotel. The place is a dump with an unethical proprietor	Last June we booked a 4 night stay at the Kensington Park Apartments for a &quot;One Bedroom Standard Suite&quot;. When we arrived, we saw that the room was actually a very cramped single room that was dirty and had virtually no ventilation (window looking out on a light shaft). In addition, the proprietor raised the rate on the room by 30 GBP ($60/night), because we had 2 children, even though the reservation clearly listed all our four names. When we complained about all this he simply told us to take it or leave it and that he would keep our deposit if we didn't stay (which was advertised as 200 GBP, about $400 US). We tried to negotiate a lower deposit and agreed to stay at least one night, but he immediately became irate and insulting (calling us cheap and money grubbing) and demanded that we pay him for the full 4 night stay at this new higher rate in cash, nearly $1,000 US. We certainly did not have that kind of cash on us and could not get that much from our ATM, so we had to leave, leaving us on the street in London after a long day of travel from the West Coast with no place to stay.All of which is bad enough, but for the privilege of being insulted and kicked out of his hotel, he charged us $784 (not the $400 as advertised) as a cancellation fee, which we have been disputing with American Express ever since (who say their hands are tied).Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel at all costs. Better to camp in nearby Hyde Park	
Dec 7 2004	Please do not book	Please do not stay in this accommodation!I booked this apartment with a view to spending a few days in London with my family with Laterooms. It sounded nice and was in an ideal location for us so we booked. Initially I only wanted it for 2 days but on speaking to the reservations agent he told me the minimum stay was 3 nights-the agent asked me to wait on the line while he called the owner who agreed that we would be able to take it for 2 nights (thank god they record their calls!). The owner, Mr Bass, called me 1 week before our arrival to ask how many people were in our group-when I advise that we were 8 adults he told me that the apartment was too small, that I would have to pay for 3 nights, that nothing had been agreed with Laterooms. After much deliberation, I advised that I had received confirmation that he had agreed to our being there for 2 nights via email and that it was too late in the day to change. On arrival to the apartment, Mr Bass asked for payment in full before we had seen the room and advised that there were only 6 beds, the other 2 people could sleep on the floor (which was no better than a flea pit!) He denied talking to me previously and was still stating that we would pay for 3 nights.The accommodation was sub standard-not even a 1 star, the attitude of the owner unbelievably rude-He told us to go away to a bank, get our mickey mouse money and then pay him (his words). He also said that if we did not want the room then we should go, he was going to charge me anyway, AND that he was a multi millionnaire so money does not mean anything to him. I had to cancel my card as Laterooms were unable to help, but I am pleased to say that it was done in time so that he hasnt profited from me and that they have removed him from their website! (The Laterooms supervisor listened to the original calls and then caught him out!) Stay away from this place if you possibly can.	
