Oct 26 2009 	Aston's Apartments are good value in an expensive city.	Aston's is very well located in a quiet street in Sth Kensington with a short walk to to the Glocester Rd Tube station. We took the Executive Apartment which is bigger than the standard one and has a good bathroom. Well worth the extra cost. Self catering with good supermarkets close by makes an easy alternaive to eating out all the time if staying for more than a couple of days.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Place To Stay In London	These apartments are in a great location with Gloucester Road tube station a few minutes walk away. Very clean rooms and friendly staff. Apartments are fully equiped with everything you need. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location close to museums shopping and on Piccadilly Line.	I've stayed at Astons on a number of occasions now. I keep coming back because of its central location. It is close to museums, shopping , restaurants, etc and it's on the Piccadilly line near Gloucester St station.I also find it is clean and staff are friendly and helpful. You have to pay for WiFi but the connection is great which is useful if you are in London for work. The kitchenettes also mean you can cook and eat in. It would be great if the rooms/bathrooms were a little larger with space set aside for suitcases in the rooms but these criticisms are minor.	
Sep 8 2009 	Drab and dreary...but the place has its redeeming features too	When we arrived at Astons, ragged with jetlag and exhaustion, I couldn't believe my eyes. Our &quot;triple apartment&quot; was a single room. Drab walls. Drab carpet. Hideous curtains. Three narrow beds with white linens. An all-in-one bathroom with a weird shower arrangement. The strangest &quot;kitchen-in-a-cabinet&quot; I'd ever seen. No proper mirror, only half a closet, no alarm clock, a small television perched precariously on a stand, an inaccessible table crammed in the corner, our extended family spread between locked buildings with no way to enter the other buildings.... I honestly thought there was no way I could stay in this hotel for a week. But we went to bed, resolved to figure something out when we were less tired. And with a little more rest to clear my head, it seemed workable. Over the week, we came to love the location (close to a tube stop and essential businesses). The place is clean, and in a nice residential area. We didn't spend that much time in the room anyway. Be advised that some of the rooms are a long walk up numerous flights, and those facing the streets can be noisy. If you have multiple rooms, you may not end up in the same building and will have to call to let each other in the front door. But the price is reasonable and the location really is great. Lower your expectations and you'll be just fine. With that caveat, and for a budget traveller, I would recommend Aston's.	
Aug 13 2009 	Lots of Hot Water	I got a single room for £68 per night - but even at that bargain price it was not worth the money. Luckily the room had a balcony, otherwise it was more like a hermit's cell.The kitchen was no real use. For microwaving meals and making tea it was just OK.The fridge needed defrosting badly, and woke me up a couple of times in the early hours as it hammered away to keep cold. I was also awoken by the slamming of the main front door several times, despite notices requesting people to close it quietly.The bathroom was extremely compact; the hand-basin far too small, and the only redeeming point was lots and lots of hot water.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great location helpful staff clean private rooms!	I stayed at Aston while on a recent trip to London- on a recommendation from a friend. The location is great, the room was clean and private, and it was very quiet- which usually can be the most challenging aspect of staying at a hotel/b&amp;b. The rooms are located in apartment buildings so it feels homier than just being crammed into a big building full of rooms. I would recommend a double as I heard that the singles are TINY. There is no breakfast included, and I wish they had their Internet available at all times instead of just in the evening...but otherwise it's a great place to stay at reasonable rates for London!	
Jul 18 2009 	OK but not worth the money	Stayed in the Astons for a week in April. We chose it because of the location and the price. Also, since we were staying a longer time it felt like a good idea to have our own kitchen so that we would not need to eat out every night.We like the South Kensington/Earls Court Area so the location was good. Quiet residential area, 5 minutes to the tube station, several bus lines to different parts of the city, easy acces to Heathrow by tube.Apartment was really basic. Room was small even by London standard. Not the ideal choice when staying for one week, really cramped for two adults when our luggage and shopping filled every available space on the floor and one small table. Bathroom was really tiny, similar as in the cheaper cruise ships. Kitchenette useful for making a sandwich but not much else since there was so little room either to cook or have your dinner. Clumby bed and pillow, sheets were not changed during our seven nights stay which was really disappointing.Considering the standard of the room and that there was no breakfast, we did not get the room for good price. In the same area there were rooms available in four-star hotels for the same price.	
Jul 11 2009 	Tiny 	I checked in with my husband and young son. We were shown to our 'triplet' room by a very helpful attendant, but were soon dismayed with the size. Tiny and I mean tiny - say around 17m2.Anyway, I had arranged a travel cot, which I quickly returned because it was full of dust and looked like it had been sitting in a garage for years. At least they tried.The double bed is two singles pushed together and the mattress was so small, that we couldn't put the baby on because he'd slip. So we moved a mattress from the spare bed onto the floor, then the dining table onto the spare bed in order to create some room. We all ended up sleeping on the floor.The other thing is that the bathroom is also tiny - like 1m2. We may have gotten used to all of that, except that the cleaning was not up to standard. When we moved in mu sinuses immediately went crazy and I ended up spending some time dusting the room because there was so much dust everywhere and I had to complain on one occasion for the room to be cleaned because they had done such a sloppy job.I wouldn't necessarily recommend this place.	
May 24 2009 	A home away from home	I thought the office staff were kind and considerate. Very helpful with directions/restaurants, or anything that you needed. I ended up staying an entire week there b/c I felt very comfortable and the prices were decent for great location. I felt safe at night in the neighborhood and the place gives you a feel of walking into your own apartment. I wanted to experience of what it would be like to live in London and felt that my time at Astons was perfect for me. There are not many frills to the place but the little kitchenette allowed me to keep some food and water to lessen the cost of eating out. I stayed near the front door initially and the constant slamming of the door was annoying to me. However, I moved to a room on the 3rd floor and the door was no longer an issue. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a less touristy type of experience in London.	
May 19 2009 	I love this place I've stayed before and I will definitely stay again!	This place is clean, friendly, comfortable, great location, and an all around great bargain.I really like the idea of a room with a kitchen so that I can use it for breakfasts and a few dinners. I also like having the ice in the room which is not something you see much in the UK in a place that is not on the level of the Ritz. The location is very central and the Astons is five minutes from a tube station and Glouster Road is a straight shot to Heathrow.	
Apr 21 2009 	In the heart of London it's a great place small rooms but well equipped	It's a residence, not really an hotel but in a perfect position, very calm and well equipped. The price is good.	
Apr 16 2009 	Room was robbed on the first night of our stay	I can honestly say I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Friend, family, or even foe should steer clear. The first night in London we returned to our apartment to find that the door had been opened (not a forced entry) and items were missing from our room. Astons refunded us for one day and offered to move us to a different room in the building. The circumstances lead me to believe that the person who entered our room had key access, which narrows down any list of suspects. The room itself was in serious need of repair. The bathroom ceiling was heavily water damaged and all the faucets leaked. We also had a problems getting the stove top in the kitchenette to turn off. The next time we visit London we will not even entertain the thought of staying at Astons Apartments. A horrible experience.	
Mar 27 2009 	Do not stay here	I am fairly low key traveller.. i need the basics, cleanliness, a proper bathroom, room to breathe and functioning equipment. basics really. I booked tow weeks here thinking it would be convenient location to Gloucester tube (which it is) and provide me with a bit of savings for the two weeks. I walked in, took a look at the room, the toilet seat that was hanging on hinges, the huge cracks in the walls and chips of pain, the tiny TV and the overall smell and literally walked right out. I lost my deposit of course, but i would rather pay NOT to stay here. I could not have been more depressed. Really..	
Mar 9 2009 	absolutly worth the money - great location	Before booking this trip I watched hudreds of reviews, because I needed a central location but I was scared to finish into a rat shoe box in central London. Me and my boy were looking for a job for him, so we would have been around all day and we needed a cheap but clean place with a wam shower and a bed. Reading the previous review I automatically booked an &quot;executive&quot; room in advance, and the price wasn't very different. Don't expect anything executive as you maybe mean, but in overall my vacation went very good and the Astons made it easier.We arrived very late, we found the place easily (get down in Gloucester road metro stop, walk with the starbuks on your left hand and turn on your right when you see a gate around a garden, the second on your left is Rosary Garden, in total 3/5 mins walk) but the door was closed; we rang and there was out envelope with the keys ready; apartment number 20 was next door, and to be honest when I entered I had a bit of let down... very far from the pics I saw, so different that I thought that they made a mistake giving me the famous small rooms with smaller shower; I thought to find a room plus a kitchenette plus a bathroom, but: - the room is not an apartment, is a room with a bathroom, that's it; spacious, very clean, with a large table, hairdrier and iron; the problem is that in the website the kitchenette looks to be in a different room, that is not true: the &quot;kitchen&quot; is INSIDE a place that maybe once was a wardrobe;  - doing the kitchenette into this place, there's almost no wardrobe; - being this kitchenette 1 meter far from your bed and being almost no ventilation inside, every smell will remain with you all the time; once we &quot;half burned&quot; a toast and the fire alarm rang almost immediatly!We were too tired to call in order to know whether there was a bigger room or whether we were in the right one for what we paid, so we went the day after to reception; Ross told us that our WAS the executive apartment; I don't know how regular ones are, but I'm happy I was there :))But honestly, after this first doubts and in spite of little picky things ( shower not perfectly cleaned, bed done sometimes roughly), I have to say that Astons were the best solution I found, and the reason for which I give 4stars are: - the location is excellent for metro, buses and you can easily walk in town, getting to Harrods in 10/15 minutes walk (for London distances is nothing); if you feel lazy you can also remain in Gloucester area as you'll find fast foods, tesco, internet cafes, KFC and coffee place, hairdressers and a small mall; this saves you lots of money and time in movements - staff is extremely helpful and professional, both man and woman we met: internet is free from 6pm to 9pm (more or less), we forgot to print a resume and there was no problem; reception opens daytime and they help you out in all ways they can, showing you other rooms if you need and giving recomendations for where to eat and visit. They also explained us that underneath the bed there were some drawers to help up capacity of that small wardrobe - if you do not plan to do a serious spaghetti with ragu alla bolognese, the kitchen is honestly a good idea in a city expensive like London: you can buy at Tesco the necessary for your breakfasts and save a lot a lot and a lot of money: the kitchenette has a microwave, a fridge, a toaster, a coffee maker, cups, etc etc - after all I heard about London central hotels with less than 4 stars, I'm happy I was thereBasically a good experience and I'd be back.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great Value!	The Aston's Apartments are made up of 3 townhouses. My 21 year old son and I were put into #29, Room 25. Room 25 looks exactly like the picture on their website of the twin bed regular unit. We were thrilled to get the balcony we wanted and even though we were in London in February we did use it. The '&quot;kitchen unit&quot; is wonderful. It consists of all the plates, pans, cutlery, corkscrew, tea pot, mugs etc that a person would need. We did not use the burners, but we did use the microwave, kettle and fridge. I discovered that if I didn't have time to do my breakfast dishes before heading out for the day the cleaning staff took care of that for me. I didn't expect that! We saved money on meals by purchasing our food at the nearby Tesco (everything you need is there including alcohol) and at the Borough market (a great outdoor market ...be warned, it is extremely busy and lineups can be frustrating). Our beds were extremely comfortable and came with lovely duvets and clean sheets. Good pillows, too. There are drawers under each bed that we only realized were there after a few days...good for storage. We also had a nice dining area, TV and phone. We never had any problem with noise from other guests or outside noise. Downside? The bathroom is really small. I mean the toilet is practically in the shower and the only thing separating the toilet from shower is a shower curtain which actually touches the toilet. It did get a little musty smelling in there toward the end of the week. If you really must have a luxury bathroom don't go for this unit. I think the executive units are more posh. I have to say that the bathroom size didn't bother me a bit. I'd definitely stay there again. We loved the quiet well to do neighbourhood and we were just a few minutes walk from the Gloucester Rd tube station and a couple of blocks from the internet cafe (really nice people there) that we used every night. We felt extremely safe and left our balcony doors open each night for fresh air. The staff were pleasant, but we had little dealings with them other than check in and check out. We did have trouble with our shower at first (our own fault; we couldn't figure out how to get hot water at first) and they offered to move us immediately. We liked our room so much though, that instead we took a key for another room that we were told we could use for our showers. The only thing that disappointed me was that we asked for a cab to be called for us when we left and one came immediatley, but it wasn't a real London cab. It was a Mercedez Benz and it cost us 25 pounds to go to Paddington Station! We were ripped off. I wish they had called us a real cab. We were in walking distance of The Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum and Harrod's (Harrod's was about a 25 minute walk). We like to walk and so didn't find it too far to walk to Hyde Park, Royal Albert Hall, Harvey Nichols although those are of a greater distance. There is a movie theatre about a 10 - 15 minute walk. We used the underground everyday and felt comfortable going all over the city.	
Jan 8 2009 	I think I know why the reviews are mixed...	I think I know why the reviews are so mixed...I stayed in Aston Apartments on an overnight business trip to London. I booked a single, but at the last minute my boyfriend tagged along. We figured, what the heck, we'll squish up in a single.Well, when I walked in the room I almost cried. In fact, I think I did. The bed looked like it had been rescued from a charity shop, all the fittings and fixtures were raggedy and worn out, and the &quot;bathroom&quot; was a kind of all-in-one-plastic-perhaps-meant-to-be-on-a-boat-or-train wet room.While I was out at my meeting, my darling boyfriend did the best thing ever, and upgraded to a double - and I think maybe even an &quot;executive&quot; or something. What a difference! A beautiful, big room, lovely bed, clean, new, big bathroom, and so on.The reason I'm giving them a low score is because I originally booked in the single room which they expected me to be happy to climb about 10 flights of stairs to get to, and which was, frankly, crap.	
Dec 6 2008 	Excellent value	The rooms are very clean and well-tended by staff. All rooms have kitchenettes, which are particularly useful to the traveler. The higher-priced designer rooms are quite beautiful; the more inexpensive rooms are plain and simple, but comfortable and very functional. The management was very responsive and prompt when asked to address problems. Very good value is given for the price charged.	
Nov 16 2008 	Just right for us	My wife and I came down to London for a two-day course in the city. We were looking for overnight accommodation with breakfast near the city centre. Although SW7 is not a central locality Astons suited us very well indeed, being easy to access on the tube, and not too far to walk from the station. although this was not the original intention we actually preferred provided our own breakfast. There is a Waitrose supermarket right next to the station where one can buy the basics for breakfast. Rosary Gardens is very quiet so we did not mind not having a bedroom at the back. These are very small but v. well fitted out and spotless. We have never seen a kitchen fitted in a cupboard but the novelty interested us - everything needed for a preparing a light meal was provided so we decided not to go out for dinner. I commented to a colleague from the USA that the 'kitchenette' and bathroom were not big enough to 'swing a cat in', much to his puzzlement! If you wish to have a good night's sleep in a decent clean and quiet environment, we recommend Astons above any low-cost centrally located hotel providing breakfast. We paid BPS 94 for the double, and we would definitely stay there again on short trips to central London	
Nov 10 2008 	High priced shoe box	The location was fine, and I suppose it is an expensive area. However, the triple studio was very small, with en ensuite about the same size as in a caravan.All together, not a comfortable stay for 3 people.	
Sep 26 2008 	Astons Apartments beautifully located efficient and quiet	My mother (82) and I spent a week in London to visit my son who is working there and travelling (everywhere!). I chose the Astons Apartments based on location and kitchenette facilities. Both are important when travelling with my mother since she needs time to get ready in the morning and it also saves us time and money. The kitchenette was fully equipped with a microwave, stove elements, kettle, toaster, dishes and cutlery plus sink to clean up. A nice sized table and 2 chairs provided eat-in space. We asked for #6 which as twin beds and a balcony - we enjoyed sunny and warm weather when we stayed so the balcony was a real plus. The beds were very comfortable and housekeeping was done daily. As in many European countries, facecloths are not provided - so bring your own if you require. I bought tablet type ones (8) at the dollar store in Ottawa, which expanded when water was added, and they worked fine. The bathroom in #6 is a single pre-cast plastic unit and a bit small but worked just fine for us - very efficient.The staff were all very polite, friendly and helpful and checked the web for directions and made reservations for us. The office has a computer for use by guests. Behind the office is a beautiful garden for all the nearby residents. Ask the staff to unlock the garden gate for you and wander around. I took lots of photos of the flowers and enjoyed the quiet and solitude.Astons Apartments, 31 Rosary Gardens in South Kensington is well located - less than a 5 minute walk to the Gloucester Road underground station and has nearby grocery stores - the large Waitrose (with lots of wine as well) and the Tesco which is open later. Royal Albert Hall is within 15-20 minutes walking distance - we attended the Peace One Day Gala on Sept. 21. Also, the Original Hop On Hop Off bus stops right in front of Rydges Hotel on Gloucester and their competitor the Big Bus stops near the underground station. For car lovers - there is a Ferrari dealship right at the end of the block and a Maserati parks in the area. I had to have my photo taken standing beside it!!!There are great restaurants near Astons which you can walk to in less than 5 minutes - several Indian ones and a nice pub but make a reservation especially if you are eating after 8 pm. We ate at Kare Kare on Old Brompton Road which had great seafood prepared Indian style. The Cafe Forum on Gloucester Rd. has good coffee and croissants and the Fish &amp; Chip place across the street has ...delicious fish and chips. We also picked up prepared food - fresh and frozen at Waitrose and Australian and NZ white wine (cheaper than in Ontario) - to eat in.I would definitely stay at Astons Apartments again.Karen MacLaurinOttawa, ON Canada	
Sep 22 2008 	Great	We stayed in room 38 it was roomy the beds were great plenty of room all around. Great location also.	
Sep 1 2008 	Loved the Manager but not Aston Apartments	Hi there, we stayed (2 adults one child ) one night at Astons recently...and I am glad it was only one night. We were booked to stay at (Base2stay) just a few blocks away in a lovely little residential neigbhourhood but they couldn't accommodate us for one night (Saturday).There are no lifts at Astons...so if you have heavy cases - you may have to lift them up many flights of stairs (like we did) depending on where you stay in the complex - (although we had lots of offers from the staff to help). The apartments are old and tired and in need of a new renovation in my opinion. Ours which was in the main building was #3 (a triple) and although clean and tidy...the bathroom was sooooo musty that I couldn't even stand it long enough to take a shower in it so I washed my hair in the kitchen sink. (I'll try to post pictures of the bathroom so you can see how small it is and yes the shower is only separated from the toilet by a curtain as you will see) The kitchenette is quite adequate and we made good use of it . The beds were a little worn out and I felt like I was listing to one side but my daughter was comfortable in hers apparently... We were also next to the main door so it was noisy when people were coming in late as the door would slam each time. (Bring earplugs...I recommend them if you are a light sleeper) We were shown 3 rooms before we found one suitable...and only charged a small fee for the upgrade from a double to a triple..... Astons has a quaint little courtyard that all can use but you need to contact management to get access as you can't access with your key.Rick Patterson the Manager at Astons couldn't do enough for us though - he is such a gentleman....I hope someone steals him for an upscale hotel somewhere and pay him appropriately for his exellent service and people skills........Check-in was fast and efficient as was checkout. (Keep in mind you will have to pay a 30 pd. damage deposit which is not charged to your visa but an impression of it is taken of your card and the amount is filled in should there be any damage I guess...) You get the copies returned to you when you leave. We also requested a hair dryer, iron and ironing board which we rec'd promptly. A word of caution....watch the rooms in the front upper floors with the balcony as you may share it with another room as we saw we might have....the bloak next door on the 3rd floor of another building (possible resident?) was a chain smoker and we saw a pile of cigerettes on his terrace that you could fill a 2 litre ice-cream container....(no exaggeration!) it was so gross...we imagined ourselves not being able to leave our windows open at night (there is no air-conditioning at Astons....) If you are on a tight budget, then these apartments are adequate but because of the must and carpeted areas - if you are sensitive to smells, (noise) or have allergies - I don't recommend Astons. You will love this area of London though as you are a short walk to two grocery stores (Sainsbury's and Tesco) and lots of little shops and excellent restaurants. The tube is a 3 minute walk as well to Earl's court. I recommend this area for a stay in London.	
Jul 24 2008 	Avoid Astons Apartments	I would avoid this place. Although London apartments can be expensive this is not good value for money. The rooms are poky and its really fun carrying your luggage up 5 flights of stairs. The walls are paper thin so you hear all the noise from other rooms. There are many better places in a similar area in London.	
May 3 2008 	Solid Service Perfect Location Very Clean	i'm not really sure what the people are complaining about. It seems that sometimes we Americans are a bit picky or depressive when it comes to accomodations in 'old europe.' the UK is not the US. I have been staying at the Astons Apartments since 2004 or 2005. I have never been disappointed. The studios are small. If you stay in a single in a hotel the room would be even smaller. Since I am a petite person, the set up was perfectly fine for me. There was a flat screen (space saving) television and I like that items in the kitchen are on a timer to conserve energy. and my room was clean and the room was serviced daily. it is one of the best locations in the city for getting a feel for both how a resident lives while simultaneously being within walking distance or a short tube ride where ever you would like to go.my particular apartment this time around had a nice balcony. i really enjoyed my stay. but perhaps it is not for everyone.	
May 1 2008 	Evil management Unsafe Claustrophobic	Hotels in central London can be a SHOCK!This place was booked online from India. Upon arrival I found that the single rooms are quite claustrophobic... to the point of being unsafe. This is a typical Victorian era building converted into a hotel. In an area less than 10 x 10 sq. feet, They have managed to install a bed, a kitchenette &amp; a readymade installable bathroom. Then room had a big window that wasnt airtight... so cold air kept coming in all through the night. There was no air conditiner in the room either. The bathroom is like a candle case... if you have to bath you couldnt come out clean without having to scrub your body against the walls and the curtains. I really wonder if this place is upto fire safety standards and hotel standards of London. Or does the London government allow anything to spring up anywhere without reason or bounds?On complaining, I was moved from a depressing basement room to a room on the first floor. This room was lobby shaped with a higher ceiling and the typical french-style glass panelled door that opened into a common balcony shared with two other lobby like rooms. Now, this isnt safe either. Also, to be safe from potentially unsafe neighbours, you have to keep the door closed! Again no air conditioner to condition the air.I found the management to be shrewd and uncooperative. Their attitude seemed to convey the sentiment... &quot;Hard luck... we fooled you online!&quot;I had to curtail my stay in this place and move to a better place, for which I had to give a tall notice of 7 days, which means I was stuck! Of course I was given the option to move to a larger claustrophobic room at about double the rate. On the day I was leaving, at about 9:30 am, I completed the checkout procedure. There was only one person in the office and no concierge facility. While checking me in the same boy at the desk quickly moved my luggage to the room. But when I was leaving he didnt have time for me. There are no lifts in the building. He curtly asked me to request the laundry people to bring my luggage down. Hapless, I did and they politely refused. I went back to the office, and this time he asked me to ask the cab driver to bring the luggage down. The cabbie obliged.In having the cabbie bring my luggage down, the hotel official was not present, and the key was left behind in my hand. By the time I checked into the new hotel I was quite late for work. As Astons was farther from the tube station, but only two blocks away from the new hotel, I took a liberty; I left the key with the new hotel and called Astons up on reaching my office with a request to pick up the key, purely as a courtesy on my own behalf. They threatened me - &quot;Deposit the key personally by 12pm or they would charge my credit card with 50 pounds&quot;. (They had taken a deposit CC authorization from me &quot;in case I damaged the TV&quot;. I had taken it back while checking out, still the threatened). With no choice I returned them the key personally. I asked him how they would have charged my card. He said.. &quot;I couldnt. But this way I got you to bring the key back. Thank you very much&quot;. So that was my experience. I may have been naive, but the basic point is that the minds of the manager and the staff they have employed are full of malice and extremely uncourteous. And I think the hotel is unsafe. The neighbouring hotel costed only a few pounds higher and had space challenges, but they were very courteous and well managed! I am considering forwarding this to the local municipal authority, even after such a long time has elapsed. One may think why I am doing it now; but the Astons experience is so prominent in my mind. They deserve this! This hotel is cheapskate inside. So be it. But the customer should not be fooled into a cheapskate residence. I even think that I wouldnt have thought so much about this place had I been just passing through London and staying only for a day, but I was there to stay for long, and Astons sold the room to us knowing fully well that they are not equipped to provide for basic services.	
Apr 14 2008	Unbelievable Value 9n Central London - The Astons Apartments	Unbelievable value in central London – The Astons ApartmentsHaving spent a delightful week at the Aston’s Apartments last summer I had no problem in making the choice to stay there a second time; this time for over a month in January and February, 2008. The most compelling reasons for such an easy choice of place to stay in London are: 1) the Aston’s extremely considerate staff 2) the location and3) the compact, self-contained, well-organized, economical accommodation.1 – The staff, including the efficient, knowledgeable and courteous manager, the three diligent, considerate and enthusiastic duty managers and the very accommodating maid service, added to the quality of my stay in London. Any enquiry or need covering any aspect of my stay in London was appropriately addressed with speed and alacrity, and always, with a genuine warmth.2 The location: Aston’s Apartments is comprised of a few terraced houses set in a superb central, very safe location in cosmopolitan South Kensington, nestled amidst private schools, museums, parks, restaurants and fashionable shops. After just a few minutes walk one arrives at Gloucester Road tube station with its three lines – Piccadilly, District and Central – delivering one to any point in London with speed. The West End - home to many theatres and varied attractions - is just a few stops away on the tube.Also at Gloucester Road tube station there is a Waitrose grocery store, a 24 hour Tesco grocery store and many, many varieties of restaurants, shops and pubs nearby offering choice galore. Just a few minutes walk further along on the Cromwell Road is a large Sainsbury’s grocery store. These British grocery stores carry a tremendous variety of foods, many of them specializing in foods for the discerning palette, as well as the intolerant intestine. Kensington High Street, 10-15 or so minutes walk away, offers entrance to Kensington Palace Gardens (Lady Di interests); the Rooftop Gardens open to the public (call ahead); The Royal Albert Hall presenting a variety of spectacles, along with the many more very fine attractions. Hyde Park has an entrance off Kensington High Street and close-by Kensington Church Street has many fine antiques. The Victoria &amp; Albert museum, along with the British History Museum, is just a short walk away, and the world-renowned Harrods of Knightsbridge is about 20-30 minutes walk away. There are many buses traveling along all of these routes, as well as the underground, not to mention an abundance of highly efficient, reasonably priced taxis. Also within walking distance - about 25-35 minutes - is the famous Notting Hill antique market at Portobello Road on Saturday mornings – not to be missed! And, of course, many, many more exciting attractions, too numerous to list.3 – the accommodation: - the concealed kitchen houses a microwave, kettle, stovetop, sink, drainage area doubling as countertop, a selection of pots, cutlery, glassware and crockery, a garbage area underneath the sink, alongside an ample sized fridge underneath the countertop, and an exhaust system to carry away any cooking fumes. The doors can be closed on any mess, instantly removing it from sight and the maid service will clean it all up! The compact bathroom, in the room with an efficient exhaust system, allows for privacy in this economic situation.Bearing in mind that this is a most desirable area of central London, with ease of access to all points of interest, one would be most prudent in staying at the Astons on a London visit where own shopping and cooking allows for a most unique economic central London experience. Although the office is open only from 8.00am till 9.00pm daily, there is always a duty manager available 24/7.One could be forgiven for questioning the existence of such unbelievable value. To get all of this for a stint away from home in central London – along with a balcony if one is on the 1st floor at the front – is a great deal indeed. For all 3 reasons mentioned, I will hope for vacancies at the Astons on my future visits to London, and I will definitely recommend it to my family and friends.	
Feb 18 2008	Happy to have stayed in Rosary Gardens	Just back from a stay at Astons - not the first time I've done so - and once again very pleased with my time there. The studios, flats and common areas are kept very clean, and staff were pleasant and helpful. The studios for one are small: very small, in fact, almost disconcertingly so. But with wonderful high ceilings for lots of light and all of London on one's doorstep, the small rooms can be forgiven.The washrooms are tiny, and there aren't lifts in the buildings, which some may view as a downside to a stay at Astons. I decided to take those things as part of choosing to stay, and planned accordingly. Gloucester Road station is no more than a five minute walk away, Sainsbury's is about a seven minute walk, so as a pied-a-terre it suited me just fine.Some travellers may need to adjust their expectations, but Astons does what it is supposed to do, and for that I am very grateful.	
Feb 2 2008 	Dirty bathroom basement room.	Astons has a decent location near the Gloucester Road tube, and makes an effort to make the decor of their rooms cheerful. Our room had a tiny, recently renovated bathroom. This is where the positive points, however, ended for us. We were assigned a room below ground level, basically in the basement, with a view of a dirty alley. The ground level on the streets is higher than the back of the buildings, so this could be called a &quot;garden&quot; apartment, but it's depressing and not where I wanted to stay on my vacation. The bathroom sink drain also had hair from an previous resident. I would never stay here again, even if offered a room on a higher floor. They should have told us before we paid that we would be in the basement.	
Dec 4 2007	Dreadful	Location is great - max 10 min walking to Gloucester Rd - that is where the good news ends. The reservation was made by telephone rather than internet to specifically reserve a ground floor room (because we couldn't manage the stairs and there is no lift), however, upon check-in were given options of upstairs or downstairs. Our reservation was ignored. No accommodation was made for our special needs upon checkin nor for any of the other four nights. Furthremore: The room reeked of curry. The tea kettle was broken, requested new one and it was not proivded. There is, in fact, no satellite TV and the first remote didn't work, requested a new one and the second one also didn't work. The towel heater doesn't work either. The clock /alarm clock buttons don't function - time is always three hours late.I would not recommend staying here. There are numerous other self catering apartments within easy access of Earl's Court and Gloucester Rd for the same rate and better chances for decent accommodation (or at least that which is advertised).	
Nov 13 2007 	Fantastic Location	First of all the hotel is fantastically situated. Just 3/4 minutes walk to Gloscester road tube station. That tube station is located in zone 1 and has 3 lines passing by. Just great.The hotel it self was nice. we stayed in the last floor, and we found a very clean room with a very well equipped kitchenette. Didn't like the bathroom so much, but have to admit that it did serve every of your needs.So, next time i'm in London i will check Aston apartments availability first. It's a great value for price.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Location but in need of renovation	Aston Apartments are in a great location in South Kensington on a quiet residential street. 5 minutes walk to Gloucester Road underground.My husband, son and I had a &quot;family&quot; apartment which was on the lower (basement level). It had a large window and was very bright and an outside stairway access into the apartment.It was smaller than we expected. It was damp and smelled musty. The beds and linen were clean. The kitchen area was adequate and moderately equipped. The bathroom was very small and damp.These apartments could be great if they were upgraded especially the kitchen and bathroom. The photos on the website make it look grander than it is.Staff were very helpful and polite.Would I stay here again? Maybe. Hotel accommodation is very expensive in London and this was adequate for a short stay. If you are looking for 3 star plus accommodation, this isn't it.	
Sep 20 2007 	Very disappointing!	Stayed in an &quot;Executive&quot; double room at the Astons Apartments recently. We arrived full of expectation but were soon to realise that it was not what we hoped for. The check in area was a messy room at the back of the ground floor - no great welcome. The door to our &quot;apartment&quot; was chipped and had been patched up in a number of places but not repainted - not a good start! Really the only compliments I can think of were the location and that the room was very quiet, looking out onto a pleasant garden.The room was tiny - there was hardly room to walk around the end of the bed and defintely not what I would call an apartment. The kitchenette facilities were basic and set up in what was really the only cupboard. There was no plug for the sink and although I asked each morning we never saw one. When we arrived there was a THICK layer of grease in the sink and also on the back ot the dinner plates - obviously the last guests roast dinner! There was virtually no space for clothes or suitcases. There was a tiny cupboard to hang clothes but very awkward to access. We had to leave our suitcase under the table.We booked a double room but had 2 single beds pushed together. The mattresses were very lumpy and the springs could be felt every time you moved. The sheets looked like they had been recycled from the local hospital, in fact one pillow case had a hospital logo on it. The pillows were old and stained and only had one slip over them. Theblankets were synthetic and very worn looking. The carpet was rippledand literally worn through in a number of places.The bathroom was miniscule and when the window was opened looked ontoa window sill with paint peeling off in big chunks. There was hardly any grout left between the floor tiles, so to clean the bathroom was impossible. There was also general grottiness in the corners of the bathroom.The whole place looked and felt like a hostel except it was nearly $400 a night.We would NEVER stay at the Aston Apartments again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Lovely location!	I'm really much more of a pampered hotel traveller but I loved this experience. Yes it is like staying in a studio apartment complete w/mini kitchen so it would be perfect for longer stays. I was there for only one night but wished it was longer, facing the courtyard/Mews I felt like one of the locals for just a minute.The staff was helpful and funny when she apologized for giving me an &quot;upgrade&quot; (which meant putting me in the top floor room...70 steps, no elevator). Older travellers might want to ask for a lower floor.The room was not very modern but everything worked and overall very comfortable.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great location	The apartments are basic but clean and comfortable and very quiet. The kitchenette was very handy and helped to save costs of always eating out. The bathroom (including toilet) was very very small (tiny) but adequate. If you need a larger bathroom you might want to consider upgrading to the next size room. The location of the apartments was the main drawcard for us. It was very close to the tube (Glouscester Road) and was on the hop on/hop off bus route and also the normal bus route. The train from Heathrow Airport delivers you direct to the Glouscester Road Station then its a 3-5 minute walk to the hotel. The local shops included two supermarkets, banks, foreign exchange outlets and many pubs and cafe's. It was in easy walking distance to many museums including the Royal Albert Hall and Kensington Palace and gardens.	
Jun 10 2007	Cheaper than most London hotels!	I often stay at the Astons, as it is (for central London) extremely cheap! The rooms are small, and basic, but it is beautifully located in the heart of South Kensington, It is completely self-catering, which suits me fine, although that might not be everyone's preference. The only problem that bugs me is the complete lack of elevator! In the past, if I have had a very heavy suitcase, one of the guys at the front desk has helped me, and I tip them....that's the only way around that problem, really. Worth mentioning that the service is very friendly indeed, which often makes up for the lack of elevator and totally unreliable WiFi connections!	
Apr 7 2007 	Pretend to be Wealthy	Wouldn’t it be brilliant to have a smart flat in a very exclusive London neighborhood (Kensington for example)? Well, if you are anything like me you have no chance of ever affording that - but you can pretend for a few days by staying at the Astons. For about $300 a night you can essentially get a very small apartment on a tony London street with a Ferrari dealership at one end. Paradoxically, with the average London meal at the $100 mark you can actually save money by eating in using the small but functional kitchen. Our apartment was in need of a couple of handyman visits and the shower was so small enough that once you dropped the soap it was irretrievable but otherwise no complaints.	
Jan 26 2007 	Go for the executive	I chose this property after reviewing a number of listings in TripAdvisor. I would pretty much agree with what other writers have noted. I happened to stay in a &quot;double&quot; that was non-executive and, while comfortable for 1, would have been cramped for 2. The neighbourhood is wonderful - quiet and conveniently close to a number of amenities and attractions. If you're a fan of Indian food, you must eat at Noor Jahan - just a short walk away. The staff were friendly and all, but I question the value. The sheet on the bed was torn, there was no bottle opener or corkscrew in the kitchenette and only one wine glass (one would think that you'd want to share, if you're staying in a &quot;double&quot;!). I think I'll look elsewhere in my continuing pursuit of good value in Knightsbridge!	
Jan 5 2007	Great area. Not problem solvers	Have stayed there in 2003 and again in Dec 06Excellent location - well-to-do area close and safe enough to go for a jog in Hyde park - right in the middle of everything London.Very reasonable price for area. Tiny rooms but clean. But no shampoo or conditioner in bathroom - and only 1 hand towel (no hand towel or face cloth).When problems arose, staff was pleasant but problems not solved. Had confirmed ahead of time there would be wireless in room - Got there and it wasn't working - had to go to room in separate building in day until finally got wireless in room. Room was quiet until house beside had lovely blaring party till 5:00 AM - could not obtain help from hotel.	
Dec 17 2006	Still in Love with SW7--thank you Astons!	Ditto to the previous reviewer--for those of us who are on the road frequently, Astons is really a welcome change from our favorite haunts in and around the Capital, especially after arriving after an excruciating work week &amp; transatlantic flight (although AA136/137--LAX/LHR is what I consider one of the more pleasant ways to get across the pond) for a long weekend/R&amp;R. You will not find room service or lifts; but what you will find is an exceedingly clean, quiet and comfortable property in an excellent residential setting in South Kensington. I stayed in an executive studio double (no. 27) three flights up, with a fascinating couryard view; the fully-equipped galley is actually the reason I stay at Astons; it's SO convenient to have coffee in the morning immediately on waking, without waiting for room service or leaving your room . . . and also to eat in at night as an option from restaurants and take away. For those not accustomed to European standards, be aware that the square footage is not extravagant, but for this part of town, Astons is a remarkable value! The shower offers adequate pressure, although the lighting in the bath area could be improved around the mirror area; the bedside lighting is also not the brightest. Staff is unfailing polite (and attractive); if you want to feel at home in one of the most exciting cities in the world, consider Astons--you won't be disappointed!	
Oct 29 2006 	Extraordinarily convenient - but go Executive not Standard	I have been staying at Astons 4 nights a week, on and off, since 2003.There are many hotels in London that are more luxurious, if you want to pay twice the price; or you can pay the same price and enter the great London lottery to see just how small, noisy and depressing a hotel room can be.What keeps me coming back to Astons week after week are:1. Independence - the kitchenettes are tiny but well equipped, and free you from the hassle of dining out every night.2. Convenience - 5 minutes from Gloucester Road station and the Circle, District and Piccadilly lines; 45 minutes walk from Victoria.3. Room size - I've cooked a dinner for my visiting brother, done hours of work on my laptop. The executive rooms are very practical spaces, and most have acces to the wireless LAN.The things that bug me are:1. Lack of aircon - but this is a general complaint with London hotels under the £100 mark (and many over it).2. Lack of a lift - it's no joke dragging everything up 7 flights of stairs to the topmost rooms.Astons reception closes at 21:00; you can still get in by buzzing the bell but you can't then pay until the next morning. I've always found the people in reception to be friendly and personable - again, not at all a 'given' in London hotels.For me, the key to a happy stay in Astons is to book an Executive room. The standard rooms are mostly poky and depressing; they are always less well decorated.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great location Good value for money	Excelent location, 2 minutes from Gloucester Road subway station (3 lines). Not large room and tiny bathroom but very clean and with a very functional kitchenette.Very friendly staff.Good value for money paid	
Oct 7 2006 	quaint charming and convenient Aston's Apratments	Having spent many hours researching comfy accomodations to fit our criteria, I settled on our weeks stay at Astons Apartments in London, England. A two minute walk from Gloucester Road tube, a charming South Kensington (SW7) neighborhood with lots of amenities, the convenience was surpassed by Aston's accomodations. They have a few buildings that offer two levels of studios; the standard and the executive. We opted for the executive as they advertise on their site a larger bathroom and somewhat larger studios. It really felt like living in London and what with the dollar against the pound, we saved money on making our own breakfast and occasional dinners in the mini kitchen alcove. We shopped at the Gloucester mall right at the tube stop, for all our groceries at Waitrose, a very complete grocery store stocked with fresh produce, meats, seafood, a nice wine selection and all the baked goods, prepared foods and other items one would expect in a major high end grocery store in the states. We frequented two pubs in the neighborhood The Hereford and Stanhope Arms, both on Gloucester Road, the later of which is a bus stop for the tour bus called Big Bus. It operates 7 days a week from 8:30 ish to 5 ish and a bus stops in front of the pub every 15 to 20 minutes. Cost: 20 pounds person but Aston's offers it for 17 pounds. One can hop on and off as frequently as desired as the ticket is good for the entire day. This bus gives one a good overview of London and the entire trip takes about 3 hours, round trip. Our favorite site was Westminster Abbey followed by The Churchill War Room and Museum, walking distance from one another. We also frequent Las Vegas and enjoy gaming so we were delighted to discover (after some online research) two casinos in the neighborhood. The Grosvenor Casino one block away, then one on Cromwell Road across from the Natural History Museum, next to Victoria and Albert Museum-all in walking distance. All this information can be found through your favorite search engine including amenities, attractions, restaurants etc. near each tube staion in London. One word of warning: there is no lift at Aston's 31 Rosary Garden address and we were in room 16, charming and private but 6 flights up. Secondly, we had a problem with Hotel Link, the airport transportation service Aston's reccommended. We waited 45 minutes for them at the airport then they never showed up for our return trip although we pre paid. Aston's graciously ordered a cab and picked up the expense. The tube goes right from Heathrow to Gloucester Road and with rolling luggage, the two minute walk should not be a problem. Enjoy and cheerio!	
Aug 17 2006	Super location...	We stayed in the Astons Apartments for a week in July 2006. This was the week that London had the hottest temperatures on record!!! So if you wish to stay at the Astons Apartments , stay away from the hot summer months because the apartments do not have any A/C (which is not uncommon in London) however, there was not even a fan. Aside from that, the apartment (a Deluxe Suite) was quite small (it looks bigger on the web site!)but functional. The shower was good, lots of hot water. It was clean and there is daily maid service. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The best thing about the Astons is its fantastic location in a lovely residential district in South Kensington - nice and quiet. You can walk to the subway station within 5 minutes and there is a good grocery store right beside the subway station. Only have one negative comment (besides the heat!!). We could not use the hot water faucet in the kitchen sink (it sprayed sideways); we told the staff about it twice, but it never did get fixed, so we had to wash our dishes in the bathroom. Advice to Astons: it would be nice if there was a lamp on the dining table, and fix that darn faucet!!!The Altmann's from Canada	
Aug 2 2006	Astons Apartments London - not up to expectations	We booked a standard double and paid 95 £ per night for 4-night stay. The room was adequate, though small by any standard. Maid service was very good. Cleanliness good. However, having a fitted carpet in a room where you (are supposed to be able to) cook is NOT a sensible choice.Cupboard space tiny, and not easily accessible (only one narrow door for a cupboard twice the width). The alarm clock did not work and mentioning this to staff did not get a follow-up.  I did not expect more of the kitchenette (which did contain all the basics, even a microwave) although I cannot imagine actually preparing even a basic meal, other than reheating something.I would not book there again, the main reason being the less than basic bathroom, more of a 1.2m/1.2 m cubicle, containing shower, toilet and wash basin. It was impossible to ventilate properly. Only solution : leave the door open ... In a caravan this would be acceptable but these are flats...I felt cheated for the price.( Review by mother and daugher - frequent London visitors )	
Jun 29 2006	Not worth the trouble and the money you pay...	I stayed here during one of my business trips.Firstly, the quoted price, and the price charged were different.Secondly, The accomopation ( it was said that the room I stayed in was a Studio Suite) was less than a standard room you would get in an average 4 star hotel. The room was old and tired, it desparately needed refubishment. There are no ACs so your garauteed to have sleepless nights in the summer time when the weather is hot. The rooms andthe kitchentte was not very clean...I found someone else's body hair in my sheets!!!!!If your going to stay around this area you can find hotels of much higher standards for the same price.	
Jun 22 2006	Great location	Astons is easy access from Heathrow by train and easy 5 mins walk, dragging the cases, from Gloucester Road station. The reception did not open until 8.00am which wasn't a problem for us but maybe a watchpoint for someone else.We had booked through British Airways and requested a non-smoking room. The terrace where our room was to be reeked of smoke. The standard room was small, dark and depressing. The bathroom and kitchenette little built ins to the room. We had expected small but this was horrible.We asked to see a better room and ended up paying an extra 10 pounds per night for a deluxe room. Well worth it. The room was at rear of the house, 3rd floor, overlooking gardens, private, very quiet and an adequate size. The bathroom was separate and a good size. The built in kitchenette had kettle. toaster, 2 plate burner, fridge, good sink but no microwave. Although Astons told us they do not provide non smoking rooms, after the initial experience I didn't smell any smoke. I understand the twin standard rooms are larger than the standard doubles and open to small balconies at front of the terraces. Worth checking out.From there on the stay was great. Fabulous location. Near to the station and a lovely area to stroll around in the evening. The rooms were well serviced but may be warm in high summer (fans provided). My husband is still raving about what a good supermarket/deli Waitrose is, a rare find in England. Great cafes and Pauls (near station) make excellent baguettes and cakes.We would recommend Astons but not their standard double rooms.	
Jun 1 2006	A great value	We found Astons Apartments a great value, but agree that realistic expectations are key. The room is small, but larger and better kept than several New York hotels we've stayed at. And if you plan to use the room for much more than sleeping and dressing, you need to take a closer look at Time Out London. The bathroom is a bit of a challenge, comparable to what you'd find in a tight ship's cabin. We appreciated the kitchenette: With it and several nearby supermarkets, you can compose a much better breakfast than anything you'd get from a European hotel in this price range. Location is great. Gloucester Road underground stop is three blocks away and provides easy connections to Heathrow and most London attractions and theater. Plenty of restaurants, shops and the like in the area.	
Mar 27 2006 	Realistic expectations are the key..	If you approach a booking here with a few points in your mind you'll have no problems. We booked a double deluxe suite for just 80 pounds - this is one of the prime tourist areas of the city and a price like that represents an incredible bargain for the quality of accommodation offered. I've paid more than twice the amount for a room less than half the size in a hotel just round the corner. What you will get for your money is essentially a moderate sized hotel room with a TV, a comfortable bed, a clean and acceptably sized but basic bathroom (ours looked just a bit tired, but you're not going to spend your life in there) and a useful kitchenette area behind foldaway doors. You won't get a whole hotel suite in the sense of numerous separate rooms - but for 80 pounds in central SW London that's hardly a sensible expectation. Reception was courteous and helpful - public areas clean and perfectly presentable. No noise problems. The area is quiet and safe and well supplied with pleasant bars and restaurants -transport links are excellent too. Useful extra services like airport shuttle, free internet access for two hours in the evening and a cheap laundry service are also available. There's no food at all, but numerous possibilities (including a 24 hr supermarket) are within three minutes' walk. A key deposit of 30 pounds is taken (this information was posted on the website through which we booked). If you want a room big enough for two people to watch TV in for 8 hours a day without getting in each other's way, then pay more money and go elsewhere. If you want a pleasant, clean and convenient base from which to do more exciting and worthwhile things before returning in the evening to sleep and maybe cook a meal (another big saving, remember) it's an absolute steal for the price. On that basis - very highly recommended.	
Mar 4 2006	Perfect spot	Astons was great! Yes the shower abuts the toilet and it gets slightly wet; yes the room was small, but I'm there as a tourist, to sightsee, not to spend the better part of my day in my room. It's in a great location. Tesco and Waitrose are only a few blocks away, so shopping for food was easy. The kitchen is basic, but it gets the job done! I highly recommend it. The room was quiet, even though it was right by the stairs. (please note, no elevator, but really not an issue). The staff/concierge were great as well. I'll go back if I can.	
Jan 6 2006	Small Room Horrible Bathroom But Great Location	I know European hotel rooms are often smaller than what Americans are used to, so I wasn't surprised by our cramped quarters at the Astons. However, the bathroom was so small that there wasn't even enough room to hang up towels; the ledge over the basin jutted out so far it was difficult to wash; the basin had two separate faucets for hot and cold water, which resulted in scalding if you held your hand over the hot water; and the shower, basin, and toilet were so close together that moving around was uncomfortable. The room came with utensils and a refrigerator, which were helpful given that London restaurant prices are so high we sometimes bought groceries and ate them in the room (note: a 24 hour grocery is nearby).Tne neighborhood is quiet and attractive, and best of all-as other reviewers have said--is the proximity to the Gloucester Road underground station, only two blocks away. However, given the bathroom problems, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Dec 29 2005	Great apartments!	We stayed at Astons Apartments for a couple of nights after Christmas and found it to be a terrific place to stay! There are so many choices in London, many of them of poor standards but we found that the rooms, although not huge, were the right size for two adults. The service at reception was friendly and helpful, the rooms were extremely clean (and the daily maid service was excellent).The location was excellent and the neighbourhood was quiet - I've never slept so well in London before!	
Dec 5 2005	Bathroom--small!	The best thing about the Astons is its great location (a short walk from Gloucester Road Tube stop in Kensington); and the accomodations are not terrible. The bathroom, however, was ridiculously, laughably small. The toilet was practically *in* the &quot;shower.&quot; (See pic.)	
Dec 2 2005	Astons apartments - a great London stay	I have stayed at Astons apartments, Rosary Gardens, London on 2 occasions. My husband and I stayed there in 2004 and I liked it so much, I returned in Sept. 2005 with a female friend for a week. The rooms are super clean, with a small kitchenette, with plates, tea kettle, etc. We stayed in a back room overlooking the garden - very quiet, and had a hugh bathroom by european standards. The area was great--3 blocks from Gloucester Rd. tube station, all sorts of good pubs in the area (try the Hereford Arms) and a Starbucks, and large grocery store just beside the tube station. South Kensington is a good area, just south of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. You may walk there if you're in good shape to walk. The staff at Astons were SUPERB! Very friendly and accomodating. Do stay at Astons the next time your go to London! The price is good, also. You won't regret it.	
Oct 31 2005	Wretched	Rooms absolutely tiny, no elevator (and long staircases to drag your luggage up), bathroom facilities beyond basic, beds way past their prime. If you like bedsprings sticking in your back, a bathroom fan that makes more noise than a locomotive, no place to open your suitcase, having to ask several times for every basic request, then stay here. I'd recommend staying almost anyplace else, except for the great location.	
Oct 24 2005	Simply a jewel!	I stayed at Astons' for 4 nights during the summer. Bringing 2 kids with me to &quot;see the best of London&quot;, I found Astons a very pleasant place to stay, with a great location --just a 10 minute walk (even for young children) from the tube station; the museums and Hyde Park within walking distances, and convenient shops for food nearby. There is also an internet bar down the main road. I was pleasantly surprised that the apartment was in a very quiet neighbourhood, so we could actually have very quiet evenings and undisturbed nights. We are Chinese from Hong Kong, so staying 4 days in London meant that my kids missed all the homemade delicacies. The kitchenette in the room solved all the problems, with well-equipped sinks, pots and pans, crockery and utensils, plus a good sized fridge and microwave, stove -- you name it! What better things can you expect when you are thousands of miles away from home! To make it even better, the dirty pans and dishes were all cleaned up during the daily service!! Considering it was in central London, the room price was moderate, and the room size was OK for 1 adult + 2 kids. Any extra person would make the room feel crowded. The bathroom,however, was bigger than I expected and fitted with modern fixtures, but no tub in our room. I was satisfied with the cleanliness and the service of the room, even the hallway and stairs were clean and brightly decorated, though not on a luxurious scale. The staff were friendly enough though not much could be expected for sightseeing guidance. There was no air-conditioning in the room but the summer nights were cool enough. There was no elevator so it would be quite demanding if you have lots of heavy baggage. This apartment-hotel is highly recommended for family vacations, especially if you are thinking of cooking your own meals, which also helps with the budget. I would stay there again next time I visit London.	
Oct 9 2005	Think small; think miniature	I asked the young fellow who checked me in, “Why do you call them apartments and not flats?”He said, “Because they’re smaller than flats.”Truer words were never spoken.My single studio room was #45 in Building 39. It was a very small, narrow room with a high ceiling. I had to reach it by stairs, as there was no lift. It took me a good day to adjust to the tightness of the quarters and to shake the P.O.W. feeling it gave me. The bed was twin size. The closet was twelve inches wide-----yes, inches. There was a small rotating fan on the floor. The balcony appeared to be openly shared by two other apartments. I was mindful of keeping my balcony doors locked.There was a kitchen sink, a stove top, refrigerator, toaster, and microwave oven all in a compact area in my room. I liked brewing my own tea in the morning and having a tray of ice cubes handy in the refrigerator.I couldn’t imagine bringing bags of groceries into such a small space and preparing full meals.I asked for a wake-up call. It never came. I asked for an iron and an ironing board. They never came.There was an alarm clock/radio in the room, but no place to plug it in unless I unplugged the television (which I did).The bathroom was very tiny. It was impossible to shave or wash my face over the little dollhouse sink without spilling water on the floor and soaking the bathroom tissue. Water pressure in the shower was okay. The water turned cold in the middle of my first shower. The office sent up a maintenance man who immediately fixed the problem. I had hot water for the remainder of my stay.One bath towel per day was provided. If you use hand towels or face cloths, bring your own.Best not to lose that room key. You’ll need it to re-enter the building and the office closes at 9:00.Rosary Gardens was a very quiet street. The Gloucester Road tube station was an easy walk away. I walked to the Victoria &amp; Albert museum from Astons.Although it was clean, my room was small to the point of being too small. Impractical, really. My rate was £65 per night + VAT. Total charge for my 3 nights was $416.59 USD. My advice: before booking into Astons look at the Priceline and the Bidding for Travel websites. You might be able to book hotel accommodations that are more liveable and perhaps even at a lower rate than what you’ll pay at Astons.I exchanged currency at Thomas Exchange Global on Victoria Street. The rate was 55 GBP for 100 USD, with no commission fees. People were queued up on the street waiting to get in there.	
Sep 5 2005	Great Choice	We stayed for two nights with four people. The apartment (#1) had two twin beds, a sleep sofa and a pull out single. With all the beds out, it was a little cramped, but fine. The bathroom was large and modern. The kitchen was useful, too with a good microwave and ample fridge. Everything was quite clean. Best of all, unit #1 had its own entrance from the street. The staff was very friendly and helpful, allowing us to check in at 11am. The neighborhood is wonderful, the street was VERY quiet, and a short stroll from the Glocester Road tube stop. Two grocery stores nearby and numerous shops with coffee and sandwiches for breakfast. Highly recommended!	
Jul 28 2005	Perfect location	My husband, 18 month old daugher and I recently spent five days in London at the Astons Apartments. The room was very small by North American standards but really has all the amenities you need. Our kitchenette was perfect for storing fruit, breakfast and lunch supplies and the bathroom was compact but functionable. The main reason we would stay here again is its location. The apartments are quiet on their residential road but its just a short walk and you are on a busy roadway with cafes, pubs, grocery stores and the Glouchester Road tube station. It was perfect for us!	
Jun 30 2005	Cute but Small	Our stay at Astons Apartments was nice. The bathroom was tiny, with a sink that was all but impossible to wash my face in without drenching the floor, however, the shower worked well with plenty of hot water. The rooms are very small, and there are not any dressers to store your clothes. Basic rooms, but nice views of the gardens. The 'kitchen' had everthing you needed, but was also tiny. The staff was helpful and the location was a quiet street, 3 blocks from the tube. A great restaurant nearby is 'BALANS'. We also stayed at the K &amp; K George Hotel in Earl's Court a short distance away, which was larger, cleaner and included a very nice breakfast with the cost of the room.	
Jun 23 2005 	Astons: Pleasant Quiet Plain	We stayed in a standard double. Small, but not as small as we feared. Submarine-style bathroom was fine by us. Very quiet residential street was a big plus. Nearby tube, restaurants, shopping. Experimental wireless access in main building only-- 5 pounds for entire stay, regardless of length of time. Free access to internet via management's computers during business hours. Helpful, young staff. Only noise problem due to convoluted architecture-- we literally could reach out of our window and touch the windowsills of two other apartments. The noise was not bad in our case (Aston's seems to attract a fairly quiet set of people) but you will be at the mercy of your neighbors, especially if it is warm and you have to leave the windows open for air. No A/C and no cross-ventilation, but small fans provided. Overall, we were pleased and would stay there again.	
May 14 2005	Perfect for Two	My son and I spent eight nights at the Astons in April 2005, and for us it was perfect. Whether other travellers will give it a high rating will depend on what your priorities are for your stay in London. Our four priorities were:1. Accomodations with a kitchenette. 2. Location in a convenient, centrally-located, pleasant, residential neighborhood3. Reasonable price4. Clean, well maintainedI have always found that having even a modest kitchen facility is a good idea when I travel with children. There's convenience and economy. We like to get an early start, and being able to make eggs, toast, coffee and have a glass of juice quickly does save time. Being able to have a snack at &quot;home&quot; is also a plus. Restaurant prices in London will quickly give you sticker shock. A coffee is typically about $2.50. Simple sandwiches at the many sandwich shops run about $8. Entrees at restaurants, even the more modest ethnic restaurants, pubs, and fish &amp; chips places start at about $16. Buying stuff at the local supermarket made life a lot simpler, in addition to substantial savingsSo, it was nice on occasion to just have a pizza (get a take-out from the pizza restaurant in the arcade adjacent to the Gloucester Road tube or take-out Chinese (there's a good place right outside the South Kensington tube on Thurloe St. or just a good old-fashioned store bought chicken in the room after a long day of sightseeing. Food prices tend to be pretty much as in the States. There's a great, fairly large supermarket in the arcade which will be your regular starting point. A great selection of fresh cheeses, cold cuts, prepared foods and all the rest. About a 10 minute walk west on Cromwell Road as you exit the tube is an even larger Sainsbury supermarket.The kitchenette at Astons is well equipped, better than average, basically a wall section with an electric range, small refrigerator, microwave and supply of glasses, dishes, pots, silverware, other cooking utensils and a cutting board. Two pluses were a toaster and and a French-press for coffee. Dishes were cleaned every day by the housekeeper. There are cleaning supplies if needed. The location for Astons is easily one its best assets on many counts. It's five minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube, which has two major tube lines. It's never very crowded, and, in contrast to many other stations, the different lines are close together. A travel tip --If your're going to be in London for at least four weekdays, definitely get a 7-day Zone 1-2 travel card for both adults and children (bring a small passport size picture need for ID for children).A couple of things to note. If you're planning on taking the tube from Heathrow (an only slightly longer ride than the far more expensive express train, which is actually less convenient for Astons), buy a one day Zone 1-6 card, and get your 7-day card the next day. Also, children ride free on weekend, but they do need to physically have a travel card, even though it's free. A reason reason I chose Astons is that I knew from past travel that South Kensington is one of the nicest neighborhoods in London -- quiet, quaint, residential, which we definitely appreciated after the noise and activity of the sights in Central London.There's a couple of local pubs (you'll pass Hereford Arms (perfect for dinner) and Stanhope Arms on Gloucester Road, near both tube and bus connections (travel cards are for buses also). You're about 10-15 minutes from the Natural History, Science and Victoria &amp; Albert Museums, Harrods and Hyde Park. Also about 10 minutes from Fulham Road, in the other direction, a good place to wander, lots of interested shops, a multitude of ethnic restaurants.Sticker shock will also hit you when you search for places to stay. There are several apartments in S.Ken but they're either much more expensive or cheaper, but far less in other amenities. We did a bit of online searching once we settled on Astons, and found a rate of 76 pounds/night for our 2 single bed studio at londontown.com. Since Astons has a toll-free number that puts you in touch directly with the apartments, we contacted them directly with that price and booked the room. It was nice to be able to talk to someone directly at no cost. When figuring our room rates, remember there's a 17.5% tax added on. Our final bill was about $175/night which met our budget of under $200, not an easy task in London, particularly in a nice area.From the outside, Astons looks similar to all the other row houses on the block. Inside on the entrance floor is the reception office and a small foyer. The office will let you use their internet connection evenings from 6-9pm, which was helpful for booking plans while we were in town. Depending on who's on duty, you can also sometimes use the internet in the morning to check out the weather (basically a useless exercise since the weather is highly changeable from one hour to the next). Our room was 8B, three flights up, facing a garden. Everyone thing is clean and well cared for. The room and bathroom was cleaned daily, beds made, new towels given, dishes washed -- all things we assume but don't always get.Those are the positives, which were important for us. There are, however, a few things that may be an issue for others. The first is that, as others have reported, the rooms are definitely small -- basically just large enough for two beds next to each other, night tables, an eating table with chairs and a tv, that gets only the five basic London &quot;free&quot; channels.For those who need more room to move around (that wasn't one of our concerns since we spent very little non-sleeping time in the room), that might be a problem. There are no bureaus, so our stuff went in either the closet or stayed in suitcases. The bathroom wasn't quite as small as others have suggested, but it was a bit tight and there was no vanity, so toiletries were left at the sink. The shower, also no spacious, but sufficient, worked well (although we did have a problem with hot water the first day.) There's a phone in the room, but you're probably better off giving friends/family the 800 number into the office and letting them connect to your room free of charge (the office does close at 9pm, 4pm NY time).Don't expect any help from the office staff on tourist options -- they were friendly and helpful with room matters, but weren't too knowledgeable about London stuff. So there you have it. For us a great experience. Since we covered London and surrounding with great detail, I'd be happy to share our experiences. Since Trip Advisor was a great help to us, I'm happy to reciprocate.	
Jan 12 2005	friendly and warm welcome	We arrived to a friendly welcome, unfortunatly our room wasnt ready but we didnt have long to wait . The standard double room is small and an upgrade would be advisable but it does do if you are planning going out for most of your time in London. The area is very clean and tidy and very quite. There are plenty of local shops including a Tesco's if you fancy making yourself a morning bacon sandwich!! There are two or three local pubs about 2 mins walking distance, prices quite reasonable. If you fancy eating out but dont feel like adventuring too far STAY AWAY from the Italians Cafe/Restuarant on the corner, you feel like an outcast and the food well you wouldnt feed it to your worst emery it is a complete rip off stay well away. The nearest station is Gloucester Road and is central for most places. If you fancy a site seeing tour The Big London Bus is the one to use, excellent value, friendly staff and well worth seeing everything.Overall 10/10 for the location, apartments and sites. If your looking for value for money, local amenitites and a quiet area, I would definatly recommend Astons	
Oct 4 2004	Loved the Astons Apartments	The Astons Apartments are serviced apartments (i.e. maid service) located 5 minutes just west and north of the Gloucester Road Tube Station. The rooms are small - Remember this is LONDON - all hotel rooms are small, unless you want to pay ££££ per night! The hotel has several buildings on a street of Georgian Row houses. We stayed for four nights in early September (fewer tourists) in building 29, room 28 on the third floor. The room was at the back of the house with a view of the back yard and the backyards of the buildings on the next street. The reception closes at 9:30 p.m. (21h30), and the front desk staff were young and very helpful. There is no internet access here. We booked over the internet with Central London Apartments (www.central-london-apartments.com). The hotel can provide you with a taxi at a fixed-rate to Heathrow Airport, Paddington Station or Waterloo Station (it was £16.00 between Astons Apartments and Waterloo Station). I am sure that this works from the stations and airports to the hotel as well - just ask!!!Our Double Studio (two persons, one double bed) had a bed with a firm mattress, soft sheets and ample pillows. The room also had a hob (this is a stove top with two elements), a small fridge, a sink, a toaster, a kettle and a microwave - as well as all of the necessary cutlery, plates, glasses and utensils (can and bottle openers!!!). With groceries purchased from Waitrose, we spent less on food and had decent meals in our room. We paid £95.18 a night.There was a table with two chairs and a phone (each room has its' own phone number so people can call you directly!! - no charge for incoming calls) and television. The bathroom had a shower (picture an airplane bathroom!), and was built-in to the wall. The place is great for adventurous types. If you are tall or wide, or aren't the adventurous type - stay somewhere else! The room was not air-conditioned, but the large window opened, and it was sufficiently cool at night for sleeping.This is a very safe neighbourhood day or night, with foot patrols by local police. There is a Waitrose grocery store located just beside the Gloucester Road Tube Station (buy your bottled water here - it's 59p as opposed to paying £1.50 at the Tube Station). There are fresh and prepared foods for reasonable prices. Note: a Tesco Metro (groceries) will be opening soon directly across from the Tube Station. There is a good cafe (open late) for coffee and sweet snacks. The neighbourhood has restaurants and small shops, a great pub, a coin laundry (££££!!!) and a drycleaner, as well as two cash points (bank machines). It is fun to look in the windows of the local real estate offices which have listings of local properties for sale - not that one could afford anything in this area!!We had a great time - and for London, this is a reasonable price to pay for a great little hotel!	
Jul 16 2004	Clean and centrally located -	I recently spent 3 days at the Astons Hotel in July '2004. After reading many reviews on hotels I thought this one had the best to offer for the value (59 pounds or $108 a night). I found the room to be quite small but very clean and was perfect if you are traveling alone. I had the standard room and it was good for a single, but for two people you will want the upgrade to a standard suite, ($50 more). The only problem with the room was that the small standard bed was rather uncomfortable. The 3 flights of stairs was good exercise and didn't bother me at all. Best of all the hotel is right in the heart of London, walking distance of Hyde Park and 2 blocks from the underground. Pubs and store galore in nearby Kennsingon. I would go back there again in a heart beat.	
May 11 2004	Decent Accommodations	We booked here for a recent trip because the rates were good (76 pounds/night) and the location sounded great. The location is not a bad walk (about 5 min) to a Tube station and close to several fine restaurants. But our first room was a closet. The room was barely big enough for the double bed and the bathroom was miniscule (it really is like an airplane bathroom). The sink was so small that you couldn't wash your face in it without dismantling the shelf that hung over it. We upgraded to an executive suite (for another 15 pounds/night) which was a four-floor walkup but had a modern bathroom and shower at least. The room was relatively clean and they changed the sheets and towels daily, though they didn't add more tea or coffee in the kitchenette. (The staff was very nice and probably would have given us more if we had asked, but it was more fun to go shopping for our own.) Unless you're used to staying in hostels, don't even bother with a base model room here. Go straight to the executive rooms and then head down the street to the Hereford Arms pub for a pint.	
May 1 2004	Too tiny!	I was visiting friends in London and wanted to stay for a week in a serviced apartment. When I arrived, I was told that a deposit would be required (which I wasn't told about when I made the booking nor was it mentioned in their website!). I was truly shocked by the tiny size of the room which therefore made the toilet/bathroom the size of a broom cupboard! If you were taking a shower, you would more than likely hit the toilet seat..... The sink was tinier than those you see in aeroplanes. Despite the high price of nearly £100 (USD 178) per night, furnishings were basic and some things were not working e.g. light in the room had fused, amongst other things. Don't bother to come here if you have luggage. In fact, just don't bother and go check into a hotel where you will at least get some decent facilities for the price.	
Apr 30 2004	Good location Nice Staff		
Apr 26 2004	Astons is in a great location		
Mar 26 2004	Nice facilities - Terrible management		
Jan 25 2004	Cranky staff		
Nov 15 2003	Loved the location		
Jul 24 2003	Pleasant stay		
Jun 9 2003	I Second the Previous Review		
Apr 11 2003	Home Away From Home!		
Aug 9 2002	Best buy in London!!		
Jul 20 2002	Aston's best place to stay in Kensington		
Nov 1 2009 	Très bon hotel pour Londres		
Aug 20 2009 	te sientes como si siempre hubieras vivido en el barrio		
Feb 26 2009 	Ottima posizione tutto il resto da rivedere		
Apr 20 2008	hôtel agréable		
May 7 2007	Bien situado pero el baño mas pequeño que el de un avion		
