Sep 26 2009 	Exfellent quality - surprisingly so	I'd pretty much ignored the ads, and pretty much decided that price must indicate quality. A visit however coincided with an offer, so we thought &quot;why not?&quot; The location was relatively close to various public transport options, as well as having parking. We arrived and were dealt with by a friendly and very helpful receptionist. The room we got was very clean, very new and very comfortable, with en suite. There was a snack machine at reception for nibbles after we got back in that night, and we decided to take the breakfast on site the next morning. The food was good (and as much as we wanted), and the preparation and serving staff were very good humoured and helpful to a fault. We'de go back to this chain, as it has proven to be much better than others such as the Hilton chain. We stayed at a Malmaison later in our visit (more than twice as expensive), and still the Premier Inn comes out top.	
Mar 29 2009 	Liked a lot	Recently re- furbished so rooms in very good condition. Staff very friendly and helpful.Downside the pub next door does not belong to the chain of premier and is not great. Though this is nothing to fault the hotel on.	
Sep 2 2008	great value	We had a great stay here for 2 nites, en route visiting family. we had a room with a sofa bed which the 2 kids used. The double bed was comfy, the room was clean, and the stay was generally very pleasant. the free continental breakfast was excellent. Cereals, breads, croissants, coffee etc, juices, yougurts and fruits. Can't ask any more of a free breakky. You can even take it to your room if you prefer. Recommend it for a couple of nites.	
Jul 20 2008 	Maybe avoid a Saturday night if you want any sleep?	We spent last night in this Holiday Inn and I'm falling asleep as I type as we didn't get to sleep until about 4am!We did have one of the rooms overlooking the car park but the noise problems were all internal.A group of people came into the room next door around midnight and chatted until about 1.30pm - they weren't talking particularly loudly but we could hear every word because of the poor insulation. So no sleep to be had until the friends left for their own rooms. At 3ish another group came in screaming and laughing and woke us up with a start, then a baby was crying somewhere.We've used several of this style of hotel over the years and they're all of a similar standard and serve a purpose. Except this one is showing its age and is below par. Our extractor didn't work in the bathroom which made the bedroom really hot and steamy after the shower and we had to open the main door to cool the room. But the hall was literally covered in 'shake and vac' in the morning which stuck in your throat. Brekky is in the lobby (not the pub as usual) but there aren't enough tables so we had to line up behind others who were waiting, then sit at tables and wait for them to be cleared before being able to get our food. The room was also way too hot - not the weather and maybe build up because of the lack of a fan?Reading other reviews, it doesn't sound like the same place. Looks as if the main problem may be Saturday night - too busy, too many party people? But not a lot of sleep to be had which made the next day miserable. Also the walls are much thinner than usual at these places and there aren't the usual courtesy notices about being quiet after 11 that you usually see in the Travel Lodge etc (we did put this in the Feedback leaflet). The people on the desk certainly didn't do anything about the people shouting around in the corridores either. Beware!	
Jun 28 2008 	Good budget option	Stayed 6 nights with my family here mid-June. Obtained a discount for the weekend period (30 pounds off) by haggling a bit with the online booking service. Told by the front desk to mention the word &quot;Leisure&quot; it seemed to be a code word for this discount. A pleasurable experience well documented too by the previous reviewer. Points to highlight are indeed the plentiful breakfast and the quiet (if you go car park side) locaton. The pub next door has a Toby Carvery but I found it all a bit cramped and the service rather slow. Not much else in terms of eateries nearby however. Nearby Buckhurst Hill station has a ticket office which stays closed more often than open and an OYSTER card is a must. The electronic key system at the hotel failed once per day and I had to ask for a new one every day but no hassle with that. Rooms are clean and cleaned well. TV channels were very limited and nothing for children.	
May 13 2008 	Less expensive hotel in London's suburbs	I needed to be in London, UK, for about ten days, and was shocked by London area hotel prices (basically similar to comparable US hotel prices except that they're in pounds instead of dollars, making them about double). We also preferred a suburban location, as we only needed to go into central London once or twice in that period and like quieter, more rural properties when possible, so I was happy to find an &quot;Express by Holiday Inn&quot;, as they're called in the UK, near Epping Forest, but close enough to reasonably travel into town and reach other suburban locations.The hotel is much more in the &quot;budget&quot; category than I'd class most Holiday Inn Expresses in the US. Our room was pleasant and modern, but economizing was reflected in furnishings which included no closed storage; no closet and neither doors nor drawers, just open shelves and cubbies. However, the furnishings, including mattresses, and equipment, were to a good standard. The smallish bathroom had a reasonably roomy stall shower, but no bathtub. The standard allocation of towels was one hand towel and one bath towel per guest, no wash cloths supplied. (Disposable paper-fiber face cloths are supplied.) No toiletries are normally supplied except for liquid soap dispensers next to the sink and in the shower. Some clever design features, though, made the bathroom fine, except for travellers who require a tub, and the plumbing fixtures were well above average.In-room tea and coffee making facilities are limited to UHT milks, powdered coffee, tea bags, and an electric kettle, but the coffee making facilities in the breakfast bar are available most of the time. The included &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was good, much better than average, including a choice of juices, an excellent selection of cold cereals, fruit, (fresh and in bowls in a small refrigerator, which also contained a variety of yogurts, individually packed cheeses and cream cheese,) a very nice variety of rolls, breads and bagels, two large toasters, butter, margarine, jams and other spreads, a variety of sweet breakfast pastries, and a wide range of teas and coffees. All the above were in good supply and the breakfast bar was replenished and neatened constantly by an attendant. Breakfast was served until 9:30 weekdays and 10:30 weekends, guests often continued breakfast until after the scheduled times, and no one was rushed away. Even when the breakfast bar was crowded with folks using the conference facilities, getting breakfast and finding seats was never a real problem.Internet access (wireless), like many UK hotels, was available, but expensive at GBP10 per day. (Also available for a 1/2 hour for GBP 3.50 or an hour at GBP 4.50.) Telephone calls, again as tends to be common in the UK , are expensive. Incoming calls can be problematic; when there is only one person on the desk the hotel's phones may go unanswered, and there is no way to dial directly to a guest room from outside. There is no voicemail system for guests.Unlike many properties only slightly closer to Central London, this property offers free parking, and there were always plenty of spaces.The hotel is a moderate walk to the Buckhurst Hill Underground station, and the train ride into London on the Central line took us just over a half hour each way. By car the motel is very close to the A406 North Circular (orbital) Road and a reasonable drive to the M25 motorway. Part of Epping Forest is very a short walk and we enjoyed watching a Grey Heron fishing and Moorhens tending their nest and chicks, just a very short walk from the hotel. Further, but still a short drive, are beautiful areas of the forest and its veteran trees.A major lack in this property is air conditioning except for reception and the breakfast area; guest rooms could become unacceptably hot in warmer weather. While we were there, temperatures were warm (up to 27C), but it cooled off in the evenings so that sleeping was not a problem, but in summer, we would not be happy guests! Add to this problem noise from equipment next door which could make keeping the window open; I would recommend asking for an odd numbered room; these face the parking lot and away from the noise.Weighing pros and cons, we would consider staying at this property again, but not in summer or if hot temperature were expected.	
Sep 4 2007	Good value	I have stayed here frequently over the past 2-3 years, its handy if you are driving and want to stay overnight outside central London. Just 10mins off M25.Usual standard of rooms, continental breakfast. No bar.Toby Carvery next door, average. Buckhurst Tandoori 10-15mins walk which is pretty good.Not sure about access for Trains etc, I've always had car.	
Jun 16 2007 	Good values	Great value Holiday Inn Express, no bar but take away menus available and a pub next door.Not far from nearby woodland so nice, semi rural feel to area. Good restaurants within 3 miles.Took 20 minutes to get to the North circular during rush hour in the morning.	
