	Practical and trustworthy accomodation for a good price-quality ratio	What are your expectations? If they are practicality, hygiene, a not exuberant price, and overall no burdens during a short tourist stay where you will be out all day traveling around London, then you can easily place your trust in this fine hotel.My expectations beforehand were on the lower side, as I read some scary reviews about many hotels in London. But this is a complete, clean, modern hotel that I would award quite a few stars. Its location is also pretty ok (buy a TravelCard for the underground).My room, which was at the backside (at the station side) on the ground floor, was a larger room with 3 beds while I only needed one, a friendly gesture. Let's get that underground-noise myth out of the way: you can hear it (if you want to), but don't worry about it. I'd choose the backside over any hotel alongside a road with normal traffic any day.Now that you've decided you want to stay at this hotel, let's get some facts straight. These are details however! Things well-prepared travelers coming here should know, hardly points of criticism:- If you didn't know already, the rooms are long and small. Then again very comfortable. As it's only for a week you will only remember the latter afterwards. By the way, I assume this is the same for any of the hotels at Earls Court due to the type of houses.- The beds are about 1.80m long but there is no board at your feet. The &quot;double&quot; bed I had was a 1.5x bed. The third bed is more like a luxurious field bed for a child. Still, I can see this as practical, besides I was alone and ordered a single bed room. Oh and I am 1.95m and slept very well.- The bathroom is white, small, and one-piece but high-quality. This is actually an advantage because you can be sure it is clean and you don't have to worry about making a mess. Just get in and shower.- There are no continental European power plugs, except for a razor in the bathroom. Adapters are available at the reception but quickly run out. If you have one already, bring it yourself. If you have to buy one then don't.- There is no ethernet cable in the room by default. Get one from the reception, but again there are not as many cables as there are rooms. Most people can probably bring one themselves, you should do so. Ethernet cat5e cabled fast internet with DHCP. Another tip: instead of bringing a heavy laptop you worry about, why not bring a smartphone and a small WiFi router?- You can drop your bag at the reception for free. At St. Pancras station this costs you somewhat 8€.Friendly and humane service that you can rely on. No catches. Lots of staff around. Quiet. Breakfast is certainly above standards, also with service. There always was room at breakfast, at about any hour. Yet the hotel was full at the end of the week.Personally I think hotel prices in London are high, but this is the best price-quality ratio I could find, and after my trip that belief has only been reinforced.All my preoccupations were cleared from day 1, and from start I enjoyed the many bonuses I didn't expect. You can believe the other good critiques below. My rating: excellent and well-deserved.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good value great location small room great service	I stayed at this hotel for two nights at the end of November 2009.Having read many reviews on tripadvisor, I knew what expected me. My single room (no. 302) was small indeed, but sufficient for the little time I spent in the room. The bed was comfortable and reasonably wide, the flat screen TV on the wall a nice gimmick. Unfortunately my room was facing Earl's Court underground station so there was some train noise in the mornings and evenings but if you're not a very light sleeper and keep the window closed (no problem due to AC), you will be fine. Bathroom is more of a cubicle and quite cramped for taller people.Service was great, with friendly and helpful reception staff and quick and attentive breakfast room staff. Breakfast room is indeed very small, holds maybe 25 people but I was lucky on both mornings and got a seat right away. Due to the limited room there is no buffet but breakfast will be brought to your table. You get toast and a croissant, a choice of ham, salami and cheese, butter and jam, and a joghurt. Worked for me, nothing fancy, but tasted well and fills you up.Wired internet was available, and I was given a (way too short) LAN cable at the reception. Connection and speed was good. For some reason my wall socket adaptor would not work, but reception had a spare one for me.Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Trebovir and can recommend it.	
Nov 17 2009 	nice and good value for money	I appreciated the friendliness of the staff and the really good location, close to the subway. The closeness to the subway also led to the fact, that you could hear trains arriving and leaving from the station through the window, but as that doesn't happen in the night and in the morning we left to do sightseeing and stuff, I didn't see it as a disadvantage. The neighbourhood is also nice, clean and safe, shops and pubs nearby, couldn't complain about that. Of course rooms are small, the bathroom was very small, but I think that's not so unusual for London, and it was definitely ok for a few days of sightseeing. I would go there again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location. secure 	As a thrifty solo traveler in London for the first time, I must say the Trebovir suited me perfectly during my recent 6 day visit. All I really needed was a safe and clean place to sleep and shower. The Trebovir provided that and more for about 65 pounds per night.The Trebovir is around the corner (150 meters) from the Earls Court tube station, which has direct service to the Heathrow terminals on the Piccadilly line. Would you rather spend $2 on the tube or $100 for a cab? The proximity to the tube is a huge plus which puts all the historical sights and museums only minutes away from your room at the Trebovir.The room is small but adequate and fairly clean. The 16 inch wide shower compartment requires some getting used to. see photo. The heat &amp; TV worked well. Didn't use the phone or require internet. Leaving the room key at the front desk when I came and went seemed odd at first, but it definitely made the hotel more secure.The breakfast was mostly as promised, but I never saw any sign of the fruit or pastries. Corn flakes, yogurt, toast, cheese and mystery ham &amp; salami, coffee or tea &amp; OJ. I found it helped energize me for days of walking in museums and galleries. If you require eggs Benedict or tofu omelets, you won't get it here. Basic morning nourishment here.All in all, the Trebovir provides very good value for the modest cost by London standards.	
Nov 4 2009 	great location good value friendly staff tiny bathroom	I think the title covers it. would stay here again. not sure how the other rooms looked but mine wouldn't be suitable for a romantic getaway.	
Oct 28 2009 	Comfort convenience and value for money	This hotel has been fully renovated and is a great place to stay. The day manager was exceptionally friendly and helpful. My stay at the hotel was broken by some time in Paris On my return I was welcomed back like an old friend. It was my first trip to London and he was always very happy to give me really useful advice in relation to getting to various destinations in and out of London.It is so close to the tube station that getting around London was quick and easy. Make sure you get an Oyster card at Heathrow if you are coming to London by air and hop onto the tube which will take you straight to your hotel which is just around the corner. Couldn't be easier.On Earls Court road (just around the corner) there are plenty of shops, a laundry, post office, grocery shops, restaurants, fast food and takeaways - everything you need.The room I had for the first part of my stay was on the first floor and overlooked the Earls Court tube station. I did not find that a problem. The noise of the trains was no more than a low rumble occasionally. I certainly didn't find it disturbing or lose any sleep. When I returned from Paris I was allocated a ground floor room facing the street which was a little more noisy with the sound of people talking as they passed the building.The only thing I would criticise would be the breakfast. Stick to the toast, cereal, juice and coffee. Give the croissant, ham and cheese a miss - it is served on a plate that is straight from the fridge and the croissant is stale and cold.For some people the bathroom may prove a challenge because of the size. It was fine for me (I am on five foot) but I think taller people may find it a bit cramped.If I am in London again the Trebovir will be my hotel of choice.	
Oct 22 2009 	Small rooms but refurbished 	next to Earl's Court Metro station this hotel is average rated due to the very small rooms and mini.sized plasticmade bathroom. The breakfast room is even smaller while crowded with other guests... Summary: good for sleeping, the rest of the time is for discovering London...! :-)	
Oct 12 2009	Don't stay here.	Picked this hotel because of good reviews of trip advisor and price. Was extremely disappointed and would not stay there again.I knew the rooms were small, but it was ridiculously small - no place for my daughter and I to put our suitcases - we had to climb over them to get into bed. The bathroom is smaller than you find on a cruise ship - a molded plastic &quot;drop in&quot; one piece unit including sink, shower and toilet..My light bulb over my bed and on the wall were burnt out - I never got them replaced even with daily requests. It was a special kind of bulb and no one wanted to be bothered to go to the store to get it. Breakfast was such a joke - pitiful. No fruit to be seen. A few slices of cheap ham and cheese on a plate. Coffee. White bread.The rooms were attractive, but on second glance, the furniture was very beat up. The towels were literally like rags - the thinnest, cheapest you could find. My floor rags would have dried me off better after a shower than these &quot;towels&quot;.Security was non-existant - the front door was wide open most of the time. You could not make a phone call out of the room - the phones only operated inside the hotel. This made it quite difficult to reconfirm our departing flight.Finally, I left a book and cellphone at the front desk when we left for a London friend to pick up - she came the next day and they had been &quot;thrown out&quot; or couldn't be found.The only plus I have for this hotel is that it is near Earls Court tube - but there were a number of other hotels on our street that I wish I knew about and could have stayed at.	
Oct 12 2009 	good value for money	great location (tube station is round the corner); really small, but clean rooms (except towels which were changed every day, but smelled weird); breakfast is a little poor, but oknice stay, anyway, would recommend it definitely	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent hotel in a very convenient location.	We booked this hotel very late in the day and were looking for something that offered decent quality at palletable price.The Trubovir didn't dissapoint.The hotel is located within a 2 minute walk from Earls court tube station. Which makes it a great place to set up base if you are looking to tube-hop around London which was out intention.We arrived at around 10pm so the short walk from the tube ensure that finding the place was hassel free. We were greeted by a friendly member of staff at reception.The rooms in this hotel aren't massive by any stretch of the imagination but I would hazard a guess that they they are no different from the other hotels in this area that are converted town houses. Our double room was tight on space but it was pleasan and very clean with a decent standard of decor. The bathroom is small but modern and the shower is pretty decent as well.Our room was located at the rear of the hotel and you do get low level tube train noise from Earls cour station if you leave the window open but this did not prevent us from getting a good nights sleep. The bed was comfortable and had a flat screen TV although the Signal to it could do with improving.The breakfast wasn't great but the room was cheaper than the local premier inn which charges around £8 per person per day for a breakfast so when put in to context it was a bonus, there is a Macdonalds on the corner of the street so if you are left un-fulfilled by toast, marmalade, yogurts, cerials, croissants Juice and a pot of tea or coffee then you can always take a short walk and have a bagel.All in all a very pleasant and hassel free stay and I would have no qualms about recommending the Trebovir to friends and family.In summary, a pleasant hotelwith friendly staff and the location is a great bonus if you are wanting to explore London.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice but Problematic	So I had both good and bad experiences with this hotel. First, I'm going to list the reasons that I booked this hotel as opposed to the hundreds of others for my first trip to London. 1) I chose this hotel primarily because it's in Earl's Court, which is a lovely, safe and extremely convenient area. It's around the corner from 2 major tube stations (District and Piccadilly lines), so getting around the city was a breeze. Extra Bonus: it's not that far from Heathrow by the tube. 2) Free breakfast (or at least it's built into the price of the room at least). 3) Free WiFi/Wireless Internet in your room--this was huge. Most places in the price ranges I was looking at either had no access, or it was an extra 12-15GBP a day. 4) Clean (no reports of bedbugs or mold in the approximately 80 reviews I read). 5) It looked like the place has character, inside and outside (I found several chain hotels that are well priced, but I figured we're in London, who wants to stay in a Holiday Inn Express?). The minor reasons why I booked: air-conditioning (I don't know what to expect from London in terms of muggyness). Soundproofed rooms. Bathrooms located in the room, even though they are tiny, it worked. It's rated 3.8 out of 5 stars on Orbitz, and an 8.4 on easytobook.com, and 4 out of 5 circles on TripAdvisor--so I was extremely confident that my friend and I were going to be happy there.So here's the bad stuff: 1) No internet access in the rooms at ALL. There was promise of WiFi, and there were ethernet ports in the room, but there was no way to connect. The only internet available was free WiFi in the basement breakfast room. Which leads me to 2) breakfast: it was a joke!!! Two slices of (cold) ham (like lunch meat ham) and a slice of cheese. Nothing was cooked, and that was supposed to pass for breakfast?? No cereal. My friend had to beg for yogurt!! 3) Booking for this place is very vague. I wanted 2 twin beds, since my friend and I were traveling together, so I looked at all the pictures available and tried my best to guess which kind of booking would give us that option since it was not clear (I chose double, because the twin rooms looked like there was only 1 twin bed in them). When we got there, everything was full, but they said they'd do their best to accommodate us the next day (which was nice). So, we get back around 11 p.m. and asked about it, and they said since we didn't zip up our luggage, they couldn't move us into a new room. Except: no one ever told us to zip up our luggage!!! Argh!So, I feel conflicted: most of the major reasons why I booked this hotel fell through (free internet in rooms and free breakfast), but the location really is superb--and the smallness of the rooms did not bother me since I basically was only in there to sleep anyway. However, on my next trip to London, I will not be staying at this hotel. I already bookmarked several hotels during the course of my research for this last trip, and I'd rather try out a new place than come back here.	
Sep 22 2009 	A jewel near Earl's Court	I stayed at Trebovir for 4 nights in September 2009 assisting at a convention.The location is perfect, within short walking distance of Earls Court tube station (easy connection to any place in London) and the exhibition centre, in a quiet neighborhood plenty of pubs, restaurants and fast food stores.The hotel is newly refurbished and in mint condition with a really friendly and helpful staff.Room:I had a single room with a balcony. Small but with comfortable bed, with a small table, a flat TV with lot of channels and a reasonable closet.Bathroom:Small but clean and complete.Breakfast:Included in rate, is basic with cheese, ham, salami, croissant, coffee, orange juice, toasts, yogurt and cereals.Internet:Free with cable connection. It worked fine.Rate: Absolutely affordable. Finally:It is a pleasant place to stay in London, for tourism or work, and I am sure I will stay at Trebovir next time I will be in London. But, I am not sure about recommending it if you are Size XXL.	
Sep 21 2009 	Inexpensive Convenient Friendly	I don't understand the negative reviews on this site. Partner and I stayed SEVEN NIGHTS in the hotel on TWO OCCASIONS in TWO DIFFERENT ROOMS and we had ZERO PROBLEMS.PROS:We dealt with Edwin, Arpet and Mark on the front desk, which was always manned professionally. Edwin took our reservation and there was no problem checking in. Mark is supervisor extraordinaire and took special interest in making sure our 1st time in London was a good one.The hotel is *extremely* conveniently located (40 min from Heathrow) on the same Underground line and a short (5 min?) walk that involves TWO turns upon reaching the Earl's Court exit. Earl's Court is in ZONE 1 (i.e. cheap) and is also a &quot;super station&quot; with several important lines converging = extra convenient and if you have to change stations you only have to do so ONCE. Typical travel time is approx 20 min to 40 min to everything interesting (Museums, Trafalgar, Picadilly, Tower, City). Absolutely no complaints.Broad choice of chain pubs, US fast food and other local restaurants within 5 min of front desk. absolutely no complaints.Room turned over fine and amenities OK. Most North Americans are going to find the rooms serviceable and the bathrooms laughable. Our first room featured a &quot;pod&quot; bathroom that had been retro-fitted into the room. It was like stepping into an airplane bathroom. Once you get used to the postage-stamp size of the think and figure out how the shower works, it's all OK (NOTE: As travelers in this cost echelon we do not care about the room in terms other than (1) cleanliness (2) safety and (3) quiet sleeping, which this hotel delivers on in spades).CONS The breakfast is simply awful - 1 slice cheese, 1 slice ham, 1 slice salami, 1 terrible croissant, terrible coffee, toast, yogurt...but once you understand that there are literally 20 better options within a 5 minute walk who cares about the breakfast! Go out to eat!We'll stay there again as the room rate of 78 pounds per night was unbeatable and the laughable breakfast is not a higher concern to us than cleanliness, security, quiet and helpful staff. This hotel delivers where it really matters.....now, if they'd only fix the breakfast......	
Sep 16 2009 	Tiny rooms bad customer service crap!	When I arrived at this hotel, me and my Guests were disappointed to find that our rooms were not available due some plumbing issue's apparently so they booked us into a neighbouring hotel for one night which was the lord kensington hotel and I must say this hotel was 10 times better than the trebovir even though they did not have air conditioned rooms, just the shear size of there rooms where way more accomodating than the Trebovir shoe boxes.The next day we went back to the Trebovir as the lord kensington was full and when we checked into out rooms, they were the awfully small so we asked if we could go back to the lord kensington for the duration of our stay but were told that they were full unfortunatley :-(The breakfast was pants, no variety at all and the staff were not helpfull at all, always on the phone or talking loudly with one another.Overall very poor for the price we paid but I would most definatly stay the lord kensington again, staff were great, gave us maps and advise of things to do, gave us the best options on how to go about doing things and going places plus there breaky was great, check out my review for them, i must say there rooms are quite small too but no way as small as the trebovir.Apparently the Trebovir is a new hotel too which was quite shocking :-o	
Sep 13 2009 	Except for disappointing WiFi perfect accomodation for price	I stayed at Trebovir for 2 days/2 nights in September. Let me get the 'bad' bit of the review out of the way first. Trebovir advertise free WiFi in the rooms, and whilst it is available and it is free (both ticks in my book), it was a very slow and patchy connection. There were times when the connection dropped out or I couldn't find the station. The only other minor bad bit was the noise in my room (G4). My room faced the Earl's Court tube station and during the day you could hear the trains arriving and departing. I hesitate to call this a negative, because inside the room, the noise sounded a bit like the wind and so it never really bothered me. Plus, it's still a very quiet location evetn with the train noises (you can't hear any car traffic noises for instance).Now having said that ... the rest of Trebovir is fantastic. The rooms are not huge, and the bathroom/shower/toilet is like a ship bathroom - tiny and compact. However, the rooms are modern and very clean and whilst compact, I never felt squashed or cramped. The location is perfect - Trebovir being 2 minutes walk to Earl's Court tube station which is itself 10 minutes on the Picadilly Line to the centre of London and 30 minutes to Heathrow. It's also within the Zone 1 ticket region and Earl's Court has plenty of bars, pubs, fast food outlets, restraunts and small supermarkets in the immediate vicinity which is incredibly handy to the traveller. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times and the office has a storage area for those arriving early/departing late. Best of all, the accomodation is *very* reasonably priced.So overall, despite the disappointing WiFi (come on Trebovir, it's not going to cost much to get a faster Internet connection nor wifi repeater stations), Trebovir is still a great place to stay and one that I would return to.	
Sep 8 2009 	A lovely hotel in a very convinient place in good price	I am sure I will stay in teh same hotel next time I will be in London! The location is perfect (tube station is next to the corner), many many restaurants and pabs are very close and the neighborhoud is quiet. The stuff is nice and helpful. Rooms and toilets are not so big but they are clean and cosy. Beds are confortable and there is a closet as well. Breakfast room is small and breakfast ends a bit early for tourists (9 in the morning) so you have to be there early as it will be crowded. I had a very good time there and recommended to all who need a cosy and convininced place without paying a lot of money.	
Aug 23 2009 	An excellent budget choice for an expensive city.	The Trebovir is in Earl's Court, a lively, affordable neighborhood, and the hotel is around the corner from a major Tube stop; it's easy to get anywhere in London from here. Don't complain about the ship-cabin-sized bathroom -- you're in London, after all, and the rates are totally reasonable. Our room was small, clean, pretty, and comfortable. One tip on breakfast: the room is a bit crowded, and the offerings are more extensive than the wait-staff who take your order let on. So look around to see what other people are eating, then order. Although one staff member inconvenienced us by sending an overseas package back to the post office when we were assured the hotel would hold it for us, the main staff person was attentive and friendly (and, of course, this is a hotel without concierge service, so we were asking for a big favor). If you're looking for an affordable, pleasant place to stay in London, this is a fine choice.	
Aug 16 2009 	Staying at the hotel for the 2nd time and it's still as good	After staying there in April for several nights, i was back here for one night in July especially because it's not that far from Heathrow by the tube. I had asked for the arrangement of an early check-in since i was arriving from Dublin in early morning, and it was arranged smoothly.The room was very comfortable, the AC wasn't noisy at all and the bed was just perfect. The bathroom was still as small as i remembered it was - just like the toilet on a plane - but everything was clean and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. Can't beat the rate and the location either!!	
Aug 14 2009 	great location	Just round the corner from the Earls Court tube station which is direct into the City and Heathrow. The rooms were very small and very hot. the aircon is not good and is very noisy. Very clean room, comfy bed and tiny bathroom, but adequate. Breakfast very basic, but a start to the day!. Staff very friendly and helpful, even though one ate my sons Japanese pot noodle he had left that for safe keeping :) !!	
Aug 13 2009 	They overbook	Arrived to Trevibor hotel at 2 AM (4 AM our time) ´with 4 and 5 year olds after tarvelling 17 hours by car and plain just to find out they did not have room for us even it was confirmed and I had the hotel let know the time we would arrive. I was VERY dissaponted. In hotel they explained something about water damage in our room but to this date I do not beleave it, I'm quite covienced that it was overbooking and so did think also the driver that took us to Castelton hotel and so did receptionist in Castelton. Castelton is Trevobir's sister hotel and that is where they will dump you when they over book... in listings Trevobir has 3 stars and Castelton 2. They were going to teke the same room price in Castelton, but after I explained how dissapointment I was with everything I had small reduction in room price. So if you do not want to stay in Castelton do not book Trevobir.	
Aug 5 2009 	Convenient location	Within short walking distance of Earls Court tube station and exhibition centre. All room are newly refurbished, with flat screen TV and freeview channels. Shower room was very small. Continental breakfast was OK.	
Aug 5 2009 	The tiniest hotel room ever known to man	Although the rates are almost unbeatable and the hotel is well located, I really expected a little bit more from this place. The room was really small, I could touch both walls if I spread my arms. The bathroom was minuscule, imagine the toilets in a plane. Breakfast was just ok. The noise from the trains bothered me a bit, but it subsided at night. I recommend the Italian restaurant STRADA, which is 3 blocks from the hotel, direction the tube station.	
Jul 25 2009	a great little find	Stayed for two nights and was happy with the room. It was on the lower ground and it was very quiet. I read previous reviews where people complained about the noise from the underground, I have to say I was not disturbed by it at all, it was just a low rumble now and again, nothing that could keep you awake at night (tubes stop at 12 or so anyway). The enuite, was rather small, had to wash my body in two halves, left and right, but it was no real chore. Towels were clean and smelled fresh. The tea/coffee making facilities were slightly less then adequate, I always go prepared to make my own coffee but having the kettle in the room was a bonus. The TV, was a bit strange. had freeview but couldnt get the usual BBC/ITV programmes but not really bothered as we were out most of the time. The air con worked just fine. There is internet in the room, we didnt use it but the information says it requires a £5 refundable deposit, it made no mention if there was any other charge for it. The bed linen was clean and fresh, pillows were comfortabe and so was the bed, if rather squeaky. The staff, very pleasant, but had very little to do with them. Now to get to the breakfast, complimentary? no, there is no such thing as complimentary, we all know that. We only had breakfast there the one day, as the second day we didnt bother. It was the weirdest process ever, we went in for breakfast, no clean tables, which was fine as it was very busy and a small resaurtant. We cleared a table and sat down, ignored by staff, but when another couple came into the restaurant, a table was cleared immediately for them and breakfast, such as it was, was brought to them immediately. I am not picky, so waited a few minutes for the waiter to come to us. They did eventually, and brought us tea/coffee and ham and cheese and toast, not bad I thought, but looked over at the other couple and they had cereal, toast, croissants, ham, cheese and yoghurt being brought to them. When i looked around, others had the cereal and croissants, so i asked for croissants, i was brought one, rather stale one. So the breakfast is a bit of a mystery. The second day, we didnt bother to go for breakfast we were checking out anyway. The area is great, the hotel, is just 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Station, when you come out on Earls Court Road, turn left and the road the hotel is on is the first left. loads of places to eat and drink, Mcdonalds, KFC , Nando's, pubs, even a supermarket and a post office. A great central place to stay in london and dont forget to get your oyster card for travelling.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good location sad breakfast	In the heart of Earl's Court, Trebovir is ideally located for travelers in London. The Underground is just around the corner and links you to all the main lines throughout the city. The London Eye is just a 15 minute ride away. The neighbourhood also has plenty of character and a wide selection of restaurants to choose from. We were greeted well at the reception desk and were given information on where to go, what to do etc. In fact, the service at the desk was probably the best the hotel had to offer. There is a lift/elevator but due to the arrangement of the rooms, you still have to navigate several doors and small steps to get to your room, particularly if you're at the back of the building. This can be challenging if you have a lot of luggage. Room was clean, though my nephew's bed had rips in both the bed sheet and bed spread. Clean bathroom but small shower. Had difficulty with connecting to the internet (no wireless so bring a cable with you...though they do offer a cable with a 5 pound deposit) but it may have been my laptop. Bed was comfy and the hotel was quiet through the night. Breakfast was, however, a joke. Toast with salami and cheese, something that was supposed to resemble coffee and one yogurt per table of two. We had to ask about cereal, which was only corn flakes - served with a dribbling of milk. As we were leaving the dining area, we saw others with big croissants but they were never offered to us. If you can avoid paying for the breakfast, skip it...there are likely better places in the neighbourhood. One final thing that left me a little uncomfortable. They give you your key on this gigantic tassel (like the kind you'd use to hold curtains back), and you have to leave your key at the front desk whenever leaving the hotel. We went into central London for the day and when we returned, there was a different person working the front desk. I told him what room number and he just handed me the key - no request for identification. I could have been anyone off the street. Speaking of streets, there's no parking at the hotel. There are some pay meters out there but the time is limited; car parks/parking lots are in the range of 15-20 pounds for a full day. Fortunately, we were there on a Sunday and took advantage of free parking. Overall, it's a good place to sleep if you get a good deal, just avoid the breakfast (unless it's free).	
Jul 21 2009 	Very pleasant hotel close to transportation	This was a very quiet, clean and handy place to stay. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The room was small but that is not unusual for countries across the pond. It is very close to the underground. I would return to this hotel if I returned to London in the future.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great for a weekend away!	I stayed here for a long weekend in May and did a ton of research beforehand on a reasonable place to stay. I wasn't expecting a whole lot given the decent price, so I was pleasantly surprised. It's a fantastic value for what you get - close to the tube, close to lots of handy buses (I took one from Kensington High St. to the fantastic Wellcome museum), great restaurants within a few blocks, friendly and helpful staff and the rooms are nicely decorated and clean. Overall, just a really great stay.	
Jun 30 2009 	New Clean Handy Location Value for Money B	Read many comments from the others before I stayed. Yes, the room is very small liked most of the B&amp;B in London but it is very clean, with elegant &amp; charming furnishing. The bed is small but with a very comfortable duvet to make you sleep well. Internet is free but you need to ask for a cable from the reception. Even the bathroom is super small with limited &amp; basic toiletries (B.Y.O. recommended), it is practical and functioning well. Another good bonus of this hotel is the fantastic location, just make 2 left turns right after the Earl's Court Road exit from the Underground. Also, it takes you directly from the tube right after your arrival in Heathrow Airport by taking the Picadilly Line, 13 stops from Terminal 5 about 35 mins and cost around 4 Sterling Pounds, you don't really need to take the Heathrow Express by paying around 16 pounds to Paddington Station and then change again. Staff are professional and helpful. If cost is a concern on both accommodation and transportation, this B&amp;B will be a recommended choice if the selling price is right.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Value for Money	I stayed in a single room at the Trebovir hotel and I must say it was a pleasant surprise. The rooms are clean comfortable and include internet access. Bathrooms clean and functional not too large bathrooms but OK. The room rate includes continental breakfast. I can recommend this hotel to any visitor that is looking for a clean, friendly and functional hotel right in the heart of London. The underground station Earl Court is just around the corner and from there you can easily get to all major attractions in London.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fantastic value for money great accomodation	This hotel is a bargain and I cannot see how anyone could criticise the quality of the rooms for this price in a prime location in london.The first room I stayed in had one of the reported 'small' bathrooms. Yes it is small but perfectly usable and as it is almost a wet room, there was no issue trying to queeze into a tiny shower cubicly, the second time I stayed they put me in a double room and it was excellent.I usually stay in Marriott hotels but as I am trying to cut my business expenses I looked elsewhere and found this little gem. OK it doesn't offer the same sort of space in the rooms or some of the facilities found in a Marriot but it was a third of the price.It is very clean, smart, modern and the beds are as comfortable as any I've found. The breakfast is basic but perfectly adaquate for a quick start in the morning and included in the price, so no grumbles there.If I have one criticism it is that there are only cups in the room and I like a decent mug of tea, so I have to make two cups at once, but if that's the only gripe I can find I reckon they are doing something right.Frankly I'd prefer it if everyone concentrated on the bad reviews (What few there are) and didn't bother with this hotel and then I would always be able to get a room when I need one.	
Jun 17 2009 	Small and loud	The room 312 was so small you couldn't but your luggage down anywhere. You had no place to put the contents of your luggage either. There wasn't a chair in the room to sit on. We had stayed there 4 nights before our cruise and had to move from room 404 to room 403 as room 404's ceiling made it so you couldn't stand up. We were guaranteed room 403 on our return. They did not keep their promise and gave us room 312 which was horrible. There was a party next to us that went on until 2am and the hotel didn't do a thing about it. People were stopping in the streets and taking pictures of the party as it was so loud. The following morning Mark the owner/manager said he hadn't heard anything about the party or any problems from Edwin the employee working that previous night. We concluded Mark's way of refusing to accept responsibility was to deny he knew anything about it. I believe Edwin did tell Mark as Edwin told me when I had complained that evening after 11pm about the party other guests had complained as well. Hector another employee was wonderful to work with. Our advice: spend a few extra bucks and get a room you can move in, set your luggage down in and have a chair to sit on. Any hotel that allows their neighbors to have loud parties and keeps theirs guests up until 2am doesn't care at all about their guests. You get a hotel room for sleep not to be kept up until 2am.	
Jun 7 2009 	EXCELLENT hotel. Couldn't have asked for a better experience	We stayed at the Trebovir in April and couldn't have been happier. When we first booked the hotel, we weren't too sure what to expect because of the incredibly low price of the room, but were encouraged by reviews on TripAdivsor. And we're very glad that we made that decision!The location of the hotel was great - walking distance from the Earl's court tube station, with a couple of great restaurants in the area as well - we'd definitely recommend Zizi's. Our room itself overlooked a very quiet street. The rooms at the Trebovir are a bit on the small side - but this is London after all so you're not going to find anything different at any other hotel. (And for our purposes it only made it a little bit more romantic). The rooms and bathrooms were spotless. Each and every member of the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful - and they were always happy to give us tips for sightseeing. If you need a taxi or car be sure to ask the front desk to book you a car because they deal with a very efficient and reliable car service that we used a couple of times and were very happy with.Within this price range - you're not going to find anything better than the Trebovir (with a simple but very filling open buffet breakfast) and we will definitely be staying there again on our next trip to London. Amazing value for money!	
May 30 2009 	Awesome London Hotel!	I booked this hotel after reading the great reviews on TripAdvisor. I stayed at the Trebovir for four nights and was truly satisfied by my experience at this hotel. After a long flight from the U.S., I was tired and exhausted. During my check-in, I was greeted very warmly by Mark. He was very professional, courteous and he has a great sense of humor. I felt very welcomed and this truly enhanced my stay here. The hotel was recently renovated, so the rooms and bathrooms are very modern, clean and spotless. The bed was very comfortable. The breakfasts were tasty and filling...an excellent way to start the morning...but get there early because the breakfast room fills up fast. The hotel is in an excellent location, a few minutes walk from the Earl's Court Underground station. A lot of great restaurants and markets near by. I have stayed at several of the other hotels in the Earl's Court area in the past...and the Trebovir Hotel is by far the best. I highly recommend this awesome hotel!	
May 28 2009 	The best value accomodation in London bar none	We searched for a long time for accomodation within a budget range that was close to the centre of London. The Trebovir sounded too good to be true - great pricing, fantastic location (just around the corner from Earls Court stattion) and some good reviews. We were not dissapointed by this hotel. Opened only a few months ago, the hotel was immaculately clean, the staff went above and beyond (even letting me take up the hotel phone for 15 minutes on a private call for no charge) and the room was excellent by London buget standards.Our room was LG04 on the lower ground floor, next to the breakfast room (no problems with noise though). The room is a double, has air conditioning, is ultra clean and the bathroom was more than adequate. We even had a small flatscreen TV with a massive range of channels.Yes - we could hear the undeground trains but it was no more than an occasional rumble (and we would have been the closest room to the station), so other comments describing the hotel as noisy and small obviously have not stayed in London on a budget previously - try some of the pokey hotels around St Pancras for a crappy experience...Overall, we would definitely stay at this hotel again without hesitation and if you are looking for a budget hotel with great service and excellent value for money, this place is it!!	
May 25 2009 	Very good!	I stayed here for 2 weeks on a business trip and it was really a pleasure staying here. The staff was friendly and the room was always clean and tidy with free internet access. The continental breakfast was adequate - although the choices were a bit limited. The bathroom is a bit small for a 6'3, but not really uncomfortable. If I come to London again, I'll certainly book at this hotel.	
May 16 2009 	Small but nice	The hotel is situated very nicely, very near to a tube station as other posters have stated. Our room was small, but since we have travelled to London before, we were not expecting it to be huge. With the luggage pushed against the wall (and we had A LOT of luggage) there was still enough to room to move around in. The bathroom was decent, but we were on the fourth floor, which apparently has bigger bathrooms. However, counter space was limited. With three girls, it was not the greatest. Breakfast was very nice considering it was free. Only major complaints would be that, in the triple room, the roof slanted over the single bed. Being fairly tall, I couldn't stand up beside the bed, and always had to slouch. The window also creaked when it was left open. The tube station didn't cause nearly as much noise as the local pub goers did during a football or rugby game. Anyone complaining should get over themselves and invest in a pair of $0.50 earplugs.	
May 14 2009 	Very pleasant stay	We just returned from a 4-night stay at the Trebovir and had a very good experience. The location (just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube stop) could not be more convenient, especially if you're dealing with luggage and don't want to take a cab. The staff were extremely pleasant, accommodating, and helpful -- my flight arrived early in the morning, and I was hoping at most to be able to leave my luggage at the desk for a few hours before I could check in. However, they let me check in right away as a room was available, which was a real treat. The rooms and bathrooms are indeed small, but very clean with modern furnishings and nice linens -- much, much better than some of the lumpy, frumpy old rooms I've stayed in in the past in the same price range. When the shower in our original room didn't work, we were promptly and courteously given a new room. Both of our rooms were right on Trebovir Rd., at ground level and lower ground level, and I was surprised that there wasn't more street noise, even on the weekend.	
May 7 2009 	Small room but cozy/clean/very good location	Rooms very clean and great position in a cozy area where it's nice to walk though. Shops, restaurants, pubs everywhere. The hotel is newly refurbished and nice, unfortunately rooms (our was nr. 101) are very small and using the toilet was a little challenge everyday. I am always looking for cleaniness and good looking furnishing so the experience was fine and price good.	
May 5 2009 	Surpringly Disappointed	Having read the great reviews about this hotel, I honestly thought that we could not go wrong. I must admit, however, on some level I understand why many would leave good reviews. True the rooms are clean and small, very small. The bathrooms - clean and even smaller. Yes it was expected, however the bathrooms are NOTHING like the website. The bathrooms are very much like thoses on ships in private cabins, however at this hotel -- even smaller. When I requested another room, the receptionist informed me that ALL bathrooms at the hotel were like this, when I argued that is not possible due to the photos on their websites, then he decided to inform me that only on the 4th floor bathrooms were larger.Each hotel guest is given one towel, so the following morning we requested 2 extra towels (we were staying in a twin room). The morning receptionist was very nice and told us that we would have our towels. Upon returning, we didn't have the extra towels. The afternoon/night receptionist told us that we couldn't receive the extra towels because the hotel didn't have any. They only have 1 towel per guest and that towels were not changed everyday! My friend then went to the same receptionist, demanded the extra 2 towels and after a while had them thrown in her face. The next day, again we requested 2 extra towels, the morning receptionist promised we'd have them. When we returned at night, we didn't have the towels, we asked to speak to the manager, he wasn't there (all we were told was that his name is Mark - the receptionist didn't know his last name). Needless to say we never got to speak to manager.It should be noted that the breakfast staff are very helpful and you do feel that they go out of their way.Overall -- the hotel is new, clean and comfortabl-ish considering its size, but as a whole experience, quite negative... turns out that good service goes a long way!	
Apr 25 2009 	The Trebovir Hotel is a not suitable for more than overnight with noisy very small rooms	In mid April my wife and I booked 3 nights in The Trebovir Hotel. The prices seemed reasonable and it received good reviews on Trip Advisor. We requested a quiet, non smoking room. However when we arrived we discovered that the room was barely big enough for the twin beds it contained, there was insufficient room to put suitcases down and to be able to walk past them. While it had a bathroom, it was verging on perilously small and would more appropriately suit a small launch. As to a quiet room, it overlooked Earls Court Station which is active from 6.00am thru to 2.00 am! That hardly fits any definition I can think of relating to a quiet room. Opening the window immediately rsulted in an invasion by flies, something which did not occur in two other hotels in London in the same period.There was no porters/luggage storage room facility to store the luggage of guests coming or going. The substitute was to put it against the wall in the tiny entry fronting reception a meter or ntwo from the front door. The logic being that the person on reception would keep their eye on it - what a joke. The outcome was that we sought out and found a better, bigger hotel for less money in Kensington High Street and forfeited the cancellation fee rather than attempt to stay in this tiny, misrepresented establishment. This room is more suited to a backpacker hotel for one person per room, and even then it would be sub-par.	
Apr 23 2009 	nice hotel with good value in a good location	If you want a clean room at a good location for a reasonable price you can't go wrong with the Trebovir. The newly remodeled hotel is clean and while the rooms are small they where very clean. We are a family of four and stayed in a room family room one night, which had enough space, and a room with a pullout couch another night, which was very tight. The staff was very freindly and helpful. I particularly like the area. While just outside the heart of the city, you are right at Earl's Court Station which is ten minutes on the underground to the center of London and is also on a direct line to Heathrow. We had great luck in the neighborhood finding many restaurants which were reasonably priced.	
Mar 27 2009 	a nice stay	This is a newly remodeled hotel. It is very close to the tube station and many restaurants (and internet cafes). There is a nice elevator in the hotel and the rooms were very clean. It has a small bathroom (like all other bathrooms in london) but manageable. I had a great stay here.	
Mar 6 2009 	Amazing!	I stayed at the Hotel for two nights at the 4th floor, and, LOVE IT! I walked in (VERY EASY FROM THE TUBE STATION), asked the very helpful receptionist for the price and couldn't believe when i got into the room... The room was very well decorated in an english style, fresh and quiet, the Bathroom had a power shower and crisp cotton white Duvet on the bed. Flat screen TV with some good cable channels, I had salami, cheese and orange juice for breakfast and both morning was greeted with very happy /charismatic staff. The hotel contributed to an amazing time visiting London and i will definitely recommend. Incredible three star.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great place!	Recently stayed at The Trebovir for two nights and was really pleased. It has just been done up so looks very new and smart, modern too with nice new TV's and curtains that actually keep the light out in the morning. Friendly staff, nice breakfast, although not cooked and in a really good location for seeing all the sights and shopping. I would recommend and will stay here again on future trips.	
Feb 13 2009 	Exceptional at this price	I just stayed at the Trebovir by chance, looking for a hotel in Earl's Court at short notice. What a find! I never expect much in this price bracket but I have to say that the place is top-notch - newly refurbished, very comfortable, clean, spacious, almost stylish in parts. Great continental breakfast, very affordable, great location. Amazing value for money basically.	
Nov 21 2009 	pequeño pero bonito confortable bien situado y barato		
Nov 9 2009 	buena relacion calidad precio		
Oct 28 2009 	No se puede pedir más. Volveré!		
Oct 12 2009 	Desayuno muy escaso y poca variedad. Sofa cama muy incomodo baño tipo cruceros prefabricado		
Sep 20 2009 	Volveria a repetir		
Sep 7 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Sep 2 2009 	Unico neo:bagno micro		
Aug 23 2009 	Muy buena relación calidad-precio		
Aug 23 2009 	Una buona scelta		
Aug 12 2009 	Camere piccole carine ed economiche		
Jul 1 2009 	¿Desayuno para llevar?		
Jun 25 2009 	Excelente opción		
Jun 23 2009 	Ottimo compromesso		
Jun 8 2009 	BUENO BONITO BARATO		
Jun 4 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
May 27 2009 	buon hotel ma bagno troppo piccolo		
Apr 15 2009 	Grande !		
