Aug 1 2009 	Way over priced for what it was!!!!!	Me and my friend stayed at the bridge park hotel at the beginning of july when we went to see Take That at Wembley...would not recommend it!!!!! When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist was very polite and nice and showed us to our room. As soon as we stepped into the room it smelt awful! The only way to describe it was something simular to mothballs - not nice at all! My friend said she could really smell it so thought we'd get used to it. Then my friend went to take a shower...but no hot water! Went back out to reception and receptionist told me just to keep running the tap for 5-10mins and it should come though...of course it didn't, so inthe end the maintence guy fixed it and all ok. Next morning however when we opened the curtains the curtain pole fell on our heads!!!!!! We placed it back coz we didn't wanna get charged for it! The good things about hotel was the breakfast - can't be faulted at all and the location to wembley. However, the price of £75 was TOO much! If if only cost us £30 a night I wouldn't have minded, but i thought i was WAY overpriced.	
Jul 15 2009 	shockingly bad	where do you start!?They didn't have a clue I was booked even though they had took the money, I had to wait 2 hours after my stated check in for my room, theres ONE SHOWER for alot of rooms, the sink in my room was falling off the wall, you can smoke inside, and the room smelt bad, there was leaking water and an air conditioning thing making alot of noise all night.I had low expectations for the small price I paid, but I wouldn't recommend it to rats.	
Jun 12 2009 	Want cheap hotel near Wembley	Daughter booked Hotel for England game.I looked at Tripadvisor afterwards and read reveiws and thought no way ,all but a couple were terrible write ups,but it was to late to book something else, so took a chance.No need to worry!! If your looking for cheap Hotel near Wembley Stadium this will do.No 18 bus took us to Stadium walked back to Hotel after match 3/4 hour.Room was fine as it had just been redecorated,bar prices ok for London,Breakfast was help yourself,staff were friendly and helpful.Would I recommend Hotel? for a Wembley trip Yes no problem	
Jun 11 2009 	Very good value for money	Stayed overnight whilst attending an England International, Very pleased with standard of room, Staff very friendly and polite, Bar Tariff reasonable expected £3.50 pint + was as cheap as my local average £ 2.70 pint, friendly local drinkers whom enjoyed the crack and were very helpful on advise (where to drink local transport etc) 45 min stroll to Wembley could not face breakfast but it looked good, Had bar snack reasonably priced all food looked good value for money Will be going back Ample parking All I can say is DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER !!!!!!	
May 10 2009 	Not if there's a better option ...	My friend and I ended up with this hotel after a ridiculous and unprofessional mix-up on Orbitz that led to us being relocated to the Stonebridge Park hotel. We weren't very impressed and were there for 12 days. The rooms were FREEZING, the breakfast was embarrassing and the carpets were dirty and stained. There are only two 'suites' in the hotel (which is more of a hostel) that had private bathrooms, and the water reeked due to the old pipes. It was also in a pretty dingy area - I didn't feel safe coming back late by myself. The staff seemed to mean well, but were just terribly incompetent. They didn't all speak English very well, and there wasn't always someone at the front desk when we came back in the evenings -- which meant we were banging on the front door for 15 minutes to get in. Not fun. Especially not in that area. The hotel was across the street from a building site, and because the rooms weren't insulated, you'd wake up anytime anyone happened to sneeze outside. All in all, I'm glad to be back in my own bed. I wouldn't recommend this place, even on a shoestring budget (plus, it's kinda overpriced for what you're getting).	
Sep 12 2008 	Disgusting	DO NOT STAY HERE IT IS TERRIBLE. I have just returned from a two night stay at bridge park and the first thing i did when i got back was have a shower!! the room stank of fags and was cold, bed sheets were dirty, no one made the beds or cleaned the room, no hot water, we had to pay for two nights up front ( The manager told us this was normal practice in all hotels!!!) Frankly if I could have paid on departure I would not have paid, although smoking in public buildings is illegal at this hotel you can smoke in your room as long as you stand by the window!!! Lastly on the morning we were due to leave I woke up with a black hairy bug in my bed! Even though this was cheap you can get so much better! No refund was given when we complained but then he had already had his money!!!	
Sep 12 2008 	This hotel lives up to its dire reviews	This has got to be one of the worst budget hotels I have stayed at in London. I booked through ebookers who took my full payment for the room (£54.00 or something) but when I read the reviews I wanted to cancel but I wasn't able to because the hotel would charge a £35.00 cancellation charge, even though I called ebookers about 10 minutes after making the reservation so I decided to just go ahead with the room. When we arrived at the hotel, I was asked to pay another £40.00 for the room but I queried this with ebookers straight away and they informed me I had already paid and this £40.00 should not have been charged. I did get a refund but it took a while and several phone calls. The room wasn't too bad but the shower area/toilets (shared between several rooms) were awful - toe nail in one of the showers, a wasp in one of the toilets, dirty and filthy, the bedsheets were also dirty. When we were having breakfast in the room, one of the hotel staff decided to take photographs of all the hotel guests - not just one or two but he was taking photos for a good 20 minutes or so without permission. When questioned about it, he said it was so they could remember who was there?!? I'm not a fussy person, far from it, and I have stayed in many budget hotels but this one is one to stay well away from. My advice would be to pay an extra £5 or £10 and get somewhere better!	
Aug 11 2008 	Smelly Nightmare	Was so awful we couldn't stay, thankfully they refunded us a night. The rooms smelt like urine and cigarettes. There is one toilet and shower per 5 or 6 rooms. Located amongst abandoned buildings and housing projects, it is miles out of the city and didn't feel particularly safe. This is a cheap hotel/hostel but you can get much better accommodation in the city, the photos on the website are not a true reflection of the building.	
Jul 1 2008 	What a horrible experience	DO NOT STAY HERE I DONT CARE HOW CHEAP IT IS. It was the cheapest thing we could find, ok sure. Still, the website boasts cleanliness and moderness. HAH. They messed our reservations up the second we got there and the room we payed to reserve wasnt even available. So the receptionist gives us a room in the basement, ok whatever, we're kind of worried at this point. We get our room, theres a dirty towel in the bathroom, one dirty glass in a double person room, mold all over the baseboard and wall on one side of the room, and the room feels dank, moist, and musty. Seriously, the sheets feel damp its that moist. The free wireless internet they proudly boast doesnt even work, because they put us in the BASEMENT. They arent willing to work with us and we'll have to see if we can get out of here. We would leave tonight if we could find accomodations. DONT DO IT!	
May 27 2008 	Disgustingly Filthy	Have just returned from a stay at the Bridge Park Hotel. It was absolutely terrible!! We were on a trip to Wembley so only stayed one night - Thank God! There were 8 of us booked in 4 rooms. They were all with shared bathroom as they were fully booked up for en-suite, but for one night we did not think it would be a problem to share a bathroom. Althought the sheets and towels in the room were clean, everything else, and I mean everything else was absolutely filthy. Two of the people in our party, who were in their twenties, did not even sleep in their rooms as they thought they were disgusting and booked into another hotel in the centre of London for the night! The breakfast was greasy and dried-up, and the only thing I can say in favour, was that the staff were very polite, Having said all that we did only pay £51 per night per room, and were obviously not expecting anything luxurious, just a bed for the night. However even if the hotel was old and in need of repair, we did expect some standard of cleanliness. If you are on a really tight budget and dont mind dirty, smelly bathrooms and bedrooms then this is the hotel for you, but I would say you would have to be very desperate. We all felt that we would come out of the showers dirtier than when we went in!! We did all laugh at our misfortune, and said that if we ever wanted to go to London on a &quot;dirty weekend&quot; then this would be the place to stay.	
Nov 7 2007 	let this be your last resort	The hotel is not too bad, they actually have a good breakfast. If you like to drink, they got a bar attached to the hotel. The only thing that you can't hide or get over is the high crime level! Look up Stonebridge park, its one of the worst crime areas in London. Im still here, until next week when i check-out. But after dark, do not go outside. Seriously.	
Nov 4 2007 	Was Very Glad With The Level of Service.	Was very very happy with The Hotel and especially with the staff.Very efficient and polite. The Hotel itself ticks all the boxes of a budget hotel. The best part is the avblity of wifi in the room itself. Great breakfast. Wholesome and for most will be enough till a late late lunch. Only glitch is non availability of proper shoping nearby. Though the Hotel cannot be blamed for it. All essentails easily available though.There's post office opposite. Only Bus to and from Is No 18. To and from Euston. You will need it to get to the Tube station.(Stonebridge Park -Bakerloo Line)A must book if value for money is a priority and not luxury.SV Narayan	
Oct 29 2007 	Avoid!!!!	This hotel is an absolute dive. Our room was appalling, one of the beds had what appeared to be blood stains on the sheets; there was a pair of dirty flip flops left lying on our floor; the bathroom was horrific - had a gaping hole in the roof that leaked water into the room, the ceiling was covered in damp and the floor was just plain dirty. The whole hotel smelt either really stale or of curry powder. To be fair, the staff at reception were really helpful, but it didn't make up for the rest of the place. The hotel bar was tacky, and the beer we had was clearly watered down. I wouldn't recommend anyone stays here.	
Oct 1 2007 	Good for money	Very good for money, not very good part of town, and a bit loudy because of near building site, but hotel was clean, new furbished, with nice breakfast and friendly staff, tube station 10 minutes away-then 20 minutes to city centre-will come again!	
Jun 20 2009 	crasseux bruyant et malfamé		
Apr 13 2009 	Hôtel à déconseiller fausse publicité		
