	Nice hotel in a quiet yet central area	At 199 including breakfast, a good rate for that area, for a large room. Great beds. Bathroom had only a shower, with not very good water pressure. Breakfast is nice, service is friendly. The area is quiet and residential, yet only a few minutes from South Kensington tube. The area has a bit of a village feel, with local shops on Chelsea Green.	
Nov 24 2009 	as the previous review says- its all good	really liked this hotel - we decided to each give our own reviews! I think Chelsea is very swish I felt it was &quot;London light&quot; close to everything and yet far enough away, but still in the city. For a city like London that is quite a coup.We were able to travel around freely and the rooms were small but very nice.If we ever come back to London we would stay here again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Quiet part of this city - but not such a bad thing	Expensive - but London is. Not a bad location as is very quite and you feel like you can really chill after a days sightsieng	
Oct 6 2009 	One of the best boutique hotels I stayed in for a long time!	The myhotel at Chelsea was a great experience. The room was very neat and clean and had all the necessary equipment. The staff was very polite and helpful and there is a nice bar or reading room as well as meeting facilities.The breakfast buffet was very nice and the food good.	
Sep 28 2009 	Tired	I have stayed at this hotel for the past 10 years, when being a boutique hotel was sexy and unusual. If you have stayed over a long period you can see the signs of tiredness. Carpet is becoming threadbare, shower doors are loose or jamming. The bar doubles as the breakfast room and therefore is neither one thing or the other.I used to love this hotel, but now there are many better boutique hotels, fresher and cheaper, £144 room only, for a really small room with no view and a hefty charge for breakfast is no bargain. Badly needs a facelift, location alone won't do it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Perfect boutique hotel	We stayed here for two nights and were extremely pleased we chose this hotel to stay. The room was huge, with an enormous double bed. The hotel is very modestly decorated and relaxing. Breakfast was nice, with lovely sofas to relax with a coffee or glass or wine. The staff were extremely helpful and very pleasant. The location is in a beautiful part of London, easily accessible by tube. I would go back here in an instant.	
Aug 21 2009 	Decent place for a relaxing couple of days	Not a bad hotel. It is very clean, the staff is friendly and the food is decent. It is not the most exciting part of London but it all depends on what you are looking for. There are some nice (expensive!) shops around, but that's London... If you are looking for a quiet place to relax, this is a decent bet. It's about a 3 minute walk from the South Kensington stop on the tube.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very apologetic for minor failings!	This is a lovely location, though it's quite a walk from the nearest tube if you have luggage so would recommend you take a taxi. It's lovely and peaceful, even in the height of summer, yet it's walking distance to Harrods and Westminster. The V and A and Natural History Museum are even nearer.On arrival the staff couldn't find our booking, so we were sent to have a glass of wone in the bar. When they did find the booking, we were upgraded, which was a wonderful surprise. As a consequence, our room was spacious, with a bath, and shower over. My only TEENSY quibble is that you would expect more milk and some biscuits on the hospitality tray. Otherwise everything is as you would expect for a boutique hotel, though I think the attitude of the staff here is wonderful - unobtrusive, yet they really try to take care of you.The bar is, as someone else has mentioned, very 'Sex and the City'. We had to wait quite a while for our food, and when it arrived it was cold! However, they dealt with this really quickly when we pointed it out, and didn't charge us for our coffee and dessert as recompense. It was explained that the chef was 'confused'. We were more than happy with this, so it was a surprise to get a letter from the catering manager when we got home, offering us a complimentary main course and glass of wine on our next visit!The next morning the chef was still confused, and so our mixed toast was just white. Again, this was sorted almost immediately - but it did put me in mind of the soused chef in 'Fawlty Towers'! That morning was the only time we made it down in time for breakfast, but it was a wonderful selection - no need to have the full English because the continental is more than sufficient.On the whole I loved this hotel - we had a really lovely stay, and it was a beautiful oasis from the tourist hustle and bustle.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nice cosy boutique Hotel in a (too?) quiet neighbourhood	We stayed a week-end at MyHotel Chelsea, a nice, cosy, and romantic hotel located in the quiet, upper-class, neighbourhood of Chelsea, a bit far away from the main attractions of the city. The hotel looks quiet and clean. Design is modern and a bit girly (&quot;sex and the city&quot; style). We had lunch in the pink restaurant room, where breakfast is served as well, and it was not first rate, just normal, but breakfast was abundant and tasty.We stayed in a junior suite with a very comfortable bed (and great pillows!!) and a small &quot;living room&quot; equipped with a leather sofa and a LCD flat screen TV and DVD player.The bathroom was not very large, but was wery well maintained and very clean.Service was helpful and polite.We spent a nice and romantic WE there, but normal rates may be a bit over-priced given the standing of the hotel. I would recommend to chase special week-end rates for those who want value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location but poor service and hotel too small	Stayed over the first weekend in July 2009 to celebrate mine and some friends birthdays.Location wise the hotel is spot on. Very close to the Kings Road and Fulham Road for shopping, plus a splatter of decent pubs/bars in the local areas. Also walking distance to the main museums located near Hyde Park.On first impressesions the hotel comes across well. Its well presented and a nice chilled atmosphere when you walk in.The room we had was nice (room one on the ground floor), well decorated/clean and quite funky. Bathroom was clean and the shower was awesome. But a few things:1 - the noise! as the room is so close to the street and back of the hotel. there was alot of noise in the morning with deliveries/people chatting etc. so couldnt lay in.2 - the smell, after brekkie noticed a really bacony smell in the room.not nice3 - too much light - the blinds/curtains worked well and blocked the light out. but light came streaming in under the main door and through the bathroom door (see below)4 - bathroom privacy. Firsty the door between the bathroom and main room only has a flimsy net curtain on it. so its possible to see thru. Plus the blind to the outside wasnt too think either! not impressedSo thats the room...Now the bar/restuarant! After getting back to the hotel around 1am, it was alot of hassle to get a drink. The night manager let us in and we was told we had to wait 10 mins to get a drink. After careful discussion the night manager did it himself (was a nice chap actually - so thanks), but seemed alot of hassle.The bar is also the main restuarant! so when going down for breakfast it was full up and we had to stand around for 15 mins to wait for a table. Dont expect this in such an expensive hotel. The breakfast was pretty average and alot of hassle getting served.The waitresses where lovely and very friendly, but there wasnt enough of them so the service was overally poor. 2-3 of them had to service breakfast inc making coffees etc and this wasnt enough. Felt sorry for them as they tried hard, but the management team need to address this. The breakfast wasnt anything special and they didnt give me the tommy sauce I asked for!So overall - the hotel was ok, we had an industry discount so only cost around 130 for the night, if I was paying fully I wouldnt have been very happy.It was too small and you wouldnt want to spend much time within the hotel (not outside area apart from a tiny balcony with 4 tables!). So look elsewhere	
Jul 3 2009 	perfect stay for a romantic get away!	My boyfriend and I just wanted somewhere a bit more luxurious to stay for our mini break to London and what can i say, Myhotel was the perfect place! We arrived earlier than the 2pm check in time, just wanting to leave our bags but our room was ready so we were able to check in which was a bonus. The staff were very professional but friendly and chatty, letting us know if there was anything they could do to make our stay more special or comfortable we only had to ask.The room was immacuate &amp; very spacious. We booked the superior double and it was perfect. I was in heaven as a bit of a girly girl (think Sex and the City...you could imagine Carrie Bradshaw staying there!!!). The housekeeping standards are clearly very high and I am a bit of a stickler for cleanliness, so i was also very happy there! The air conditioning was also a god send as it was the hottest couple of days London had seen this year!I would definately got back and stay there, hopefully sooner rather than later as i feel i need to try out some of the Spa treatments!!! Yes it was expensive but i feel it was well worth every penny!	
Jan 29 2009 	Enjoyable stay	Good location and welcoming atmosphere. Some of the rooms may be a bit too much for some (bright red walls for example) but it is a very relaxing place to stay, especially the common parts. Pricey though	
Jan 14 2009 	Best Kept Secret In Town	As I have been living in London during few years and since I am travelling every Six Months to the city, I think I knew merely all the good hotels where to stay.What a Surprise, Secretly Hidden in the Middle of South Kensington &amp; Chelsea, in the best area of London with all the best bar such as eclipse and fine dining such as the bibendum, My Hotel Chelsea is really a Hit.A good mix with quiet rooms where to relax and a cosy and trendy bar with the perfect fireplace for a romantic moment.I deeply recommand it since I loved it ! Can wait to go back, i did even try the Spa !!!	
Jan 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel shame about the leftovers	Beautiful hotel in Chelsea, very nice but small room.. very comfortable bed..We stayed at the hotel on New Years Eve...unfortunately after undoing the soap to wash my hands on arriving to the room .. no 13.. unlucky for some ??I attempted to put the wrapper in the bin &amp; was met by the contents of the bin... clearly labelled Durex ... whilst i am an adult &amp; know that sex happens everywhere.. it was rather 'in your face' ... I mentioned it at reception on our way out.... came back in a couple of hours later, the bin was empty. my partner opened the door beliving there was somebody knocking on it , to find a masseusse calling at the next room ??. went out again.. came back in admittedly rather late...We were then woken in the early hours by rather noisy sex in the room above...On checking out the duty manager came to see me &amp; apologised for the bin contents &amp; said that next time we stay, we would get a complimentary upgrade.. dont think we will be going back too soon.. the hotel would have got an above average score but for this...	
Nov 6 2008 	Very disappointing	Stayed for one night, 25th October 2008. Lovely hotel, terrible service. In particular:-Was provided with an iron with power cord so worn the metal was showing through at the handle.Room (no.8) was very hot - despite air conditioning on full blast, had to sleep with the window fully open (in October!).Ordered room service sandwiches - took 55 minutes, sandwiches arrived open (suppossed to be toasted), bagel arrived without cream cheese.At private function, requested drinks three times - each time order was delivered incorrectly and the staff did not write down the orders. The bill was then charged to a random member of the party, with a service charge!It felt like the hotel had opened with good intentions, but corners were being cut, particularly with training - although the majority were very friendly and willing to help, they appeared underskilled for the roles they were performing. Also, I was not the only one in my party who experienced these problems. Very, very disappointed.	
Jul 7 2008 	Thumbs up!	Absolutely fantastic hotel in all regard! The rooms were superb, the service attentive and hospitable, location perfect ... all round excellent stay and would most definately recommend to anyone who is travelling to London. Would I return? Yes, yes, yes!!!	
May 16 2008 	Peace of heaven	Myhotel ChelseaRecently my partner and I visited London and had a most enjoyable stay ever. We booked myhotel Chelsea and I have to say – it’s a home away from home.The location of the hotel is fantastic – between museums and shops near South Kensington and designer shops and fancy restaurants on King’s Road.Before we even arrive we were sent a questionnaire seeking our preferences. We could choose between still or sparkling water, need for ear plugs or a sleeping mask, feather or hypo-allergenic pillows and the duvet, chocolate, wine and even music style.The experience of tranquillity began with the first step into the lobby – smiling and friendly staff always happy to assist not only with the baggage but also with any information required, theatre and restaurant bookings.We have booked a Superior room – it had a large, very comfortable King size bed with an amazing feather quilt and large pillows. There was also a mini bar, DVD player, LCD TV in the room. In the bathroom we had a selection of Aveda products, soft towels and robes – just wrap in and spend the evening browsing internet as the whole place is equipped with Wi-Fi.A hotel has a small gym and a wonderful conservatory with complimentary refreshments (apples, water, teas and coffees) and a selection of DVD's and CD's to borrow for an evening.The breakfast at this hotel is a must: a selection of fresh fruits, juices, delicious pastries and wonderful coffee – definitely the best breakfast we ever had so far!I would definitely recommend this hotel for a comfortable and peaceful stay in London and if you have a chance – try Jinja Spa treatment. Only 30 minute will help you regain the strength for another busy day in crowded European capital.	
Jan 29 2008 	Little Gem in the heart of Chelsea	I stayed at myhotel chelsea for the weekend with my boyfriend and we both adored the hotel. Everything from the rooms to the bar to the staff were lovely. Its a really relaxed hotel and only a 5 min walk from South Kensington Tube Station or 15 min walk from Harrods. Our room was spacious and the bed was so comfy. Breakfast was delish and so were the cocktails!!!! I will definitely be going back and am recommending it to all my friends. Massages are meant to be legendary so I will have to have one on my next trip!!	
Dec 12 2007 	Way over promises So under delivers.	I stayed here from Sunday 9th December for 2 nights. The hotel is ideally situated in a quiet area off Sloane Ave, near to some of Londons best shops and restuarants in the more genteel borough of Chelsea. This is great if you dont want the bustle of the west end.However, the hotel lacks a great deal when it comes to service. Firstly, checking in was a process that involved a 20 minute wait in reception for no apparent reason being greeted by every member of staff which is of course nice but no one actually getting around to giving me the key to the room, not so nice. Secondly, I had been in touch with the 'concierge' via email to arrange a car and driver for the evening which I had been assured in writing was booked but suprise suprise the Hotel had no record of this. I ordered some food from room service also which by my standards (and I have stayed in lots of hotels) was well below average, I have had better tasting Pret a Manger sandwiches.I mistakenly asked the concierge to book me a table at Toms Kitchen for Lunch and when we arrived the they had no record of my booking. Thank god for the very accomadating Maitre d who took pity on us and found us a table in a fully booked restuarant. (Toms Kitchen btw is Marvelous, the food and the service are immaculate and resonable too!)On the morning of check out, well before the 12pm checkout time housekeeping knocked on the door a record 4 times and then an over enthusiastic member of staff wandered in, letting herself in and without knocking. Needless to say, I was NOT amused.The final indignation occured as my Boyfriend struggled with our very heavy bags down the front steps to a taxi without an offer of help from the assembled staff. In conclusion MyHotel Chelsea is OK, it has a great SW3 location, Aveda toiletries and Sky TV and as long you need treat it as you would a travel lodge and pretend the hotel offers nothing more than a bed and a few extra scatter cushions you'll enjoy it just fine, but as far as service is concerned, the Four Seasons it aint!!!	
Oct 8 2007 	Good - could be better	Stayed here the first week of October for 2 nights since I had meetings at an office only a few blocks away. Can't beat the location - 5-10 min. walk from two tube stations, great neighborhood, good sized rooms, and nice looking place overall.  Now the down side: - Seems like the entire staff is in training - no feeling of confidence in the quality of service.  - the hotel is too small to support a &quot;bar&quot; or any sort of night life after your evening meetings and dinner. Case in point: I returned around 10;30 pm hoping for a cocktail before bed. Asked the bar tender for 3 relatively simply drinks (whiskey sour, martini, or scotch american) - he couldn't make any of them.  At the end of the day, the hotel is too British to be truly modern international, and trying too hard to be like the &quot;W&quot; or City Inn chains to be considered British. I might go back, only if the location works out well, but if my meetings are in the West End or the City, I will definitely stay elsewhere.	
Aug 25 2007 	Nothing special	In my quest to find my favorite Chelsea hotel,I booked into myhotel after viewing a room on a previous visit to London. For nearly £300 a night for a large room/suite, the size was very good. However the decor is dated and the colours depressing. The furniture is also dated and the lights barely work. Service was barely adequate and bordering on the unfriendly. Breakfast was very good although nothing is served prior to 7am (difficult for those early City meetings). Needless to say the location is ideal for all local Knightsbridge/Chelsea attractions with many restaurants nearby (check out Tom's Kitchen on Cale Street). Overall nothing special so the quest continues for the perfect Chelsea hotel (I try and avoid the usual 5 star hotels such as Sheraton, Hilton, etc.). Will only stay there again if on company expense and lack of other accomodation.	
Aug 22 2007 	Good Location - Dissapointing Service	Upon arrival, one should not have to call reception and ask for slippers, then call a second time for the (already requested) second pair. Upon checking out, one should not have to carefully check their bill to prevent a 29 GBP room service double-charge. During breakfast, one should not have to ask for plates every morning to be consistently presented with saucers - because the larger plates (which were not too large in the first place) are out. Before going to bed, one should not have to call reception again because their pillow is sporting a large brown/black imprint (from a type of machinery) - and then struggle to change the pillow case. And on laying down, you should not feel as if you are sinking to the center of the, obviously overused, mattress. In the shower, you should not have to wait for the bar of soap to wear down to nothingness before it is replaced with a new one.Though the rooms are rather small, making it impossible to navigate around the bed with your partner seated at the desk, the Wi-Fi works and there are enough power sockets around. The TV is good and you can also borrow a film from the hotel's limited but diverse collection.Exiting the hotel, and leaving the air of general parsimony behind, you are in a very good location - quiet, safe, and expensive. And that is all there is to it.	
Jun 2 2007 	Generally great but its the little things that make the difference...	I stayed in this hotel on a sunny May weekend and loved my trip. Generally, the staff seemed eager to impress. However, on arrival the reception desk was deserted, and I had to alert the staff to my presence by sticking my head around the back office door. Bad start. The gentleman who checked me in was helpful enough but seemed unable to smile and wasn't particularly friendly, nor did he apologise even once for his initial absence. The hotel itself is virtually perfect, in size (this is London), decor and facilities. It is just small enough to be boutique, yet not so small it is pokey- a happy medium. Location is brilliant- Chelsea is a lovely area, and the hotel is convenient for South Kensington tube; which is the main thing for both tourists and business travellers to London. The atmosphere in the hotel makes it a wonderful haven in busy London and a brilliant base for one’s travels- perfectly relaxing. On arrival I found some complimentary fruit in my room, which was a nice touch.A disappointment came that evening when I requested an ironing board, and was told &quot;we have none left&quot;, even after a debate about this, one took a while to come. When it did it was the traditional overused and flimsy rubbish- looked quite out of place in such a nice hotel. Using the (ancient) iron fused the electricity in the room. When I went out for dinner I left the ironing board in the room, with the empty and dirty fruit bowl atop it. When I returned the ironing board had been removed, yet the fruit bowl was carefully placed on the coffee table. It seems a small thing but returning to a dirty fruit bowl on the coffee table was a bit of a disappointment! The beautiful widescreen LCD television unfortunately didn't work throughout my stay, not that I missed it. The turndown service came around at 6pm while we were dressing for dinner, which seemed a bit wrong- we never did get this service in the end.On the whole however, the atmosphere of the hotel was wonderful and provided you don’t expect too much from the staff they were generally polite and helpful enough. The bar and communal areas have an excellent atmosphere and are truly welcoming, modern yet classic. Despite the one or two staff slip-ups, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 2 2007 	Visit marred (yet again) by hotel not finding our internet booking.........	Arrived to find the hotel did not have our internet booking. Although it had been confirmed when booked the night before, an email was sent to say it was not confirmed to our hotmail the morning we were travelling, which we did not see as we had no access to it while on the move. The website people said they had phoned the hotel to book, which the hotel denied. However the hotel said that if they had had the call, they would have honoured the booking........who was telling the truth? All we know is we paid way more than the original booked price of £380 for 3 nights. Seems like the only winner was the hotel. Frankly, wasting an hour and a half trying to sort it out marred the whole visit, and left a bad taste. The hotel ? It's cosy and friendly and we liked the atmosphere, decor and vibe. Rooms are not that large but are a million miles away from the corporate and impersonal ones you often get. Despite the booking problem I'd stay there again if the price was right.	
Feb 28 2007	okay	I've stayed here about 15 times in the past year for work. Each time I check in, there are always different staff; most of whom appear to be reasonably clueless about London and the amenities in the vicinity of the hotel. Twice I've been downgraded to a single room, which is smaller than the room I grew up in as a child (ie - very small), with no explanation. The rooms themselves are ok; a bit 'business-instituion-ey' if you know what I mean. It's an ok hotel, but despite having stayed there so often, I don't feel any affinity for it and wouldn't choose to stay there unless it was on my company's dime.	
Jan 2 2007 	myhotel a great choice really enjoyed it	We stayed in myhotel for 6 nights in December. The hotel was tastefully decorated. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was excellent, with fresh juice, smoothie, extremely tasty pastry, etc. We had our Xmas dinner in the hotel restaurant. We sat on a very comfy sofa, beside the fireplace. The steak was good. Atmosphere cosy and price reasonable. All in all, enjoyed it a lot. Plus, location was very convenient and neighbourhood posh and safe. You are basically 3 minutes away from Channel, Paul Smith and Ralph Lauren. All in all, a great stay for us. Tips: don't book it from hotel website. We did it via the &quot;Visit London&quot; official website. For GBP 119 per night, we got a double room with continental breakfast and VAT included. if you book it on the hotel website, same price but tax and breakfast excluded.	
Dec 17 2006 	Lousy Hotel in Chelsea	Terrible hotel , rude staff , horrible rooms , overpriced and a location close to nothing . Honestly , even the breakfast was bad . Do not bother	
Dec 15 2006 	Home from Home	Being a regular business traveller to London and a woman travelling on my own, at last I have found a Hotel that is a great location and has a great atmosphere in this boutique Hotel. As soon as I first found this Hotel via a Hotel website I knew that my searching around for somewhere decent to stay when I am away on business was over and believe me I`ve stayed at some awful Hotels for alot more money in London. I now stay regularly at this Hotel and can`t rate it enough. The rooms are everything you could ask for, breakfast is delightful and the library offers complimentary internet access which is great if you are away on business like I am. There is a Spa and a small gym with just a few pieces of equipment in if one needs. The colour scheme around the Hotel is great too. The staff can`t do enough for you, The beds are sooooo comfortable and at night they even leave a little muffin by the side of your bed along with your crockery. (nice touch) The bathrobes are soft and fluffy as are all the towels. The only down side is that most of the rooms only have a shower but there are a few rooms with baths if they are available. I have stayed at this Hotel now about seven or eight times and will continue to do so. A great find.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great hotel great location.	We recently spent a night at Myhotel Chelsea. The location is fantastic - right between the Fulham Road and Kings Road. Our room was great (much bigger than we expected) and had the most comfortable bed and pillows. It has a bar area and a separate library with free internet access and a collection of DVD's and CD's. The staff were very helpful. We opted for the cooked breakfast (and happily paid a £4 supplement) - but the continental breakfast looked fantastic. Would highly recommend.	
Dec 1 2006 	A Home Away From Home	This hotel is a gem. Tucked away in Chelsea, about a 10 minute walk from the S. Ken Tube station, myHotel Chelsea is great little boutique hotel in London. If you can stay here for business, good luck: it's typically booked solid during the week. We stayed there over the weekend and experienced great service, reasonably (for London)-sized rooms, great amenities and a yummy breakfast to boot.The staff, notably Cesar, was very polished and personable. They made it easy &amp; that's what counts.Just a note though. If you have an American credit card, they did try to charge me in U.S. currency without asking first. I've noticed a number of hotels doing this now in London. Ask to be charged in GBP, otherwise the exchange rate they give you is (you guessed it) entirely in the hotel's favor.	
Nov 23 2006 	Quite Nice a Hotel Despite a Mix-Up	We stayed here in July when our regular hotel was fully booked. Despite high rates in London for the period, I found a fair price on their website. We know the area well, having stayed nearby previously. Arrived late after day flight from NYC to find that no double room was available. Reception was apologetic, but said they could do nothing to correct the problem. Offered choice between 2 small singles for the evening or transfer to another hotel. We chose the former on promise of &quot;remedy&quot; in the morning. And that they did provide in the form of a junior suite. Very comfortable and quite spacious.Rooms are modern and soothingly decorated. Up-to-date with amenities, etc. We found a nearby wireless connection and avoided the usual London usury for internet access.Breakfast in the dining room had a French flair, but was actually quite good. Staff were a little spacey overall, but generally willing to accommodate.Location is ok, not far from the South Ken tube, but bus lines in this area are limited. It's a nice place, and we would return again.	
Nov 22 2006	Keep Going back	I've stayed in the myhotel Chelsea about four times now and I keep going back. It's a low service hotel, very few staff and not a five star luxury experience except that the beds are amazing, the rooms are very clean some are more luxurious than others and it has everything you need. The environment is also very relaxed. BE careful about booking on the phone as we had trouble with getting them to honour the rate we were quoted on the phone as we hasdn't been able to print our confirmation which I was quite disappointed with. However since we got back and my friend followed it up, the y have promised to upgrade us next time and give us a good rate. The location is EXCELLENT for shopping, with Brompton Cross just beside and Sloane st Knightsbridge and Kings Road all walking distance. I think it's got a bit expensive recently but I'm not sure the whole package can be beaten so I keep going back.	
Nov 12 2006 	This place is a haven....!!	This Hotel has something special...! An amazing attention to detail is what you will notice. My fourth floor room was a haven from a busy London. The cool jazz was I had ordered was waiting for me upon arrival into my room. The lighting was ambient, the decor was soft and I was enveloped in warmth. I sipped green tea, supplied without a request and had the most delicious fruit salad at breakfast. You cannot fail to be impressed when warm muffins are delivered to your room and the people who work there actually seem to love their job, which refelcts in every aspect of the service you receive as a guest.If you visit, try out the cocktail bar and restaurant....great!Can't recommend this place enough!!	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Personal Hotel	Absolutely Fantastic. Friendly &amp; Efficient Service. They do all the little things. A great place to stay if you can find a good deal (for London). Expect the room to be small but cozy and comfortable. Great library, small gym and good continental breakfast. About 10 minutes from underground. If you're ok with the small rooms and the fact that you are not next to underground this is the type of comfortable hotel that is ideal.	
Sep 18 2006 	Trendy Hotel get Full marks	Trendy, up-to-the-minute, aspirational, small, cozy. Element of surprise to find this in what looks like a traditional Chelsea building on the outside. This hotel has a “wow factor”.Lasting impression: As above, particularly aspirational, plus personal. Sort of home-from-home feeling due to small size, one-off designer pieces of furniture, great décor, Great music. Interesting pictures on walls, fresh flowers, magazines/papers etc. Mix of guests seen: single business people, (male and female), young trendy couples on a date and local Chelsea chics, mix of ages, from 20s to 40s.	
Jul 9 2006 	Still lovely and still devious at checkout!	I returned to Myhotel Chelsea on another business trip and found the same positives and negatives as I experienced last year (see previous review).The hotel itself is lovely, very comfortable and well-appointed, in a great location near the South Kensington tube stop. It's not cheap, but if you can find a good deal (or your company has negotiated rates, as mine has) I would recommend it. The free Internet access is very handy.The caveat remains, as the New York traveler recently noted, they will take advantage of unwary foreign travelers at checkout. ASK TO BE CHARGED IN POUNDS! If you let them get away with converting the bill to your own currency, you will pay a very high rate, and they will not alert you to this practice. Fortunately I had warned my traveling companion about this, so when she was handed a USD charge slip at checkout she gave it back and asked them to redo in GBP. It is unfortunate that they continue to engage in such a sleazy, deceptive practice at an otherwise charming hotel.	
May 31 2006	very happy with this hotel	We got a very good rate for this hotel 140 for a double room and I was expecting it to be a little bit tacky and small but i was very pleasantly surprised. our room, the smallest in the range had a lovely bathroom with lots of soft towels and bathrobes, a very comfortable bed, fridge etc not too cramped. What we enjoyed most however wasn the &quot;library&quot; a large comfortable light room full of sofas with music, complimentary coffee and tea, fruit, bottled water...it was somewhere to read a book or chat without having to go to the bar or stay in your room. A great idea. The staff were very helpful and the atmoshere laid back - just like at home. The location is excellent for the king's road or south ken. nearest tube five minutes away. Very good value for money.	
May 29 2006	Very restful hotel	We just got back from a week's stay at myhotel chelsea. Not having had much experience with London hotels (having always stayed at a cousin's very posh house) we weren't prepared for such a nice experience. Unlike others on this board, we found the staff to be extremely helpful and considerate when asked and unobtrusive the rest of the time, which is definitely my preference. The room was spacious compared to previous experiences (limited, admittedly) with UK hotels. At least there was room for two to move about. Very stylish, the BEST towels of any hotel Ive stayed at -- finally proper sized bath sheets at a hotel! The bed was comfortable and the amenities were good: teas, coffee, fluffy robes, nice soaps and shampoos. The meals we had from the bar were tasty and inexpensive and the lounge with free internet, comfy couches, tea, coffee, fruit and bottled water was delightful. There is a small fitness room. Celebrity bonus: Charlie Dimmock of Garden Force was staying there. The only negative was the sharp practice of having me sign my credit card slip in pounds and then (without notifying me) converting that sum to dollars at a higher rate than what my credit card company does. This was an extremely unpleasant discovery. In fact, I checked the bill thoroughly, handed over my card, signed the receipt and then the girl at reception took the customer copy (printed separately), stapled that second receipt to the bill and folded it up and put it in an envelope and sealed the envelope. So, it wasn't until I opened the envelope that I discovered the switch. I consider this a very distasteful end to an otherwise nice stay and will complain to my credit card company about it. One other warning, we tipped everyone as we were told service was not included in the food bills, but when the statement was printed out at the end of the stay, infact there were service charges added subsequently to all food charges.	
Apr 15 2006 	Disappointing	We stayed at this hotel for two nights and it was fine for location, room size and decor but badly let down by indifferent service. For the rating of the hotel, the staff just weren't up to the job: they watched us struggle with bags into the hotel, appeared bored by the effort of explaining where to find our room and never seemed to care how things were. Details were neglected - there were no glasses, nor a corkscrew in the room and it took several calls to secure a ropey corkscrew and tumblers. We ordered a simple room service lunch that was slow and incorrect - over £5 for a horrid, luke warm hunk of bread with fatty ham and semi-melted cheese. The minibar wasn't refurbished and the cleaning left a lot to be desired. As we checked out, the bill was inaccurate and the staff once again unhelpful. Not at all deserving of its rating and needs a lot of work to warrant a recommendation from us. What a shame when a fantastic location and building is ruined by careless staff.	
Apr 4 2006	Feng Shui in Chelsea	Booked at last minute for myself and my adult daughter so opted for a twin room. Did a deal on the phone the night before arrival. Hotel reception asked what our budget was so there was room for negotiation over price at last minute and we got breakfast thrown in as well. No twin rooms on arrival so we were upgraded to a double suite with a portable divan which was a but small but my daughter said she could sleep anywhere due to tiredness from work so we stuck with it (I wouldn't have been happy on it). Hotel was a delight with a Feng Shui theme - different scents e.g. new mown grass in reception. Decor modern and attractive. Suite had a smallish bedroom and a small lounge but combination was good. Bathroom was decent with robe and slippers available.We opted for continental breakfast with plentiful range of cereals, breads, fruit cold meat, smoked salmon etc. Cooked for those who requested it. The library, accessible with room key has free internet facilities and a small fitness centre attached. 5 minute walk to underground station(sorry those who say 10, you are plainly unfit!)and the same to restaurants. Kings Rd not far away with excellent shopping. Overall quite expensive, despite the deal but lovely for a treat. We would return.	
Mar 31 2006 	too hot to sleep!!!!	I stay in London a great deal on business, and am always on the look out for new and interesting hotels. I had visited Myhotel Chelsea for a Christmas drinks party, and was impressed with the decor and ambience of the hotel. It is really quite pricey, but I thought I'd give it a go!Our room was so small you could bearly swing a cat - the decoration was lovely - beds nice and comfy, but I would have preferred enough room to get into the room without having to move bags around each time - than the designer accessories!There seemed to be a problem with the heating - on our first night hot air was constantly being pumped into the room - we didn't sleep! The next morning we asked if they could look at the problem, and was told on our return that it had been fixed - it hadn't!! We went to see reception again, to be told there was nothing they could do, and the hotel was fully booked so they couldn't move us to another room. Another sleepless night in a sauna! (that is honestly no joke - that is how hot it was!) When we came to check out there was no apology - no offer of any kind of compensation. It is an extremely expensive hotel - and in my opionion far too over priced - if your looking for real luxury with a first rate service I would highly recommend the Parkes Hotel in Knightsbridge - they can not do enough to make sure that your stay is as comfortable and as enjoyable as possible	
Mar 12 2006	Great London Boutique Hotel	We have stayed in a number of London Hotels and are constantly searching for a stylish boutique hotel, with a good location, decent size rooms, relaxing communal areas and a great breakfast, and I am happy to report that we have found it.There are 2 'My Hotels' in London, one in Bloomsbury and one in Chelsea. We stayed in Chelsea. The hotel is about 10 mins walk from South Kensington Tube, and located in arguably one of the best areas of London. The bedroom was a good size, (much bigger than the room we had at No.1 Aldwych) with contemporary clean styling. The hotel is nice and small (45 rooms) and so retains an intimate, personal feel. It is also nice and quiet- a great plus for a city centre location. Breakfast was perfect, in a fantastic multi purpose room, with some great styling- (some inspiration for our future home!). There is a great buffet, with freshly squeezed juices, fresh fruit and pastries etc., with a range of cooked options made to order. Also liked the conservatory area- with internet, papers, and CDs and DVDs to borrow. Only area of improvement I would say is the water could be a little hotter and the service could be a little sharper. We will definitely be back.	
Jan 6 2006	Lovely hotel	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend at Myhotel Chelsea. It is a very cute hotel, we loved our room (we looked around the internet and got a good deal of £99 per night, including breakfast). The bed was slightly small but very comfortable! Huge cusions, great matress and a gorgeous duvet. Very close to the shops and a walk away from Harrods. The staff were nice and the drinks in the bar were overpriced but very tasty!	
Aug 30 2005	Not So Glowing Review of Myhotel Chelsea	Can't agree with the other glowing reviews about this hotel. Just had a two night weekend break there. Firstly, the room was tiny; partner and I had to have a strict choreographed routine to stop us bumping in to each other if we both wanted to stand at the same time. I know the design effect is meant to be homely in a contemporary 'chintz' sort of way, but I just found it very ordinary and not witty or stylish enough to be distinctive nor to raise it above the ordinary. Our room didn't have a bath, shower only. After a long drive and a lot of walking around the shops of Knightsbridge I wanted to soak in hot bath, so I enquired at reception if there was a room with a bath available and if so could we change. There was a room available and we could change and it would cost us £35. Mmm...£35 for a bath, I declined the offer and we went to the bar instead. Bar was totally empty. We waited for 5 minutes and it was clear that no one was going to serve us. I therefore went to reception were the bar person was having a nice chat with the reception person. Neither seemed too happy that I interrupted their conversation but one did reluctantly agree to come to the bar to serve me. I waited at the bar, ordered two glasses of wine, paid the man the money and took the drinks to where we were sitting. A few moments later the bar person came across to us and informed us, in a loud manner, that we hadn't paid the right amount. The drinks were, I think, around £6 each and I had given him £12 which even with my bad maths seemed about right. Of course what I hadn't factored in was the 12.5% service charge. I therefore had the privilege of paying of £1.50 for service despite the fact that I had to find the bar person to serve me in the first place!Breakfast was disappointing, none of it seemed particularly fresh and the coffee was very bitter - a bit like my overall experience of the hotel!	
May 31 2005	Stylish Rooms with Great Service	When checking into a hotel, you want to be impressed, greeted by friendly staff and have great factilities to look forward to. Well my hotel Chelsea has it all.Our Room, one of the newly refurbished rooms called the Red Room was funky and stylish at the same time. With it's dark red colour and white bedding, a romantic setting is easily created.The Bar offered a large variety of cocktails and drinks. A cocktail and a my mezze was a great way to enjoy the afternoon sun. The chilling music in the backround was enough encouragement to try a few more cocktails.The hotel is a short walk to chelsea high street. If you intended on staying at the hotel, a gym and beauty factilities are available. Alternately just relax with a few drinks in the bar. The continetal breakfast which is normally included in the room rate was the prefect way to start the day. The spread was unbelievable. From smoked salmon to the perfect cappocino.The service we received was fanstatic. From the reservation to check out. For a all round exprience I highly recomend my hotel Chelsea.	
May 3 2005	Myhotel Chelsea: you should definetely stay there!!!	Even though I was prepared for a small room(based on general reviews for British hotels) i found a quite big room, a king size bed &amp; very clean bathroom!Al the areas in the hotel had a &quot;fresh smell&quot; of flowers, the breakfast was quite light and modern ( a lot of fruits, juices and great coffee).In the lounge bar, you could have free coffee, internet and borrow DVDs without paying.They were so attentive that they were cleaning the room twice a day and bring small cakes in the afternoon.The only BIG disandvantage was the bar service late in the night (around midnight): the barman was so rude when asking for drinks, he was disappearing for more than 30 min. and had to go to the bar and find him. He even shouted us to find the room number than come to our table and ask!But the above was just a small detail!If you want to visit London and stay in an excellent hotel in Chelsea please book myhotel Chelsea.P.S. Please visit King's Road for British shopping!!	
Apr 17 2005	Unforgettable	Recently we stayed at myhotel Chelsea to celebrate our Anniversary in London and we loved it. The warmth, the excellent service and the relaxing atmosphere was beyond our expectations, well done, keep it up, we will definetaly be back to celebrate again.	
Apr 14 2005	The Best Hotel in Chelsea	My Partner are both very well travelled and have stayed in some of the best and some of the worst hotels all over the world. The best find for ages is the myhotel in Chelsea. My partner and I stayed at the myhotel in Chelsea on the night of our wedding. (We were getting married in Chelsea Register Office) I needed access to the room at midday (usual check in 2.oopm) so wrote to the hotel explaining that I needed the room early to change after my drive from Essex, also adding that it was my wedding day and the hotel held special significance for me as that is where my partner proposed to me. The hotel was absolutely magnificent. Not only did they allow me early access but upon my arrival I was upgraded to a suite which was just fantastic and upon entering this gorgeous room I discovered a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket with a beautiful card welcoming me to the hotel and wishing myself and my partner all the very best for our future happiness. I had only been in the room ten minutes when the Customer Services Manager came to make sure that everything was in order and to convey his personal wishes to us both. What a wonderful start to such a special day. After our celebration lunch at our favourite restaurant in Chelsea, our party returned to the hotel and occupied a large part of the super little boutique bar where we spent the rest of the evening partying. The staff couldn't have been more attentive and helpful, the service was impeccable, the food was beautifully presented and tasted superb, the rooms were just fantastic and the whole atmosphere and surroundings couldn't have been better. We shall definitely make it our favourite hotel in London and maybe even the world. I would give this hotel my highest recommendation, we were thoroughly spoilt. Everything about it was fantastic, thank you, myhotel, for your fantastic service, the warm welcome and the very personal approach to your guests.	
Apr 11 2005	Great 5 Stars Hotel	This is a wonderful hotel. We are very happy with the 5 stars service and room. Couldn't have ask for a better location.	
Mar 30 2005 	A great nights sleep	Suited my needs perfectly, great service from a friendly staff.I´ll be back!	
Mar 16 2005	Just found my home from home.	As someone in the travel industry, service is extremely important to me. Must congratulate them on getting me tickets to The Producers at a minutes ntice and tickets to football which were not overpriced. 5 stars	
Mar 9 2005	Not worth it	If you are used to 3 or 4 star comfort, do not stay here. I booked a standard room and was told I'd be upgraded to a superior room for 145 pounds. I got to my room and it was tiny with low ceilings, not the 27sqft i was expecting. I refused to believe this was a superior room until i saw the standard room, which is as big as a standard bathroom. I saw about 4 rooms and I couldn't stay there so i requested a suite (for more money), which on their website is advertised as 70sqft. It was a little bigger than the superior, but still very small for a suite. More like the size of a standard room at a normal hotel. Some other problems:--I was shocked to find that in the suite i stayed in, there was no closet space!! There was room for about 4 shirts! In a suite! I lived out of my suitcases for a week!--The TV is as big as a computer laptop screen--There are only about 10 channels, 4 of which are sports. NO movie channels. There are dvds to borrow but tiny selection and all so old.--The shower didn't work properly, switches from hot to freezing by itself, low pressure.--I would go out at 9am and come back at 1pm and find my room still not cleaned even though i hung the sign on the door.--The bed was not comfortable and the sheets were quite rough not soft. The room just seemed to be decorated cheeply, which is not very boutique-like.If all u want is a bed to sleep on, then this place is fine, but for the price i expected a lot more. 40 pounds more and u can stay at a 5-star hotel. I will say that the staff is friendly the muffins in the lobby in the morning are yummy. For a bed and breakfast, it's fine. But 160 pounds is a lot to pay for a bed and breakfast.	
Mar 2 2005	About time a hotel lived up to its promises	An absolutely superb hotel, very enjoyable, beautifully designed. A detailed and thoughtful service with quality at every level. Pleasant and efficient staff.	
Feb 15 2005	Over rated and under performing.		
Feb 4 2005	Over Rated!		
Dec 12 2004	It drove me to write my first review		
Oct 11 2004	Special without being stuffy		
Aug 30 2004	Our favorite!		
Mar 25 2004	Calm in the center of London..		
Sep 15 2003	fab		
Jul 29 2003	Love the myhotel Chelsea (but a few issues)		
Aug 3 2002	Undiscovered gem		
Mar 5 2002	excellent london hotel		
Nov 26 2009 	Fantastico!		
Mar 24 2009 	molto carino!		
Nov 10 2008 	Fühle mich im Myhotel Chelsea immer wieder wohl		
Aug 30 2008 	Buena situación y poco más		
