Nov 10 2009 	good value for your money	The hotel was nice enough for the money we paid. The bathroom was slighty gross but even a slight hygiene freak like me had no problems there. The breakfast wasn't anything special, just cornflakes, muesli and toast with cheese/marmalade but filled you nonetheless. The public transportation connections were good especially the Piccadilly and Victoria lines nearby. Would go there again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Basic but friendly	Room was very basic but clean.The staff were very helpful &amp; pleasant. Breakfast is best advised away from the hotel, as the self service options seemed to be forever running out. That apart the hotel is a good cheap option if you basically want a room to sleep in.	
Sep 13 2009 	Very good price/performance.	Stayed there for 4 nights. Rooms are clean, towels changed daily. Breakfast OK (toast, butter, cheese, various jams, tea/coffee) except the &quot;orange&quot; juice - I think it's something which remained from the Bhopal Disaster... some Union Carbide well preservered hidden orange poisonous dust ...diluted with water and served now as a juice...Reception ladies very gentle, neighborhood OK (Finsbury Park it's a wonder!) except maybe some Saturday Night local cowboys which are staying around the local pubs. 5 minutes to the tube, a couple of Liedl/Tesco at less than 200m distance...everything a tourist visiting London and only sleeping @ the hotel wants...Definitely recommended.	
Jul 19 2009 	Medicore	When we arrived we were rudely told that the lift was broken, so we had to drag our luggage up 4 sets of stairs. We were given a cramped room which stunk of cigarette smoke and damp. There was giant black damp stains on the walls and ceiling and splatters of tea along the walls. The bathroom also had damp. There was no lock on the door, and no holder for the shower to go into. We complained to the receptionist, who rolled her eyes and pretty much looked at us in disgust, plain rude really. We were given a bigger room with more space, which was a lot better. Although this time the bathroom was the size of a small cupboard, although it had a shower (of which water only came out about a third of the holes) was rarely warm and leaked all over the floor. By the time you finished water would flood the bathroom, and run undertheath the door into the room. The drawers in the room fell apart when we tried to put our stuff in them, but at least the TV worked. You were also only given 1 paper thin pillow each, which was quite uncomfortable. The continental breakfast was poor. We never went back after the first morning. All that was on offer was cardboard bread, weak diluting orange, cornflakes and jam. Go to one of the all day bakeries down the street instead (: The hotel was in a good location, in zone 2 of the underground, the nearest tube station (finsbury park) being a five minute walk away. You could also jump on and off the 29 bus right outside of the hotel, which took about 20 minutes to Leicester Square. I wouldn't reccomend walking alone late at night in this area though, it seems quite dodgy at times. The road outside the hotel was quite quiet, it is blocked off so not much traffic goes by. Overall, i suppose you get what you pay for, but my view could have been a lot more pleasant if it wasn't for the extremely rude receptionist and the terrible bathroom.	
Jul 7 2009 	Horrifying. Stay away.	Where to even begin...ripped curtains held together by staples. The curtains covered a giant black mould stain on the wall. The laminate flooring had incomplete gaps. The floor wasn't swept at any point in our 5 days there. Overt and plentiful water damage to the ceiling. The tea/coffee cups provided were filthy. The bathroom was disgusting with rust spots all over anything metal. The shower stall had black mould and rust all over it. There was mystery hair all over the floor and wall behind the door of the bathroom (where clearly they never clean). The staff working the front desk often told me to come back when another (apparently more helpful) staff member was there. Upon request of an extra pillow, I was given a clearly dirty one. The &quot;breakfast&quot; dishes were often dirty...i had to pick and choose which plate and cup I would end up using because so many weren't clean. The shower leaked and flooded the bathroom floor. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk, they said that someone would be around the following day to have a look at it. It was a problem for our entire stay. My wife coughed the entire time that we were in our room, so as you can imagine we spent as little time as possible there. I'm assuming it was the mould that she was reacting to.	
Jun 16 2009 	Cheap place to stay	If you are looking for a cheap place to sleep in London then this place is great providing you do not expect anything special.The staff are helpful and friendly and will take the time of day to speak to you.We booked this place 2 months in advance so we could have somewhere to stay after watching the England V Andorra match at Wembley so as to eliminate the need to try to travel back the same night. Unfortunatly the tube workers were on strike when we went so we had to take the car. This hotel is fine for that as they do have secure free carparking at the back of the hotel whis is a big plus point for London.The room was of a good size and so was the bathroom. The early flatpack furniture was however well past its sell by date.There has been subsidence in the area as the floor is not very level. The whole place could do with being painted as there are large water stains on the celing and walls.The basic breakfast was perfectly ok as were the tea and coffee in the rooms.We did have a good stay there though and we would go back.	
May 24 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I stayed here briefly on a stopover from LHR... and since it was free, thanks to a special deal on BA, I was somewhat skeptical. But, it was totally fine, and conveniently located. I had a single, and it was a true single: single bed, small room, small bath. But everything was quite fine. I was most surprised that, although it was a basic, no-frills room, it had a mini-fridge. It is very close to the Tube. There are lots of shops and restaurants, including places that are open late, which was convenient as a traveler arriving late. A breakfast voucher was included (coffee, juice, cereal, pastries; additional options for a surcharge), and while it wasn't noteworthy, it was perfectly fine, but I wouldn't have paid for breakfast, as there are plenty of options nearby that would certainly be better.	
Jan 14 2009 	Smelly room	We stayed here between xmas and new year with our daughter and her friend, so we had two rooms. My daughter and her friend had a room which had a large bathroom but the toilet did not work. They were offered a bucket as no maintenance staff were on at the weekend. Although the staff were very good and polite, this was not acceptable, and eventually they weregivena different room. Very basic -curtains hanging off the rails. Bathrooms not very clean. Our room was very small, the television was unwatchable and very small, but the smell from the bathroom was very bad and could be smellt as soon as you opened the door to the room. I suspect the drains. The breakfast was very poor, and you had to queue for ages for the toasters, one of which only toasted on one side, so you had to wait while everyone toasted about three times. We went to a cafe just along the road for breakfast after the first morning.If you just want somewhere to lay your head the hotel is fine and handy for the underground. Very cheap for London so I suppose you get what you pay for.	
Dec 22 2008 	Good service	When we first arrived to the hotel we got a room that was normal sized with two beds and some furniture. The toilet roof had quite a lot of mold... But the room had no refridgerator and we asked if we could get a room with one. A member of the staff gave us another room that was HUGE! We asked how much we'd have to pay for this big room but he said we didn't need to pay more than for the other room, so we took it. This room was in better shape than the other, it didn't have visible mold but the toilet was still a bit moist and frowsy.The room had beds for 4 people and a cot for a baby but we really just used two of the beds since we were only two. It was divided in two rooms - a double bed in one room and two single beds in the other. There were also a TV (5 channels), cabinet, bureau, refridgerator, bureau with tea / coffee making things.The staff were great and very friendly. Even better than the last time we stayed here! They always asked how we were doing and had some casual small talk when we passed by. Overall the hotel is a little worn and scuffed but ok.Breakfast was good and there were quite a lot to choose from. Cereal, bread, cheese, selection of jams, juice, tea, coffee, milk. The breakfast ladies came and asked if we were done when we had finished and took our plates, mugs etc. The location of this hotel is great. The area might be a bit scruffy but it has everything you need - shops, food, pubs. And Finsbury Park is really nice! The hotel is only a couple of minutes walk from the Underground, Railway and Bus station.Altogether I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and the staff were great.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great staff!	I must say the staff really have improved since the last time we stayed at this hotel. Now all of them were cheerful, most friendly and polite- not only Theo :) We needed to change our room and there were no probs, they gladly helped us and with no extra charge. The room was big and clean, but the toilet was pretty small. Everytime we´ve been out and came back, we really felt welcomed by the staff. I can´t complain about breakfast since I normally don´t eat so early, so I think it was OK.The hotel is very good located in my mind. Easy getting there straight from Heathrow, a bit away from the most noisy parts, the lovely Finsbury Park across the road. It´s easy getting around with the tube only a few minutes walk away. It´s a little pity though that the hotel does´nt have a restaurant for meals and afternoon tea. I can only say I enjoyed this stay even more than last time and thats because the staff had improved themselves so much. I gladly recommend a stay here :)	
Jul 11 2008 	Barely Tolerable	Since I don't speak French, I couldn't read the only other review of this hotel, but from the pictures we may have had the same room and felt the same way about it.My husband and I arrived at this hotel by hired car. The driver was doubtful that we had the address right and kept saying, &quot;Are you sure the hotel is in THIS neighborhood?&quot; The other nearby buildings had windows that were boarded up or hung with sheets. He literally seemed hesitant to drop us off. Not a good sign.Since this was our first trip to Europe, we thought maybe the outside was not indicative of the inside. Prepared to be good sports, we rolled our suitcases into the lobby. The receptionist was pleasant, but the desk/office area looked like a college dorm room - papers, magazines, boxes, etc. were strewn around. We checked in and went towards the elevator, only to be told that someone had recently broken it. I don't think so. Expect to carry your bags up and down the stairs.The stairs and hallway were carpeted and really dirty, like they hadn't been cleaned or even vacuumed for quite a while. We walked past an open door where clean sheets and towels were stacked on carpet that looked to be in the same condition.Our room was decent sized with a double bed. The furnishings were &quot;early IKEA&quot; but appeared clean. The bed had a flat sheet over the mattress, and a top sheet, comforter and towels were laid out on top of it. I guess the idea was that we were supposed to make it up. OK... There was a stand-alone closet and a little cupboard with a very small TV and a coffee maker on top. There was mold and water stains on the walls. The view out the window was of the parking lot, unless you looked the right and then you got a view of the dumpsters and someone's yard filled with trash.The television alternated between snowy color and snowy black and white. It got 6 channels, 4 of which were the same BBC station.The bathroom was huge, but mostly bare floor. The tub had a hand-held shower nozzle and hook for it on the wall that it didn't fit into. Our first realization that many Europeans take sit-down showers. We're not exactly old, but it wasn't all that easy getting in and out of this tub, and hard to avoid getting water on the floor. There were plastic packets (think ketchup) of soap and shampoo.The toilet was difficult to flush, especially if there was anything more than liquid in it (sorry.) My husband took to pouring water into the bowl from the tub to try to get it to flush. When he filled the sink with water to shave, it leaked at the bottom and made a pool on the floor around it. Maybe that's why there were no electrical outlets in the bathroom! There were 2 in the bedroom; one conveniently behind the bed, and the other on the wall outside the bathroom door. So much for actually seeing what you're doing if you try to use a dryer or curling iron. Speaking of which, we were surprised to find there was a not a dryer in the room when we had though the website said there was. My husband went online and found that there was a note saying you had to ask for one at the desk. Sure enough, one of the boxes back there was full of big black hair dryers.After having spent some time making the bed the first night (I know it's not a big deal but I was tired and a little cranky after traveling all day, and the bed wasn't all that easy to make since it was against the wall) I was disappointed to see that the next day we came back to find the same layout: bottom sheet on and folded top sheet, comforter and towels. The third day, we came back to find the comforter actually pulled up - yeah! Until I pulled it back to find the top sheet wadded up underneath it. Oh well. We appreciated the clean towels, and tried not to think about them being on the floor in the room down the hall.The breakfast was interesting. Again, we hadn't been to Europe before, so we were trying to go with the flow. What we were offered was two kind of bread and a toaster, jam and butter, a plate of sliced cheese (which we noticed most people piling on their toast in place of jam or butter,) muesli, milk, orange-colored water (Tang?), hot water with tea bags and packets of instant coffee. It wasn't bad, just somewhat unusual for us. We enjoyed the muesli and toast and went elsewhere to find coffee. We never did get used to the Nescafe. We found a treasure just down the street on our second night back: a Polish bakery with delicious pastries and such. We bought cinnamon rolls and blueberries at the market next door and ate like royalty the next morning.Finsbury Park, across the street, is a lovely little park and looked like it would be a nice place to jog (during the day.) There was a pair of swans and 6 cygnets in the pond that were delightful.This was rated a 3-star hotel on the TravelBound website. There is another hotel with the same name in a different part of London. Maybe it's nicer - we never went and checked. This one is way up north, and is a fair distance from Heathrow and the center of London, though there is a metro stop 3 blocks away that is convenient. It was by far the worst hotel we stayed in on our trip.	
Oct 30 2009	Basico		
Oct 27 2009 	Recomendable para turistas poco exigentes		
Oct 10 2009 	senza pretesema accettabile		
Apr 20 2009 	Très bien vu le prix		
Dec 8 2008 	Attenzione al bagno		
Sep 11 2008 	si no eres muy exigente qdaras bastante satisfecho		
Aug 2 2008 	Suffisant pour le prix		
Mar 5 2008 	une Horreur		
