Sep 10 2009 	great price great location	I just returned from a one night stay at this hotel,I literally arrived here about 11pm and checked out at 10am. it was perfect for my needs. the bathroom was spotless, the sheets and towels were clean and the location was a 2 minute walk from earls court tube station and the room had a working tv! I paid £40 for a double room so what I am complaining about I didn't really mind. the paint on the wall was peeling, there were scuff marks around the bin, there was no air conditioning (but the window opened and there was a nice breeze, we were up early so early noise didn't bother us). The breakfast could really be skipped, it consisted of a bowl of cornflakes, half a glass of orange juice and toast with margarine(definitely not butter) which was all a little bit unedible. The room was small which could get a little annoying if going for a longer stay. For a quick stop over this hotel was perfect and wouldnt find a cheaper hotel in that location in London.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location	The hotel has great location. It is not new or posh but what do you expect for 60 pounds per double room. The bathroom was nice, room was clean and ok. Yes they should paint the walls and repair small holes in walls, but we used this hotel just to sleep, so it was perfect.We went for breakfast only once, yes you get OJ, coffee, cornflake, toast and terrible margarine and jam, but again I dont care.So for our purposes it was great. Staff was very nice and helpful.	
Jun 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel on one of central Londons most popular attraction area	i stayed at this hotel for almost a week and I found that the service was brilliant and all rooms were en-suite. As soon as you enter the Hotel you get a warm feeling as it is a clean and refurbished/modern hotel. To be honest the quality of the rooms were excellent (as good as a 5* hotel) As I stayed here with my children, the hotel also gives breakfast with great service I would definately recommend anyone to stay here as it is close to many of londons popular attractions such as the famous museums. I will definately be visiting again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Traveller Beware	After planning trip to Europe, as my wife is recovering from breast cancer.The hotel is described as &quot;all rooms recently refurbished&quot;.Our room was in the basement, filthy, dirty bed perhaps bed bugs, dirty rug, old furniture with minature flat screen TV- this must be the refurbished part. Hospital spray was sprayed in room to cover up dirt smell. Although we paid for 3 nights, we left for another hotel.We meet three elderly travelers from Australia who were in same predicament but had no other funds. Shame on the owners for Cheating people with a filthy dump. I am reporting this to hotel regulators because no one should have to be faced with this on vacation.	
May 23 2009 	low price good serviceu shouldn't come back without meet with Sada the gorgeous gentle receptionist.	most of the people complaining about this hotel. but this is exageration,they should think positive.in a low price this hotel is ok. although there is some -ive points but these are available may be in a 5 star hotel as well. during my saty in the hotel olympia i am writing my review in the following points.+ive points.*Low price*good service*near to the tube station*access to each histotrical place*very very good and helpful staff,especially sada,you shouldn;t come back to your home unless you met with him.*clean room*new refurbished bath room.*daily new bath towels/soap.*hair dryer*tea/cofee facilty*tv*telephone*heating system*free wi-fi-ive points*small room*small break fast hall*only 1 hour for the breakfast	
Apr 30 2009 	No Lift!	The hotel is in a fantastic area, very close to Earls Court station, and lots of cheap Restaurants nearby, however be aware, the rooms are tiny, bathroom was very smelly and the hotel has no lift - this made the trip up to the 3rd floor with 2 x 25kg bags certainly an experience I would rather forget	
Mar 10 2009 	What a nightmare	This Hotel is the worst I have stopped in throughout my life the rooms are cold and damp there are no bottoms in any of the draws the plays stinks of fusty spices or something and the staff are not very helpful. Tea making facilities are a joke plastic paper cups that melt as soon as you put warm, not hot water in themThe staff go in your room when you go out, god no's why but I would not trust any of them. The breakfast is a joke you either like cornflakes or you can't have any other cereal, toast is cold, but at least tea was ok and in proper cups. It is absolutley terrible. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Jan 19 2009 	Must try to be positive	If I were English, I should be embarrassed that guests to the country were subjected to such filthy accommodation. Seeing the A4 page pinned to the door with 'PUSH' handwritten on it caused unease and when I opened the door, the offensive smell that I encountered, confirmed my worst fears.Filthy stairs and bedroom carpets, tiny room where bathroom door could only be opened 30 degrees before it made contact with the bed, filthy duvet with large (ink?) stains, filthy net curtains covering only half of the window, main filthy curtain reached three quarters of the width --- all conspired to make my two nights stay a most horrific experience. But it was the smell on entering the front door (and permeated the entire building) that compounded what was a most horrific business trip for me. I wonder is there any Health and Safety Authority in the the U.K?Close the hotel .....	
Aug 31 2008 	Bed Bugs in bed.Left hotel at 1am in the morning!!	We stayed at this hotel last night as it seemed to be the nearest and cheapest hotel to the Olympia Grand Hall. What a mistake!The hotel is dirty, old fashioned and the service is awful. I stayed in better hotels in other countries!!!Things that were wrong with the hotel:1) Damp in the room and ceiling (See photo)2) Only channel 5 on the TV3) Fire door in room had a paddlock on and there were no other fire escape (See photo)4) Catch on window was broken which meant our room was at risk whilst out5) Room was yards away from main road so constant traffic noise6) Dirty bed linen and quilt (See photo)7) Towels are damp and a dirty grey colour8) Dirty sheets stored in basement hallway9) Carpet in room was off cuts and very dusty10) Plastic cups in room were dustyFinally, woke up at 12 to find bed bugs in bed (see photo)After deciding to leave and drive back to Birmingham at 1am we complained to the staff member on site only to be told that he had only started that week and he didn't have the authority to refund our money. He spent the next 10 minutes on the phone to who we think was the manager but refused for us to speak to him directly as &quot;He was in a deep sleep&quot;. Needless to say we left at 1am with the agreement that they will be refunding our payment first thing this morning.Please save your money by booking elsewhere. There plently of hotels on the same road that must be better than this place!! The Hilton Olympia is near to the Grand Hall so I would book there in future.We are going to report this hotel as it simply does not mean the basic health and hygiene standards in the UK. If you are still not convinced, check the photos attached out. The hotel is very misleading.	
Aug 5 2008 	Absolutely Horrific	Just returned from London on business. I have never experienced such a nightmare establishment in my life. Have been to London many times before but have never seen anything like this. This place is dirty in every sense of the word. Definitely not a place I would bring a family. The staff were rude, the owner was inconsiderate (Mr. Soroya), and the place was just a dump. The only thing this place has going is it's location. But I would stay 100 miles out of London just to avoid this place. Save yourself. You'll catch some sort of disease from this place.	
Jun 26 2008 	You get what you pay for in life...	This hotel is close to Earls Court Tube Station (2 streets away) and cheap. However, Don't be fooled by the charm of Earls Court Square into thinking you have booked a great room for a great price. The hotel needs a lot of attention and as you approach the property, the colour of the net curtains gives you an appetiser of what is in store. I had been allocated a room in the basement which was small for a double but had an ensuite. The room was basic but clean (apart from the curtains which looked like they had never seen water) I was unable to keep the window open which was a bit of an issue as it was a hot day. There was no plug in the handbasin and i would suggest taking an extra towel or two as you are provided with only one per person (no hand towel or bathmat). Being on -1 meant all traffic noise was fully audible as well as people passing by the window, needless to say the main road location didnt help me get a good nights rest.I wouldn't recommend booking this hotel if your trip is a special one or if you are a female travelling alone.	
Apr 22 2008	The Worst Experience I Ever Had	This is the worse experience I have ever had. My friend and I stayed there for 3 days and 2 nights and would never want to recommend this to anyone. The room is so small that we could not move around the twin room they have us in. The service was the worst. For example, we asked them where China Town is and the reply was &quot;Oh you have a map yeah? Maybe you can look it up.&quot; Not only that, they literally called me a liar when I tried to let them be aware that I got their phone number off the website when I googled for the hotel and it was a wrong one. Breakfast was just cereal and toast (I had better breakfast at a B&amp;B instead of what so call a &quot;3 star hotel&quot;. We did not have a good night sleep because the cars on the street are so loud. They did not offer any service with our luggage either. When they said that they have pay phone available, do not believe them! Save yourself the frustration and the money, go somewhere else!!!!!!	
Apr 21 2008 	For that price one of the best in London	I don't know what all those people here are complaining about. For that price, it is a fine hotel. I stayed in many hotels in London, but this was the best in this price range. Room was clean and well furnished (two beds, a bedside table, a tv-table with four drawers and a closet with space to hang stuff and two drawers). The beds even had duvets, rather unique in this price range in London I should say. Bathroom was small, but clean and conveniently equipped - a shower cabin with thermostically controlled tap, a wash basin with idem tap and a toilet. Usually, British hotels haf wash basins with two taps - this is much better. Clean towels every day and daily maid service. Breakfast is basic, but good. Typically British - toast, jam, cereals, orange juice (juice and not dirty squash!) and coffee / tea. Okay, the breakfast room is a bit small, but it is cosy and if there isn't enough room, just wait for a few minutes. It isn't as if you have to wait for hours. Hotel conveniently close to tube station - two minute walk. Because it is located on Warwick Road, you don't have the noise of the passing trains! So a nice and quiet stay. TESCO is also close by and during the week it is opened 24 hours a day. Only minor point of the whole hotel is that it is rather warm. At least, it was in April. But well, we opened a window before we went to sleep and it was fine.	
Feb 16 2008 	small crap smelly and dirty	Please don't make my mistake, do not EVER think to go in this hotel, don't get attracted by the price.  The room is incredibly small, little bigger then the bed itself. The smell in the room was unbelievable, it wasn't possible to sleep because of the smell. The curtains were horrible and dirty, the furniture was broken, dust everywhere, holes in the wall.No housekeeping or cleaning for 3 days, the personnel in the reception was unpleasant and mute.This hotel made my trip a nightmare, please go to a youth hostel if you want something cheap, but never ever in this hotel.	
Jan 8 2008	Ambivalent	The location isn't as bad as some have commented. We actually found the location to be very convenient. We would catch one of the frequent buses to the Kensington High Street station, which would only take a few minutes. Btw, my husband and I are good walkers and the Kensington High Street Station could not be considered within walking distance of the hotel. This is a matter of opinion, obviously. We were doing tremendous amounts of walking during our touring throughout the day and the last thing we felt like doing was walking down a crowded sidewalk for over one mile to and from the tube station. The Olympia station is close by, of course, but we only used this on the day of arrival from the airport b/c of lack of frequent service at this particular station. We enjoyed using the Kensington High St. Station because we shopped at the adjacent Marks and Spencer food hall for many of our dinners and the affordable Pret a Manger and Cornish Pasty shops were located within the station. The public spaces were attractive and well-maintained. The room seemed fairly clean and it was decent-sized. The housekeeper or previous tenant had clogged the sink drain with something and it was only fixed on the third day of our stay. So for the first two days we dealt with a very slow drain and the gross sight of things caught in the drain. The carpet wasn't all that clean because I would get things on my socks when I walked around on it. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't up to my standards (which I admit are very high when it comes to cleanliness).They gave you a couple of small packets of Walker's shortbread each day, which I thought was a nice touch.There wasn't hot water one morning which wasn't the end of the world for me b/c I had showered the night before but my husband had to take a cold shower. Housekeeping left a note offering to deduct 10% (if I remember correctly) off our room and apologizing for the inconvenience. Evidently it had been a hotel-wide problem, because we hadn't called to complain. I thought this was a very nice and pro-active way to handle the situation. Haven't ever seen such customer-oriented behavior in the U.S. in similar situations. However, I must warn people that the showers were pretty miserable at all times: the water would constantly run from cold to hot. The fixtures were Hans Grohe but obviously the mixers weren't doing a very good job. Or perhaps there was another problem with the plumbing?Our heater didn't work. It was pretty cold in London this time of year. We dealt with it by taking a hot shower every morning and that warmed us up enough for the day. The morning we didn't have hot water was a challenge. Ha ha. To be fair, we didn't bother reporting the heater problem to anyone because we didn't want to fool with having anyone come to our room and fix it. We were only there for four nights. Plus, this is one of the advantages of going through Priceline. We got the room for a good rate so we weren't going to sweat the problems, unless something major had come up.This hotel offered good value to us and a great location. There were problems but, then again, we got a good deal considering the exchange rate.	
Dec 17 2007 	Wost Hotel Ever!	This is quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I've been to some stinkers. The first problem with the hotel is that they &quot;lost&quot; my booking, claiming I had phoned to cancel the room when I definitely had not, since I was seeing a concert at the neighbouring Earls Court and would have no way of getting home after the show. They still checked us in, but now I wish they hadn't. Next was the tiny room. No larger than the double bed itself, when one person stood up, the other person had to get on the bed or go into the bathroom. You can't get two people in the room very easily. Once returning from the show we then faced a sleepless night on a very uncomfortable bed with a single thin pillow, uncontrollable heating that got too hot...even in winter and a variety of noises from outside ranging from Police Sirens to drunk idiots. I know the hotel cannot control these noises, but they could invest in some double-glazing at least! Then came noisy check-in at 5am, followed by loud dance music from the next room at 7am. Breakfast was nothing to be desired. The website claims continental breakfast, but the only thing continental is the people serving it. 1 bowl of cornflakes and a slice of toast. Hardly continental! I advise you stay well clear of this hotel and try to get into the Ibis 500yrs up the road. Worth nowhere near the £60 per night they charged.	
Aug 8 2007 	OH MY GOSH... don't go there... DEAD MOUSE...	I have discovered TripAdvisor not long ago, that's why I am writing my review today, after 2 years... Obviously I will never forget this hotel. The location is good, I have been there for only (luckily) two nights... Outside it was not so bad, when we arrived inside we were not happy because of the cold warm we have been given... inside the hotel was very old, without lift and we had to carry it on our own... but... the best is yet to come.We went in the room, look around and there was a DEAD MOUSE on the floor! Shocked, we went to the manager. He was very calm, not shocked at all, he simply gave us another key for another room. The room was small, without a double-bed, it was only a bigger single bed, the forniture was awful and we couldn't sleep because of the shock of the mouse and of the noise.Really... I am still wondering how could I have been there for 2 nights!!!Please, listen to me, no matter the price, don't go there!!!	
Jun 12 2007 	Hated this hotel	I definitely would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. I stayed there for two nights and will not do so again. The room was small with a hard bed and only one flat pillow that gave my head no support whatsoever. I asked for more pillows but they never materialized. The obviously recently installed en-suite bathroom was nicely decorated with a good shower but, again, was very small. The TV did not work properly, the kettle did not work at all and I was in a basement room right next to a very busy Warwick Road with the noise of passing traffic ringing in my ears all night long! The curtains were grubby and the whole thing was shabby and not worth the money I paid for it. Finally breakfast was limited to just a glass of orange juice, cornflakes, which had already been poured out into the dishes - hence had lost their crispness,.Toast and marmalade (no jam) and a cup of tea or coffee. Take my advice if you are thinking of staying here: find another hotel!!!	
May 22 2007 	Don't stay here!	Just back from a stay at the hotel olympia or should i say jailhouse olympia! the rooms were clean but small with horrible curtains and carpets. Bars were outside the window so we couldn't open it. There was no option for breakfast except cornflakes and toast with only marmalade and butter, no jam!i would def pay the money to stay somewhere nicer because luxurious it ain't!	
Mar 12 2007 	Worst hotel ever!!!	This is the worst hotel ever. I booked direct and got very deceived by their photos. The check in was terrible and my room was disgusting. The floor was very damp and was very small. I wouldn't let my dog sleep here!!!	
Feb 14 2007 	Great - if you love ANIMALS!	I went to London a couple of times an stayed in hostels and various hotels - I've already had cheaper but a lot better hotels. I know that the rooms in London are tiny - that's no problem for me since I only want to sleep and not dance in my room. But that's exactly the problem.I booked via a website which gives you a discount on the room rate and I think that was the reason why on arrival the mute staff handed me over the key &quot;B2&quot; - never ever accept that one! It's not only basement but also straight onto the street - the cars go by at the height of your head - you can never ever open a window!I immediately went back up and requested another room, the staff said I could change the next day but since I did not accept that I was given another room on the first floor - it had less traffic but there was a flatmate we weren't aware of. There was a mouse in the room which came out at night and ate our food and made so much noise (looking for food in our plastic bags) that I was unable to sleep. The hotel staff were well aware of the mouse cause on the next morning I discovered rat poison and mouse traps in every corner of the room! This is a DISGRACE.The breakfast was also a shame - a bowl of cornflakes which we did not like, some toast, butter and a tiny glass of orange juice - you did not get a second one.The rooms were newly refurbished, but the windows let the wind through even when they were shut, the curtains were not white but GREY, they should be washed once in a while. The staff was unfriendly if not mute when checking in and when checking out we did not any reaction, not even a &quot;good bye&quot;.I would never go there again, I would not recommend this hotel unless you check before you move in if there are mousetraps in your room.I could well do with old wallpapers and oldfashioned furniture for a good night of sleep and full English breakfast as you do get in other hotels for less money.	
Dec 13 2006 	Deluxe my eye	Having been told of the two rooms I had booked they only knew of 1 what a start, should have know straight away this hotel was a BIG mistake, as in mistake only not Big. The rooms are Tiny - the deluxe double is little more than a queen size if that, and to advertise as deluxe is a joke, they are the complete opposite. Breakfast was an experience, wet table from being rained in on, and then being offered cornflakes, already pored out I might add, to chepo bread for the toast (bulk buy from costsco maybe - and that is not being fair on costco)- what a delight - NOT	
Oct 17 2006 	Don't bother	At least the room was clean and the bathroom newly tiled... but luckily I was alone - even though it was called a &quot;double&quot; there was just enough room for a *small* double bed, and no space for any luggage. Forget about a bedside table as the bed was in an alcove - great for the alarm clock and water. The tea bags were dusty - not even wrapped - and the plastic cups get a bit soft when you pour hot water in... No idea what the breakfast is like as you can only get it between 8am and 9am, which isn't practical if you have to leave earlier.Oh, and take your own curtain for the bathroom window - there wasn't one. Nice view from the shower, but that goes both ways!And don't ask reception for directions - they didn't even know how to get to a nearby tube station. Look on the bus shelter nearby - there's a map.	
Jun 14 2006	Stay away......beware	Do not go near this hotel. You can't swing a cat in the rooms. Its dingy, dirty, under resourced. No dining room. What a kip. stay away..........stay awayWord of warning.......stay away	
Nov 24 2009 	Chinches		
Oct 18 2009 	Bettwanzen!!!!!!!!		
Sep 5 2009 	Natascha Kampusch		
Aug 19 2009 	Chinches en la cama		
Aug 18 2009 	assolutamente da EVITARE		
May 7 2009 	Da non ripetere. Vedere la stanza prima di pagare...		
May 7 2009 	improponibile		
Nov 11 2008 	le strict minimum et encore		
Jul 3 2008 	Hotel economico perfetto per ragazzi		
May 13 2008 	Never more		
Apr 29 2008 	Un hotel senza troppe pretese...esperienza + che positiva!		
