	fab	Was on a short biz trip to london and Stayed here for one night, great location next to marble arch, very high standard for a small hotel. There was a sign which read that the hotel won a award from the aa, can see why and will stay here agains...	
Nov 20 2009	Clean and Accomodating but HOT!	It was warmer than usual in London for the time of year and the hotel staff didn't seem to consider that when setting the temperature in the hotel. Rooms came with either an AC unit or a fan and we had a room with a fan. It did little to relieve the stuffiness and heat in the room and the rest of the hotel was just as warm. I'm sure in the winter it was quite comfortable. The room was very clean, the staff was friendly and helpful... the only real complaint was the heat and the fact that there was no lift... luckily we were only on the second floor and not the fourth! And to anyone considering storing your bags for a little extra site seeing before leaving for the airport, they store them in the hotel lobby - not in any type of secure area. They say the desk is manned 24 hours but we had to go looking for the staff on one ocassion. 	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent hotel - Fantastic location	What a lovely hotel, very nice room, freindly helpful staff, great location, breakfast was every thing you would want. Tip go the restaurant called, The canteen for a meal, near to hotel. Splendid food.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great except for the stairs	We found the St George to be a wonderful little gem, except for not having an elevator (our rooms were on the 4th &amp; 5th floors -tight winding staircase). Staff was helpful, immediately offering to carry bags up to rooms, book London Eye tickets, give directions. It has a nice little conservatory with a flat screen tv and computer, which was great for the teenager in our group. Ten minute walk to Baker St station, the hop on/off bus goes right by the door. Breakfast was typical London continental.Just make sure to ask for a room at the back of the hotel, traffic on Gloucester is noisy overnight. At the back we didn't hear a thing. Room was clean, comfortable, with a rather nice ensuite bathroom. Also price was very good for location.	
May 25 2009 	Overpriced and Underwhelming	From the confusing map to the Tesco-value inspired &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, this was a very disappointing experience. We were told that our room would be &quot; double ensuite&quot;, but in fact we were given a room with a shared bathroom, which was in the basement, hardly the lap of luxury. The hot water is temperamental and the shower was like standing under a fine drizzle. The staff were rather disinterested and not what I would expect from a &quot;four star AA&quot; rated hotel. I can only assume that the AA inspector caught the staff on a good day, was given the best room in the hotel, and was given a breakfast that no other customer could get from the self-service bar. Avoid this unless you enjoy staying in overpriced tourist traps.	
May 4 2009 	Great bargain!	My husband and I stayed in May 2009 for a week. We got a great package deal with airfare from Expedia. The room was about $110 dollars per night, which is great in London. The hotel is an eight minute walk in either direction to two different subway (tube) stops and the bus stop is right ouside the hotel. The tube stops are: Marble Arch and Baker st. We bought the one week subway pass which was invaluable. It is a short distance by tube to all the action in London. Great restaurants are in the area of the hotel as are coffee places and groceries. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. We had a king bed and a newly remodeled tile bathroom. There is no a/c but we did not need it. We were on the third floor, and there is no elevator; but we are fit, so it was no problem. The staff is nice and there is internet in the solarium. The continental breakfast which was included in the price was great.All in all, it is a great hotel for fit people on a budget. If you have a slightly bigger budget, stay at the Fleming near Green Park.	
Jan 19 2009 	Perfect for one night in the Big City	It was my Girlfriends birthday and our 1 year anniversary so I took her to London for a weekend - we needed somewhere to stay that was near to oxford street and found this place. I have to admit away from all the huge multiroomed chains of hotels, this little hotel was spot on. We had a room that was facing the main road but it was quiet and comfortable. The only negative things were the room was far too hot (and in december thats kinda weird) and we could occasionally hear the staff on reception (we were in room number one!) But other than that - for a hotel that is smack bang in the city - I was suitably impressed.	
Mar 5 2008 	Room the size of a closet. Forced me and my girlfriend to leave our 3rd night!	First, the room was TINY (Please see picture attached). I'm estimating that the room was about 4x8 feet (not including the bathroom).Here's what happened to my and my girlfriend:On the third evening of our stay we arrived back at the hotel to find that our room was not serviced (bed was unmade, towel was not replaced, etc.). We called the hotel front desk notifying them of the situation. The owner answered the phone and informed us that we could not have 2 people staying in the room (we didn't know this at the time; the owner was apparently watching us on their closed-circuit TV system). He also said no one was available to bring us a clean towel. My girlfriend agreed to go downstairs and obtain a towel from the front desk in person. When she arrived, the owner then refused to give us a clean towel and demanded that we pay the difference between a 1-person and 2-person room for all three nights of our stay, which amounted to over £75 in ADDITIONAL fees. My girlfriend and I apologized over the confusion, and agreed that we should pay the room difference for the last night (2/22), but we were unwilling to pay the difference for first 2 nights since we did not stay in a 2-person room the first 2 nights and also didn't receive additional services (for example, and extra/larger bed, additional towels, extra allotment for breakfast, etc.). The owner disagreed and would not accommodate.The owner wouldn't let us stay the night unless we paid the extra £75. Since we thought it was completely unreasonable to pay more than the difference for the third night, we were forced to leave the hotel at 12am in the morning.Luckily we were able to find another hotel a few blocks away.Right now we are trying to get a refund of the last night of the stay, since the travel agency responsible for our booking was unable to resolve the situation that evening.To be fair, the hotel was fairly clean. The bed was pretty bad though (was too old, needed to be replaced). The bathroom was small, but nice. The shower had good pressure.	
Oct 30 2007 	A bit small and disappointing for the price	Located ideally for best walking tours, I booked this for a triple en suite expecting good if not exceptional accommodations. We found our triple room to be extremely cramped, located on the first floor next to the front desk, so we heard all the hallway traffic/conversations as well as the traffic outside. The hotel conservatory is about eight feet wide and tiny. The room itself had a king size bed with a twin crammed next to it; the bathroom was not as disappointing but the shower which was fairly powerful, leaked out onto the floor next to the toilet. The most bothersome was the lack of lighting in the room; as if they had converted a former office to an en suite. Would we return here? No. Would we recommend it? Only if you had to stay and you wanted the location more than anything else. Save your money and stay closer to Hyde Park.	
Sep 14 2007 	stairway to heaven	The hotel is clean and the staff friendly.Fire regulations wont allow irons in rooms so have to iron in the dining room down in the basement.We had the double room at the top of the building which includedclimbing 65 windy stairs.Builders are in a few doors down and they start work pretty early, so can be fairly noisy .I would return to this hotel but I would have a lower floor room and be on the back of the building.The building it self is very quiet.The room was an okay size	
Sep 7 2007	Good Base for Oxford Street Shopping	My Mum and I recently booked a delux twin room for 1 night and were pleasantly surprised how clean and comfortable this small hotel was. The room was a little stuffy, but otherwise it was tastefully decorated and well maintained.Continental breakfast - while the choice may be a little limited for some, there was plenty to eat and we were more than happy with what was on offer.The hotel is a short walk from from the main department stores on Oxford Street and is also relatively close to the Palladium Theatre for those who want to take in a show.If you are looking for a small comfortable basic hotel in central London; this is a good choice.	
Jun 17 2007 	Really impressed!	My boyfriend and i went to london for a few days last week and it was fantastic! I must have spent days checking out possible hotels and comparing them on this site and in the end i just rang up and asked for a room. we got a delux double for £99 a night which is not bad at all considering the location! its just off marylebone road but take the baker street station-its much closer. It was about a 5 minute walk to the hotel from the station and we were 2hours early but only had to wait 5 mins for our room. The staff were so nice and the room itself was immaculate. Its definately not 4 star but its pretty damn good for london and for the money and the breakfast was decent enough (although the fry was a ridiculous price so we stuck to our free continental!). You're best to check the prices online then ring them directly, we got £20 off each night. If you're planning on a nosey around i wouldnt bother with the london eye-expensive and boring but the london dungeon was fabulous as was madame tussauds. buy the big ticket for the two, it will save you a lot of money!	
May 5 2006	Good enough you can do better	The room was clean and comfortable, the bathroom was a decent size although the shower-only was a bit tight, water pressure and temperature were good. So there's nothing really wrong with the St. George, but there are better options available for the price. The location, roughly midway between Oxford St. and Marylebone St., is convenient, but not so much more convenient than the numerous hotels in Bayswater/Paddington to be worth extra. The building is a converted townhouse and has only one small common area; there's no real lobby, no bar, no room service, etc.The breakfast room is the smallest I've seen, and I found the included buffet lacking. Don't pay the extra 5 pounds for the full English breakfast, there are numerous places a block away on Baker St. that do better for the same amount. The St. George charges a 3% &quot;processing fee&quot; if you pay with a credit card, which I found irksome enough in and of itself to not go back.	
Mar 7 2006	Excellent	I did a lot of research before booking into this hotel with my girlfriend for one night in December. I have to say, the research paid off. First of all, the location is superb, less than 5 mins walk from Oxford St, and within walking distance of the theatre district. The hotel itself has obviously been recently renovated, is very smart, impeccably clean, and generally a real pleasure to stay in. I booked a standard room direct through the hotel, and the price I paid was amongst the best I'd seen from the many other hotels I'd looked at. All in all, very good value for money and very highly recommended.	
Jul 13 2005	Saint George Hotel excellent	Just returned from a trip to this hotel. Must say the hotel was excellent. The room was spotless, and well kept. The hotel in general is also spotless. The hotel is 10 min walk from Oxford Street, 5 Min walk Baker Street.I would stay here again.However one thing to note is that room number 14 does not have an en-suit bathroom, it is on the floor above, and is however only for the use of room 14. Also room 15 is not en-suit either but it is next to room 15.The hotel is not recomended for someone who is less able due the stairs.	
Jul 9 2005	Pass on this hotel	Take a pass on this hotel. We had a triple room that smelled like sewage the whole time. The beds were the worst! All of our beds had springs sticking into our backs. The blankets were filthy and old. Breakfast was very average, as was the location. The gentelmen at the front desk was excellent, though!	
Feb 14 2009 	????????????…		
Apr 1 2008 	bon hotel londonien		
