Nov 21 2009 	NOT recomending!	I am afraid I am going to disagree, on many points, with the last 2 reviews. First of all I would like to point out this is a Georgian Town House not a Victorian Town House as previously stated.THE NEGITIVE POINTS: - My main complaints are about our room. Our bedroom [room 9 on the 4th floor] had to be the most depressing room I have ever had the misfortune of paying £120.00 a night for!The wallpaper was hanging off the walls and the ceiling was adorned with, once white, polystyrene tiles; I wonder if Mr Alam knows how big a fire hazard these things are? And speaking of fire hazards, the isolator cord switch for the shower was wired back to front. My husband, who is an electrician, only discovered this by accident! The bedroom door only locked with the key, which was so loose that it kept falling out of the keyhole every time you went to turn it: I would hate to think what could happen if there was a fire! There were mirrors everywhere; probably to compensate for the fact that this double room measured approx 10ft x 16ft and that included the en-suite! All the furniture in the room was really cheap and tacky and had seen better days. I could not find any tea/coffee making facilities; on there web site it states these are available in every room.The enamel bath had large chips in it. The blue and white shower curtain, which I think hasn’t been replaced since the room was decorated in the 80’s, was a disgusting yellow colour at the bottom. [see pic]. The sliding door to the en-suite didn’t slide [until my husband fixed it].Another couple staying on the same floor as us were so appalled by their room they did not stay another night, leaving 1st thing in the morning to seek alternative accommodation! The room where you register was the only room that I saw decorated with any sort of authenticity, with it’s beautifully wood panelled walls…..but then, there was that poster sized, ‘flee market’, print of ‘Blondie’ in the middle of the wall!On the Hotel’s web site they state that the hotel décor is “Heavily influenced” by the &quot;golden twenties&quot; I did not see any evidence of this….. Did they have sticky-baked-plastic in the Georgian period or indeed the &quot;golden twenties&quot;? [see pic].If I had friends coming to stay with me and this was the state of my guestroom I would be embarrassed. Breakfast was included in the price. This consisted of a glass of fresh orange juice, 1 and only 1 rasher of bacon and some scrambled egg, 2 slices of toast with the choice of either marmalade or jam and coffer or tea.THE POSITIVE POINTS - there are only a couple, but nonetheless important: - The bed was very comfortable, sheets were good quality cotton and laundry was spotless. The staff were friendly and polite [though some a little more exocentric than others; but what the heck, we’re in England!].	
Sep 7 2009 	Perfect location In the Queen's neighborhood	Here in the US we take the supply of quad rooms for granted but there is a dearth of them in the UK and the rest of Europe. The Ormonde House is a happy exception. Mr Alam, the proprietor, showed us the ropes personally when we got there. Even though our flight arrived in the early morning hours they happily stored our bags, offered us refreshments and pointed us to the bus stops and gave us lots of pointers. The Ormonde House is situated in an ideal location, a 10 minute walk to Victoria station and also to Buckingham Palace. Probably a 20 minute walk to Westminster Abbey, The London Eye, and Parliament. It is also close to bus stops and the Tube. Ormonde House also has a lift for those in need of one.Sylvie, who is on staff there, served us a delightful breakfast consisting of eggs, bacon, tea, and toast with an assortment of marmalades and jams every morning. All of this served with lovely china and the local paper. And breakfast is included in the price of the room! Our room was large, airy, and meticulously cleaned every day, even after one of my three children broke a picture. One day, while speaking with Mr. Alam, he inquired into our plans for the day. When we told him we were going to Buckingham Palace, his eyes twinkled and he told us he had a surprise for us. He left and then quickly returned with his straw hat and his car keys and drove us personally in his Bentley to the Palace. He also told us delightful and intriguing stories about the house and how the queen herself came there to have part of her wedding trousseau made by Mr. Alam's aunt. He isan excellent host!The Ormonde House is comfortable, clean, and an excellent value. I highly recommend it!	
Aug 10 2007 	Like Staying in a Victorian House	As the first reviewer for this small hotel in London, I am going to take time to discuss it at some length.My wife and I found Ormonde House on a trip to London in 1984, when our hotel was overbooked and referred us to Ormonde House. At that time, we were on a tight budget, and had a great experience at Ormonde House. We recently returned to London for four nights with our 4 daughters, ages 9-16, and decided to try and recapture the past by staying at Ormonde House. It is an interesting hotel, and I partially believe that they don't want to be found. The guests are often people who have a past connection with the hotel, or referrals from nearby foreign embassies. I only saw 1 other guest during our recent stay. They do have a website, but the email address shown on the website is incorrect (the correct one is [--]). I booked by phone.I am giving the hotel an Excellent rating, but this is in the context of value, since our quad room cost 160 pounds, and our triple room cost 140 pounds, including breakfast, which are great rates for large rooms in London. Ormonde House does not pretend to be a 5-star hotel. There is no air conditioning, no internet terminals, no shampoos and bath gels, no slippers by the bed, etc. The experience here is that of living in a fashionable, residential neighborhood, which has not changed significantly in decades. Their own mission statement says &quot;We jealously preserve its Victorian character&quot;, and that is truly the case. The room keys are even in 1800's-shape and work fine.There are few other hotels in this location of London, just SW of Eaton Square and an easy walk from the Sloane Square Underground station. Our family likes walking, and had no trouble making the 1-mile walk to Harrods or the slightly shorter walk to Buckingham Palace. We even walked all the way from Westminster Abbey to the hotel, which was over 2 miles. The Underground station is on the Circle and District lines which are good for reaching most of the major sightseeing places with no more than 1 connection.The rooms at Ormonde House differ significantly from each other, so you need to be very clear in asking about the bedroom and bathroom sizes when exploring a booking. In 1984, my wife and I had a small but plush, rear-facing bedroom with a canopy bed and large bathroom, which worked great for us as a young couple. This time we got a &quot;quad&quot; room for the kids with 4 twin beds; it was a very large room with a ton of closet space and a large bathroom. The room that my wife and I got was a large, street-facing room, but the bathroom was a converted closet which could not have measured more than 5' by 6' in size; we got by with the bathroom, but should have chosen that room more wisely. There are a few rooms at Ormonde House which require using a hallway bathroom so, again, book carefully. The beds and pillows (feather pillows, I believe) were comfortable. Breakfast is served in a gorgeous Victorian dining room at a single large table, which seats 8-10 people, and hot food is delivered via a dumb waiter which rises out of the floor. The breakfast is continental, but bacon and eggs are available by request. The table is beautifully set with china and silver. As we remembered from 23 years ago, the coffee and tea served was perfect in taste and temperature every morning and made us wonder if we could go back to Starbucks. There is only a small staff at Ormonde House. When we were there in 1984, the proprietor was an elderly French woman, who passed away shortly after our stay there, and there was only one assistant. The current proprietor, Mr. Alam, was away during our recent stay, so we did not meet him. The house was run in his absence by a young Polish woman named Monika, who was extremely attentive to our needs and a pleasure to speak with.I hope that others review this hotel, as I am very curious to see their opinions. We often stay at 5-star hotels while on vacation and enjoy the pampering while paying a high price. That's not what Ormonde House is about, but it is definitely worth considering if you want to achieve the feel of living in Victorian surroundings for a while.	
