Nov 21 2009	Good Location	closed to bayswater underground. easy to find halal food.	
Nov 21 2009 	Quick Overview	Location is good, but transportation with underground from Victoria station is not so fast. Room is not very small, but there is not enough free space for two people. Bathroom is extreme cold and tiny. Stuff are Ok. 	
Nov 15 2009 	good location but not recommended	The location is very good being only 5 min walk from 2 tubes and 10 min into the city centre....... unfortunately thats the only good thing about it, the rooms are very dated and ridiculously small, the bathroom in particular where its a struggle to even fit into the shower, the wash basin isn't big enough to wash your hands and when brushing your teeth you basically have to leave the door open in order to fit in. The whole place feels very closterphobic, with tiny lifts and seriously narrow corridors, even in the middle of november and with the window open fully all day and night the room was still sickeningly hot, as for the hotel services the breakfast was only ok and even though its included in the price of the room hot breakfast's are extra. We stayed for 3 nights but our room was only serviced/cleaned on the last evening only because we had requested it to be done...... twice. Overall i would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location small rooms	The location was great. We could walk to the tube in less than 2 minutes. There were plenty of small stores, gift shops, restaurants, pubs, and fast food places just around the corner. The price was very affordable too. The rooms were very small though. The hallways were tight and only 2 people could fit in the lift. The lift didn't always work either. I got lost using the stairs. The hotel seems to be a bunch of old row houses put together. It is like a little maze. Our first room had a shower that I could not fit in. It was very uncomfortable. I asked to have my room changed and the new room was much better. Also, the toilets didn't flush that well. I asked the manager if they could have some vegan food available for us in the restaurant for breakfast. He said that he would. The first morning they had nothing but toast. We asked him again later that day and he said they would have soy milk for us the next morning and that the fruit they provided was vegan. The next morning came and they had no soy milk. The fruit looked like it came out of a can. I think the price for the breakfast is not worth it anyway. Go out for breakfast. You'll do better. Also, there is a great panini shop around the corner. Get an iced tea there. It is the only place that seems to have them.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Value for money!! Staying again next year!!	We stayed here for two nights at the start of the trip and couldnt believe the location, wow its amazing its a short walk to the tube, parks,and internet access. We found the serivce accommodating, and helpful. The hall ways are a little narrow and long, but the rooms are newly renovated( ours was). The room was clean, comfortable, and the bathroom was lovely!. There was a litlle noise outside in the evening, but when u have been travelling for ages you become quite exhusted quickly and dont notice it!. Breakfast was amazing so much food, its a great start to the day!!!We are staying here again next year! we really loved it!	
Aug 25 2009 	It does the job - but don't expect anything else!	Travelling with two friends our choice of hotel seemed limited to find a triple room in London around the Bayswater area. However this room seemed to fit the bill and cheap enough between us for £106 room only.The tiniest lift you've ever seen - fits only 2 people at a squeeze, not for the claustrophobic! However, our room on the 5th floor was a good size and the room was clean and tidy. We had trouble with the airconditioning but the hotel sorted this for us, otherwise would have been very warm up there overlooking the rooftops! Also couldn't get the TV to work but we chatted so much it didn't matter to us, had trouble with the shower - it appeared that the taps on the wall worked in a strange fashion and you needed brute force to get them either on or off.Having said all of that it was pleasant. Nothing luxurious but then that's not what we paid for either.Very close to the tube station and not far from the main road to catch a cab - btw - DO NOT GET THE HOTEL TO CALL YOU A CAB!! WE ASKED FOR ONE TO TAKE US TO NEARBY KENSINGTON FOR A FIXED PRICE OF £18, IT ONLY COST £7 BY BLACK CAB!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Location!!	Hotel was literally feet away from two tubes stop makin getting around the city a breeze. Very easy to get to from Heathrow. Heathrow express goes straight to Paddington station and then its only one stop to bayswater tube stop which is a block from the Hotel. Plenty of shopping and restaurants VERY close by. Rooms were small but to be expected in european hotels. Isn't terribly nice inside but was clean and a perfect place to rest your head and leave your stuff in safety. The staff was very helpful and friendly and even let us use thier front desk computer to check our email about a tour booking. The manager even called the tour company to confirm our booking for us. Also staff was quick to help with any needs including printing maps and directions for us. The people who said the staff were unfriendly must not have been friendly themselves because we felt the staff went above and beyond to help us. Overall, great place for people on a budget and who dont plan on spending tons of time in a room on vacation!	
Aug 11 2009 	We didn't sleep all night : one of the most noisy and uncomfortable hotel.	We had booked this hotel expecting a good night sleep in what had appeared to be a nice and comfortable hotel for a reasonable price.Unfortunately, the Berjaya hotel didn't live up to our expectations AT ALL.First, our hotel room for three was located in front of the lift.... imagine the noise of the squeeky doors opening and closing until late at the night.Then, our room overlooked a sort of basement so that the air was extremely stuffy even with the window ajar... Last but not least, our room was right next to the air conditionning machinery : again, very noisy. The worst thing, WE DIDN'T BENEFIT from the air conditionning.In a word, try and sleep at the Berjaya hotel in a hot, stuffy, noisy and quite narrow room for 126 pounds!!! Really not worth it.On top of that, our legitimate complaints were very coldly received by unpeasant staff.	
Jul 27 2009 	Worn out Hotel but great location and reasonable price	Stayed for two nights at this hotel. Was thrilled with the location as it was literally minutes from two tube stations making getting around London very easy. Lots of nice restaurants and cafes within steps of the hotel. The hotel itself is nothing to write home about. The outside of the hotel is very pleasant but the rooms do not reflect the same. We stayed with our 4 kids - two teenagers, two younger - with two hotel rooms. They kindly upgraded us free of charge upon arrival and thank goodness they did because the 'suite room' we were given was just a larger size regular room. Our teenage boys rooms was very small and stinking of smoke but we didn't want to move their room as they were located near our room on the same floor. The rooms were tidy but also smelled damp. Bathrooms were clean. DO NOT EAT THE BREAKFAST - total rip off and lousy. go to the small italian cafe attached to the back of the hotel for a great and reasonable breakfast. Overall, I would stay at this hotel for the convenient location and reasonable cost if you are just needing a place to put your head for the night. If you are looking for something special or to spend more time in your room then don't recommend to stay here.	
Jul 20 2009 	good location nice room	gd location, near 2 tube lines. room i got was new and nice. got free upgrade to superior room. downside was that it has no a/c and cld get warm at nite during summer.. opening the windows don't help much too..another downside was dat it was noisy at nite coz there is a bar below and i was woken up a few times coz of high revving vehicles. my check-out receptionists weren't friendly too..no &quot;thank-you&quot; or &quot;see you again&quot; from her.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent value for money	You can literally fall out of Bayswater tube station into this hotel it is so close. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a superior room as ours was still being cleaned. Room was very nice and plenty of room for the two of us. Bathroom was clean and tidy and the shower was really big. We saw the standard rooms as well and I can see why people moan about them. We have booked the superior room again for a few weeks time at just 83GBP per night. Really nothing to complain about at all at those prices.	
May 29 2009 	Very small basement room with water pipes that drained all night	I was given a single room in the basement. My window opened onto an alleyway. Although October, it was still rather warm in London, and there was no air conditioning, and I was fearful to leave my window open during the night. One night, the water drain pipes in the wall at the head of my bed ran water most of the night. Not even the ipod could drown out the sound! It took 5 minutes to get from the front door to my room, taking the elevator, then through a maze of very narrow hallways, and up and down stairs in the halls. I will not stay in this hotel again. Staff was friendly, though.	
May 2 2009 	Clean and well located - that's all	The hotel was clean and in prety good decorative order. It is very well situated within 50 yards of Bayswater Undergorund and 100 yards of Queensway underground. Their rack rates look horrendous but Internet prices seem just about ok for what you get. The staff seemed friendly enough and efficient. The room was tiny with a tiny shower room - no bath. How two people could fit into this double room I have no idea. The room, like, I think, very many of the hotel's rooms, was at basement level (with a rather insecure window into an area) and reached by a labarynthine series of steps, doors and corridors - luckily, on arrival you get a guide. The room was quiet until anyone in an adjoing room talked loudly or flushed the lavatory. The hot water was only luke warm and the radiator was stone cold. I did not try room service or the restaurant - there didn't seem much point with a cosmopolitan array of eateries just 50 yards away on Queensway.	
Mar 24 2009 	Walls made of paper	The foyer is deceptive, the rooms are quite buget, run down. Beds are hard, pillows thin and old and the walls are made of paper -could hear everyword of the TV in the next room. Staff were helpful, the problem is with the hotel itself. I would have rated this hotel average instead of poor if I had been able to get some sleep.	
Mar 23 2009 	NOISY not street noise	Hotel itself is fine but we were kept awake all night by the noise of the lift doors SLAMMING open and closed. We were in 308 or 309 which is directly oposite the lift doors. I complaned but was told we colud not be moved, this was on thursday night and hotel not full? staff not very helpful, we ended up getting EARPLUGS from pharmacy! otherwise the hotel is fine for what it is, very well located in cental london so you expect small rooms for the price.	
Mar 13 2009 	1998 very amusing experience	It's been my first trip to London for a week. I payed 360 DM a night, an increadable price, about 120 bp that time. The staff tried to give me the smallest room on 2nd floor with the smallest door, to reach with the smallest lift - I could enter the room only one shoulder in front :-))) , no place for my suit-case. - After a lot of theatre they gave me a (possibly maidens') room under the roof, with view over chimneys of the neighbourhood. 9qm I think including the smallest bathroom - shower 60x60cm, all the bathroom about 1,2x1,2m. I had to clean my feet separtely .-)))). The curtain always sticked on my body *lol*. - Breakfast after waiting in a queue, directed by lots of employees, not neccessary to take it there. - Nice bedlinen from Laura Ashley, allways extremly cleared up. - Good environment, tube, shops, park, restaurants. Knowing all this, would I stay there again? May be! After beeing cured from claustrophobia.............	
Mar 12 2009 	Overpriced box basement rooms	We were allocated at the basement with narrow and smelly corridors. The shower rooms as about the size of our bath at home, the only away to use the toilet was to sit side ways. One of the bedroom did not have hot water at the shower. Staff not very helpful.	
Mar 7 2009 	Small and loud but good location	I didn't directly pay for this room, so I do not know how much it cost.I stayed in two different rooms here and both were very small. One was very awkwardly arranged. There was no room in either room for our luggage. The bathrooms were also tiny, and one of our bathrooms had a leaky ceiling. This hotel was extremely noisy in the early mornings. One maid actually knocked on our door at 7am and asked if she could clean the room. She woke us up. Starting at 6am every morning we could hear the maids in the hallway talking quite loudly. Also, if you get a room near the elevator you ought to ask to be moved. You will not be able to sleep it's so loud. The breakfast was alright, over priced. Internet was over priced as well. Both of these things could be found right around the corner on Queensway for much much cheaper. The location and proximity to Hyde Park and two Tube stations is perfect. The neighborhood is great as well with many dining options and some cheaply priced tourist shops.The hall ways also stunk very terribly of cigarette smoke, the entire time I was there. This is difficult to deal with when you huff your way up four flights of stairs to get to your room and you can't get a breath of fresh air.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good quality/price	I found this big deal with my travel agency and I have to admit that £80 per night (Breakfast included) across New Year's day (usually this hotel is cheaper), was brilliant! I was in a single room, really small, with a tiny toilet, but was really clean and comfortable, with TV and everything. The breakfast was really good with a huge variety of stuff (e.g. croissants, muffins, cereals, jam, toast, white and brown bread, ham, cheese, yogurt etc...) and if you want the English breakfast, it's just 5 quid more. The location is great, just 100m off Bayswater station with every amenity just a pace away (shopping centre, Tesco, shops, every kind of restaurant etc…). I really recommend this hotel for your short and long stay in the ‘Big Smoke’ :)	
Jan 7 2009 	Smallest Room i ever been	We stayed at the Hotel for the Christmas Holidays. Bathroom is the smallest i ever seen in my life. I can't even shower without bumping my legs to the toilet bowl. Doors are noisy and room outdated. They also have the smallest Lift i ever encountered. Not recommended for people who have claustrophobia.( You might get claustrophobia here..Ha )	
Dec 6 2008 	great little hotel	stayed here for 4 nights april 2008. Although room was small (bathroom even smaller) it was spotlessly clean. Good location near 2 railway stations. Breakfast was ok but didnt like to have to pay 3gbp for toast. Although check in is 1400 we were able to get into our room at 9.30 as we had transferred from another hotel. staff were very friendly and courteous.	
Nov 9 2008 	Very small rooms	Room (no. 302) was small. Bathroom while perfectly clean was tiny. Shower curtain sticks to you as you shower.Broadband rates were £6 per hour which I thought was way too much.Excellent location though very close to Bayswater tube station but space in room was too small.	
Sep 13 2008 	Not to bad but noisy	Single room number 409. Not too big but big enough for me, clean, confortable and worth it to stay for 51pounds per night. Shower with no space, dificult to have a proper shower. The room is close to the lift so is quiete noisy, avoid this room if you have a light sleep. You have tea-coffe making and a 14&quot; TV. The hotel is near Bayswater road and any bus will take you to oxford street or picadilly circus... I prefer to have a 15 min walk to reach Marble arch.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Breakfast!	We stayed at this hotel as we were going to the Notting Hill Carnival and it was absolutely fine. Perfect location for the tube and all the bars and restaurants.We paid a very good price which included full english breakfast which was soooo good! Very surprised actually! Yes the hotel was a little tired looking and the bathroom was tiny but we did have a fairly spacious room with a nice view so we really couldn't complain at all.All in all I would stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good location but wouldn't stay again	As heading to Wimbledon for the tennis I picked this hotel for its location with easy access from Euston and also to the championships via district line. The hotel is &quot;budget&quot; standard; however I certainly didn't pay budget prices; even for London.The rooms are tiny and very much a squash for 2 people, the beds are falling apart with old mattress covers being stapled onto wooden bed frames. Mattress itself must be 20 years old and you're likely to have a better nights sleep on a railway sleeper.Bathroom small as per other reviews with another point too, that if you do stay here then get up early before all the hot water goes. Avoid if at all possible. There's better than this in Bayswater!!	
Jun 5 2008 	Don't Stay Here	My wife and I stayed at the Berjaya from the 3rd to the 6th September 2007 and were very unimpressed. Whilst we knew that the standard of room would differ significantly to what we are use to in Sydney and places alike for the same Australian Dollar value, nothing prepared us for just how bad it was. The room was ridiculous. It was like a shoebox. You had to literally climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room. The lift was like a wardrobe with a max. 2 person limit. The bathroom is beyond words. The shower was abominable. The day we arrived the 'tube' went on strike and we bussed it around, which wasn't too bad. When we checked with Reception on day 3 to see if they were aware if the tube was back up, they didn't, and advised us to walk to the station to see. If we were back home and were staying in a real hotel in Sydney or another capital city and for example Central Railway Station Sydney or Kingsford Smith Airport Sydney was closed for whatever reason, the hotel we were staying in would deliver a much higher standard of service and be able to provide their guests with up to date information, as to whether or not the situation was resolved, and if not, when the likelyhood of it happening was, as they would remain in contact with the other service provider to keep their guests informed.Apart from this level of dismal service or lack there of, we found the staff to be quite rude and unfriendly. Basil Fawlty could have done a better job.	
May 21 2008 	Crampy Room	First time stay in this hotel. Great location, just meters from Bayswater Train Station.However, the room and bathroom are too small. You even can not move your body in the shower.The receptionist never smile at all. I don't want to go back to this hotel again.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice hotel in Bayswater	I've stayed in Berjaya Eden Park Hotel several times, and every time I had a great time there. The rooms are clean and nice, and my only complaint about the room is that they have a very small bathroom.There is also a continental breakfast included, and while it's nothing special, it's decent enough.The hotel is located in Bayswater, which is a nice place with several restaurants, pubs and smaller shops, and it's not far away from Oxford Street with the tube.I travelled to London to see a Chelsea-match at Stamford Bridge, and while it's not near the stadium, travelling to the stadium goes fairly quickly as you can take District Line directly to Fulham Broadway Station.	
Jan 10 2008	Great Location and friendly staff	Great location. The staff was very friendly and the local area has great Labenese and Cinese restaurants. As a business traveller coming from LHR to Paddington the hotel was ideally located. American beware the hotel does not have cable but does have HSIA but is slow.	
Nov 1 2007	Not for the faint of heart	This place if you are looking for a big, plush room. It is extremely small. I am a small person myself and do not take up much room, but it was small for me. You can't shut the door to go potty (if you're doing #2) and the shower is so small that I couldn't move 1 cm without having the curtain clinging to my backside. Also, the bed is horrible. It felt like the 500 lb man had been sleeping in it for all the nights before I arrived. The pillow, well, I basically slept on my arm.I will say it was reasonably clean and the people seemed to be friendly and well, you get what you pay for, but in London, you still have to pay out the wazoo for even this low class hotel.Definately for the budget traveler, but if you are passing through I'd suggest staying at the Yotel in the airport, which is very clean (very small, but you expect it).	
Nov 1 2007	Dont Stay there	I was very very disappointed with the Berjaya Eden Park hotel in London - I wouldnt recommend it to any person.  After a 26 hour flight I arrived at the hotel. The person showing me to my room was not willing to carry one of my backpacks - I was carrying two. We were unable to put them into the lift as the lift was only big enough to carry one person. The hotel is built like a rabbit warren, you need to go up two flights of stairs, walk across a corridor then go down one flight of stairs. It wasnt until I accidently dropped one of my backpacks down a flight of stairs the man showing me to my room offered to assist.  After my two night stay on the 9th and 11th of July 2007 I opted not to take the booking made for me on the 5th of August 2007. The person at the desk advised they were willing to cancel the booking but NOT willing to refund me the cost of the night on the 5th of August.2007 They advised I would need to get the refund direct from my Travel Agent when I returned to Australia. When I returned to Aust my Travel Agent tried to get me a refund for the night paid but the hotel would not refund me. Surely 3.5 weeks is sufficient time to give the hotel to cancel a booking and get a refund - not according to this hotel.	
Oct 17 2007 	small and run down...	My fiancee and I stayed here two months ago.We found the reception area to be not overly friendly. In fact I feltmore of a nuisance being there!The room is approximately 2.5m x 4.0m (8ft x 13ft) and that includes a bathroom and unneccessary cupboards which were run down and just took up space.We asked for a double room and recieved a twin room.The bathroom is pretty run down and the shower curtain is terrible. We couldn't have a shower with out the bathroom being flooded.The location is ok. Its close to Bayswater Road and you can catch the tube or the bus to major sights. Or stroll through Hyde Park to your destination. The next street is Queensway road with restaurants and a mall. But the area is dirty and loud at night as there is a hostel up the road and its a lively night spot.The breakfast is average. Not bad not great but oh well.I would not recommend this hotel. If you have a booking try and change it. I understand that its only a place to sleep, but its so hard to relax when its loud and your not comfortable. It wasn't dirty. I will give them that.	
Oct 11 2007 	Nice and excellent location for 3 stars hotel	The hotel room is average for a three stars standard. But I do came accross some rooms which are smaller. Probably the reviewer in this forum is frequent travellers. So they tend to expect more for a three stars hotel. Would recommend this hotel for people who only treat hotel as &quot;a place to sleep&quot;. as its centrally located near a few underground. And near to a lots of tourist attraction. Since I only paid around 65 pounds (try search in ebay.co.uk) for a double room. I cant complaint much. Overrall its a good stay. but definetely not for ppl who look for luxury hotel.	
Oct 6 2007 	a rip-off	first, this is the second time i check-in to this hotel. i didn't have any problem last year.this year i made the reservation then i went directly to the hotel, it's in a nice location and near to two underground stations and tons of restaurants and shops, a stone through from the hydepark.well ..the trouble started when i talked to my wife from the hotel phone on two times (total 12 minutes) and when i wanted to check out i was surprised that women behind the disk gave me this yellow smile and said (we will charge you an extra 148 pounds for your long distance call), was i calling mars or something!!!after arguing her claims i asked for the manager who then came and started to tell me that the blame is on the phone company and bla bla bla.then he promised me to email the phone company to get a discount which he never did and they charged my credit card one day after i left them.believe it or not, the hotel refused to give me the bill cause they don't know how much exactly they would charge me until they settle it with the phone company.people ...this hotel is nice if u look at it as a sleep nest ..BUT THAT'S IT. never use any of their services.	
Oct 1 2007 	Run far far away from this place they call a hotel!!!!!	This hotel ENTIRELY ruined our vacation to London!!!! No joke!! DO NOT STAY HERE! Within minutes of receiving our key card, we went downstairs (yes the basement) and walked and walked and walked to the back of the hotel. The closest fire escape was were we just came from and there is NO WAY to pass someone in the hall without having to step into a door way to pass each other. Plus the housekeeping and laundry rooms are down there too. Our room was soooo tiny, the bed was against the headboard, the one side of the bed was against the wall and there was 6 inches from the wall at the foot of the bed. We could not put both suit cases on the floor and open them at the same time. Open one on the bed and one on the floor. Plus there were metal bars on the windows so if there's a fire, good luck! After seeing this 15 minutes later, we went back up to see if we could switch rooms. We were able to switch rooms closer to the stairwell but still in the basement. The room was about 2 feet bigger but there were no metal bars on the windows. So this is where we stayed. The man at the front desk (who could barely speak english, we are in England aren't we?!?!) said to check back with him after breakfast and see if there's an different room we could switch to. So we slept, ate breakfast and decided not to switch rooms. We come back after spending the day out to our room, and our key cards do not work! We went to the front desk and they gave the conceirge a new key and walked us to the basement and opened the door. Guess what we found!? There was another couple in OUR room, with their luggage and ours no where to be found!!!! I ran up the stairs and demanded to know what happened to my luggage, they told me that they went ahead and moved us, WITHOUT telling us!!! Now we are on the 3rd floor, room is smaller then the last one with an extremely loud ceiling fan and yes it was warm out and NO AIR CONDITIONING!!! So as you can see we did NOT have a good experience here. Please go elsewhere and enjoy London because we did not enjoy it. (F.Y.I. we had paid in full for the hotel back in March, so we were not able to get our money back being that we didn't stay there until September!)	
Sep 24 2007 	No complaints here	We visited London to celebrate our first wedding anniversary, and stayed a Saturday night here in a double room, costing £78 (booked in a panic at the last minute) including breakfasts. After booking, we read through these reviews and our hearts sank! Too late to cancel through the agent website we checked into the hotel expecting the worst, and I have to say: either we got very lucky or there are a lot of very particular hotel reviewers out there!Our room was fantastic - very spacious, on the first floor, with a huge comfy bed, a sofa, large windows onto the street and a perfectly adequate bathroom with a superbly powerful shower (although there was no ventilation). The location is great, if a little noisy at night, but you can't exactly blame the hotel for that! Staff were perfectly approachable, and the continental breakfast buffet was second-to-none.	
Sep 3 2007 	Depends on what you're looking for	If you're looking for a bed for the night in a good location (i.e. next to Hyde Park), tube stations (Quensway and Bayswater) with minimal time spent in the room then this is the place.However, if you're looking for a hotel with atmosphere, facilities, space, decor &amp; views then this is NOT the place.Our rooms were in the basement backing onto a restaurant with its associated kitchen noises (clanging pans, shouting staff). The staff and location just about compensated for the small and noisy rooms.One other thing - it's within the Congestion Charge zone and the nearest multi storey car park charges £22 / day. Attempt to park on the street if you can legally find a space. There are traffic wardens (and tow trucks) constantly on the prowl.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great location	I booked this hotel with a Berjaya Membership and was given a 'hostel' room. It was EXTREMELY tiny with a smelly shower curtain! I couldn't sleep that first night. With the help of an angel who worked there, I was 'upgraded' to the 'other' building with a 'normal' room. It felt like a presidential suite compared to the other room. I was happier and more comfortable. Luckily the weather was cold that we didn't need the non-exisiting air-cond.. Yes...there are no A/C in all the rooms. And there are no mini refrigerators either. (I had to throw out my delicious chocolate cake.)All in all, I was satsified with this hotel. I can't expect a 4star service when this place is clearly rated with 2 stars! You get what you pay for!Other positive points: Location IS great! Next block is Queensway which comes alive at night. Lots of restaurants, gift shops, money changer, cafes, etc.	
Aug 12 2007 	IdanClaes	A typical old english hotel with very narrow corridors and stairs. The room was small. The bathroom was tiny. But the bed was ok, you could have a good night sleep in it. it was fine for us because we were mostly out and came back to the room for showers and sleeping, we found that the location of this hotel to be just perfect. It's just a less than 5 minutes walk from the bayswater and queensway tube station, which is very convenient. lots of affordable shopping and dining around. The staff were very helpful in giving directions and making bookings for us.Ida and Claes	
Jul 16 2007 	Extremely Disappointing	It pains me how tourists are ripped off in London. Don't let the attractive reception or exterior of this hotel fool you, nor the photos you might see on the internet. When I arrived at this hotel, everything was going well until I got into the cramped 2 person lift and ascended to my room. The corridors are incredibly small and the rooms are tiny. When I tried my cardkey in the door it didn't work so I went back to reception to tell them. They informed me that my room was 'dodgy' and the porter would let me in. After the porter let me into my room I was surprised that, even though the sun was shining, I had to turn on the lights because the window was so small it didn't let sufficient light in. The bathroom was so small, I could barely wash my hands in the tiny sink without getting water everywhere. The shower was also stained and everything about the room just seemed cheap and unfinished. Already dissappointed about the price i'd paid for such a dissappointing room, I realised that I wasn't happy with having to fetch the porter everytime I came and went so I complained at reception. Thecustomer service skills of the staff were little to none, and they told me there was nothing they could do about my faulty door. They weren't even understanding or apologetic, and didn't offer me any kind of compensation. The next day when I was due to check out I got a knock on my door at 2 minutes past 12 and a voice telling me I was due to check out. Never in my life have I come across this in a hotel.I got an online discount but the hotel rates are £130 for a twin room. I'm glad I didn't pay the full price as what I paid was already enough. The staff are useless, the hotel is a total rip off. People should get their moneys worth and this certainly doesn't apply at the Berjaya Eden.	
May 28 2007 	Horrible	Without doubt, this is the worst 'hotel' I have ever had the misfortune to enter. We had booked for two nights but only stayed an hour................. that's the length of time it took us to find alternate accommodation. Tiny, dark, damp, smelly rooms with an ensuite the Borrowers would struggle to make use of. Park benches and shop doorways would be infinitely more welcoming than the rooms and staff at this sorry excuse for an hotel. Berjaya Hotels &amp; Resorts, you should be ashamed!	
Feb 15 2007	Very Nice	Having just spent Valentine's evening staying at the Eden Suite in this hotel I would like to share my experience.Our suite wasn't the biggest I'd ever seen but there was plenty of space for two people and featured a &quot;livingroom&quot; area with TV, sofas, minibar fridge etc, plus a small dining table with 4 tub chairs - all the furniture looked new and good quality. In the bedroom area we had a spacious, comfortable double bed, 2 wardrobes and a dressing table - again all good quality and attractive dark wood. We also had our own private patio which we didn't use due to the wet weather but it looked very nice.The bathroom was well fitted and spacious with marble tiles and white fittings. The complimentary toiletries were also very nice!The decor of the room was very nice with a dark green wallpaper accented with red and gold accessories.The hotel staff were friendly and efficient, plus the bar and dining room were very nice. The continental breakfast was plentiful and of good quality.Only minor criticisms would be the lifts are tiny and the corridors are very narrow too but this is a general feature of Victorian London buildings in the city centre. Living in London myself I know about small spaces in buildings!All in all my partner and I enjoyed our experience at the Eden Park Hotel.	
Nov 18 2006 	Do not stay here.	Don´t be fooled by the internet sight.The hotel is NOT elegante, The rooms are not spacious, the staff was not efficient and friendly and the bed was not comfortable.The room was VERY small it was like a cabine on a boat next to the machine room.	
Nov 11 2006 	Worst hotel ever!	This is the worst hotel for the price that I have ever stayed in. We had booked a few days there either side of further travels in Europe and when we arrived for our first visit we were given a twin, rather than a double. Upon request we were then moved to a double room in the basement. The bed occupied most of the floor space and was reminiscent of our broom cupboard at home. We requested that we be assured a double room for our return (we had already paid for both visists before leaving home) and were informed that this would be possible.When we returned we were once again given a twin. The desk manager, arrogant and dismissive like most of his staff, blamed the wholesaler and then told me that as there were no patrons either leaving or arriving in the next few days, he could not move us. He had no record of our previous request.As I sat in the foyer the next morning I witnessed a procession of arrivals and departures.If you enjoy being lied to and paying exhorbitant rates for the priviledge, sobeit. Otherwise, don't go there!	
Nov 10 2006	Mediocre hotel excellent location	My wife and I spent a week at this hotel recently. The best part about the hotel is obviously its location. It is literally around the corner from the Bayswater tube station, and a short walk to the Queensway tube station. Banks, restaurants, pubs, shops, malls and laundrettes are all within easy walking distance, and Kensington High Street and Portobello Road are slightly further. As for the room, we were in a basement room which was very noisy (no double glazing and very thin walls and floorboards!). However, we got used to the noise by the 2nd night and thereafter it didn't really trouble us that much. The room and bathroom sizes were OK and not as small as I had expected based on other reviews on this site, although I also saw another room that resembled a broom closet! The bed and pillows were not great, but the room and bathroom were always clean.The hotel was almost full throughout our stay, and is obviously popular notwithstanding its deficiencies. Practically, I suggest that anyone intending to stay at this hotel uses it merely as a place to bathe and sleep, and a well-situated base to explore the wonders of London. By minimizing time spent in the hotel, and maximizing its excellent location, the hotel is worth the money spent.	
Nov 7 2006	-smoking policy	We, 4 off us from Denmark stayed at this hotel for 4 days. However the hotel´smoking policy is very bad. I my self beeing a pibe smoker, came home from town one night, and felt like visiting the bar. In the bar smoking is allowed. When I took my pibe out and wanted to light it, I was told by one of the bartenders, whom I believe to be Russian, that pibe smoking was not allowed. Next to us 4 people were sitting smoking cigarettes. I told the bartender that it was regular cigaret tobacco that I smoked, and not smelly perfumed tobacco.I also told the bartender, that many danes smoke the pibe because they don´t want to get all the toxic substances from cigaret paper. This however did not seem to convince the bartender, and therefore I was told to leave the bar. This is discrimination at it´s most. We will never come back.Kindest regards: Karsten Lyngsoe. Denmark.	
Sep 28 2006 	Never again	This was a very terrible experience.I will never repeat it again. I had to change a room, because it was impossible to open it with this authomatic card key.The staff at the reception is very unpolite. The rooms are extremely small, furniture very old.I woke up everytime I turned around in bed. But the rooms are clean. This needs to be saidNever again in this hotel.	
Sep 16 2006	Nice Hotel Good Located	The hotel has indeed small rooms (when comparing with US hotels as some other reviewers did) but sufficient space for us because we were there only to sleep. Hotel was clean but a bit old. Price was OK. Breakfast was OK. Very silent located. We stayed there three nights and were happy with the nearby subway (Queensway and Bayswater).	
Jul 8 2006	Overall hotel ok	Overall hotel was ok. Rooms small and in Heatwave in London from June 11 to 20th with no air con or fans in room it was just too hot. Even with window open. Beds were not in good condition although clean linen etc. Just that pieces of fabric pulling off sides of bed supports. Mattress's needed replacing. All this sounds negative, however the location and general stuff were fine.	
Jun 2 2006	Loved It so cute...	Great place to stay, I'm pretty sure there are small rooms everywhere in London. It was very clean and there was enough room for my mother and I to move around in if we positioned our luggage (which was abundant) in the corners or armoir. We had a very pretty view out of our window (a little garden and a nice church). I believe the rooms may be larger in the back of the hotel (which is where we stayed). The bathroom (which had a very deep bathtub) was big enough to get ready for the day in (even with the door closed). The lounge was very pretty (just like the pictures) and there were nice views out of the breakfast room as well. I thought the free continental breakfast was very tasty too. More selection than I expected. If they ran out of something they refilled it within minutes. There are two VERY close tube stations (big plus) and Kensington Gardens is right around the corner. The front desk arranged a private car for us at the end of our stay which saved us about $50. Our only complaints were that the elevator was rediculously small (which is simple enough to work around) and that the beds were not too comfortable.	
May 20 2006 	Memorable time? certainly for the wrong reasons	9 of us stayed there a couple of memorable nights. Memorable for the wrong reasons. The rooms are small but certainly big enough for Hobbits. The lifts are the thinnest and slimmest I have ever come across. One of the receptionists was unfriendly and had a row with her. It was a great relief to get out of her depressing sight. Value for money? Cetrainly not.	
Apr 11 2006	Are they kidding?	Three stars? I don't think so! This hotel is terrible, the worlds smallest rooms. The only word to describe the bathroom is 'ridiculous'. I am very slim and had great difficulty squeezing into the shower, i could not even fit one hand in the basin and smashed my elbows on the walls when using the toilet. It's like a rabbit warren, I had to go up and down in two lifts and drag my suitcase on it's side down the narrowest corridors in the western world to find my room. There does not appear to be any heating and my window overlooks the pleasent vista of rubbish, rooftops, crack addicts and dead pigeons. Of an evening the sounds of swearing and smashing of pots and pans enters your room from somewhere as you sink into a sagging bed, possibly manufactured in 1960.	
Apr 2 2006 	it's not worth it!	Stayed in the smallest room in the world, shower was absolutely ridiculous, so small had to constantly peel the curtain off myself, and water went al over the floor.The bed...where to begin? Tiny, squashed against the wall, and so so so uncomfortable! Slept on the floor for part of the night!Oh, and the temperature...boiling hot, even with the radiator turned off. Opening the window sorted out the stuffiness, but then had to contend with constant traffic noise.Sure, the location is great, but that's not enough!Avoid this place.	
Jan 12 2006	I am glad I am a Berjaya Vacation Club Member of Malaysia	I never expect I could have a good comfortable hotel in the heart of London for absolutely free !!!Simply because I am a Berjaya Vacation Club Member from Malaysia/ sort of Time Sharing programme which I can sell my rooms at any time convenient to me.Faridah,Malaysiafarrz1169@yahoo.com	
Dec 20 2005	Great Value in London Bayswater	Getting value for money in London is not easy. I stayed at the Malaysian-owned Eden garden Hotel just before Christmas, my third time to stay here. If you are just looking for a clean bed to sleep in and your time in the hotel is minimal - and you want to save your money for shopping or taxis - then the Berjaya Eden Park Hotel is the place to stay. One constraint is that the hallways are narrow and the lift very small - a potential irritant if you have lots of luggage. But staff are efficient and courteous. There's wireless internet available through t-mobile. A continental breakfast that includes great ham and bread. And my single room had a bathtub long enough to soak in comfortably!Location - just around the corner from Bayswater tube station - which is just one stop away from Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express! Hyde Park is just a block away. For GBP40/night, I'll stay here again!	
Dec 1 2005	OH Dear !	Truly the smallest hotel rooms you will ever have the misfortune to stay in.The shower in the toilet would not have been out of place in a dolls house neither would the entire room come to that.Rest of Hotel like a rabbit warren goodness knows what would happen if they had to evacuate the place in a hurry.On the plus side it only cost £41 unfortunately you can see why.Avoid at all costs unless you are one of the Borrowers.	
Nov 27 2005 	Deceiving website photos	Stayed in a single room for 2 nights in Nov 2005, paid GBP41 per night inclu tax and continental breakfast. Good value for a central location. Baysway tube station is only 1 minute walk away. surrounded by good restaurants and shops.Lobby, dinning area, bar are ok but tired decor. lift only fits 2 people. average service from staffs. helpful conceige, super small-sized room, similar to a student's room in residence hall in the UK. single bed fits to the wall like a coffin, have little room to open a standard sized luggage, very small shower room with toilet, have to walk around toilet to get to shower, smallest shower even used, whole toilet became wet after shower.tv received 8 channels with remote control that is working. trouser press worked but not very effective.clean carpet, bed linen, towels that are changed everyday, smoking room but smell fresh, comfortable bed, quiet. ordered dinners in room, fish and chips for GBP7.50, steak GBP9.50 plus GBP2.0 for room service. very good quality freshly made food, good presentation and still hot. again good value for money too. but room service only available after 1700.tea and coffee making facilities provided in room, little milk sachets tasted horrible. Bar downstairs made horrible tasted cappuchinno, so ran across the road to Tesco to get tea and fresh milk.the room was not warm enough for cold days. staff bleeded the radiator and turned on full power, yet for such a small room, it was still not warm enough. i am still in 30s and came from nearby city, not Hawaii.will NOT stay there again.	
Nov 19 2005	like staying in a telephone kiosk	we stayed at this hotel for a weekend.The room was pre paid so we could not check out when we saw our room which was no bigger than a telephone kiosk.When i saw the bathroom i was afraid that if i entered i might not be able to turnaround to come back out.The toilet on the plane was not much smaller.The carpets were worn and the general decor needed a complete change.It was my first time in london and my last.The beds were dreadfull and this item is vital for any hotel good or bad.The hotel was full so there are alot of suckers out there including us.The location was great and very near bayswater tube station.If you can give this hotel(telephone kiosk)a skip,I wish i did.	
Nov 14 2005	Fantastic Location – Tiny Rooms	The hotel is really just around the corner from the Bayswater station, you only have to cross the street with all its great food places and shops. We were extremely pleased with the location. Be advised that the Queensway station is closed until May 2006 but there are buses to Lancaster Gate nearby.The reception staff was friendly enough, even sent somebody with us to find our room. From the entrance hall you look in to the bar where the fireplace was in use – very cosy. The tiny hallways and rooms have been described in detail before - they actually made us laugh. Since we were only there for a weekend and had only one small bag, the room size didn’t bother us too much. There was a coffee maker in the room, a trouser press, soap, shampoo, body lotion, shower cap. The beds were a little soft and there was a constant draft from the window. Didn’t see how the temperature could be regulated.Continental breakfast was included. They offered coffee and black tea (no decaf, no herbal teas) and juice, different breads, croissants, sausages, fruit, jams, cereals. Although it was very busy, they filled up missing items quickly (but didn’t have time to be friendly).The price was very reasonable, 55 pounds for a clean 3star hotel in the middle of London, breakfast buffet included. However, if you want to spend several nights in London and have big suitcases with you, the miniscule rooms will probably make you crazy. Because of its great location I would still recommend it for an overnight stay.	
Oct 20 2005	Oh my God!	Was this a joke I thought as I was ushered into my room. It was the smallest hotel room I had ever seen, I felt I was in a broom closet. Maybe I could have dealt with the size, but I was in the basement and my window looked out onto a stone wall with piles of gabbage stacked against it. Was this a nightmare or what. It was dreary and so so hot. I came with my sister-in-law and niece who shrieked with laughter when she saw it, but wasn't so amused when their room was the same size but had two beds in it. I won't even describe the bathroom, but suffice to say, DON'T STAY THERE. I asked for another room the next morning, and after some haggling was able to secure another miniscule room, but at least it had a window that opened to the street and I felt I could breathe. It was a maze of corridors and steps and you needed a compass to find your room-upstairs, downstairs, left, right.....Never again.	
Aug 7 2005	great location - terrible hotel	Not a good first impression of London. The staff were not friendly, or helpful, the rooms were so tiny and always too hot. Our room had a view of the kitch exhaust fan which went on at 5 am scaring the pigeons away, it was like sleeping under the flight path at Heathrow.Our room had the lift right outside the door so all night it went thump or crash, we did havefun scaring Japanese tourist who would press the lift button and while waiting we would open our room door and tell them the lift was full and wait for the other one. :)The breakfast was ok but the staff were rude in the dining room and for that matter reception. Some people skills are needed. The only good thing about this hotel was leaving it.	
Jul 22 2005	Run away as fast as you can!!	Without a doubt, the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in! Actually correction, I did not stay in the room, but immediately left once I located the room (through the narrow, maze-like hallways) and felt the steamy air hit my face as I opened the door. Luckily, I was travelling alone so I could easily relocate and the room was not pre-paid, so I only lost money for one night. I did ask the reception staff to change my room, but was repeatedly told there was not another room available for that price. Even when I offered to pay more for a different room type, there was still nothing available. I was only offered a different room after I asked to checkout. By this point, I was dripping sweat and had no desire to stay in the stuffy room without a window that opens. I agree the location is great and the price was good, but not even that was enough to make me stay in this lousy hotel.	
Jun 20 2005	Relatively good value for the advantage of location	The location is very good - steps from the &quot;Tube&quot; - many good ethnic restaurants nearby. But the rooms (especially the bathrooms) are small &amp; old, but clean. Breakfast is average. The Staff is helpful, BUT constrained by the realities of high-priced/low quality hotel space in London.	
Jun 18 2005	Oh my God!	Not a good first impression of London. The staff were not friendly, or helpful, the rooms were so tiny and always too hot. The breakfast was ok but the staff were rude in the dining room. People should not be allowed to smoke in the rooms. Some people skills are needed. The only good thing about this hotel was leaving it.	
Apr 5 2005	The hotel rate and location offsets the shortcomings.	My husband and I stayed in this hotel during our short holiday in London. The room was a bit small but who cares.....we were out most of the time and only returned in the evenings. The location is fantastic with the nearby Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. Also there's plenty of restaurants within the area. The rooms were clean and staff at the reception counter were all friendly...thumps up, Berjaya Eden Park!!!! I will definately go there again	
Apr 2 2005	Small Small Small	Well the internet photos for this hotels website are deceiving aren't they. Small is the word for the rooms in this hotel. During our stay we stayed in 4 different rooms and they were all very much the same. You have trouble fitting two people in the room with their luggage. Walls are paper thin. Had a cold shower one night and no hot water the next morning. If you are slightly overweight you won't fit in the very small showers and in some rooms if you are tall you won't be able to sit on the toilet because of the gap between the toilet and the wall being so small you won't be able to fit.The twin rooms have narrow single bed mattresses that if you turn over you may fall out.Booked through a travel agent for various nights. Couldn't stay the whole twelve nights lost our money for 2 nights but who cares. Our new hotel leaves it for dead. Breakfast at the hotel is quite pathetic and not worth what they would charge if it wasn't included 7-50 pounds Another 5 pounds for English Breakfast.Other hotels we stayed at in our travels were far superior. We booked these ourselves from the internet after reading reviews on tripadvisor.Other comments on this site about the staff being rude and unfriendly are true.The hallways are small narrow and quite a lot of turns (reminds me of a maze or as they say a rabbit warren) and the stories about the lifts are so true.They charge 50p a day to store your luggage for the day and 5 pound if overnight. Other hotels do it for nothing.If you want comfortable rooms then my opinion is stay away from this place. There is better value for money if you reseach.	
Mar 8 2005	Never again	Fortunately our experience at this hotel didn't ruin our English visit but it easily could have.Firstly we were promised double beds before we left Australia yet the Concierge said there was no way any hotel in England would guarantee that! &quot;Besides&quot;, he said, &quot;there is not a double bed room available in the house&quot;. That was until I offered to pay the difference. Magically one appeared but not at the advertised (by them) difference of 64 pnds but for 90 pnds a night. I rang them from outside the next night to enquire about vacancies and they said they had several double rooms so I wandered in and asked (again) to be upgraded only to be told (again) there were no rooms available.The lift is so small that it only took one person with a bag to fill it and so slow that I decided to carry my bag up - I beat my wife who had been in the lift for 2 minutes at least.The room was tiny, there was not even a chair to sit on. This made it doubly difficult as the luggage was taking up the only available space in the room (on the bed).If you walked into the shower you backed out because there is no room inside it to turn. I'll try to attach a pix showing the toe of my shoe touching the door of the shower while the heel touches the tap on the opposite wall. If you flushed the toilet it took 15 minutes to refill so you waited paitiently listening to the cistern filling before heading in.Forunately we brought our own soap - they didn't supply the traditonal 'extras'.Also fortunately we bought souvenier mugs on our first day in UK because we accidentally broke one of their cups on day one (knocked it over in the tight space) and when we left on day 4 they still hadn't replaced it. Presumably my wife and I were supposed to drink out of the one remaining cup.On day two the management sent a letter to all guests requesting that we spread our breakfast times by getting up earlier as they were having trouble coping in the kitchen.The walls are paper thin leaving next to no privacy and the phones were shakey at best.If anyone paid me to have another holiday here I'd say &quot;no way, not even for free&quot;.	
Jan 17 2005	Hmmm.. a Mixed Bag	My wife and I went to London in early December 2004 for our honeymoon. Upon arrival at the hotel and after checking in, we discovered the tiny lifts.. that's OK though as we discovered our room was in the annexe of the building and therefore no lifts for us. We had to lug our bags up a flight of stairs (we did not want to tip anyone) and down the 1st floor annexe into traipsed into possibly the smallest hotel room in the world. It was unbelievably cramped. The width would have been just on 2 metres with 2 single bunks (despite having requested several times prior for a double bed). There was no room for 2 large bags so one bag had to remain closed at all times. And then the shocker: the bathroom... you couldn't sit on the throne without your knees clasing with the shower panelling. And speaking of the shower, there is no way anyone over 5 foot can comfortably use the shower as you can't bend down while in it.We tolerated this for 2 nights when on the 3rd night, the power went off in our room and the room next door. Mysteriously all the other rooms in the corridor still had power. We advised management several times of the blackout and it was on the 3rd attempt that they came and saw us. So there we were, sitting in the corridor (as it was too hot in the room) and we eventually waited about an hour and a half before management begrudgingly upgraded us to a larger room (with double bed) on the 4th floor. Worryingly when this happened (a Sunday night), the hotel employees advised that they could find no one to fix the blackout that night and that they were not trained to attend to a fire in the annex part of the hotel!! How reassuring!Our new room was much better and larger and we could finally scrub our backs in the shower. My advice to anyone going to this hotel is to refuse all single rooms in the annexe of the building and ask for a room in the main part of the hotel.	
Dec 8 2004	So good we walked out.	When we walked into the elevator it should have given us cause for concern, they were so small, this was after a two hour wait for the room to be ready. We walked down the narrow corridors, one at a time, as you couldn't walk side by side. We opened the door and saw the small room with a brick wall view, as it was in the basement. My Fiance opened the bathroom door, just in time to see the bath regurgitating it's old bath water. We complained and went out. When we returned we enquired about the bath, to which the receptionist had not been informed of it's progress. When we got to the room, the bath still looked dirty. There was toilet paper supplied, but not put on the toliet paper dispenser. We rang room service for a bottle of Muscadet and two glasses and 15 minutes later they still hadn't delivered it. While we were waiting we noticed the bed had hair on the sheets, and had obviously not been changed that day, despite this being our first day in the room! The room was also cold with no visible means of heating. We then asked to see the manager, who never came! At this point we had enough and found a better hotel around the corner. We then came back, finally saw the manager and attained a full refund. Avoid with your life.	
Nov 20 2004	Worst hotel I ever stayed in my life!	It was a horrible experience! I just came back from London and I can't wait to write this review right away coz it was really bad. We booked the hotel for Nov 12-14, and 18th. Coz we went to Rome in between. First of all, the elevator (lift) can only accomondate two person, which means 1 person and 1 suitcase. On our first check out date (15th), the lift was broken. I asked the staff to have someone help us to carry the luggages and they said they don't have anyone available so we have to carry all luggages ourselves from the 4th floor. While we were walking through the hallways, the housekeepers left all the towels, cleanins supplies, etc. on the floor. Even though they saw us moving the luggages through that cozy hallway, they didn't even move those stuff out of our way, and end up we have to move them ourselves. The worst thing is those stairs were not straight down, we had to make like 10 turns in order to get to the ground floor. Second of all, we asked to store one of the suitcases in their storage room so we don't have to carry everything to Rome. But they said they can't store it for us even though we are coming back to the hotel on the 18th. And so we decided to store them there for the day and look for another hotel. They're so cheap, and have to charge us 50 pence for each luggage just because we checked out already. So meanwhile my boyfriend was cashing out, I walked through the entire street and finally found a hotel that has availability and will allow us to store our luggage even though we didn't even pay deposit yet. Then my boyfriend wants to cancel our reservation and they said we have to do it online cause we booked it online! And they charge like 9 pence per minute to use their internet. Lastly, most of the staff there are not friendly at all, they won't even say hi to you even you have eye contact with them. I never stayed in hotel this horrible before. The only good thing was the room was pretty clean and that's about it!	
Sep 6 2004	a horrible experience	We booked two rooms for two nights and when we checked in late on Friday night and went to our room we were extremely disappointed. The lift only held 2 people, how do you manage if you have children, the corridors were very narrow, the room was very small and hot and the bathroom was a joke. I grazed my knee on the hand basin when I sat on the toilet and when I got in the shower I could not bend over to wash myself. No fans or air conditioning in the bedrooms which were unbearable. Breakfast was continental and we would be charged £5 if we wanted a cooked breakfast. We found the staff not at all helpful or friendly. We moved rooms to the basement which was a little larger and cooler. Our friends who remained on the 4th floor were woken at 6 a.m. on the first night and 3 a.m. on the second by loud music being played in the adjacent room. The staff only agreed to go up and listen to the noise after my friend went down to the lobby and threatened to spend the rest of the night sleeping there. Definately a hotel to be avoided at all costs.	
Aug 9 2004 	Excellent Value!	LOCATION - Excellent! If you've read the other reviews, you'll know it's very near to Bayswater on the Circle line and Queensway on the Central line, 30 secs and 1 min walk away respectively. If you don't like being underground all the time, there's a bus stop directly across the road 3 secs walk away and busier bus stops to more destinations about 30 secs walk away. NEIGHBOURHOOD - Fantastic eating places nearby. Personally recommend Mr Wu's Chinese restaurant which offers buffet lunch / dinner for GBP4.95 per person - absolutely value for money! Japanese, Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, fusion and all are a min's walk away. On the same row you have all kinds of fast food, Boots pharmacy, grocery stores, bookshops, Starbucks, internet cafes, courier service, money changer, souvenir shops, and even Whiteley's shopping complex which houses Marks &amp; Spencer, cinemas and is a pretty decent shopping place. Couldn't have asked for a better hotel location.HOTEL FACILITIES - Because I was in a timeshare unit, I didn't have breakfast allocated, so can't comment on it. Concierge was wonderfully helpful - especially in helping me carry my heavy luggage when checking in and out. They also provide facilities to store your luggage. Reception was very helpful as well. Beautiful and clean environment. My room was serviced every morning without fail by this sweet and well-mannered lady, even when I forgot to put out the sign to clean it. Very clean, they change your towels everyday, no problems with my bed or bathroom. Except the bathroom was quite small, so you're bound to wet the entire bathroom when you shower. Also, the walls are quite thin, so you can hear noises in the corridor or even your neighbour's TV if it's switched on too loud.SUGGESTIONS TO POTENTIAL GUESTS : No air-conditioning or fans, so I'd advise guests not to return to their rooms on summer afternoons because it'd be blazing hot and uncomfortable. Also, try to get the single rooms, because you'd be more comfortable. The double rooms are almost the same size as the single rooms, so if you insist on staying in a double room, be prepared to know that you won't be able to find space to open your luggage bag. Overall, I had a wonderful stay - thanks to the reviews on this website. I went with minimal expectations and came home a very happy person. Would definitely stay there again the next time I'm in London as it has an excellent location with excellent staff and a clean comfortable room.	
Jul 12 2004	If room size isn't a concern -- this place is a good value	Very nice and clean accomodations. Best thing is location. 30 seconds from Bayswater tube station. Rooms are extremely small and the bathroom's shower was about 4 square feet. If you're looking for decent accommodations and the size doesn't bother, you, the Eden Park is a great value.	
Jun 18 2004	Pass this one up	My husband and I were really disappointed with this hotel. We were unprepared for the size of the elevators, corridors and hotel room, but I would have overlooked that if not for some of the other negative qualities of this hotel. The bed had an old stinky foam mattress that gave us a backache every morning (and we're in our 20's). Our room was lower than street level and we had a window view of people's feet walking by directly ouside of our window. We were also visited by black bugs skittering around on the bathroom floor every morning. The room needed a serious airing-out. The location was good, as previously mentioned, and near some v. good restaurants. I would advise staying somewhere else next time. I know we will.	
Mar 25 2004	Berjaya Eden Park - Cannot get much better	This hotel was great! You cannot beat the location, being almost across the street from the Bayswater Tube station (Circle &amp; District lines) and a minutes walk from the Queensway Tube station (Central line). Also, a 2 minutes walk from Whitleys Shopping Center and Kensington Palace. The rooms are a little on the small side, but are very comfortable and have all the amenities. The elevator/lift is the only thing that could possibly need improving. It is tiny, think broom closet. The staff at the Berjaya Eden Park are wonderful. We booked through an online company to get a sizeable discount, but the hotel has a website that also offers discounts. The next time we are in London, we will definitely consider staying here again!	
Mar 10 2004	Go for the Misery		
Feb 24 2004	Avoid!		
Nov 6 2003	Okay for the price and location		
Oct 26 2003	What were we thinking!?		
Jun 28 2003	Take the upgrade - it was great!		
Mar 7 2003	OK for the price		
Dec 17 2002	Adequate		
Dec 4 2002	Superb find nestled in excellent Location		
Aug 30 2009 	Pour les voyageurs solos		
Jun 8 2009 	Tres bon hotel bien situe		
May 15 2009 	Consigliabile		
Apr 14 2009 	Zwiespältiger Eindruck		
Jan 19 2009 	Totalmente recomendable		
Jan 13 2009 	Sconsigliato accuratamente		
Dec 13 2008 	Situato benissimo		
Jul 23 2008 	Für einen Kurztrip zu empfehlen		
Mar 27 2008 	Brjya		
