Jun 23 2009 	good value clean rooms excellent staff o.k breakfast	I stayed for four nights at this hotel and found it to be basic but good value. The room was small but adequate. The staff were very helpful. Cleaning was done every day. The location is great, handy to the tube and lots of shops. I think it is excellent value for a central London location.	
Dec 16 2007	Great Place!	Stayed here several nights in early Nov '07; booked through Expedia. Was unsure what to find with the mixed reviews I'd read. Had a wonderful experience; room/bath very clean and bath was tiled with a great shower. Continental breakfast basic but plentiful. Internet access available and quiet at night for sleeping. Staff extremely helpful.Terrific location near Bayswater tube station and Hyde Park. Worth the money for the budget traveler who is spending time touring the area and not planning on spending their time hanging around their hotel room.	
Aug 13 2006 	Small and Average-good value	I stayed here with two friends for 5 nights. After reading the reviews on this website I was not sure what to expect, only to not be lumbered with a dreaded basement room. Lo and behold when we got there we were lumbered with a basement room, which felt dingy, and dark. Whilst inspecting around the room, I realised the decor was like that of an 80's students flat, which may not bother some people, but not to my taste. The bathroom was extremely small, and I frequenlty hit my elbows whilst trying to manouvre my way around the shower and toilet. However the room, in general, was not too small, as the room was mainly used as a base, and we did not spend much time in there. The 'refridgerator' did not really keep things cold, merely slightly below room temp. The advertised 'hotplates' were not present in the room, or in fact, any cutlery or knives. I took the trek up the stairs, after repeatedly trying the lift (did not work) and asked where they were. This request was met with a cold reponse like he was doing me a favour. Quite indifferent. However for the price, this was a reasonable 'hotel', perfect if you are on a budget. At the end of the day you get what you pay for. One good thing is the close proximity of transport links which were useful.	
Jun 21 2006	A friendly flexible stay	After reading reviews on tripadvisor, my boyfriend and I got a bargain at the London House apartments at short notice. We wanted a studio flat rather than a hotel for the 2 nights we stayed. Our connecting bus made us arrive even later than expected but the night porter was cheerful and we were checked in quickly.Our room was nice, we knew it would be small, being in the capital-the bathroom was a bit too small-but the main room was big enough for a short stay. The bedding was fine although people are right, the pillows were thin but we just rolled up the extra blanket to plump them up underneath. The view was lovely,we were at the top (luckily fit enough to avoid the little lift on the way up). There is an underground vent nearby but they are everywhere and its something that didn't bother us.Overall we had no problems and enjoyed our stay. I would use it again.	
Mar 25 2006	Second stay even nicer!	Stayed here for a week in March on my own after having visited last July with my son for two and a half weeks. Single accommodation (with a double bed) was roomy with plenty of built-in cupboards. Sparkling clean bath with a tub and hand-held shower over; plenty of hot water. Heated towel rack a nice bonus. Lovely surprise was a separate kitchen with fridge, microwave, and a two-burner hob. Most of the units do not include burners; ask for number 17 if it is available. The weather was raw, but the two electric heaters made the space toasty warm in a matter of minutes. This place offers value for money in a super location just a few minutes' walk from Paddington.	
Aug 16 2005 	My home from home...	Most people on here are probably looking for somewhere to stay for between a few nights and a couple of weeks. My stay at the London House has so far lasted nearly 3 years...The facilities are pretty basic, but they do the job. I certainly wouldn't have put up with somewhere unlivable for 3 years. The bed (which in common with a number of rooms has been replaced while I've been there) is comfortable, the shower generates a decent spray of water at a controllable temperature. There's a kitchen area (microwave, sink, worksurface, fridge) and a small dining area. It's all cleaned regularly and to a high standard. The staff are friendly and it's not too expensive - for long term lets they'll arrange discounted rates. There are only three things I would change: it would be nice to have air conditioning during summer, it would be nice to have an armchair (to save having to sit on the bed all the time), and my happiness would be complete if the gardener at the Hempel hotel across the way would stop waking me up with his leaf blower every morning (I tend to sleep until at least 8:30 and with the window open in summer, the noise comes straight in...)I've not had any problems with the location - it's local to 3 tube stations, Paddington, many shops, dozens of restaurants (Queensway is just a short walk) and it's a reasonably quiet residential area. It takes me 20 minutes to get to work in Tottenham Court Road, door to door. It's a bit like having an ensuite room in a shared house, or something like that. I'd happily recommend it to anyone looking for medium to long term accommodation in the area. For shorter stays, to be honest, the fact that it's entirely self-catering would put me off using it for a &quot;holiday&quot; (because I would want to at least have breakfast in a hotel restaurant), but if you intend to eat out every night or are on a budget, it's probably fine.Basically I live 150 miles from London, but work in central London as you can get. The room is booked continuously, on a rolling basis, so I am effectively a &quot;resident&quot; there - a lot of stuff stays there all the time, with just washing, clean clothes, laptop and so forth making the regular trip home for the weekend.In case you're wondering why I don't just rent a flat, there are several reasons: 1st because the client won't commit to more than 3 months in advance (so I can't take out a 6 month tenancy) and 2nd because all the &quot;niggles&quot; like cleaning, linens, etc are just taken care of at the London House instead of having to bring my own vacuum cleaner and TV...During my time there I've been in a number of rooms (in roughly this order):Room 20 (top floor, right hand side of the building) for a couple of weeks initiallyRoom 5 (basement, front of the building) for a week or twoRoom 14 (mirror image of 20) for more than 6 monthsRoom 30 (very top of the building at the front) because they wanted to refurbish room 14back to Room 20 after I discovered room 30 was really too small for me to cope with (I'm 6'2&quot; and 16 stone... not small!)Room 4 (mirror image of 5) because they wanted to refurbish room 20 back to Room 20 after its refurbishment, for well over a year, then I checked out completely over Christmas last year and came back to:Room 7 (basement, back of the building) then quickly back to... Room 20. Which seems to be &quot;my&quot; room at the moment.The only room I really HATED was room 7. I suspect it was the one which the young lady gave the very bad review to - it's at the back of the building in the basement. What got me was the complete lack of natural light, the noise (rumbling from trains, and other visitors clomping down the stairs with suitcases at all hours of the day and night) and the cold damp feeling, although in fairness it wasn't actually mouldy. It was quite big, but otherwise had nothing going for it and after a couple of nights I just insisted on being moved. I've heard it described as the best room in the house, which I think is basically because it's one of the biggest. But I wouldn't go back there. Other than that, the rooms at the very top of the building (like 30) are quite small with sloping ceilings (I kept banging my shins on the edge of the bed, and my head on the angled ceiling) but otherwise OK.All the other rooms I've stayed in have been fine, including the basement rooms at the front of the building.Friends and colleagues have also stayed there - room 17 is particularly nice and one of the few with a hob, and the ones at the back of the ground floor are also quite pleasant. The only other complaint I've heard was from one colleague who thought room 4 was a bit noisy - basically to do with the trains going into Paddington.So there you have it - I've coped with living there 5 days out of 7 for the last 3 years and I reckon it's an OK place to be.	
Jun 12 2005 	good value friendly staff	I stayed at the London House for 3 weeks while in London on business. My twin studio was a bit small (although probably average-size for London), but was clean and included a small kitchen with a microwave and a fridge, and en-suite toilet and shower. A maid service came once or twice a week with clean bedding, fresh towels, toilet paper, etc. The washer &amp; dryer were available every time I needed to use them.London House has a fantastic location--the neighborhood is quiet, while only a few minutes from central London. Several tube stations, including Paddington and Lancaster Gate, are a short five minute walk away. Kensington Park is right around the corner. Also, I could stock the fridge in my room with food from Tesco or Sainsbury's, both of which are within walking distance.Since London House is more like an apartment building than a hotel, the office closes in the evenings but this never caused any problems for me. The staff is perhaps the best feature of London House. They are friendly but professional, and also very helpful and willing to answer numerous questions.Overall, I was very pleased with my experience at London House and would be happy to stay there again.	
May 17 2005	a good deal	we had quite a pleasent stay in London house, and i can certainly recommend it for anyone who is looking for basic but good accommodation in central London. The place offers simple but convinient facilities , with the added bonus of a small kitchen which makes the stay quite comfortbale, even though it is far from being a five star hotel - basically for the price we payed i can say we got a very fair deal, especially considering the really excellent location.The room we stayed at was pretty big in comparison to other london rooms we stayed in the past (some in much more expensive places) , this was clean and airy and had a large window facing the back garden and it was very quiet. The beds were pretty good, with a comfortable mattress.The place doesnt work like an ordinary hotel (reception closes in the evening, there is no daily cleaning service, no lobby or breakfast ) its more like an apaertment hotel so whoever is expecting a hotel in the traditional sense can be disspointed- but it advantages like the kitchen, good sized rooms, the very helpful staff and really a great location, allow me to recommend it.	
Jan 16 2005	Keyword 'small'	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for a week over New Years 2004/05.This &quot;hotel&quot; really is a collection of studio apartments. Each room has a small kitchen, with a refrigerator, microwave, and a sink, dishes, and a table setting. It has no stove or oven, which limits your cooking options.The beds are cheap and not very comfortable. No top sheet was provided, the pillows are cheap and thinner than a folded over towel. One extra blanket was provided. Linens are changed more frequently than indicated on their website, but not every day. The shower... well it was small, cramped and had its own electric water heater, which limited water flow to a level which we jokingly called &quot;drooling&quot;. Water temperature was user selected, but went through a boiling hot level to get there.The bathroom was small enough that you could wash your hands while still on the toilet, and the sink was so small that the faucet had to be mounted on the side. The location was convenient for travel, but not very &quot;English&quot;. Every building in the area is a hotel or a tourist trap of some sort. Queensway road, which is nearby, has many shops, but is crowded with tourists night and day. Paddington Station is huge, and quite close, with access to many of the key Tube lines. The street is fairly quiet, although there is a Tube ventilation shaft across from the hotel which has some noise. No buses or other large vehicles were in evidence the week we were there. Price was around $106US a day, which for that area of London is not terrible, particularly considering the potential utility of the kitchen. Price does not include electricity usage, which of course is nearly a scam. Make sure to have them check your meter before you check in. We were very conscientious about power usage, and were charged £10 regardless of that. The staff was friendly, but not very accessible, as hours were limited to 9am-5pm at best. Overall, we would be willing to stay there again if the beds were upgraded to something more closely resembling comfortable. Having a kitchen helped to offset the steep price of food in London.	
Oct 11 2004	3 words for London House: mould smelly damp	This place is a joke. It looks nice on the website, but has nothing to offer. I stayed for 2 nights and was glad to leave. The room I got was down in the cellar. There was no natural light, the view was that of a moist and mouldy wall. (And they told me it was the best room in the house!)The room was smelly and damp. The paint comes off the walls and there was mould and fungus in the kitchen and shower. (mail me for pictures) This place is a total rip-off and with all the mould I consider it a healthrisk staying here.	
Jul 1 2004	Best deal in one of the nicest areas	We stayed at the london house for 10 days. When we arrived we discovered it was in a nice and safe neighborhood with many similar hotels in the area. The nearest tube stop was either paddington or lancaster gate, both a 5 minute walk away, there were also many grocery and 24hr conveniance stores on craven hill along with a place that sells a full english breakfast for 2.50GBP which is dirt cheap by british prices. Our room was a triple with one queen bed and one twin, there was also a small dining table, microwave, fridge, dishes, tv, airconditioner, and a nice clean bathroom. we paid 47GBP a night which is very cheap for a triple anywhere in london let alone Bayswater. We found our rate online, the advertised price when we arrived was 115GBP per nite for a triple so we got an especially good deal.	
Sep 27 2009 	Vraiment satisfaite j'y retourne sans problème!		
Sep 21 2009 	à recommander		
Aug 18 2009	Evviva la semplicità!		
Jan 3 2009	London House Hotel		
Oct 6 2008 	Confortevole soggiorno!		
