Nov 1 2009 	Comfortable B	My husband and I recently stayed at the Elizabeth Hotel on Eccleston Square for 9 nights. We chose the location for convenience near the Victoria Coach &amp; Tube stations and proximity to Golden Tours starting point. We wanted an affordable and quiet room. Our room was very quiet and clean with a comfortable bed and two pillows apiece. By European standards, I believe our room was very spacious. The carpeting and wall decor were somewhat worn but this did not bother us. There were a lot of stairs, but an elevator as well. The breakfast room was very pleasant, and the continental breakfast was plenty to eat - although full English breakfast was available for a fee. All the staff was very attentive and friendly. There is a also a reception room with tea and newspapers, although I would have liked a separate computer available for customer use.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location very clean quiet good value	My husband and I are 60, retired and travel to Europe each year. This was our first trip to London and surrounding areas and we had a wonderful 2+ weeks. We booked the Elizabeth Hotel (in Victoria on Eccleston Square) based on a number of good reviews on Trip Advisor as well as recommendations from a couple of travel books. We were very pleased with our stay at the Elizabeth. First: The location is absolutely terrific. It is very near (just 3 blocks) from Victoria Tube/Train Station and the Victoria Coach station and just about 1/4 mile from Buckingham Palace and there are several great restaurants nearby (see below). Second: The hotel is VERY clean and well maintained. Our room was made-up/serviced every day during our 16 nights. Although some features of the property are a bit &quot;worn&quot; (i.e., carpeting) nevertheless, it is quaint and comfortable. The elevator is small but just fine -- it has some quirks -- for instance: Sometimes you'd get in on the main floor, push your desired floor button, the doors close, you sit there a minute, the door opens and you're still on the main floor -- you wait a minute, the doors close and up you go!) The elevator seems to be &quot;newish&quot; so we think there just might be a programming glitch or something. We just learned to laugh about it and guess if it would be a delay that day or not. We were just thankful for an elevator that worked to take us to our 4th floor room!We had a twin room (2 twin beds) and although it was small, it was just fine. We had a tiny nightstand between the 2 beds, a small &quot;desk&quot; and stool, and small &quot;bureau&quot; with drawers that was handy, plus a small closet and a safe in the closet. We had a great, large window overlooking the street and lovely Eccleston Park across the street. We were pleasantly surprised by how quiet the lovely neighborhood is. Even though you a very close to the train, coach, subway stations/lines, we never heard them! Walking late at night in this neighborhood is very safe, pleasant, and quiet.The only down side about the Elizabeth Hotel was the shower in our en-suite. The hand-held shower head &quot;holder&quot; never worked properly (despite our request that they do something about it). We just learned to wash with one hand and rinse with the other. If they fix the shower head in room 403 it would be great. Bathroom &amp; shower were small but we managed --- it's pretty much expected in London and in other European cities we've visited.The front desk staff is very pleasant and helpful (will provide assistance if you ask them) but they don't provide any unsolicited &quot;tourist-type&quot; information. The kitchent staff is incredibly hospitable, cheery and accommodating. The included buffet breakfast is fantastic (Fresh warm croissants, raisin pastries, warm small french-bread type rolls, white or brown toast made to order, juice, coffee, tea, 3 types of cheeses, 3 types of deli meats, yogurt and several types of cold cereal). You are cheerfully greeted each morning by a lovely staff member, who asks if you would like tea, coffee, juice (orange or grapefruit), and fresh fruit salad. The coffee is french press and delivered fresh and hot to your table. For an extra charge, a full breakfast (eggs, sausage, etc) is also available. On days when we were leaving the hotel early (6am) for a day trip, they will provide you with a &quot;box lunch-type breakfast (cereal with milk, granola bar, etc.)There are several good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. Several restaurants on Wilton -- just about a 10 minute walk from the hotel, including: &quot;Grad Paradiso&quot; (recommended by the hotel, very good italian food, moderately priced and comfortable, great lamb chops, pastas and salads); &quot;Seafresh&quot; (great seafood, no real ambience to speak of, but the fish was terrific, and we're pretty particular); Kazan (turkish, fantastic lamb shanks and vegetable dishes, the service is great); The &quot;Blue Jade&quot; (Thai food) is just around the corner from the Elizabeth...food is good, it's quiet, and very pleasant after a really hectic day of sightseeing. We also had dinner twice at &quot;Buckingham Balti&quot; (on Buckingham Palace Road near Victoria train sation -- really good curry and chicken tika masala). We ate pizza at Prezzo (very large place, loud, crowded but inexpensive) however, the food was mediocre -- great pizza on Saturday night, terrible Pizza on Tuesday night, pasta both nights was quite bland.All in all we would definitely recommend the Elizabeth Hotel on Eccleston for a budget-minded stay in a great location.	
Oct 17 2009 	satisfying	two Danish couples stayed at Elizabeth for 8 nights. If we return to London we'll chose Elizabeth again. The rooms are not big - but we didn't go to London to stay inside. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The continental breakfast was delicious and the staff did their very best to make sure that everything was all right - during the weekend things were rather busy, but they managed to minimize the waiting to be seated as much as possible. We'll be back. Regards. Anette	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and breakfast	Our family of four stayed in one room at the Elizabeth Hotel in Victoria, London. While there was not a lot of space to move around with all our luggage, the staff was friendly, the breakfast was great (served in a very pretty basement breakvast room), and the location was convenient - an easy walk to Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. The hotel is on Eccleston Square which is very pretty and quiet.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very friendly staff!	This hotel is very centrally located, with clean comfortable rooms. I will agree with other reviewers that this hotel is not chic or elegant. However, the warm and welocming staff more than make up for this. I would certainly recommend this hotel to others.	
Jul 27 2009 	not chic but kind	We spent our pentecost holiday in London and we slept in The Elizabeth. We thought (according to the website) that this hotel is chic, but it is not. Not all of the rooms has got the style and the view what you on the website can see. Not at all. We had got a room for 3 at the backsite. First I was a bit disappointed, it was not what I expected. But afterwards was I happy with our room. It was quiet and the bathroom is also not so smal. And dthe staff is very friendly. The breakfast is perfect. You can ask for the key of the eccleston garden. Bring some wine with you and enjoy your stay.	
Jun 17 2009 	Cozy clean and good location.	We stayed for almost 2 weeks in London. Chose the Elizabeth for its location, prior decent reviews and reasonable rate. The included breakfast is satisfying and the dining staff are incredibly polite and solicitous. They are also the cleaning staff, and kept our small room immaculate. To save costs, we took a very small room with shared bath. Not bad, but room was on 5th floor and elevator only went to 4th. No a/c so quite warm, but small fan helped measurably. Would recommend to management that they put a screen on the single window and some hooks on which to hang clothes in the shared bath. Biggest disappointment was that the internet connection in the lobby (not available in any rooms) did not work for 5-6 days of our visit. That was a great inconvenience, as we then had to spend money at an internet cafe to check our business emails, and could not access documents on our own laptops. All guests have access to a beautiful private garden across the street from hotel. Hotel is several blocks from Victoria station, yet still on fairly quiet and clean street in Belgravia.	
Jun 9 2009 	very nice staf	Good Hotel with nice park at front, very close to victoria station, the staf is very helpfullthe breakfast is good, the rooms are small, but is nice place , i recomend you this hotel for the price worth it.	
Jun 9 2009	Great location with helpful staff.	This is an older well kept hotel. Its about three blocks from Victoria Station. our room was a family room (#12) on street level. It is probably the room that gets the most noise as it is next to reception and elevator. Yet it was surprisingly quiet after 10:00 p.m. The room has a worn look but was clean and neat. The bathroom had plenty of very hot water and a shower that had great pressure, no light streams from shower head. Towels were fluffy and the largest I've seen in a hotel. Note : a full hot english breakfast is no longer included, but a very good continental breakfast with choices of cereal, juices, coffee, tea, fruit salad,toast, rolls, meats and cheeses should satisfy most. A full hot English Breakfast is an option. We found the staff helpful, and quick to respond to questions requests and the one minor problem we had with the room ( bathroom exhaust vent did not work) it was fixed . This is a modest priced hotel that gives good value.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location Filthy Room	As a dedicated follower of Rick Steve's travel guides the Elizabeth Hotel near Victoria Station has been the only hotel which I have ever been unhappy with. Positives: very close to Victoria Station, quiet location, good breakfest. We stayed in a quad room #12, 2 single beds and 1 double for 3 adults. It has adequate space. Guests receive access to a beautiful private garden across the street which is very nice for picnics.The room itself was not worn as much as just plain dirty. The carpeting had many stains and felt extrememly greasy, light fixtures were filthy/stained, bottom mattresses are exposed and my top sheet (no bed spread) had a large stain on it after housing keeping had just finished cleaning the room. Paper products were not restocked. The bathroom vent wasn't operational - but was fixed after 3 nights. Other things to note, WiFi is in the lobby only, the english breakfest is no longer included in the room rate (although a buffet which is include is more than adequate). The staff were not locals and were of limited help. As an example: a man asked where they could go for a traditional english tea in the city and the concierge didn't have any suggestions and didn't bother to pull out the 6 or so tour books sitting behind her.	
Feb 14 2009 	Wonderful service - Great hotel	The Elizabeth Hotel37 Eccleston SquareLondon, EnglandOur family of three adults stayed at The Elizabeth Hotel for three nights from Friday, January 29 until Monday, February 2, 2009. Yes, Monday, February 2, the day of the recent snow storm in London. I had e-mailed several times to the hotel asking questions regarding the accommodations before making a reservation and always received a prompt and courteous reply. I booked a two bedroom, one bathroom (with a bathtub and overhead shower) apartment (Flat 5) and was very pleased with that choice.The Apartment - The apartment was on the top floor of the hotel (the elevator went to one floor below the apartment and the apartment had one flight of stairs inside the entrance door) and had lovely views of the park across the street from both the living room and kitchen windows. One bedroom had one very comfortable double bed, dresser with lots of drawers and a closet to hang clothing. The twin bedroom had two twin beds and a closet also. The living room had one couch and one chair, TV and lots of space. The kitchen was very well equipped with a microwave, surface stove, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher and a washing machine. The furnishings were comfortable and the whole apartment was SPOTLESSLY clean. The hot water took a while to get to the hotel's top floor but it always did and we had plenty of it. The bathroom amenities (shampoo, lotion, bar soap) were replenished daily as well as fresh towels delivered. The Elevator (The LIft) - Yes, it is very small and creaky but it always worked and was appreciated. The Breakfast - Two nicely decorated small rooms where an excellant full English breakfast could be had or cereals, danish rolls, warm croissants and fresh fruit salad (very good) were available. Pots of tea were delivered to your table from smiling staff. The waitstaff did an amazing job serving many people, always with a greeting and a smile in a small amout of space. Yes, one morning we did need to wait five minutes to be seated, but so what !!!! The Location of the Hotel - Perfect for making connections with either the Victoria Bus or Train station. Truly an easy ten minute walk (maxium time) from the station. A taxi cost less than five GBP from the station to the hotel. The blocks around the hotel are a mix of private homes (beautiful old buildings), B &amp; B's, hotels and restaurants. A very walkable area.The Hotel Staff - PERFECT - We arrived very early Friday AM (9:00 AM) with our adult son not feeling well after our overseas flight from the United States. Immediately the receptionist, Monika, found him a clean available room so he could lay down. This help was very much appreciated and during our three day stay I had contact with Ann, Sopie and Simona on different occasions and each one was very professional and helpful. Extra service always with a smile. From help with ordering our dinner to be delivered one evening using the lounge computer, supplying us with cold bottled water, giving accurate directions and to making arrangements ahead of time for our private taxi to pick us up at 5:30 AM on our morning of departure (THE snow day) - Everything was great customer service.The Cost - Very reasonable considering London is a very expensive city. So, YES, I would stay there again and hopefully will get a chance to.	
Jan 6 2009 	A good experience...	We decided to spend a few days in London before Christmas with our family in Bucks. and found the Elizabeth on the internet - checking reviews of this hotel together with lots of others. You feel you're looking for a needle in a haystack and hope for the best and we were not disappointed. We brought some frozen food for the family and I had called about this from home and the staff very kindly promised to put it in their freezer during our stay of 4 nights.Our room was small, admittedly, with no room really to place a suitcase except in between the beds, but they on the other hand were comfortable. The bathroom clean and with shampoo, body lotion etc. and the possibility to make a cup of tea or coffee was really appreciated. Breakfast was very sumptious and tasty, well prepared and quickly served. The staff in the reception as well as in the breakfast room very kind and attentive. We shall no doubt return again. Again, reading other reviews we were a bit surprised that some are relatively negative. We cannot in any way subscribe to them. With an old house you have to make the most of the space and you cannot expect to be given a ballroom with all the nooks and crannies you find in such houses.	
Jan 1 2009 	A great place to stay in London.	We stayed at the Elizabeth in September,08. The hotel is conveniently located near Victoria Station, the rooms are nice and resonably priced. The english breakfast was very good as well. I would recommend this to all.	
Dec 9 2008 	Best Place to stay in London	I have stayed in many hotels in london, but i have never been so satisfied as i was this time when i stayed at The Elizabeth Hotel in Victoria. Staff is very friendly and helpfull. Breakfast is cooked to your liking and served hot to you. as well as huge selection of Continental breakfast. I would definatly come back to this hotel when i am back in london next time because this place makes you fell at home.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nightmare experience!	I booked this hotel through travelstay.com as I have previously. I found the staff lacked manners-I did not appreciate being greeted as Sexy. This was inappropriate. The room looked alright at first glance but as I have experienced in other budget hotels I woke up covered in huge red weltsifrom bedbugs. I managed to squash one. My face was covered in large red bites which did not go down for day. Really! for the money I payed I should not expect to leave in such bad shape!	
Nov 6 2008	Great location good value	We recently returned from the UK. We stayed four nights at the Elizabeth Hotel 37 Eccleston Square. It was excellent value. The location is super very close to Victoria Coach station with lots of restaurants/pubs, etc., within walking distance. The room was small, but then it is London. It was clean and adequate. The tv was small and didn't work too well but we didn't care because we didn't go to London to watch t.v. The hotel staff were pleasant and even did our web check in for us the night before we were coming home. The rate included full English breakfast which was small but adequate. the menu offers any or all of the following: egg, bacon, sausage, beans, tomato and toast as well as tea or coffee. They also offered juices and dry breakfast packaged cereals. We always got in right away but maybe that was because we were there in Oct. and it wasn't as busy, but the hotel did seem to be quite full.I didn't think it looked in real life as good as on their website but nevertheless I would recommend this hotel for someone who wants a good location, with a bathroom, and breakfast, and VAT included. If you book early on their website you get a better rate. We paid 105 pounds per night. For London, we didn't think this was bad. It is far from luxurious but it provides a good clean comfortable bed with a good breakfast.	
Oct 17 2008 	Second stay	The rooms are small even by London standards and hallways are like a rabbit’s warren. The bed was comfortable, but the shower stall was very small.The breakfast service is decent with a Standard English menu, but it is the same menu every day.The font desk staff was fairly indifferent and was incapable of verifying a flight schedule.	
Sep 23 2008 	Asked for a taxi set up with a pirate cab	Stayed at the Hotel for 1 night Sept 2008. Familiar with area , close to Victoria Station. Hotel is a 2 star in terms of the quality of its rooms; a 19th century townhouse which has been converted with minimal updates. Requested a taxi for 06:00am as we had to be at another train station to catch the train to Holyhead. We were quoted an approximate cost of 10 Pounds by the front desk staff. Next morning a private car arrived at 06;00, not a taxi and we were told that the cost was now 25 Pounds! We flagged down a taxi and paid 12 Pounds for the ride. The taxi driver told us that London is full of pirate cabs &amp; that probably the Elizabeth or the female staff member who booked our ride receive a % kickback for each fare they refer to the pirate cab company. I do not mind someone earning a commission but expect someone acting on behalf to act in my interest. I would never deal again with any business which abuses my trust in this way and for this one reason will never return to the Elizabeth.	
Sep 20 2008 	mixed feelings	we had 3 days in the elizabeth after a long trip from nZ. we had caught the train from heathrow to Victoria and walked to the Elizabeth. The location was great and we found it in a few minutes. The rooms were not so great and our family was split into 2 rooms a long way from eachother. The rooms were clean but really really small and not in good condition. i would stay again as a couple but not with small kids. The breakfasts were really good and generous.	
Sep 12 2008 	Well worth the money	Having read a mixture of reviews I kept an open mind as to what to expect on arrival at the hotel. Having just returned I would certainly recommend the hotel to anyone. The staff were both pleasant and helpful. The room ( family room) was clean and tidy and the breakfast was absolutely delicious. Although we had to queue for a table, we had been forwarned in the information booklet about what times to avoid. For all those travellers who want accomodation that is good and central to london then this is the hotel for you.	
Aug 19 2008 	It's okay but nothing special	Booked a double room, but given a 5 bed room upon arrival which was very clean but basic, and a tiny bathroom considering it was meant for 5 people!Beds were very very soft, but quite comfortable; room was quite hot, but the fan was enough to cool it down to comfortable temperature.Breakfast was adequate, but don't expect huge quantities.Luggage room a real bonus, allowing you to leave luggage securely if arriving early or departing late.Staff quite friendly until morning of checkout. Checkout is at 11am. It was 11.08am when we reached reception to be almost shouted at by receptionist for overstaying our time, and tried to charge us an extra £15, despite this not being mentioned or listed anywhere beforehand, and unfortunately spoiled what was otherwise a perfectly acceptable stay.Overall, not bad, and reasonably priced in a great location.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great location but needs a face lift	Positives - great location. Otherwise a little overpriced for a basement room with ripped carpet and mouldy bathroom. Some of the staff were great like the one who organised our air conditioner which we had booked months before but which they seemed to have no record of. (she gave us the one from her room and we needed it in our small airless room).But some aspects of service leave something to be desired like to fact they will not book airport shuttle services for you. Breakfast was pretty ordinary with extra thin toast and one morning when my husband asked for 2 rashers of bacon he was told it was hotel policy for only one rasher per guest. As I had not ordered a cooked breakfast I ordered a rasher of bacon and asked them to put it on his plate! This was our last stop on a 6 week European tour and we had a lot of luggage so we bought a set of scales to make sure our weight was OK. We left them there so if you are staying they should be available to you.	
Aug 4 2008	Great Staff	We stayed at this hotel as part of a Rick Steves tour. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast (included) was always served hot and with a smile. The rooms were clean and neat however the beds were old (you fell to the middle all night) and some rooms were small. The location is great, close to Underground, buses, and trains.	
Jul 23 2008 	friendly great kitchen staff	yes it may need to be updated but you cant buy a smile in a strange city .This is an old city with old hotels .When you have been to a lot of countries you look for a good clean bed a good breakfast and a good smile . Yes up and down stairs small rooms old bath room spit and polish cant hurt ,but would do it again	
Jul 17 2008	For the price cheap and dumpy!	If this hotel cost 50 pounds or less it would be fine -- the room is standard with no amenities, small like a cupboard and I went through a sort of maze of stairs to get to it in this old house. But the bathroom didn't look very clean and the bed was uncomfortable, and for the 150 + pounds they charge you can really find better than this! At best a clean and quiet small hotel, but no frills, ambiance or enjoyment to merit such high rates.	
Jul 8 2008 	Untrustworthy - Would NOT Recommend!	Upon first glance, the Elizabeth seemed to be a nice hotel for our family as it was recommended by Rick Steves and other tour books. Wow, we were misled! We booked our room for a family of four (dad, mom, and two children) w/ en-suite bathroom four months ahead of time and then reconfirmed our accommodations three weeks prior to our arrival. When we arrived for check-in, we were rudely greeted and informed that the family room that we had reserved and had been guaranteed was &quot;closed.&quot; The desk clerk informed us that we would be placed in two side-by-side double rooms. As we climbed the steps to the top level, we realized our rooms were actually at opposite ends of the hallway with other guest rooms in between . To top it off, there was no en-suite bathroom facilities as we had been promised and were charged extra for. We promptly informed the desk clerk that this was not going to work. We were informed that no other rooms were available for the night, but an apartment would be available the next morning and we would be moved into it if we would just accept these accommodations for the evening. With little other choice, we complied only to find the next morning that our family apartment had been &quot;sold during the night.&quot; Our family was VERY DISAPPOINTED by our accommodations, but more so by the bait and switch tactics practiced by this hotel. When we asked to speak with a manager on two separate occasions, the manager was no where to be found or had not come in for the day. The manager never contacted us. No one offered to accommodate our family in any way. On the morning of our departure the desk clerk actually apologized as we were leaving and stated that she felt we had been &quot;treated dirty.&quot;As far as the accommodations are concerned, the rooms were very small. The sheets on the bed had large rips and holes. The television was antiquated with only a few channels that worked. I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel due to the very poor customer service and untrustworthy tactics.	
Apr 29 2008 	Lovely retreat	Stayed here for three nights in April. Beautifully situated, the gardens across the road are a real treat - a private park in the heart of Victoria.The location is fantastic - five minutes from excellent links to all parts of London, and easy walking distance from most of the West End, Knightsbridge, Hyde Park etc.The breakfast is adequate - it doesn't look like the photo on the website, but it is varied and filling. Tchibo coffee on demand is a definate advantage! There are loads of good local restaurants, and the menu at St George's Tavern, 3 minutes away, is excellent and very good value.All in all the hotel provides excellent value for money in terms of London hotels, and I would have no qualms about recommending this hotel or booking again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Location don't trust 'em	We found out about this hotel through an apartment service because we were having a hard time finding one room for the 5 of us. After reading further reviews, including a mention in Rick Steve's, we booked for 7 nights. Great location, 5-10 minute walk from Victoria. Eccelston Square provides nice ambience. Interior is typical London/European hotel, nothing fancy. Not sure it deserves a 3 star rating. I wouldn't recommend this if you need a Concierge or hotel staff to provide guidance. The staff's limited English skills makes communication beyond the basic hotel needs difficult. I am most upset by the fast one they tried to pull on us when we requested a taxi for early Sunday morning to Heathrow. They fed us a line that taxi's charged double rates on Sundays (wrong) and that black taxi's wouldn''t be able to take 5 people and our luggage (wrong). Their rate of 65 bp was 15 bp greater than a black taxi on the meter. If it had been later in the day, we could have probably negotiated something less. There are enough other London hotel options, I would not recommend this one. Also, beware if you use your room's phone to call a cell phone, their rates are ridiculously high (they do have a card in the room showing rates but a 12 minute call to a London cell phone was 19 bp - $38). My bill also showed three phone calls that were not mine.	
Mar 27 2008 	Standard European Hotel	There appears to be more than one Elizabeth Hotel in London. The one we stayed at was on a quiet street with row houses and near Victoria Station. It was about 2 minutes from the coach station and 5 minutes from the train/underground station. The hotel was your basic European hotel. No frills, just a clean room and nice bed. Though it was cold and even snowed while we were there, our room was very hot. The window had been left open so I'm assuming we weren't the only ones hot. We slept with the window open and a fan in the window and were still hot. Our room was on the 4th floor and the elevator was small. Once we got to the 4th floor we had to walk down a narrow staircase to get to our room. I felt like I was in a rabbit's hole. The staff was nice and allowed us to leave our luggage as we arrived before check-in. We slept too late for breakfast but it smelled wonderful. We were only in London for 2 nights and the hotel served it purpose. It was affordable for London. I would stay there again. After reading reviews of the Elizabeth on your sight, some sound like this hotel and some are obviously not.	
Mar 25 2008 	ok but not worth the money	Stayed for one night with boyfriend. Looked at pictures and info on internet and thought it looked really nice.Location of hotel - very hard to find but once we knew where we were it was a very easy walk to and from tube station.Staff were very polite and very helpful. Paid alot of money, only to find that our room was very very disappointing. I asked for double bed and although it was relatively comfortable, it was very small and only had a thin sheet to cover us! Bathroom extremely small and view from window - horrible. Room was the right temperature.Overall the hotel was very clean and it is London after all, so you dont get much for your money.	
Mar 19 2008 	Not worth the money	Was offered the hotel for a meeting - someone else paying - looked on the web site and pleasantly pleasedWhen I arrived room OK - basic but quite large and en suite (it was in the annexe outside)However I had a very disturbed night - dont know if it was air traffic above or some other factor - air con unitsStaff not helpful and wouldnt offer any refund or explanation only a change of roomI needed to stay another night however didnt want to stay here so I went up the street and got a room at the Jubilee for about £40 less - and I slept much better thereI wont go back	
Feb 24 2008	Typical Bead and Breakfast	The Elizabeth Hotel was a typical London Bed and Breakfast in a quiet, up-market square. We only styed for one night but the hotel was adequate enough. It was clean, quiet and generally pleasant. The room (a double with ensuite) was fine, there was a nice view over the square, a little small, but afterall, it was only for one night and I don't think I would have liked to have spent a week there. When we arrived, we registered quickly and our luggage was taken into storage for us. We went to see a show that evening and arrived back to the hotel late (around eleven o'clock). We were quickly let into the hotel and whilst travelling back at that late hour, there were no unpleasant people loitering in the street. The Breakfast the next morning was nice, but small, however it was edible all the same.	
Feb 6 2008 	Very nice hotel with good transport links	Me and my family of four spent the weekend in London, and decided that 'The Elizabeth Hotel' looked like a nice place for a single nights stay.When we got to the front door of the hotel we were impressed by the area it was in. Whwn i rang the bell the first time, the door was not unlocked, because at that moment there was no one at the front desk. We stood at the front for about 5 minutes, before it was finally opened. This is the only problem we had for the whole visit. We told the very polite receptionist we had a reservation, and he confirmed it. As it was 10am we were not able to go into the room, as we were told that it would be ready at 2pm (we were told this via e-mail in advance). This would have been a problem as a suitcase that is big enough to hold everything needed for four people for a weekend is a big one (trust me it is!), and this would have been hard to haul around London for 4 hours. The rceptionist said we could leave all our bags in a room just of the hall that ws very conveniant.The journey to the room from reception was a bit like a maze, but this adds to the charm of the hotel i think. The quad room was small but big enough for 4 people. It was thoroughly clean, which is always important, the bathroom was also completely functional. We walked home from Victoria station on the Saturday night at about 11pm, and felt completely safe. We got in to the hotel with no problem and got up to the room. The rooms are very warm (this is in February, and there was no heating on!), and although it takes a lot to get me too hot when in bed, I ended up lieing on top of the duvet. The bed itself was perfectly comfy. The people above us made a bit of noise that was just moving around, but was noisier than i would expect footsteps to be. Although this was for 5 mins and was not really a problem.The breakfast was very efficient, there was a nice atmosphere, and the food was nice aswell. The staff throughout our stay were very polite, which is always good. The checkout was very efficient, and the oerall stay was very pleasing. Just to add that the nearby underground and coach station was extremely conveniant for our stay.	
Jan 1 2008 	Cheap and Nasty Hotel!	I booked a three person room with private bathroom for one night, only to be told by the guy when i arrived that he was losing money because i had only booked for one night and he could have sold it to someone for more nights. As i told him - it's not my problem, however he continued ranting and raving even when we got into the room - how rude and unwelcoming. The room had 5 beds in it for some reason and quite mediocre, matresses were ok. It was below the ground floor and right at the front of the hotel and quite noisy at night. It said a private bathroom which was over the other side of the hall - the toilet didnt work as it nearly overflowed when the flush was pushed. The private bathroom resembled something more like from a smelly train station, so manky and smelly, a concrete floor, the shower was on the same level as the toilet with only a drain in the floor to denote this was where the shower was - the whole bathroom is wet when the shower is on.i only booked this hotel as it was on the internet and the photos looked quite ok, which was misleading. This area has a whole heap of hotels and i would highly recommend viewing them before booking a hotel on the internet like this one. Any hotel or hostel for that matter is better than this wannabe-hotel. I definately won't be going back!	
Dec 11 2007 	A fair note based on the same price range	I was in London, early Nov, with my husband for our 1st trip to Europe from Singapore. I see very mixed comments abt the Elizabeth and to be fair, I have to say that this hotel is better than some of the other BB in the same areas, at the same price range, rooms and breakfast wise.I also stayed in the Surtees hotel which is nearby and both hotels have their strengths and weaknesses.Elizabeth HotelStrengths: clean room, clean common toilet (if you have opt for a room without an ensuite toilet), nice, warm, hearty English breakfast. We stayed at the top level and the lift goes to the 4th level, the 1 level climb was still manageable for both of us.Weakness: bed is too soft and lumpy, we both ended up with backaches during our stay of 6 days. The problem got better only after we got to Paris where our BB had a much harder bed. My husband has serious back problems, so this is the main reason that we will not return to Elizabeth in the future unless they change their beds.Surtees Hotel:Strengths: at the same price i paid for a double bed room without an ensuite toilet, this place offered the ensuite toilet. Bed was harder than Elizabeth, i.e. not backache inducingWeakness: Stairway was even narrower than the Elizabeth and there is no lift at all in the entire hotel. We were lucky to be on the 2nd level. Breakfast was only toast, fruits and cereals, cold and not satisfying at all. There is also no proper luggage storage area, where we can deposit the luggage after checking out. We were told to just leave them near to the main exit!1 last tip:do NOT travel to London or anywhere in Europe with a heavy luggage. In Singapore and many Asian cities, where we come from, we are pampered with subway/metro stations that has escalators/lifts from the platform all the way to the ground level. But in Europe, where the subways are the oldest in the world, there are only stairs. Having backpacks or manageable trolley bags is the only way to avoid straining yourself.We were very glad to have travelled with 2 small bags and not 1 big one. I feel absolutely sorry for tanie31, but to be fair, I have to say that all BB hotels of this price range are similar in London, so being better prepared is the only way to avoid having such bad experiences. Remember, London is a very old city, buildings like Eceleston Park in Victoria, are more than 100 yrs old, what more can you expect? Also rooms in most London BB are all very small, so small that you hardly have walking space after laying your trolley on the floor- be prepared...	
Oct 29 2007 	Absolutely terrible hotel	I stayed at The Elizabeth Hotel in May on my first overseas trip from Australia. After a 23 hour flight I arrived at the hotel to find that my room was not ready. I was able to wash my face etc in the smallest toilet/bathroom ever. When I arrived back to go into my room I found that I was on the top floor. However, the lift did not go all the way to the top floor and so I had to drag my 20kg suitcase up 2 flights of very narrow stairs. As a small girl travelling on my own this proved a little difficult! I was by this stage dying for a shower.....After 5 minutes of running the water I went to reception to tell them the shower was cold only to be told by the very unfriendly reception staff that you need to run it for around 15 minutes!!!! What a waste of water! It got worse cause that afternoon the boiler broke and so there was no hot water for the rest of the stay. Just what you need when it 's cold outside and you've been sightseeing all day. So, whilst the location was ok, the breakfast was ordinary, the staff were quite unfriendly, the room and bathroom were small and they need to invest in a new boiler and a lift that goes all the way to the top! London itself was fabulous but I would never stay again or recommend this hotel EVER.	
Oct 16 2007	Very Nice Hotel Great Location	We opted to book a studio apartment at this hotel as there was two of us and we did not want to be crawling over each other in a twin room. It was a good choice, the kitchen was very nice and stocked with every utensile needed,including toaster, kettle and microwave. The room had 1 twin bed and 1 double and a sofa and chair and table and tv. It also had a hairdryer and fan and the bathroom was normal sized with tub and shower and shelves to put toiletries. There were amenities in the bathroom, shampoo etc. and generous towels, also coffee, tea,chocolate etc. provided in the kitchen.It was so nice to go out in the morning and do some power sightseeing and then pick up a sandwich and come back to the room and put our feet up and have a cup of coffee. Then we would head out again for our afternoon sightseeing and come back for a drink and nibblies before heading out for dinner. We always had cheese or pate that we picked up at one of the local delis.Lots of great resturants in that area and deli's and food stores to pick up food. There are several places in Victoria station which is five minutes away to pick up food. We saved a lot of money having that studio to bring food back to.The breakfast room is quite pretty with lace table cloths and nice dinnerware. The breakfasts are the best I've ever had in London. Absolutely everything you would want. Cereals, yogurt, fruit, eggs cooked to order with bacon or sausage, toast, coffe, fruit juice etc.Yes the elevator is small, but it is new and mirrored which does not make it seem too claustrophobic.Only complaint would be the beds are a little hard and we had to run the shower for quite a while to get hot water in the morning. I can't speak for the size of the twin or double rooms as we didn't see any but the studio was very comfortable. And yes some of the carpeting shows a little wear, however this is not the Sheraton.Someone in another review said they were charged 30 pounds for long distance using a phone card. We inquired about this and was told that this could happen and you have to dial 9 to get an outside line and it negates the phone card number and calls to some countries are 3 pounds a minute. We phoned Wales from our room and were only charged 30p per minute, came to about 1 GBP for the entire call. So some info here is misleading.In all we thought it was a nice hotel, terrific location and would go back again!	
Sep 16 2007	OK for London	Stayed 2 nights in room 18 on the 4th floor. Small twin room at the front of the hotel overlooking the garden.Reception was just a desk in the lounge with an office to the side of the desk.Small lift to the 4th floor and quite slow.Narrow passage way to rooms.Small twin room with tiny shower room. Not much space for suit case etc. T V, telephone,hairdryer,tea tray/kettle and a fan. Good breakfast in the basement.Paid £110 a night.Not too bad for London. 5 minute walk from Victoria station.Take the exit at platform 1 / 2 . Turn right out of station. Cross road at top,turn left infront of Comfort inn, then right into Eccleston square.No 37 is to the left at the end.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great location old and cramped	We stayed in this small hotel for a few nights in late July and after the first night, felt like we were paying much more than necessary to be in this quiet and clean neighbourhood. There are a few other hotels within a block of this hotel and should be considered when booking your travels. It was already too late for us to move, so we stayed put.This hotel offers a variety of rooms and apartment suites, which was very convenient for us since we were in a large group. While the suites were quite tight, they did offer everything as advertised, including a full kitchen with mini appliances and a washer/dryer combo unit. Still, the building is old and the flooring and washroom felt aged and dirty. The bathroom sink was clogged with the hair of previous guests and it felt like the whole place needed a good scrubbing.We had read other reviews of this hotel before our trip and were quick to book an a/c unit when making our reservation as others have recommended. However since it happened to be unseasonably cool when we visited, we returned the device after the first night. The a/c unit costs GBP 9.95/night and takes up a fair bit of room in a space that is already rather cramped.Our suite was on the top floor (4th floor), which was nice since we didn't have people above us. The elevator seems new, but it's very small and slow, and it stopped on us a couple of times during our stay, though we always managed to get out at the next floor. There is a staircase, but it runs by some of the suites and I imagine it would get quite noisy. The one suite on the ground floor next to the elevators and stairs had their &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign hung the whole time, which I took as a reminder to how thin the walls were. Wouldn't want to get stuck in that room!If you're going to take advantage of the breakfast included in the room rate, I suggest going extra early. Near the end, the wait is long to get a table and the kitchen has run out of everything but cold cereal.Also, be sure to test your room safe. While ours worked fine, the one in a relative's room opened using both the code he had set and the combination 123456. The hotel is near Victoria station, but is still a 5-10 minute walk away. There are a few restaurants, pubs and shops in the area, which were pretty convenient. We never heard any traffic or voices from the street. The front desk is very friendly, but there were a few times that we had questions and couldn't find anyone. They're supposedly staffed 24-hours, but it isn't clear how to contact someone if there isn't anyone physically there.All in all, we had a decent stay here.	
Jul 23 2007 	Bed Bug Palace!	I am writing this to warn fellow travellers. The reviews for this hotel were mixed - so I decided to take the chance as it offerred an apartment style room, which suited my long stay needs at the time (1 month). The facilities met the expectations I had gained from web surfing on this hotel, and I was initially happy with the decision to stay at this hotel.After about one week I started to notice irritating bites on my skin in areas not covered by my pyjamas. At first I had thought that some insect must have bitten me at some time during the day, but the bites just increased in number and more obvious over the next few days. I was confused as to what how I was being bitten, and soon suspected bed bugs. When I raised the issue with the manager, my complaint was dismissed. After making more of a fuss, the room was sprayed, but with assertions that it was not bed bugs. Ultimately - I caught several of them and presented the evidence to the night manager. I was given another room for the night. In the chain of excuses, the manager did claim that I must have brought them from Sydney - even though this was clearly not the case aas I had directly travelled from my home, which is not in Sydney.Management showed very little interest in solving the problem, and ultimately I moved to another hotel (the Lime Tree - much nicer and sympathetic to my plight at the hands of the Elizabeth Hotel). Management of the Elizabeth Hotel made no apologies to me, no acknowledgement of the sleepless nights I endured, and the embarassing skin disfigurement caused by the bites. There was also no offer of compensation for the inconvenience, or the cost I incurred in laundering my clothes to ensure the bugs did not follow me.Management of the Elizabeth Hotel demonstrated no embarassment in this situation, and no sympathy for my plight of their making.A situation like this can be bad luck and beyond the hotel to eliminate out of all possibility. However, the response by the hotel is well within the capability of hotel management to deal with. Management of the hotel showed an uncaring attitude that is in hindsight evident in many of the other reviews.I doubt the bed bug problem would be noticed in a short stay, as most guests would simply assume some insect bite them at some time, and would not be able to track it back to the hotel.My experience tips the balance of mixed reviews well to the negative side. Travellers are advised to stay away - there are better hotels in the area with equivalent or better rates.	
Jul 18 2007 	Fine Hotel close to Victoria Station	Our party of six spent one night at the Elizabeth Hotel in June. Overall we felt the hotel worked out fine for us. It is very convenient to Victoria Station. The outside of the hotel is beautifully done with lovely flowers and I would highly recommend that if you like flowers/gardens that you get the key from the front dest to the private neighborhood garden. We enjoyed a wonderful walk in the garden on the evening of our arrival. The rooms seemed clean and were decently appointed although throughout the hotel there is definitely a &quot;worn&quot; feeling. The linens, some of the furniture, etc. are in need of updating. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was fast, however it was so fast, and some of the plates were brought out as incorrect orders that is seemed the kitchen was just quickly putting plates together - not necessarily cooking to order. Overall, the hotel was okay but I think we may have been able to find something better for comparable prices.	
Jul 14 2007	Decent hotel close to Victoria Station	My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for one night. It was very convenient to Victoria Station &amp; the Gatwick Express. We were on the third floor. The room was small, but OK for the three of us. We did book the air conditioner in advance, which was helpful. It's a portable one and when using it, the window must be left open; there wasn't much noise though, so that wasn't a problem. The beds were not too comfortable - the double bed sagged in the middle. The bedspread was stained, but overall the room was clean. The safe was a nice feature. The bathroom was clean, but the tub was difficult to get in and out of. It was extremely slippery, with no mat and nothing to hold on to. The breakfast was good.	
Jun 19 2007 	Wouldn't Go Back	The Elizabeth looked attractive from the outside and was on a fairly quiet street, across from a pretty private park. Our room was reasonably spacious and clean. The beds were very uncomfortable--minewas hard and lumpy. In our six night stay, the sheets were only changed on the last night--after the second note I left requesting that they be changed. The safe and blow dryer did not work. There was a twenty minute wait to be seated for the indifferent breakfast.And the staff was quite indifferent to the guests. One day on our way out, the clerk was sitting behind her desk doing nothing, while new arrivals rang the doorbell and knocked on the door. We felt quitenervous at night coming back from the tube station, because homeless people hung out at the end of the street. The air conditioner was an interesting portable contraption that every four hours would sound an alarm and cut off until you emptied the water collector. I definitely would not stay there again.	
Jun 12 2007 	Better Thank Expected	I spent 3 days in June at the Elizabeth hotel. I booked a triple room. The room was small but livable. The bedding needs upgrading.The breakfast was good. the location of the hotel was excellent. It is 2 blocks from Victoria station. Although a little seedy at night, we had no problems.There seems to be many B&amp;B's in this area. I didn't check prices, so I can't compare. Overall,if I couldn't find a comparably priced NAME hotel ,I would stay here again.	
May 11 2007 	Great B 	Stayed at the Elizabeth Hotel for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay very much. If you want to get away from the large chain hotels, then consider the Elizabeth at 37 Eccleston Square, Victoria, London. The Elizabeth is a delightful bed and breakfast close to all amenities.Staff were all very friendly and welcoming and the hotel certaintly has the best breakfast (included in the price) I have had for a long time in a hotel.	
Apr 16 2007	some quiet some loud	Remember - in the UK not all rooms have their own toilet. The room we reserved had a shower and sink, and the toilet was in the hallway. We ended up changing when we got there, and they were very sweet to let us do so. The hotel is about an 8-10 minute walk from Victoria train station (where the Gatwick express and metro are), a 5 minute walk to the Victoria coach (bus) station, and a 15 minute walk to see the Queen at Buckingham Palace. The breakfast was included in the room's cost, and was pretty tasty. They had cereal, juice, coffee, breads, and eggs and meats made to order!	
Apr 10 2007 	It is getting better with each visit!	I have been a guest of the Elizabeth Hotel since September of 1979 and although the tariff has gone up significantly, so has the service and the amenities. The hotel is located in a charming and quiet neighbourhood, just a short walk to Victoria Station. It also serves one of the best breakfasts in the city and has THE BEST Orange Juice, ever!!As I frequently stay here, I thought it to be appropriate to finally review my stays here. Very nice, very clean, highly recommended.	
Feb 20 2007	Reasonable hotel in Central London comfortable rooms	I stayed at &quot;The Elizabeth&quot; in June 2006 in two roooms- one for myself and the other for my 80 year old grandmother.Rooms: Failry spartan, but comfortable. My room had a shower and basin, but no toilet. My grandmothers was Ensuite. Airconditioning was an additional charge, but is not normally necessary in London.Location: Great. 7 minute walk to Victoria Station (tube, National Rail, shopping, grocery). Restaurants were around the corner and plentiful. Cabs stopped right outside the hotel.Hotel in general: Pleasant breakfast room, comfortable reception area, friendly and accomodating staff. There was also a lovely garden that was accessible with a key from the reception.I would absolutely stay here again. The price was very good for this central area of London.	
Nov 28 2006 	Excellent Location	My husband and I have stayed at The Elizabeth (on Eccleston Square) in Victoria, London 4 years ago. We booked our stay there again this past October 2006 because of the value, the location and the B&amp;B atmosphere. Although the prices have gone up a little in the past 4 years, it was still very reasonable for todays market price. The location is just a few blocks from the Victoria Station, which makes it very convenient to reach any place you want to go to in London. The facility has a nice Victorian era feel to it. There is only one lift that you have to change floors on- so if that is a problem you may want to request a ground floor room. The full English breakfast was excellent and included in the price of the room. The staff did not seem to be locals but they were very friendly. Both of our stays we were able to drop off our bags before check in and go off and start our vist of London. I was very satisfied with our stay and would highly recommend it to friends. There area is close enough to walk to Buckingham Palace and St James Park. The area felt safe-which is not always the case in London. Of course, one should always be aware of ones surroundings. We plan to stay there again the next time we go back in 2010. Also, get the London Pass and the Transportation Pass (tube and buses). If you are planning on visiting more than 4 sights then it was well worth having and made it nice not to have to search for change for entrance and bus or tube fees. Enjoy your stay and not spend a fortune at the Elizabeth on Eccleston Square in Victoria, London.	
Oct 17 2006 	not without flaws but will definitely return again	The Elizabteh Hotel was better than I expected, but then again, I did not expect much based on the mixed reviews that I received. So for those of you with high expectations, it may not be a place for you.I stayed there from 3-6 Oct, and was travelling alone. I had a room on the 4th floor, which was quite alright given that there was a lift. I also felt safe staying there as a female lone traveller. The weather was good, so I did not need a fan and did not have to open my windows very wide for the room to be of a comfortable temperature and ventilation. The single room was small, but sufficient. It was not as nice as the picture on their website, but it was alright for me. Also, the kettle provided in the room to boil water looked a bit dodgy - the heating coil looked like it was coated with a funny looking layer. But hot water was readily available at the lobby, so while it was a tad inconvenient, i was able to fill up my water bottle easily. One thing I did not like was that the floorboards seem to be loose and the walls a bit thin... so if the people staying above and next to you wake up early/sleep late, be prepared to be disturbed, which was the case for me. I found the noise from the floorboards and thin walls to be annoying. However, the area was nice and quiet, which was pleasant. The location was average for me. A bit disappointed with their service. I arrived slightly more than 1 hour earlier and was informed that my room was not ready, and that I could only check-in at the stipulated time. So I spent my time reading in the lobby while waiting for the check-in time. Apparently, my room was ready before the check-in but the staff did not inform me. I saw one family checking in and had to go up and ask the staff if I could check in. It was only then that she inform me that I could. So was a bit annoyed at this. In addition, housekeeping did not replace some stuff upon removing them, e.g. the bathroom floor mat . However, the staff there were generally friendly, polite, and helpful.Pleasantly surprised by the breakfast served. It tasted good, and food arrived warm quite soon after ordering. But be warned about the breakfast room if you're a cleanliness freak. I sat at the same table for breakfast for all the days that i was there and noticed that the table cloth had the same stains every day. But the cutlery was clean, so it didn't bother me. Overall, my stay was quite pleasant, and I would definitely stay there again if I were to visit London again. But if you're particular about quality, you might find it disappointing.	
Oct 3 2006 	Quaint But Disappointing	We chose the Elizabeth Hotel because of its proximity to Victoria Station and the recommendation of travel guru Rick Steves. While the facility is charming, it leaves much to be desired.When we arrived, we were sent to a basement room. It was cramped and very hot. Upon calling the office we were told there was a fan in the closet. It didn't help. We were moved to another room upstairs that had windows in the bedroom and bathroom, so there was some ventilation. However, this room was nowhere near the elevator. We either had to haul our luggage up 5 flights of stairs or take the elevator up and come down 4 flights of stairs.The hotel is made up of several buildings, so it is very confusing to navigate, even with the signage provided.The staff were all pleasant and very helpful. But the facility is one I would not visit again.	
Sep 2 2006 	Great location	We stayed there for two days. The location of hotel is really great just few minutes to get to Victoria station. The hotel is situated in a quite square with a lovely garden. Our room which supposed to be a simple double room turned to be a family room so we got one large and one small beds. The second one was very useful as it was the place for our baggage (the room was rather small).The bathroom was clean but tiny. So in whole the hotel was ok. Maybe we will stay there again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Mixed thoughts	Stayed here for four nights during the blistering heat in July. We had the double bed with 2 singles and this was ample for our needs. It could be imporved with some cosmetic touches such as a good paint job and some new clean bedspreads and curtains. We did find it extremely hot as we were not able to book the airconditioning until our 3rd day. The unit cooled nicely but needed emptying every 3 hours. We were on the main floor with flowers on our window sill. Unfourtunately, we did get some ants coming in through the window which we couldn't close because of the AC. We arrived just before 2 and our room wasn't ready until close to 230. We put our stuff in the small storage room until it was ready. The safe was a nice feature. Breakfast was very good, except for the very hot glasses, which in a heat wave was a disappointment when all you wanted was a cold drink. No faceclothes available, but we noticed this in Edinburgh too, a British thing? The tub very tricky to get in and out with no handrails available or bath mats to prevent slipping. Close to Victoria Station, although in the heat we chose to take taxis. We arranged for a taxi to the airport for our trip home, thinking we were getting a regular cab. Even though I told the girl at reception we were 4 people with 4 large suitcases, a small private car arrived. He then had to call for a minivan, which then cost us 55pounds instead of the 40 we were quoted the night before. Having said that a taxi is around 50 and the minivan was a very comfy ride. So all in all, mixed feelings on whether I would stay there again. Certainly not in July. I don't have anything to compare it to in London. However we stayed at a Travelodge in Edinburgh for much cheaper with basically the same amenities except for the breakfast, but I guess a cheaper place in London is hard to come by. Nice to be able to have all of us in one room, which was hard to find in my internet searches.	
Jul 17 2006	Good value and great location	I took my son and his friend (both aged 14) to the Elizabeth at Easter. We stayed in two twin rooms and they were both fine.I found the hotel to be clean and the staff were helpful and had lots of information about transport and places to visit.Surprisingly we ate in the hotel most nights. The food was good and the prices by London standards were a bargain.The boys played football in Hyde Park after breakfast to allow me to read my newspaper in peace.We appreciated the good transport links and safe area as we went to the theatre each night.returning lateThe Elizabeth is not an anonymous chain hotel but if you like something individual and not at all intimidating you will enjoy your stay.	
Jul 10 2006	Hot and cramped Hotel	After reading reviews both on Trip Advisor, Rick Steves' book and researching the hotel web site, I decided to book this hotel for our family of four for one night. Huge mistake.Although the hotel was very close to Victoria Station and was easy to walk to it was the wrong choice. We arrived late at night after informing the hotel that we would be arriving late and we were met by a very nice evening clerk who was pleasant but new. He informed us our room was downstairs?? Downstairs? They had assigned us a room in the basement. Room #37. Ok I thought, at least it will be cooler and we will not have to keep the air conditioning on all night. Was I ever wrong. The main point I researched on their web site was their promise of air conditioning. Don't bank on it folks. A sign on their desk says you have to book the air conditioning by 2PM that day. Well if you don't arrive before then and are not aware of the fact you are our of luck. And mind you, the downstairs is like an oven. There are 2 sections to the basement, one where the breakfast room is (which is nicely cooled) and then there are doors there seperate where the guest rooms are. That my folks is where the oven is. OK, I thought again, we'll just open the window to get some cool air in. Oh was I ever wrong again. Our window opened up into a shaft style walkway that looked straight into the fan/cooling/heating system for the hotel. Fans clicked and groaned all night outside directly into our little window. And I do mean little. I took a picture of it and will post it along with this review.The room was a furnace with no air movement at all. It was a quad room, a double bed and 2 twin beds. Compared to the quad rooms that we booked elsewhere in Italy, this was the most cramped. You could barely walk around the double bed to get to the bathroom. The bathroom itself was clean but you had to take a giant step up into the tub which was extremly slippery with no rubber mat. Found it to be extremly dangerous. Toilet paper was set on the counter top, no holder. The double bed sagged sadly in the middle so we felt like we were pressed together in the middle all night in a crease. Which didn't help that we now had body heat along with the heat of the room. Breakfast the next morning. We were seated right away in the breakfast room and I selected the self service buffet (continental breakfast) and my husband chose the full breakfast that came with the room. Mistake. The server gave my husbands breakfast away to the table next door and we waited over a 1/2 hour to get what everyone else was getting in 10 minutes. Even after checking with the girl it took another 15 minutes to get the breakfast. The &quot;lace&quot; table cloth looked like it hadn't been washed in weeks. There were grease stains, jam stains, crumbs and who knows what else on it. Filthy.All in all, this hotel was hugely dissapointing in all aspects. We stayed in 5 medium priced hotels in our Europe trip this summer after our Med cruise and this one was at the bottom. I would not recommend it or stay here again.	
May 25 2006	Does what it says on the tin!	Had a 2 night stay in London with my wife and after reading a mixed bag of reviews, decided on the Elizabeth in Eccleston Square. We were not disappointed. The signs were good from the start when we found this hotel was reassuringly busy!Although the room was not huge, it was thoroughly clean with modern furniture, a proper bathroom with a bath-tub, simple but good decor and tea/coffee making facilities and, importantly to us, a safe in the room (which there was no charge to use!). The staff on the front desk are friendly and knowledgable and always ready to make a recommendation for dinner. The garden opposite the hotel is a 'must see' and we did, three times in fact. Breakfast was the real plus though, an excellent choice of food, including cooked breakfast and it was served with a smile on both mornings! All in all, a pleasant stay with no real moans!We don't stay in London very often, but we'll be back at The Elizabeth the next time we do.	
Jan 24 2006	Okay place to stay - you get what you pay for	Close to the Victoria Station. Staff was helpful and the breakfast was good. Our twin room was extremely small and extremely hot. Overall Elizabeth Hotel is a okay place to stay for one or two nights but to me the Elizabeth hotel was a disappointment.	
Dec 13 2005 	Good Budget Hotel	This hotel serves its purpose well. It was a cheap stay in central London which was cofortable, clean and very warm and cosy.This is a budget hotel so there aren't many frills. Instead what you get is a good but basic standard of accommodation. My room was spotlessly clean, of average size, had a small WC with shower, TV, kettle etc and a phone - everything I needed for my short business trip and a price-tag to match - about 89 British Pounds for a small double room and breakfast.It's in an old terraced building close to Victoria Station which was ideal.While the building is old the rooms seem newly and simply decorated.Breakfast was excellent and cooked to order.Many of the staff were foreign, possibly eastern European but were helpful and pleasant. No restaurant but plenty nearby.Old-fashioned decor in the hallways with old photographs made it feel homely.It's not luxurious but it is comfortable and I would stay here again.	
Dec 7 2005	Friendly and fabulous	We are arriving in London next week and will be staying at the London Elizabeth Hotel. We have had a thousand questions and updated our booking at the last minute but nothing has been a problem for them. The service has been outstanding. The person we have been dealing with is Kate and she has been so fast and helpful with her replies and information. We decided on this hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor and I know we've made the right decision. I'll put a review of the hotel on tripadvisor after staying, but from what I've experienced so far, I have no doubts that it's going to be wonderful.	
Oct 17 2005	Fantastic Location	We stayed at the Elizabeth (Two adults &amp; two teenagers)for six nights in June. It is a charming hotel/terrace opposite Hyde Park (wonderful for morning walks), a hop skip and a jump to the tube and a bus outside. A little corner store around the corner. We had the top floor and wouldn't stay there again the lift is tiny, quite a walk up the stairs and it was very hot. Floor two/three overlooking the street and park would be best. The hotel could do with a revamp. Service was great. Breakfast was really good and we would stay there again.	
Jul 5 2005	Ask Many questions before you book!	We were a very late arrival our first night there. The &quot;double room&quot; was literally a shoebox in size. It truly looked like a closet. The next day, I asked to change rooms. Initially, the front desk person said there were no rooms. After I persisted, they came up with a new room, for the same room rate, that was much larger. I checked the published rates, and discovered there are &quot;small&quot; and &quot;standard&quot; doubles. I clearly had a small double the first night, and a &quot;standard&quot; the next, but they refused to adjust my bill insisting the rooms were the same size. The rooms are shabby, but clean. Had the staff been more pleasant and accomodating, I would not hesitate to recommend it. The location is convenient, but I think there are better values in London with staff that truly understands customer service.	
Jun 15 2005	Family spaces at last in London	After many hours online trying to find hotel accomodation for a family group of six, we read your reviews of this hotel near Victoria station, excellent choice, we had two bedrooms and a fully equipped kitchen and living room with foldout beds for two, there was one double bed, two singles also. The rooms were spotlessly clean, the staff was friendly and informative, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling with family, rooms that are suitable for more than two people are very hard to find. The breakfast that was included was excellent, cooked to order and we thoroughly enjoyed being there.	
Jun 10 2005	Beautiful private park	Very convenient location. Excellent breakfast. Loved the private park.Friendly, helpful staff.	
Apr 27 2005	A lovely hotel on a beautiful square.	Our family of five just returned from a wonderful three-night stay at the Elizabeth Hotel. We found the hotel clean, well-appointed, and well-maintained, the breakfast ample, well served, and well prepared, and the staff perfectly helpful and competent. Although in a busy, convenient, area, the square itself is quite peaceful and quiet. If you stay at the Elizabeth Hotel, do not miss the opportunity to spend a few relaxing hours in the exquisite square itself. Just ask the receptionist for the key. It is a beautifully maintained botanical garden with room for children to run and play. I would certainly stay at the Elizabeth Hotel again and would recommend it to my friends. Of course getting upgraded from a family room to a 2-bedroom flat for no extra cost certainly contributed to our impression of the place; indeed it convinced me that it would probably be worth paying the extra money for the flat if I ever stayed there again. Besides just enjoyed the additional space, we were able to do laundry there and had a kitchenette, which allowed us to avoid the expense of taking all our meals in restaurants.	
Mar 17 2005 	Booked for the boss	Booking an unknown hotel for someone else (in this case, the Boss) - is always a scary thing to do. On Tuesday 15th March, all my usual City hotels were full. Using the reviews on Trip Advisor and booking through Wotif, I picked the Elizabeth Hotel. Not close to the City, but close to travel links. Its not easy to find a hotel which meets his &quot;good night's sleep&quot; requirements - but this one did.	
Feb 16 2005	Was okay	The Elizabeth Hotel is a quaint hotel. It is in great location next to Victoria Train Station. Our room (triple) was extremely small for 3 people but the room was clean and we had a balcony facing Eccleston Square. The staff was helpful although I don't really think they liked Americans all that much.	
Jan 17 2005	Great Location	Room was small but clean. Bathroom was average size and also clean. Staff was pleasant and breakfast was very good. I'd recommend it.	
Jan 5 2005	good location mediocre hotel	Close to Vitoria Station (walking distance), very quaint street. This is a classic example of you get what you pay for. I wanted something in that area on short notice that was &quot;local&quot;. Found the room on a late rooms web site for under 100gbp. The room was good for sleeping, and that is about it. Bathroom was nothing to get excited about. The help seemed to be mostly young immigrants, not truely hospitality professionals.For one cheap quick night in London it was ok, but I'll take my chances on the many other choices next time.	
Nov 1 2004	Mediocre Start to Finish	I should have known it was a bad sign when they couldn't find my reservation, despite having used the hotel's own web site. Yes, they eventually did give me a room, bouncing some poor (large) family to another hotel -- I wound up in a room for 5, with a view of a ventilation shaft instead of Eccleston Square as I'd been led to believe when making the reservation.The room was basic. The &quot;full English&quot; breakfast was grudging, maybe the least welcoming breakfast I had in 2+ weeks in England. The room was hot (temp couldn't be adjusted). TV was basic, no cable channels.On the plus side: close location to Victoria Station was good, and the neighborhood seemed fine.Overall a disappointment. Not a disaster -- no rats, no break-ins -- but pretty much without charm.	
Oct 12 2004	This is not the London Elizabeth!	My friend and I spent many hours of many days researching London hotels on Trip Advisor. We found a bargain hotel with great reviews: The London Elizabeth Hotel. For months, that was where we thought we were staying for the first two days of our trip in September. That was until we looked at the e-mail confirmation and found out that we had actually booked a room for the Elizabeth Hotel. The reviews for the Elizabeth Hotel weren't nearly as good, but being big believers in fate, we decided to keep our reservation. We had very low expectations, which may have helped, but we were pleased for the most part. The hotel was reasonably close to Victoria Station, but after taking a red eye flight and not sleeping all night, it did seem a bit far to walk (a cab would've been a good idea). The staff ranged from indifferent to snotty, and were fairly useless, but we didn't really need anything while we were there. We had to walk up about 20 flights of stairs to get to our room (no lifts), which wasn't fun. Despite not being air conditioned, the room stayed pretty cool, even when it got to 80 degrees outside (Fahrenheit--obviously). The bathroom was okay: the shower was great, but the wall next to the toilette jutted out at an angle, and my legs were too long to sit normally. So, for the first time in my life, I had to use the toilette sitting sideways. That's one memory I'll always have of the Elizabeth Hotel. Other than that, nothing too memorable--just an okay place to stay.	
Sep 28 2004	good location	We stayed at Elizabeth Hotel in February, 2004. The family room was small for 2 adults and 2 children, but served our purposes. For travellers with heavy luggage it might be inconvenient, though. The bathroom was in good condition. The English breakfast was wonderful and the breakfast room was very clean. The location of the hotel is excellent, especially since we arrived at Victoria Coach Station from Stansted Airport.	
Jun 29 2004	Just OK		
May 13 2004	Good place to stay		
Apr 23 2004	Not bad		
Apr 4 2004	Nice location poor service		
Mar 24 2004	Stolen Medicine		
Jan 22 2004	Not up to advertisment.		
Jan 22 2004	Really nice place to stay		
Nov 24 2003	Great Location		
Jul 9 2003	The best stay I have ever had in London!		
Mar 17 2003	Watch the phone charges!		
Oct 29 2009 	Très agréable		
May 4 2009 	pro e contro		
Mar 5 2009 	Elizabeth Hotel veramente perfetto!		
Nov 24 2008 	un ottimo consiglio!		
Nov 1 2008	Hôtel de rapport qualité/prix correct connaissant les tarifs londoniens...		
Oct 12 2008 	hotel pulito comodo per trasporti ed abbastanza confortevole		
Sep 18 2008 	Bastante bien para ser Londres		
Aug 21 2008 	per chi ama lo stile british		
Aug 5 2008 	Very British		
Jul 22 2008 	simple propre et bien situé		
Jan 4 2008 	Comodissimo Hotel in Londra		
