Apr 29 2009	Quiet and Comfortable	The hotel was pleasant and ran by friendly and helpful staff. The room was smaller than expected but still comfortable. There was a good selection for breakfast.It has a close proximity to Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 29 2007 	We loved the White Lodge Hotel	This lovely guest house/bed and breakfast was home to us this year during our week-long, bi-annual trip to London. It was clean, easily accessible from the Underground by a short bus ride, reasonably priced, and the staff and management were extremely friendly and accommodating. While we were there, they were offering free broadband, which I was able to access from the common area of the hotel. Continental breakfast was available. Will we return? Absolutely!	
Dec 11 2006 	Avoid!!!!	Never seen anything like it.... At first it seemed like a basic but clean guest house, and the girls working there seemed nice. Well, i didn't have a clue what was next! Arrived late at night, at about 2 in the morning. The room was very basic but clean so i said, well, is not as bad as it could be, but when i decided to have a nice hot shower after being travelling all day to my surprise there was not hot water! at first i thought maybe there was some kind of problem that could be easily resolved in the morning so i had a 'very' quick shower with freezing cold water and decided to have a chat with them in the morning. When i got up, after 11am, checked the water and was still cold, so i went to the girl in charge to explain the problem. To my surprise she said that they only had water until 11, and after that i had to let them know 15 min before if i wanted to have a shower so they could switch on the boiler!!! Can you believe that!!? Anyway, i thought, ok next time i will call them ant let them know. That night arrived at about 11pm and decided to have a shower as it was a very cold night and been walking around london all day. Tried to call the girls and no one was there, so AGAIN had to have a cold shower. So i decided in the morning i would have another chat and tell them that this wasn't acceptable. And the cold water was not the only problem they call you at 8am!! yes 8 am to ask you if you want your room done. And not only once, noooo, 3 times they called me, hour after hour!! And let me tell you, is the noisiest hotel i've ever been, banging on doors all morning, terrible. So for me, that was enough. i lost my patience and said that i would not take this anymore. They either switch the boiler all day or i was leaving. the girl said she couldn't do that so i decided to leave early and requested a reduction on the 2 nights i stayed without hot water. Spoke to the owner of the hotel and let me tell you, that woman has never heard about Customer Service. She even wanted me to pay for the rest of the days as she claimed it was 72h cancelation notice!! well, well.... she would not believe i was actually 2 days in a row with no hot water, she said that no one ever complained about it and it was her who actually had a go at me!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!! anyway she started to scream like a lunatic, she would not listen to me and would not understand that i had my rights as a customer. At the end decided to pay her the FULL PRICE for the 2 nights I stayed as i there was no way to make her come to her senses. Honestly, If anyone is thinking of going there, please, AVOID IT!!!	
