Oct 23 2009 	Marriott London	Docklands might be a bit away from the centre, but a longer Tube ride is a sacrifice I was glad to make for such a nice hotel. And Canary Wharf was an attraction in itself.I highly recommend the hotel, and it can be affordable on weekend rates as well.Rooms are spacious and the view is great as well.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice trendy hotel but really out of the way	We originally had a tough time finding the hotel coming out of the 'Canary Wharf' station but after 10-15 minutes of continuous walking (with our heavy luggage), we finally managed to find it.The hotel is nice and trendy and the rooms are even better. It's ideal for business travellers, but probably not for someone there for siteseeing. It literally takes about an hour to get into the city centre and at night, it gets really quiet/dark since it's a business area.Would definitely prefer a place closer to the city centre (We have later stayed at a few of the Radisson Edwardian hotels and found that their locations are much more desireable! See my other reviews)	
Feb 13 2009 	Very Nice Would Stay Again	Stayed at these apartments for 5 days, it's very nice, would stay there again we were in a 2 bed roomed apartment, there are actually three televisions in the apartment unlike how it states on the Marriott website that there are two, nice welcome pack, mini jams in the fridge, two cartons of orange juice and one bottle of red wine, 6 packs of different mini cereals, two alpen bars, large bag of ready salted kettle chips, the oven and microwave are by Neff, everything looked brand new even though the hotel was opened in 2004, there is a washing machine and dryer on the 9th and 11th and 12th floor the executive lounge on the 9th floor is not like a standard executive lounge in Marriott you only get tea &amp; coffee in the morning, no afternoon cakes etc and no canapés in the evening etc, but you have a kitchen so you don’t need it really, and staying in the apartment if you are wanting to get Marriott reward points you only get 2.5 points per US Dollar spent accommodation only (unlike staying in a normal Marriott room where you get 10 points per US Dollar spent) and also you only accrue one night for each three you stay towards your elite profile, and you cannot use the hotel’s normal executive lounge if you are a gold or platinum Marriott member	
Oct 30 2006 	perfection? ........ perfected!	This hotel is absolutely amazing! I needed a weekend break and so decided to pick a location away from the hussle and bussle of central London, yet within 10 minutes access of the city. The Marriott Executive apartments worked perfectly. The room had breath taking views of canary wharf and the Thames, with floor to ceiling windows which gave it a lovely airy feel. The service was incomparable to any I've ever experienced. Simply flawless! And, oh the food .... fresh oysters and champagne in the Curve restaurant was just what I needed to set the evening off. Overall, a masterpiece hotel.	
Feb 28 2006 	Excellent hotel good wi-fi and broadband service - fantastic nights sleep	Smart hotel, newly built and well designed. It does lack a swimming pool however there are facilities across the road. Broadband and wi-fi services work well, neat install and easy to follow directions. Food excellent and bar staff attentive during impromptu drinks gathering late in the evening. Staff and hotel GM are doing an excellent job.	
Jan 8 2006 	Truly outstanding apartments	Just back from a 2 week stay. The apartments were very very good quality, the location is excellent, and the staff are suberb.	
Sep 3 2004	The hotel was blah.	I stayed at this hotel on business for 5 days, and was very disappointed. I felt that this place really tries to take advantage of the travelers with their absolutely ridiculous prices!10 pounds for 15 minutes of Internet is just overly excessive. Also, given that the hotel has only 15 channels and only 8 of them are in English it would make sense to make the movie selection affordable. I do not consider 5 year old movies at 9.99 pounds affordable! Especially when there is a movie theatre next door charging 8.95! The electricity converter was broken, and it was way too hot in the room because the AC wasn’t working properly (to which they didn’t offer a solution saying that every room is that hot). Every day they would leave a breakfast menu on my bed offering me their wonderful American Continental Breakfast room service for 29 pounds. Are they serious? The only good thing about this hotel was that it had a wall of windows. A wall of windows that directly faced a train station! I felt like I was renting a spot on the train platform! Needless to say, I do not think this hotel is worth the money, unless you like to get ripped off for everything. Try the Savoy instead., at least that way you’ll be staying in a decent area with a lot of tourist attractions for the same prices.	
