	Do Not Book With Premier Inn	If you are looking to book with Premier Inn, my recommendation would be not to use them, as I have never experienced such an unhelpful or arrogant company in my life.My teengae daughter booked a trip to London for her and her Mother to watch the Lion Kingas a Christmas present. Unfortunatley she does not know London very well and booked the Premier Inn London Kew which is quite far out from the centre of London and more importantley from a safety acspect a 25 minute walk to the nearest tube station, which is not advisable for 2 women to be walking too at night.WHEN I CALLED THE PREMIER INN TO EXPLAIN THE SITUATION (WITHIN 24 HOURS) I WAS TOLD THAT IT HAD BEEN BOOKED AS A PROMOTION OFFER AND COULD NOT BE CHANGED, EVEN THOUGH THE HOTEL I WANTED TO MOVE IT TO WAS MOVE EXPENSIVE. I EXPLAINED THAT IT HAD BEEN A MISTAKE BY MY TEENAGE DAUGHTER AND THE HOTEL WAS 25 MINUTE WALK FROM THE TUBE, WHICH IS NOT SAFE, BUT THERE WAS NOT EVEN ANY DISCUSSION OR ANY HELP OFFERD, JUST TOLD NO YOU CANNOT CHANGE, AND THIS WAS THERE CUSTOMER RELATIONS DEPARTMENT.......THAT'S A LAUGH.Ive worked in sales and customer sevice for 15 years and I have never found such an unhelpful company. So I now have a choice, let my family walk around the streets of london at night or lose £80AVOID THEM...	
Nov 24 2009 	Comfortable hotel	We stayed here for one night after a day spent watching the rugby in Twickenham - it was a convenient location as Twickenham was about 10 minutes away on the bus. The hotel is large and busy, but having said that we had an excellent night's sleep. The room was huge with a massive bed, it was warm and comfortable, and despite being on the main road we weren't disturbed by traffic noise at all.The breakfast was really good, an &quot;all you can eat for £7.50&quot; deal which you book on arrival. As a vegetarian I was delighted to see veggie sausages available which meant I could actually have a proper cooked breakfast.The staff were friendly, the rooms were clean, the shower was excellent. To get into London the next day we walked to Brentford station (about 10 minutes away) and caught a train to Richmond, then got the underground. I think it took about an hour from leaving Brentford to arriving at Convent Garden. There's possibly quicker routes but we didn't really know what we were doing and an hour was fine. We'd definiely recommend the hotel - our first visit to a Premier Inn, and we'd definitely to be happy to stay again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Despite hiccups I will stay here still	This was my second time staying at Premier Inn London Kew as we visit London once a year for work. We stayed for ten days and our friend stayed for 4 days. Firstly you will definitely get a good night's sleep here - the high bed is soft and comfy and the area is rather quiet as night so if you ask for a room far from the madding crowd, you will get good sleep! And the room is large and generally clean. The waterjets at the shower area is powerful and the bath tub is a nice tub. The hiccups were: somehow, we (a couple staying in a double bed room for ten days0 often got just one towel to share between us! I had to walk down to the reception as they often do not answer room calls three nights in a row to ask for another bath towel - that was rather frustrating when you are dog tired and just wanted to have a warm bath!And unless you really need to use the hotel's internet service, don't use it! It costs an arm and a leg to use the service provided by a company called Spectrum. And out of ten days of so-called broadband service in the room, we had worse than snail Internet connection for at least eight days! We complained everyday and only managed to get some work done in one of those ten days. Imagining having to wait for a webpage to upload, even after brushing your teeth and taking a shower! It was very draining to say the least to watch it fail every day after having pre-paying for the crap service. The reception was mostly warm and polite. Nikita, in particular, was a delight to talk to. She was apologetic about the horrible Internet service and daily missing towels! The breakfast is flawless and the staff is excellent and polite. The porridge is a must try. The tea selection is very good too. Will we stay here again? Yes, we will, partly because we want to have a good sleep every night. If you can put with small hiccups, this hotel is good value for money. Just stay away from the bad 'slowband' connection service and check for enough towels in your room!	
Sep 7 2009 	stayed to tour royal botanic gardens kew	my husband and i stayed in this hotel for two nights so we could tour Kew gardens and surrounding area. The hotel was clean and the rooms were a good size. we didn't go with the breakfast because it seemed overpriced and there was a grocery store (Morrisons) located across the street and down the road (5 minute walk) that is open from 8am-8pm.You can walk to Kew gardens and it takes about 25-30 minutes or you can cross the street and catch a bus by mcdonalds (number 65) which takes you to Victoria Gate (Kew's main gate). You can also get off at this stop and walk to Kew Village where there is a tube station (District Line). There is a nice restaurant by Kew, for dinner, called the Botanist. It is on the65 bus route by Kew Green. Plenty of nice pubs there too. I would recommend this hotel if people want a clean place to stay for a night or two, to check out Kew. Note: there is a travelodge down the road that was about 20-25 pounds cheaper but i felt it was not as clean or friendly and the rooms seemed tired... but if you are looking to save a bit, then maybe that is a good choice...	
Aug 21 2009 	Convenient and reasonably priced	Despite being falsely billed as in Kew (it is in Brentford, which has some pleasant quaint corners round the Dock and the County Court), the hotel is conveniently located on a good set of bus routes, and offers distant views, from the back, to the other side of the Thames. The rooms are good, Premier Inn standard, the bar and restaurant large. Anonymous, but good value for money.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent value and service	For £69 for a double room in London, you'd do well to better this. We stayed here for 1 night to attend a wedding nearby. Our room and bed were a good size and clean and quiet. (Rooms at the rear of the hotel are probably quieter than those at the front) Breakfast (£7,50 each) was good quality and self service. There is an underground car park where parking is £7.50 for 24 hours. One problem is that only 30 spaces belong to the hotel. The other (numerous) spaces are pay and display and 24 hours costs £15. I think that after 6pm there is free parking available nearby. The staff were all friendly and helpful and we were very pleased with our stay.	
Jun 29 2009 	One of the best Premier Inns	A premier inn is a premier inn, I rue the day that travel inn and premier lodge merged as Premier Lodges were such a well kept secret and had wonderful super king size beds. It was interesting to note on my last visit to this branch that the huge bed has been replaced by a slightly smaller one so that the bedside shelves are no longer bedside!Nevertheless I stay at this branch a few times a year as my daughter lives nearby and it is the best Premier Inn I have stayed in. The rear patio area is pleasant and sunny and there is a bus from just opposite to Kew Bridge station with trains to Clapham Junction, Vauxhall and Waterloo. The rooms on the top floor are too hot in summer and the secret is to be at the back as there is some noise from bins / traffic at the front. There is some aircraft noise when on the flight path but this is not all the time. There is a good car park beneath with NCP overflow and the staff are helpful. Goodish Thai and some other eateries within a few minutes walk and it's on a pleasant stretch of river / dock.	
May 14 2009 	Lovely hotel great service no good for central London sightseeing!	We stayed here for 3 nights and found the hotel to be clean and welcoming. The staff were really friendly and very knowledgeable. We came to stay for a function in Richmond and the hotel was ideally placed for that, but we also wanted to 'do' a few touristy things in London, but it was a bit too far away for us. Although on saying that, the No. 65 bus stops nearby (every 10 mins) and this takes you to South Ealing Station where you can get the Picadilli line. Probably takes about 45 minutes. The price was great though, 2 adults, 2 children for £80 a night B &amp; B. Has a lovely bar/restaurant area, and the prices seemed Ok. There is a McDonalds over the road and a parade of shops - chemist, Supermarket. Great hotel for Richmond/Kew area.	
May 2 2009 	Very High Standards all round - great for a quiet night	Stayed in this hotel on business. I can't say enough good things about the staff who all seem to be mostly asian and could not do enough for you. They were extremely friendly and helpful.Got an enormous room and there was absolutely no problem when I asked for one not overlooking the street. The room was really comfortable, with huge windows looking out over a quiet part of the Thames and the bed was very comfortable. The sound proofing is excellent so even if there are people next door to you it's hard to hear them once they are in their rooms.The room was spotless and the bathroom very well appointed. Hugh breakfast with literally everything you want including porridge, fresh fruit salad, juices and the full English breakfast. Tea making facilites with Twinings Tea in the room. I am staying here again soon and hope that my next experience is a good as my last. Obviously this hotel is not in central London and the nearest railway station is Kew Bridge so if you want a central location this may not be the place for you. Ealing is about 30 minutes away on the 65 bus which is just up the road from the hotel.All in all, a good and very tranquil experience. I didn't think this was possible in London.	
Mar 14 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We found ourselves staying here when we realised we left our house keys at a shop two hours away (d'oh!) and it was too late to drive back... so it was cheaper to spend the night at a hotel and make a quick dash to Tesco for some last minute things. We never stayed in this chain of hotels before and were pleasantly surprised. This budget hotel is far superior than its equivalent (Holiday Inn, which always leaves us a little disappointed). The room was very large and everything was spotlessly clean. Everything is very basic (just handwash and body wash, no extras... not even a shower cap when asked) but it has everything you need for a good night's sleep. There are even coffee/tea making facilities, a hair dryer, falt screen TV and ample storage space. The bed, although quite elevated from the floor, had a very comfortable mattress and pillows as well as good quality sheets and duvet. The only negative was the toilet didn't flush properly and the bathroom fan made a lot of noise. The fan keeps working a good 15 minutes after the light is switched off so don't turn on the light if you have to use the loo in the middle of the night... or the fan will keep you awake. The hotel was very quiet and our room overlooked the Ferry Quays development. There is also very good security in the hotel (you have to use your key card to access several corridors leading to the room). The area (it's really not Kew, it's the more run down Brentford) is not so great so just use the hotel as a base and take the train/bus elsewhere (there's lots to do in nearby Chiswick). There is a car park next to the hotel. If you like a good curry, an excellent local place is Pappadums, a hidden gem behind the Ferry Quays development (behind the hotel). If you can't find it, ask. It's well worth it. One last thing... not sure if all Premier Inns are like this, but at this one, payment is required upon check in. All in all, a good experience and we will likely try other Premier Inns elsewhere.	
Aug 24 2008 	OK for a business stop over or for Kew	OK stay, food and the bar area are OK, rooms are large but the aircon is not working and looks like a installation issue. I was given fans but would rather have had aircon!OK for business stayovers and would stay again.	
May 5 2008 	Very clean friendly comfortable hotel	I stayed at the hotel on business. It exceeded my initial expectations, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the food was nice. The rooms were spacious and had obviously been recently modernised.There's chargeable wireless broadband available, although I had issues with this, but they were rectified by the time I left.The hotel was very quite, I wasn't disturbed at all overnight.The rear of the hotel overlooks the Thames, which in turn overlooks the rear of Kew gardens.I had a pleasant stay at the hotel, and would consider using it again in the future.	
Mar 12 2008 	Value for money	Without a doubt the best value for money in London. Have stayed regularly.Modern hotel, staff now 90% polish, or so it seems, but very friendly and helpful. No frills but good room size new clean and wifi if your working from room. Very decent in house restaurant and pub. In addition nice local pub next door.Very helpful friendly staff at check in.Across the road supermarket, laundry (will do same day if you ask nicely), newsagent, internet cafe.Travel to the center of town is a bit of a pain as the only way is by bus but the quality of what you are getting compared to the price makes up for that. In addition a side arm of the Thames is 50 Metres behind hotel (some rooms even have a semi view) where you can go for a nice walk after a hectic day.In London for the price I challenge you to find better.	
Jul 17 2007	OK	Typical Travel Inn. Room clean, smart and usual facilities - no complaints.Good location for Kew and surrounding area, although not much happening in the evenings.Not so good a location for Central London. Tube half an hour walk away, train 15 minutes walk. You can get a bus outside but it's a fair journey.If I just wanted to explore this area I would probably stay again but not if I planned to go in and out of London regularly.	
Mar 24 2007 	Not as good as it should be	I use Travel Inn quite regularly and am normally perfectly happy with my stays. Not this time however. Firstly, I had pre-paid for the &quot;full&quot; breakfast. And whilst the quality of the food appeared OK, the supposedly hot items were either cold or, at best, luke-warm. Horrible! I just had toast on the second morning.My other problem was the extractor fan in the bathroom. This was very noisy and stayed on for a long time - a problem for getting back to sleep if the bathroom needs to be used in the middle of the night.I have contacted Travel Inn about both matters as it lets down their normally good service. I doubt that I would choose to stay here again. I've stayed in the Travel Lodge just down the road which is perfectly acceptable (although it didnt have a restaurant) and is some £30 a night cheaper. Much better value for money, in my view.	
