Nov 10 2009 	Perfect for Wembley Trip	Stayed here over night for Tom jones concert.Go to Concerts quite often in london and have to say this was the easiest trip (from brighton to london hotel by train and hotel to wembley i have ever had)Payed only £6.00 to get to wembley by taxi which the hotel rang and organized for us!As its a Fullers pub there was a great selection of drinks available so had a few before we left and even a few after returning from wembley.Hotel was very clean and well presented,staff superb,kettle,tea,coffee,hot chocolate in room,trouser press even,bed very comfortable not a single thing i could fault.Partner even said it was as good as the hilton which we stay at when we go to the o2 concerts! We will definately be staying here again	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location for Wembley	We stayed at this hotel to watch the NFL match at Wembley. It is in a great location, just two minutes walk from the Hanger Lane tube station and right next to the bus stop for the 83 bus which runs every few minutes and stops at the Wembley Stadium and Arena.On arrival we were checked in by friendly staff. We were a little early so they happily stored out luggage for us while they got the room ready. The rate was also very good compared with some London hotels...you usually end up with shoebox of a room for the price we paid but we had a spacious room, a huge bathroom and both were spotlessly clean. Really comfy bed also a bonus. Sky Sports on the TV as well so great for catching up with the footie when we got back at the end of the day. Just a little noise from the traffic but then we are from a very rural area so perhaps noticed more. Nothing excessive by any means.Breakfast was okay, nothing special but adequate. A small selection of continental items and juices and a standard English breakfast, no menu or choices but a good breakfast nevertheless. We ate in the restaurant just the once and the food was superb and great value.On the downside, when we returned to the hotel after the match on Sunday, they would only serve us bottled beer at the bar saying that they had closed the bar and then they chucked us and at least 15 people and their drinks out saying they wanted to lock the building. It was 10.30pm and in a London pub and people were quite happily watching the American Football match on TV. It was neither friendly nor very service orientated...especially when they charged a higher price for the beer then they did to us the day before. We were late back due to a travel delay and the restaurant stopped serving at 10pm. Reception said they could not supply a takeaway menu saying everything in the area was closed. A few minutes later we saw a guy deliver pizzas. Not very helpful. The next morning, we had breakfast at 9am and on their literature it stated it was served until 10am. However, at 9.30am they refused to serve an American gentleman breakfast, not even a coffee, because they were now closed and anyway the rest of his party ate at 8am. I would have been seriously cheesed off if that were me.So, all in all, great location, great rooms but a bit lacking on the service department. We would stay again for the convenience but just be aware of their rush to get you through breakfast and out of the bar of an evening!	
Oct 15 2009 	Lovely and clean	Stayed here for one night for the football at Wembley. The hotel is around a 20 minute bus journey from Wembley Stadium (number 83 bus). The room was spacious, clean and on the first floor. The room had all 3 Sky Sports Channels and lots of tea and coffee! Did not use the restuarant or bar, but would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent would recommend 100%	Stayed at this hotel after a concert at Wembly, great location, no 83 bus stops right outside hotel, takes approx 25 mins to get to wembly, £2 each way or is covered on travelcard on zone 3. Word of caution when getting the bus back to hotel, the bus does not stop at Wembly you have to walk outside of wembly triangle, this is noted on bus stops but not the one outside wembly for some reason, buses then every 10 mins 24 hr.Hotel excellent, very clean, tea/coffee in room and more available when you ask. Great white fluffly towels !!!! Staff very friendly and helpful. Bar snacks available in pub attached, very reasonably priced, drinks very reasonable. Restaurant slightly more expensive. Takes about an hour to arrive at hotel from leaving euston by tube, but very straight forward. Just ask at kiosk at tube station and a very friendly man gave us directions through subway, but hotel is less than 10 min walk from tube, very easy. Would stay here again without hesitation, booked on late rooms and got £20 off price off hotel which was even better.	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent base good value	Stayed at this hotel after seeing a concert at wembley and it was very good. We had an afternoon bar meal which was great value,there is a lovely beer garden and the beer is pretty good too! The staff were very helpful and the room was spotless.The breakfast was good although slightly overpriced,there was plenty of choice and they were quite happy to keep the tea/coffee flowing.My only word of warning would be if you use public transport from the hotel to Wembley, it may not turn up for the return journey! We were left stranded in a real dodgy area when the bus service failed to turn up,leaving us to walk back at close to midnight. They say its a 24 hour service but what they must have meant was one bus every 24 hours. I would certainly stay at this hotel again though, everything else was well done.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent hotel too bad it's rather far from city center...	I stayed at Fox &amp; Goose hotel for 5 nights with my wife and my mother-in-law. First of all I must say that the previous reviews I found on tripadvisor.com were very accurate and useful in choosing this hotel and I congratulated myself for using tripadvisor.com once again. The hotel is very clean, the bathroom is modern and very well equipped, staff is friendly and polite, and the buffet breakfast offers a selection of very good food. The terrace is a very nice place to have a cold beer and relax.Having read the previous reviews I expected the hotel to be far from central London, and it was. 10 minute walk to the nearest tube station (Hanger Lane) and then another 40-50 minute tube ride downtown. I miscalculated the time we would make by metro from Hanger Lane to London center, having in mind the speed of the metro in Paris, but in London, trains are considerably slower… Due to the time necessary to get to the center, we left the hotel every morning and came back in the in the evening, which was a bit tiring… (Last summer, in Paris we would afford comfortably naps every afternoon ? )Overall, we liked the hotel and don’t regret staying there, as the conditions there were excellent and more than compensated for the location (I think in some countries this hotel could be classified as a 4-star hotel). Last but not least, the hotel was more than affordable, and the price was very good for the conditions offered (EUR 80 for a double room, EUR 60 for a single).If making an average hour to the centre doesn’t bother you, then this is an excellent choice for your stay in London!	
May 22 2009 	Excellent value Travelodge-style accommodation.	The Fox &amp; Goose is a very pleasant Travelodge-style hotel in an excellent location, ideal for people needing easy access to central London with free car parking located just off the main A40. Although you probably wouldn't want to spend a long holiday here, if you're travelling down from the central or northern England this hotel is very easy to find just off the Hanger Lane Gyratory. The hotel is located in a separate block just beind a decent Fullers pub, and breakfast and other meals are available from the pub. Despite the location close to several busy major roads, the room was not noisy at all as there are tall office buildings between the rear of the hotel and the A40, which effectively shielded the sound. The room was exceptionally clean and quite spacious, and the bed was comfortable - but the price of £60/night I paid for a twin room was even better. 5 minutes walk to Hanger Lane tube station on the Central Line, and about 25-30 minutes ride into central London.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great hotel-location just okay	The hotel staff was wonderful to me and my dad. They were helpful, courteous, and friendly. The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The pub/restaurant on the property is extremely convenient and the food was really good--don't bother with the English breakfast, though; it wasn't great and wasn't an authentic English breakfast. The pub grub is well worth it and the atmosphere is pleasant. I was really surprised at the town and location. Ealing is industrial and the hotel is located near two major office buildings. It's a solid walk to the tube station. The bus stop is across a majorly busy road and I would recommend that you walk to the crosswalk and not across that road! Ask at the tube station for directions to Hanger Ln. They are helpful as well. Be warned, there's not much of a view and there's not much on tv either. If you want an authentic British experience, this is not the hotel for you. But if you want a clean, friendly place to stay and eat, this works great!	
Dec 12 2008 	Not for Extended Stay!	I do not recommend this hotel for an extended stay. This hotel is appropriate for a night over, nothing extended, and do not expect any nice amenities. Good bed, roof over your head, and very friendly staff. The best thing about my stay was the very nice staff.Important to know when booking:-No alarm clock-No fridge (nice when staying a few days)-No iron/ironing board (nice to look tidy!)-Old hair dryer, and if you are female this can be frustrating#-Limited TV-No Workout area, not sure it is safe to run locally.-Uncomfortable desk area-Limited hours when you can eat breakfast and dinner. No real other access to food.-Look inside the water kettle, its rusted and GROSS. Do not use to heat water.Additionally my shower didn't work the entire stay and like some hotels do not offer a washcloth. Finally, I used an outlet converter that i have used in London previously and literally the old wiring fried the converter to bits to where it almost caught the entire place on fire!Again, fine for mostly male travelers and those who don't expect much for &lt;100 GBP. I'd HIGHLY recommend the Crowne Plaza across the road (at a considerable more per/night for a good reason - BETTER QUALITY).Will not stay again, though i do commend the staff for making it enjoyable otherwise.	
Nov 24 2008 	Very clean and good shower.	Our recent stay was very comfortable, and location is convenient, it's about 5 minute walk to the nearest tube station. The place was very clean and spacious, and the shower was amazing. My only complaint is that the mattress was way too soft and it dipped in the middle and the pillows were too flat.I would go back again.	
Nov 21 2008 	exellent from m.liveley	Me and my fiance had our first night alone from the kids as we were going to see the fantastic Lee Evans at wembley arena, the staff were v.friendly, room was spotless, comfortable bed,i do recomend you take your own tea and coffee as the one in the room wasn't that nice (each to your own) if you are traveling by train to wembley central you can get a taxi which is between £8 and £10, or you can get the number 83 bus when you get off the train on the same side as the station, to hanger lane which was £2 Adults, also if you go to the Arena, Be carfull of unlicensed Taxi's Late at night, one came up to us and ofered to take us back to the Hotel for £25, i told him to do one, in the end we got a black cab for £14, Which is reasonable, now we have had a taste of FREEDOM from the kids, we will deffinatley stay at this hotel again	
Sep 4 2008 	OK For The Price	The room was nice and clean; the bathroom was larger than expected. A nice feature was the towel warmer; a not so great feature was the water pressure - low, especially in the morning.The TV did not have cable; when I inquired about getting the weather channel, the owner said that we should have the service, and to ask one of the workers. The worker said that the hotel was working on getting it fixed, but after five days, we still did not have it.The pub connected with the hotel had good food (we ate at the pub about three times during the course of our stay), with a nice atmosphere.All in all, this hotel is just average, and I probably would not stay here again; I found that getting a hotel closer to the center of London suited my needs.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Value	My husband and I stayed at the Fox and Goose from 06 - 10 June 2008. I had selected the hotel as it was close to Wembley Stadium and within walking distance of a tube station.The hotel is about 5 mins walk from Hanger Lane tube station and the directions they e-mailed to me meant that we had no difficulty finding our way.Check-in staff were efficient and friendly. The room was exactly as expected and overlooked the car park. Spotlessly clean, comfortable bed, air conditioning (which was a gift given that it was 27 degrees one day!). We could hear traffic from the main road but it was far enough away not to disturb us.Pub food is very good value for money and we ate there most nights. Continental breakfast was included in our room rate and was spot on. The beer garden is immaculately looked after.We'll definitely be back on our next trip to London.	
Jun 8 2008	Pleasantly surprised	My son and I booked this hotel whilst we were in London to see the 'Foo Fighters' at Wembley. Do not bother taking the No 83 bus, it is only a 40 minute walk.After receiving the confirmation and realising they had allocated a double, instead of twin bedded, I rang to change the booking, and I thought it was all sorted out. On arrival we were allocated a double, this was soon corrected with the minimum of fuss, by what was to become a steady procession of polite and courteous staff on reception.I have paid a lot more than i paid for this room and ended up sleeping in 'broom cupboards'Would book again if I was coming to Wembley, and would consider if wife and I were coming to London for a break.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great local hotel	We had booked the hotel for the weekend of a Theatre Conference held in Ealing. The rooms were of a good standard, pleasant,clean and spacious. Nice bathroom and good secure car park. The hotel is on the 83 bus route which was convenient and a regular service.The only slight downside was that breakfast was not served until 9am at weekends which made things a bit tight timewise for us, but other than that the breakfast was fine and all the staff were helpful and friendly.	
Apr 26 2008 	enjoyed my stay	Stayed at this hotel in april for 3 nights. The rooms are clean, a decent size &amp; pretty quiet. I used this hotel because it was easy to drive my car &amp; park up close to Ealing. It is about a 30 minute ride on the tube to central London.I had a decent deal of £60 a night (seemed quite reasonable for a London hotel). My one gripe is you have to pay extra for breakfast, which costs a heavy £9.50 per person. Apart from that, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Hotel	My best friend and I, both 22 year old American girls, went to London for our first time in March. We decided to stay at the Fox and Goose because we have friends in Ealing. We loved the hotel and the area. The tube station is close, the hill is a little exhausting if you do it often like we did, but we didn't mind it at all. The tube ride was about 20-25 minutes to the center, like Oxford Circus and Tottenham Court. There is a bus stop right across the street that runs 24 hrs a day and takes you right into the center of Ealing which is a lovely area. The staff was SOOOO helpful, arranged taxi's for us, and was informative about the area. The rooms were great, very clean, great bathroom! We were never awoken in the morning by the cleaning staff so that made us very happy. We did not have a car but there was ample parking space. BUT when we were there, a man had his car broken into in the parking lot. They advise you not to leave your GPS system out and apparently he did. The pub connected to the hotel was nice, very trendy on weekend nights. We would DEFINITELY recommend and stay there again.Only bad part was the internet was 5 pounds for an hour. YIKES!	
Mar 8 2008	Great Place	This is a great place to stay. The rooms are clean and tidy. The food is great if you want to eat in the bar, or try a bit more style in the restaurant. I use the Fox &amp; Goose as I can drive to Ealing and park my car for free. The walk to the central line underground is around 10 minutes, and from there you can be in the city of London in 30 minutes.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great Value	This was the second time we have stayed at this hotel. It is in a great loaction - being a short bus ride to Wembley and a short tube ride to city centre.The rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable.Breakfast - continental was good.Staff helpful and pleasant.Had a superb rate for a week end stay.Thank You.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Quite Hotel goos space rooms	The reception at the hotel is a very warm welcome only just one minor thing the 600GBP sterling they block off your debt card put me a bit off as we did not know about this before! If I did know about it I would have put an extra 600GBP in my visa to spend during my stay but to be honest they did say they could lower it. So I wonder why 600GBP in the first place? The staff are all great I cant remember all the names but 2 of the women reception staff are so helpful they go out of there way to make your stay in London a happy one. One of the women is from Poland &amp; the other one from Australia. I just asked where to find markets &amp; the information they gave to me was perfect even bus routes they help you with all you need. Taxi trains bus routes even good places where to eat not far from the hotel. That’s some very good points of the hotel itself its has a MacDonald’s open till late drive threw next door &amp; just 5 min walk further down there is a Chinese Thi restaurant which is very good they even deliver to the hotel! How I whish I had found it before! Further up the street is a HSBC branch &amp; ATM. The Tube or Subway is just a 5 min walk it’s called Hanger Lane. It’s a very quite hotel very roomy in size this was great no tight bed’s even the bathroom &amp; shower great size &amp; very clean good size TV with some sky programs &amp; an electric kettle to make tea or coffee provided. There is even a trousers press in your room. There is a huge bar &amp; restaurant that is just cut off from the hotel that makes it just perfect to have a drink just a min walk from your room to the bar it’s just in front of the hotel, The drink’s &amp; food @ reasonable prices &amp; food is very good even the service. Now the bad points,Ok about breakfast I was told is costs 9GBP per head is a bit over priced when in central London not to far from Madame Tussauds there is a Restaurant that had a huge breakfast at 4.50GBP in Central London! Also the internet is expensive so I used to find an internet café in London as well at 1GBP per hour. Could the hotel make some signs from the Tube or subway @ Hanger lane we could not find the hotel on our arrival thank god to a person who told me where it was at 11.35pm!	
Dec 8 2007 	Average hotel	I stayed in a twin room. The room was fine, and the bathroom was clean. There were a pub and an indean restaurant next to the hotel. The negative point was it was a bit far from city centre and the nearest tube station. I did not think it was that safe to walk back to the hotel in the evening time.	
Oct 29 2007 	Good value London hotel	I stayed at the Fox &amp; Goose on two occasions, in September and October 2007.Through the HotelsRus website I got quite reasonable prices and the hotel is easy to find with adequate parking. It's also very handy for Hanger Lane tube station just over 5 minutes' walk away (though the underpasses were a bit daunting). The room was extremely well appointed and the beds comfortable. I didn't really like the pub/restaurant much - lacked atmosphere and not much what you'd call healthy choices. There is an Indian restaurant next door and a Chinese less than 10 minutes away.Breakfast was good and check in/out very efficient.I would certainly consider using it again if the price was right.	
Oct 5 2007 	Very nice	This hotel is very nice for the price compared to other dumps you get for the same price in London. Yes, it is a little out of the way, but if you're coming in from Heathrow it isn't far away, about 30 mins in a cab towards the city. Hanger Lane tube station (Central Line) is a 5 minute walk away, and it takes about 20-25 mins into Offord Street on the train. If you're going to Wembley, then it is a short cab ride away. The staff is nice, and it has a nice pub. For 3 pounds extra you get the full english breakfast. Got a very good deal from simply-london.com, about 40 pounds a night. The hotel is clean and recently refurbished the top floor (at least, I don't know if they've done the others). The only drawback in my eyes is the internet, I mean 5 pounds an hour or 15 pounds for 24 hours is outrageous, most modern hotels today give their guests FREE wireless internet, so come on Fox &amp; Goose, you probably pay 40 pounds a month for that line.....	
Sep 20 2007 	Well worth the money	A little bit out of the way (the third zone, which was not wonderful, since I got there at the very beginning of the tube strike), the F&amp;G hotel was really worth the money - I paid 58 gbp / a night for an ensuite double.The room was quite large, very clean, had a phone a tv and an electric kettle with free coffee and tea sachets. The bathroom was extremely clean and quite nice. Decent accomodation for the price I paid.the staff was ok, not extremely friendly, but you can't have anything.on the dark side, i must mention the extremely bad colored water that I was served for coffee at breakfast. which, by the way, was continental, ie nothing more than milk and cereals... They could have thrown in a slice of bacon or two:(Overall, I recommend F&amp;G for an affordable, clean and quiet accomodation in London, especially if you can get a good internet deal. I paid 58 gbp / a double / a night, while the regular price was 99 - for that price, you could find a more central hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	Convenient for Wembley	Stayed one night whilst going to watch the football at Wembley. For that it is perfect. The rooms are standard and clean, the pub attached is OK, reasonable beer garden. The location is not great but nothing is close to Wembley! That said it is a convenient 5 minute walk to Hanger Lane Tube which takes you direct to central London in 20 mins.For getting to the game it is perfect - the no83 bus goes from 2mins walk from the hotel and drops opposite. This takes approx 30mins to the ground.	
Mar 27 2007	Nice stay	Nice hotel. Basic but clean enough, friendly and helpful staff, nice bathrooms, clean towels. The breakfast (included in the price) was poor. The location is not ideal but is very close to the tube station so it’s not a big problem. Totally recommended if you find good rates.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great Hotel	I have just returned from a weekend in london for a concert. we stayed in the fox and goose,it was an enjoyable stay.It was reasonably priced for london any way.The tube station is a 5-10 minute walk away from the hotel and the tube is 8 stops from central london which took about 20 mins.Wembely arena is a 10 minute taxi ride away which costs about £10, or the bus takes about 30 minutes.Next to the hotel is Mc Donalds and a tandoori restaurant the fox and goose pub also serves food.Overall the hotel was clean the staff were friendly and helpful.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay close to wembely.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great! Friendly and Good Value!	Read the other reviews on Tripadvisor about this place and got a great price from one of those lastminute deals sites. Nice nice place, my husband was shocked at how nice it was when we arrived. Excellent value, we paid half the regular rate, which when you are from America, the exchange rate kills you in England (we ate a lot at McDonalds). This place fit all our requirements, close to London, walking distance of a Tube station and free parking. They have a pub attached to the hotel, try the ESB, its the best of the lot on draft. The pub never seemed very busy though, on the Thursday or Friday night we went in, they also have the dining area attached and have a non smoking section. Inside our room (non smoking also, they have both) was a deep tub that did fill up with warm water, which was nice after a long day walking around London and riding the buses (we got a travelpass that let us on the tube and buses all day for like 6 pounds, its even cheaper if you go during nonpeak hours, after 9:30am I think) The room was very nice looking, with comfy comforters, however the bed was a little uncomfortable, could feel the springs. The desk supplied us with a cot for the baby and was always prompt and smiley with every request. The tube is about a 6-10 minute walk (about a 20-30 min ride depending on time of day into the city of London) and is quite safe, however if you are a single woman I probably wouldn't walk over there after 11 or so at night, because you have to go through an underground walkway under the road junction to get to the station. The hotel is in a very safe and quiet neighborhood. I never felt scared. The parking lot was secure and had CCTV, however, it did say on the front desk that people with GPS navigators were being targeted in the area for theft. But hey this is England, petty crime is much more prevalent there, even in nice areas, its called &quot;opportunist crime&quot;. Can't stress what a great place this was for the money because I did a lot of research on good deals in London and all the other hotels with free parking and near the city had bad reviews.	
Dec 9 2006 	Great Place Awful Food	Excellent value for money stopover, great shame the 'continental' breakfast was so poor... cheap cereals, stale croissants, cold 'fresh' toast and cheap preserves. An otherwise excellent stay spoilt. I have had some excellent breakfasts on the continent - feasts of cheese, meat, eggs, breads, fruits and cakes. Why does a country that prides itself on breakfast provide such a terrible alternative? Come on London this is my second awful breakfast experience, shape up.	
Oct 3 2006 	bargain	I stayed here for 6 nights and was throughly pleased with the room. For the price it was excactly the standard of the Holiday inn but cheaper. The better bit is that there is no noise from hangar lane or the A40. the pub next door is also excellent value with a beer garden. The hotel is a ten minute walk from Hangar lane tube station and has ample FREE parking. I really dont think you could find a better hotel for less than £75 in central london.	
Jun 5 2006	Great value for money	My Husband and I stayed at the Fox + Goose last weekend, and although this is not a really plush hotel it was fantastic for the money.The location was ideal for us as we were having a night out in London and was just a 20 minute tube ride from the city.Hotel rooms were really clean and tidy and could not of asked for more for the price.I would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a cheap night stay in a clean and friendly hotel.	
Feb 17 2006	A pub with no beer after 22.45	We stayed overnight after a concert. Returning to the hotel at 23.10 the manager refused to serve a drink at the bar in spite of the wife being disabled and in a wheelchair which made it impossible to look elsewhere.I am 74 years old and have never stayed in a hotel and been refused a drink as a resident at that time of night. Apparently in these enlightened days of long opening hours this hotel serves its last drink at 22.45. This is a Fullers BREWERY hotel which obviously does not need customers.	
May 5 2005	Good Value	Stayed at the Fox and Goose for three nights over Bank Holiday weekend. Found the staff very welcoming and friendly, room was reasonable size although bathroom was a little small. Everything was clean and well presented with on-site parking a plus. Hangar Lane tube was less than 5 minutes walk with a 20 min journey to Oxford Circus. Our room was closest to the main road (50 yards) and traffic noise could be a problem if the window was open but with air conditioning this shouldn't matter. Overall, for less than £40 per night for the two of us, it's excellent value, convenient for London and well worth considering.	
Feb 12 2005	Good staff	The hotel was fine, clean enough, room was spacious. A little in need of tarting up (tears in window blinds) and neither hair-dryer nor heater worked (but to be fair I didn't give the staff the chance to fix these as they were non-issues). Staff were extremely courteous and pleasant, top marks to them. Good location walkable from Hanger Lane station and value for money too at £65 with a McDonalds next door to take care of breakfast. 	
Jan 13 2005	It was a very nice stay!	I was in The Fox and Goose from 6yh to 9th january 2005. The room was very nice, big, lovely decorated and the bathroom was clean and with a big comfortable shower. The staff was very kind and in particular Divina that was friendly and able to solve a serious problem with our reservation. The breakfast was delicious and all the staff was obliging. Value for money was excellent.	
Aug 7 2008 	Ottimo hotel ma...		
May 14 2008 	Esperienza da non ripetere!		
Jan 27 2008 	Hotel war wirklich in Ordnung		
Aug 29 2007	Super rapport qualité prix !		
