Oct 14 2009 	Excellent value for money	Found this hotel to be clean, good size room, helpful staff, fantastic location.Good continental breakfast.Would stay there again.	
Sep 7 2009 	No frills clean and convenient	Rooms are a bit minimalist, but for a short stay in London ideal. Very clean. Great location a few minutes walk from Baker st and Marylebone. There is a fantastic food pub on next block called the beehive. Good pub food and reasonably priced. If you want a luxury stay don't choose this hotel but for value you can't beat it.	
Apr 24 2009 	never again	if you suffer any degree of claustrophobia do not stay here , i was given a room with 2 windows , unfortunately they could not be accessed as they were covered with a perspex sheet . the room was unbearably hot and the air con did no good to cool the room , it was just noisy , especially at night . the bed was comfortable , but there was only one pillow , having spent a restless and hot night i asked for another pillow the next day , the receptionist said she would get the cleaner to get one , 8 hours later , no pillow , further phone call to reception , said she didnt know if they had any pillows ( what ? ) and i was the second person to ask for one , she said the cleaner would bring one in the morning , no good to me as i was going home the next day ( i can hear my bed calling ). the staff did not seem in the least concerned that i had been uncomfortable . the dining room is small and if you get there when full , hard luck , go away and come back for your breakfast , only one cup of coffee is offered , you have to ask for more ! have stayed in much better hotels in london , would not recommend this one , the cleaners have not done a good job either , tea and coffee not replaced on hospitality tray	
Apr 10 2009 	NEVER BE BACK AGAIN	I had a reservation for 4 nights. they asked me to pay in advance as soon as I arrived at the hotel. only after that they have showed me my room. on single, with no window.yes no windows at all. it was a kind of a storage room transofrmed into a single. I have also double checked before arriving at the hotel and nobody told me anything about it.the girl at the desk, roberta, at firs looked surprised whe I was complaining and then she started to be annoyed about my request to find another room. If somebody should have been upset was me not her. of course they had no other room available to offer so she said you are going to stay in a double room for one night and tomorrow you will have your single room with window - as if the window was something special -. next morning after breakfast I discovered from roberta that my room was not available again.so I had to move to another place or leave the hotel. I have not planned to start looking for another hotel so after a new discussion with her the only solution was to go to the other place 10 minute walking from the hotel. of course for breakfast you had to go back to the hotel 82. at the other place there is no reception, no breakfast, no storage room, nothing at all.everything has been so easy and confortable- as you can understand - that I wont be back again, even if the location is ok. all the rest of the hotel is just standard. the staffis absolutely &quot;unforgettable&quot;. so before booking this place please think twice.	
Apr 1 2009 	Good for sight-seeing!	This hotel was good for a weekend city break to see the sights of london with it being very central, however on arrival there was trouble with are booking as we requested/paid for single twin rooms but in turn ended up with double beds!! This was not exactly ideal after a long journey of travelling. Despite our disappoint with the rooms, the hotel was very apologetic and they gave us a free mini bar for the inconvenience, after much debate. Rooms were basic, clean and somewhat comfortable however our room had a very strange smell ( damp or goodness knows what else). Bathroom was fine although i dont think the shower head had been cleaned sinced the hotel opened. My other friends air con did not work in their room and so the room was very cold to say the least. Breakfast was edible.. very basic and the dining room had very few tables... so i would advise you if you stay at this hotel to get up early. Im just glad you didn't have to pay extra for breakfast or i would have been very dissapointed. Despite the issues we had with this hotel, staff were friendly and it is ideal if for sightseeing, shopping etc.	
Mar 10 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	I had been in some &quot;typical&quot; Euro hotels before so I walked in expecting little more than a bed and a somewhat functional bathroom. As such, I was tremendously pleased by how this fine little hotel beat my expectations.You cannot beat this location. Very close to Baker St. Tube and several bus lines. You could spend a whole day in Marylebone shopping, eating and drinking if you wanted. Room was minimalistic, but bed was extremely comfy. Bathroom was basic. We had no trouble with the shower. Water pressure was low, but not unlike many American budget hotels. Point being, it wasn't hard to get cleaned up.Breakfast, despite some other reviews on here, was better than I thought it would be, too. Cereal, breads... typical Euro fare.Only potential downsides: If your room overlooks Gloucester and you want to sleep in, you're going to deal with frequent noise from buses. Service at hotel was extremely friendly, though the night staff wasn't equipped to handle a very minor issue with the room at night... had to wait until morning.I would absolutely stay there again.	
Feb 17 2009 	refurbished????	Well really wish i had read the reviews first.We arrived early so we dropped of are bags at the hotel.Very helpfull staff.No complaints there.Spent the day looking round.Went back to the hotel late.Picked up are bags.Took the lift to the fourth floor.LIFT blimey who designed it the krankies.The room looked very inviting,Untill a closer inspection.the bathroom was nice but the shower well maybe mr muscle could stay the night.The bed was comfortable just a shame the quilt was so thin.Wouldnt of really bothered me but there was a draught from the window.Which gave the room a chill.And the rising damp very near the sockets is not a good sign.And the window was saturated in condinsation. no wonder my coat was damp the next morning.We went to the dining room next morning for are breakfast,think this was designed by them that designed the lift.Breakfast was disapointing as in selection and more inportantly standards.All the food was uncovered IE FISH and MILK??? there was,not much left.So we asked for some toast.the reply we got.Toaster today not working.Shame wont be going back.very over priced.	
Feb 2 2009 	needs a good clean	stayed in appartment part of hotel we were not told were to get keys from no phone in rooms to connect to main hotel shower room needed a good clean the blinds had big black marks on windows were filthy as were winow sills maid came in the day didnt change bedding just turned duvet cover inside out it was a good location though and well furnished just needed a really good clean it let a good hotel down	
Jan 2 2009	Ok for the Price but....	I booked this Hotel based on some of the reviews, for a two night stay over New Year. We paid 270 GBP for a double room.On the positive side the decor is very clean and fresh and the staff very courteous and helpful. The continental breakfast was basic but well presented.The location was good for Oxford Street etc.The downside was that the room was very minimalistic (ie stark) with no pictures or paintings. The bathroom was clean but a little musty. The main problem in the bathroom was that whilst there was a multi-function power shower, there was no power to it, which was a shame.In the bedroom the lights for the bed were set so high up the wall that they could not be reached from the bed. Whilst there were sockets for bedside lights, none were supplied. The result was you could have all the lights on or none at all - not very romantic.The double glazing did not provide much sound proofing, so on a normal business day it will be noisy.I would not write off this hotel, but it would not be my first choice to go back to. I would do some more research first	
Nov 29 2008 	Great location and good value for Central London	For £130 for 2 nights including breakfast, (lastminute.com) you can't get much better value in the centre of London. The location is a few minutes' walk from Oxford Street so ideal for a shopping trip. If you're looking to travel further afield, Baker street tube staton is a short walk in the other direction. The welcome was warm and the only challenge on arrival was getting into the tiny lift to travel to our 3rd floor room. The double room was spacious and had free internet connection via a cable, tea and coffee making facilities, LCD TV and a nicely done marble-effect shower room.On the downside, the bed was a bit soft for our liking, we're used to a firm matress, and the shower wasn't particularly powerful. We wondered if it was a power shower (it certainly looked it) that wasn't connected to the electricity. The double glazing didn't keep out all the noise from the traffic, but it wasn't obtrusive and you have to accept some noise in such a central location.Breakfast was a good mix of bolied eggs, croissants and rolls, cold meat, salmon, cheese, fruit, cereal, coffee and fruit juice and yoghurt.All in all, we had a better-than-average experience at Hotel 82, we'll be back.	
Oct 31 2008 	Overpriced	We paid £114 for this hotel with breakfast but felt disappointed and thought it was overpriced.The room was basic and stark with a large burn mark on the carpet. The shower was interesting with a screen that was difficult to extend but then leaked anyway and the shower head had so much limescale on it we struggled to get a sprinkling of water.We booked for 1 night to see a band in London and prior to going out for the evening ventured down to the bar only to find no one serving and it looked like they only served soft drinks anyway ..... Check in was ok but the receptionist was not over friendly and upon departure we were advised that they were still waiting for us to check in! and then couldn't find our payment. They finally they took a copy of our receipt and said it was ok to leave. The only good thing was the breakfast which is served in the dining room (Basement Level). All the tables were laid very nicely with a good continental selection and friendly/helpful staff. The hotel is in a good location but it is also a noisy location .....	
Oct 23 2008 	welcome to the 50's (but nice)	first of all, I have read that this hotel has recently undergone a full refurbishment, so it will probably be better by now.Although the furniture in my room was like being thrown in a boys' bedroom in the 50's, with heavy curtains and dusty carpets, *but*, it was very good value for money, the breakfast was great, complimentary coffee in the room was delicious (with a boiler and tee / coffee galore), bathroom was acceptable even though a bit noisy, and the personnel was really helpful and nice.Considering its position (very close to the tube) and the usual high rate of London hotels, I look forward to stay again in this place.	
Sep 1 2008 	Very pleasantly surprised	We needed a hotel near Baker Street so chose this pretty much at random after looking on the map. I must say I was a bit put off by some of the reviews, but was a bit desperate when i rang and booked. The price was fine (£70 for a double room), the room seemed newly decorated, nice TV, good bed, very clean everywhere and good double glazing. We were very suprised to find such a good continental breakfast-croissants, rolls, eggs, cheese, ham, cereals, juices etc. We will definitely stay there again, couldn't really fault it for what we needed. And all the staff we met were full of smiles, very helpful, and friendly.Ariadae	
Aug 12 2008	Dont stay here even if your desperate	One piece of advice. Stay away from this place. Book a hostel ..even share a room with strangers it will probably be bettter. Everythings broken in this dump and brekkies vomit inducing unrefigerated muck.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great position	Arrived at London Marylebone station and after a 5 minute walk we arrived at Hotel 82. We couldn't check in as it was only 12.30pm and the room wasn't available until 2pm but there was a lockable cupboard that we could store our bags in so we went exploring and wound up at Madame Tussauds for the afternoon (what a waste of money that was - queued for over an hour to get in, was far too busy to see any of the waxworks and was in and out in about 40 minutes), anyway... once we had checked into our room it was comfortable, if a little worn. Some of the paintwork needed re-doing and the dust behind the tele was shameful but the air con was on full blast and it was a relief to be out the hot sun.. the bed was very comfy also, if a little soft. Bathroom was clean and modern with an ok shower, looked better than it was with lots of jets but the water pressure wasn't up to much. We stayed at the Hotel 82 because of its locality as we were going to a concert at the 02 Arena and it was easy to pick up the tube at Baker Street straight to the concert venue. As most of the other reviews have pointed out, if you're at the front of the hotel it's rather noisy at night, but then you're staying in the capital city so what do you expect.. if you want peace and quiet go to the Lake District... Breakfast the following morning was continental with fruit juice, cereals, bread, burnt croissants, boiled eggs, stale french bread and hams and cheese and a good cup of tea.. set us up suitably until lunch. Overall this was a good hotel and did it's job. Great location and reasonably priced for a London hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Noisy - Noisy - Noisy!	We stayed at the Hotel 82 for one night during July 2008. The hotel is very well placed - only a 5 minute walk from either Marylebone station or Baker Street Tube Station.The hotel is very much a small &quot;boutique&quot; style hotel - very neutral areas around the hotel and in the rooms. The Staff very attentive and friendly - we did arrive quite early on the check in day and we were asked to leave our bags in the luggage cupboard. The room was decent enough - clean , comfy bed, good bathroom and generally good facilities. The hotel is based in gloucester place - this is a 3 lane one way road and boy was it noisy. We arrived back at the hotel around 12 midnight and the traffic simply did not stop all night - buses / lorries continued throughout the night and the soundproofing was average - i would suggest if you are a light sleeper that you get a room at the back else you simply will not get any sleep - it was that noisy!!That apart the hotel is fine for a 1 or 2 night stay - but dont forget your earplugs!!Breakfast is a strictly continental affair - and you may have to queue as the breakfast room has 6 tables for 20 rooms.If you can get a cheap deal on this hotel - no problems, but i would certainly check elsewhere first!	
Jul 13 2008 	disappointed	Good location but disappointed with room - needs to be re-decorated,very scruffy looking, phone and kettle did not work and had problems with tv channels. Had a room at the front very noisy all night due to lack of sound proofing from windows. Tried to have breakfast at hotel, but dining room so small it could not cater for all guests - so ended up going elsewhere to eat. Put up with the experience only because it was a one night stay - overall think we could have got a better standard of hotel for the same price.	
Jul 9 2008 	Mediocre	Completely fine and functional, just for £100+ a night you wish you'd get a bit more than stains on the walls, no remote control etc etc. Quiet and comfortable in a pretty small room. Shower was too wimpy. It did the trick but not much else. Equal distance from Marylebone &amp; Baker Street stations so an easy five minute walk to the Tube. Not too much else to recommend.	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved it great hotel	Good clean hotel, perfect for a couple of nights on business. Continental breakfast, lovely staff, and good sized room. Brilliant location. Great shower! Only bad thing I could say is lift is quite small. Great air conditioning too, perfect for the hot summer (if you get one!).	
May 28 2008 	Good hotel but on a noisy street	Hotel 82 is located close to Baker street tube station and Madame Tussauds. Although the hotel is near to the tube and tourist attractions there is a downside to this, Gloucester place is a really busy and noisy street even at night. So ask for a room, which is not facing the street or buy a pack of earplugs.Hotel was nicely decorated and clean. It seemed that the hotel was recently renovated. It was quite tastefully decorated, for instance the colorscheme was neutral and not tacky at all. The room had a digital safety deposit box free of charge. There is also a hairdryer in the bathroom and an adjustable showerhead. Unfortunately the water pressure was quite bad, but I assume this is a general problem in London.Breakfast was included in the price of the room. It was a basic continental breakfast with croissants, breadrolls, cereals, muesli, coffee, tea, juices, boiled eggs, yogurts and fruits. Nothing fancy but enough to begin the day. All in all there was enough to choose from. The breakfast room is quite small, and some mornings you had to wait to get seated, but it was not too long of a wait.Hotel staff was polite and efficient.	
Mar 25 2008 	Hotel 82 London Best Hotel Stay Ever!	Wow, this hotel is excellent if you are a tourist in London and you don't know where to stay, i just happened upon it when i needed a nice safe place to stay that was close to everything, it is not a huge hotel with tons of ammenities, but rather a boutique hotel and it does have a bar, elevator, 24 hr reception, airconditioning, safes, minibar, fridge, coffee/tea, phones, lcd tv, luggage room. It was a fabulous to stay in the City of London, because as a tourist, you're never there anyway! But when you wake up there is a fabulous breakfast in a beautiful room, and when you get home there is a sumptuous bed and bathroom (see the pics) with all the comforts of home, the staff was very nice, the hotel was spotless, a very modern yet elegant inside whoever designed the place was genius, and best of all, it is a 5 min. walk to Baker Street Station where you can find the train station, the bus station, tour buses, and Madame Toussaud's Museum and Beatles Museum is one block away! A gem of a find especially in London and it is not i repeat not expensive at all...you will be very glad you stayed here. This hotel gets 5 stars from me! see them at www.hotel82london.com	
Jan 2 2008 	Perfect for Central London Location	I came back to visit friends In London and do some city things - found this little hotel perfect, great location with easy access to Baker street station.It's small and the bathroom is tiny but clean, modern and perfect for a few nights affordable stay in Central London - would recommend for short stays.	
Sep 26 2007 	suites at 146	We stayed 13 nights at the suites owned by this hotel. Found that the staff was very indifferent to the guests and seemed not to want to hear or correct problems (internet out and dryer broken). The mattress is on the floor with not box spring or frame. On the postive side, the placw is well located and large enough (although the bathroom couldn't possibly be smaller). I would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Aug 27 2007 	Hotel 82	After searching the internet for a week to find a hotel to spend bank holiday weekend in I came across Hotel 82, which was not only one of the cheapest I had found (£280 for 3 nights including breakfast) but one of the best looking and also in the perfect location to catch a coach to Stansted Airport early Monday morning. After booking a double room I came across some poor reviews that made me consider cancelling the booking, but upon arriving we were pleasantly suprised. The hotel is within 10 minutes walk of Baker Street tube station, the rooms were very clean and equipped with air conditioning, safe and mini bar, the bathroom and shower were excellent, and the breakfast was also very good.The room was made up each day and the shampoo etc replaced, we also found the reception staff very helpful, allowing us to use their staff computer and internet to print some flight details. I would not have a single complaint to make about this hotel and would definately use it again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Was impressed by the 146 Suites	Stayed here for 3 nights with a couple of friends and was impressed. The rooms were spacious, there was a double bed, wardrobe, chest of draws, tv and table and chairs in the main room. In the other room there was a double sofa bed and the kitchen area. The kitchen was well appointed with kettle, toaster, microwave and a 2 ring hob. There was plenty of cutlery etc. The bathroom was small but had everything you needed including a hairdryer.The room was cleaned daily, we stayed over the weekend and the room was cleaned on Saturday and Sunday. The towels are changed daily, and folded into swans!The suites were in a good location between Marylebone and Baker Street stations, less than a 5 minute walk to each. Oxford street was only a 10 minute walk awayThe only downside was that we were on the ground floor and the road outside could be very noisy at night. Otherwise we enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back.	
Jul 29 2007	Stayed 5 times	I think that Hotel82 can offer great value for money. It's location speaks for itself - 5 minutes from Oxford Street in one direction and Baker Street in the other. The place has a modern contempory feel to it, but admittedly compact. The rooms and bathrooms are clean and modern, if a little small. But that said, it is often avaialable via 'Laterooms.com' for under £100 per night (including a lite breakfast) which I think represents good value for money. Ask for a room at the back, because they are quieter.	
Apr 20 2007 	The longest 3 nights we've had in a long time	This hotel was advertised as 4 stars but there was no evidence of this actually being a &quot;any&quot; star hotel at all. A few twinkly lights round the name plate don't make a place 4-star.Minimalist hotels are nice but this was actually basic - to not provide tea/coffee making facilities in 2007 in a &quot; 4* &quot; hotel is incredible. We had two lights that didn't work all the time we were there (the main light was one that was out) - we reported this at reception fourtimes. The lights remained out even when we checked out.The breakfast wasn't great - the items that should have been kept chilled (ham and salmon) were warm and the items that should have been hot were also warm......We never bothered with the &quot;bar&quot; - it didn't look very inviting....... Looked more like a restroom for the reception staff.The bog roll wasn't supplemented with a &quot;spare&quot; and the toiletries weren't replaced all the time we were there.The lift? Well, it was interesting - cramped with 2 people in.And if you do decide to &quot;give this place a whirl&quot;, ask for a room at the back as the noise from the road is pretty loud (I managed to&quot;lie in&quot; until 4.50am one morning, and was awake much earlier on the other two!!).	
Apr 17 2007 	Fab hotel fab location 	Have just spent a night at this hotel with my partner as part of a birthday treat and what a treat it turned out to be. The hotel is very clean and modern and although the rooms are a little on the small side just how much room does a person need to sleep? The idea is to spend your time exploring London not sitting in your bedroom so I do not agree with the negative comments left previously.We were on the top floor at the back of the hotel and had a very quiet and peaceful night. The bathroom was superbly decked out in marble and chrome with a hot and powerful shower.The breakfast which was included was another plus point for the hotel. Service was quick, polite and the selection was plentiful. For the price we paid the location was fantastic! We were very close to the West End and within walking distance of Oxford Street.I simply cannot fault this hotel at all and feel the value for money received was exceptional. We would defiantly stay here in future and have already recommended the hotel to many friends.	
Apr 3 2007 	The tiniest hotel in the whole wide world... with so many half measures.	Hotel 82 is a case of bizarre half measures. There’s a lift, but it’s so small it can fit two able bodied people in at a crush - there’s no way a wheelchair could fit in. This can be seen in the attached photo, where my petite girlfriend can be seen touching both sides of the lift without stretching.This continues up into the room. Take the bathroom: there’s a state of the art shower (very nice) and 1 ply, rough toilet paper (less nice). There’s a cool LCD telly in the bedroom (nice) which only shows terrestrial and around 15 indecipherable foreign channels (kind of pointless…). The bedroom’s clean and nicely decorated, but so small that you can’t get out if the bathroom door is open - see the picture. The room is so small in fact, that when bending down to get something out of the cupboard, I cut my back on the desk to the right of the bed. Painful, annoying, and a perfect example of what’s wrong with this hotel.Staff vary between acceptable and comically unfriendly, and the breakfast was well stocked, but a little bizarre. Cold boiled eggs, anyone?Location was very convenient for Baker street station, so it had that going for it…	
Mar 11 2007 	Oh what a fun night	I thought I would give it a try, maybe I should have listened to the bad reviews.On arrival I was told that due to problems with the water system, there was no water in my room, so no shower (they were installing a tank on the roof to fix the problem). They told me they were unable to contact me as I had booked it through Expedia?! The girl on the front desk said that she would organise a small refund, but I haven'theard from them yet.I was allowed to very quickly have a show in another room that was booked but the person had not arrived yet, I was asked to be quick!The room was ok, no Internet access though.The bed was itchy! Every now and then it was anoying, but not all the time. I don't know if it was bed bugs or just bad washing powder (may it was because everyone else mentioned it).The next morning, just after I checked out, the same girl on the front desk mentioned that she stayed in the room next to mine and that the shower was working fine. Thanks.	
Mar 10 2007 	Poor apartments	We stay, my wife and I at 146 Suites that belongs to Hotel 82 London last 3 to 5 March of 2007. They give us an apartment in basement of an old victorian building, poorly refurbish. The bedroom view is for nowhere like the photos illustrated. The bed was a small size one with no more than 1.35m width without bedboard tables. The bathroom had two square meters. The apartment is well situated about 400 m from Baker Street Station and closed to Luton Easybus.	
Jan 14 2007 	Lovely	I just spent a night at hotel 82 and it was very good. I expected something a bit worse (as many uk hotels tend to be oldfashioned/ancient) but it actually was very modern and comfortable. My bedroom was very small but ok, a small modern bathroom with excellent shower, big bed, plasma Tv.... I would'nt complain at all after having been to other hotewls in teh same city .... that I wouldn't like 2 remember!	
Nov 30 2006 	hotel 82 - not bad	I was booked into this hotel thru work along with 3 other colleagues as it was close to an event we were attending on Park Lane and was fairly cheap. It looked nice on the website but after reading TA reviews I was a bit worried.But it was actually OK. When we checked in the receptionist did ask if she could copy all of our personal id but we refused and she just said that the mangement said she had to ask and left it at that. Having said that she did have details of our company credit card so we were fairly low risk.The rooms were all small but lovely - very clean, very modern, very nice en suites and very comfy beds. Not a lot of space but that wasn't a problem. I didn't like not having tea and coffee facilities in the room especially as buying a cup of tea cost £2. There is a coffee bar round the corner from the hotel tho if you don't mind going out which is better.We arrived back very late and the staff (and their friends?) were on reception and in the very tiny bar. They were friendly but very noisy which made it hard to hold a conversation in the bar altho once we went to our rooms we couldnt hear them thankfully.Breakfast is in a tiny but nice dining room in the basement. The selection is limited - nothing cooked - but what is there is OK.So overall nothing to rave about but nothing that bad either and the location is good.	
Nov 25 2006 	Bedbugs...not given room for our honeymoon	We booked this hotel via Laterooms and this was supposed to be our first night of honeymoon before we flew out of heathrow the next day.We arrived at the hotel to be greeted by the receptionist who informed us that our room had a case of bedbugs in and we could not get a room. We basically had to trek back home to Surrey and spent the night at home, rather than enjoying our first honeymoon night...not a pleasant experience.Also noticed other guests complaining about their rooms.	
Nov 10 2006 	felt like we were in a box	Hotel 82 was a real dissapointment after seeing it on the website.We were met by the receptionist who was a man in a leather jacket, we should have left then,The room was empty and souless and the shower was a dribble, We then had a discussion on why it was essential to retain a copy of a driving licence, when they had recieved payment, they asked us if we had a passport but as we had only travelled from the midlands we didn't think to take one!!! I wouldn't have minded the retention of information quite so much if the information had been stored correctly but a ringbinder shoved under the desk did not inspire confidence. Having recently been a victim of identity fraud I am loathe to leave my details with anyone,	
Nov 3 2006 	Great clean comfy central hotel	I read some of the reviews and was worried after bookng this hotel but I shouldn't have been. This hotel was only a 3 minute walk from Baker Street Tube Station and about a 10 minute walk from Oxford Street. It was in a quiet area of London and the door was always open (we never had to be buzzed in once!). The breakfast was fine and the rooms were great-very modern and clean. I loved the comfortable bed. I thought this hotel was good value for money as I've stayed in other more expensive hotels in London and been more disappointed. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for somewhere great to stay within a budget.	
Oct 2 2006	Terrible Service	Hi i visited this hotel september 24th 2006 arrived around 9pm after paying £10 in taxi from train station. The receptionist informed us with a grunt that there was a problem, they had over booked us and we would be staying at another hotel, there was no apologies she just gave us the direction to next hotel, were we then had to walk to with heavy luggage in tow.The new hotel was same price £89 per night but quality was nothing like what i was expecting from the picture i had seen of the hotel 82.	
Apr 3 2006	Wanted to like it but!	Stayed on the 28th March 2006 and I stay regularly in London and looking for this type of hotel but found the locked door and buzzer slightly off putting and then checked in but wanted photo ID from everyone but they made do with photo copy of credit card! note 2% charge for c/c payment. The lift is designed for 1.5 people I would say. The room was larger enough, spotless and light with comfortable bed although the curtains are strangely see through. No tea and coffee facilities but you can purchase from the bar. Continental breakfast was very limited, coffee with UHT, no toast or fruit and about 6/8 small tables so be early. A shame really, slightly better quality breakfast, tea and coffee in the rooms and they have a better package	
Mar 27 2006	Brilliant	Cheap, cheerful and chic. Absolutely brilliant. Highly recommended. Stayed for two nights and wished it was longer. The rooms are small &amp; spotless, but perfect. The bed is sooooo comfy. The continental breakfast was ample and the staff were extremely helpful. Would definately go back and have already advertised it.	
Mar 22 2006	Value for money for basic clean accommodation	Booked this hotel last minute. Very reasonable rate and included continental breakfast too. Word of advice though - go to breakfast early as dining room very small and we landed up in a queue for a table! Very central location and room clean and neat.	
Mar 22 2006	Cheers for Hotel 82!	Everything about this hotel is downsized, but otherwise optimal. The place is extremely clean, my bed (twin)and comforter were both terrific, the continental breakfast (included with room)was very good, and the location is marvelous (quiet, but an easy walk to Baker Street). Highly recommended for folks who want a great, no frills place to stay.	
Mar 6 2006	Worth a visit	Visited for the fist time last week. Found the locked entrance door a little intimidating (arrived on my own from Baker Street tube)and the 2 person lift very &quot;bijou&quot;! The bed was very comfy however, the bathroom well fitted and I wasn't bothered by the noise of Gloucester Place as I had a room on the other side. Breakfast had a very continental feel - especially the tea being served in a glass beaker with uht milk!I turned the wrong way a few times as there were no directional signs yet but I am sure they will be planned soon. In summary, it felt very newly refurbished and good value in London.	
Feb 26 2006	Nice Stay	This hotel was in a great location for my family's stay, within walking distance of things we wanted to do. The staff was very friendly. Although we had a small problem with our shower it was taken care of immediately. We will definitely stay there again in the future.	
Feb 18 2006 	If all you want is a bed it's fine		
Feb 9 2006	Loved it		
Jan 27 2006	Value for money		
Jan 15 2006 	Better than other reviews suggested given the price.		
Dec 18 2005	Good quality for a 3 star hotel		
Dec 11 2005	Russian service?: no service! Do not stay here		
Dec 9 2005	Better than expected		
Dec 7 2005	Good Little Hotel Ideally situated for exploring.		
Nov 28 2005 	horrendous - don't stay there		
Nov 15 2005	Never experienced such bad service		
Oct 13 2009 	splendido we		
Jan 16 2009 	Imbattable à Londres		
Oct 15 2008 	ottima zona ma l'hotel non è proprio pulito		
Sep 8 2008 	Sympa		
