Feb 26 2008	I Want A Hot Breakfast	It's hard to find a hotel in a place like London at a tourist price that has a hot buffet breakfast. This is the place, and I would come back again and again. I hate being forced to eat Rice Krispies and that silly salami and cheeses all these places have. Give me eggs, bacon, suasage, etc. As for the roooms ... they are what they are, small, etc. But I go to London to tour, not sit in a hotel room. This place is within easy walking distance from Paddington Station, which is 15 minutes from Heahtrow by train. There are many restaurants all over the place, including a fabulous Italian joint ... Taormina at 19 Craven Terrace. Hyde Park two blocks away, two tube stations within five minutes. No, you don't honeymoon here, and I have peace and quiet because I go at the end of March, not during the tourist season. If you want luxury, pay for it. If you want value because you want to spend your money on trains, exhibits, food, etc. this is a good bargain.	
Feb 10 2008 	No 5 star but totally acceptable	We stayed here several years back, but reading the reviews I just wanted to state our experience.The hotel was small, but clean. Our room had two single beds and a desk, with not much room for anything else-but as we were there to see London and not the hotel room, that was okay. The breakfast was decent and service was good, bathroom clean, and location great (we were able to walk to everything &quot;touristy&quot; including the Palace, Piccidilly, shopping, even the eye, portobello-but we're walkers).There's also a great restaurant right across the street-greek if I can recall.All in all-if you're looking for an inexpensive and centrally located hotel you're not going to spend a lot of time in-this is fantastic. If you're going to London for a romantic getaway or celebration-splurge on something better.	
Dec 20 2007 	Small but good rooms	Location was fair to reasonable - its a good 10 minute walk to the tube station, but apart from that, its well sited for walks in Hyde Park.. Rooms were well decorated and of a very good quality, and bathroom was fantastic! No views as such, we had a rear-facing room into a courtyard but its only a room to plant your head so not that fussed. The whole complex is a bit cramped, small lift, small reception but not too bothered about that either. Well priced but in March, its not that busy for trade i'd think..	
Apr 23 2007 	Dont be tempted	March 2007, a friend and I (two single girls 20-somethings) stayed at the Craven Gardens Hotel in London's Bayswater neighborhood. The hotel has some ok reviews from other travelers, was affordable and in a great area... BUT... please do not be tempted by these things to stay here. The reception area was small as I expected, but clean, so my first impression was ok. We checked in and were able to check in early, so I thought we had made a good choice... but then we went up to the room... It was extremely small and reminded me of a hospital room for some reason. We went to take a nap and noticed that we were missing one half of our window curtains. We went downstairs to ask them what could be done about this and they sent up the &quot;housekeepers&quot; in their stilleto boots who then climbed on one of our beds to replace one half of the curtain with another half that didnt match the first half. Basically, in the basement is a hostel and even the hotel guests are treated just like hostel guests. The customer service was minimal and borderline rude, getting extra towels was like pulling teeth, the shower hardly worked and when it did would be scalding hot or freezing cold, but no where in between. So, dont say you havent been warned - i know this hotel is a good deal, but you might as well stay at a hostel for less money...	
May 24 2006	Oh brother!	This was our first trip to London. We traveled on a United Airlines Vacation package. I would almost rather have stayed home! The smoke was horrible; I would imagine some people have left even though they prepaid for their room. As for the food, go for coffee and toast only. The room was so hot it was unbearable, even though it was cool outside and we left the window open all night. I will say the bathroom was more forgiving. It was clean and there was lots of hot water. All in all I would not return again. In fairness to the facility, I think they should advertise themselves as a youth hostel, but not as a hotel for the general public.	
Dec 3 2005	Great value	Before this trip I had stayed at 3 other London budget hotels and didn't like any of them, so I know how hard it is to find a good value in London - But Craven Gardens is one. I stayed there in March 2005, in a single for £39 a night. The hotel's location is fabulous, just a block from Kensington Gardens, two minute walk to a bus stop, 5 minutes to two tube stations and to lots of cheap eats on Queensway. The building and lobby are clean and nicely decorated, there's a lift. The breakfast (included in the price) was great - eggs, toast, bacon, juice, coffee. The room itself was small (but no smaller than any other room I've stayed in in London). There was just a double bed and essentially no other furniture (or room for any). But there was an alcove with space to hang clothes, lay your suitcase,etc. There was tea/coffee maker, TV, huge window, and very clean modern bathroom. I will most definitly stay there again.	
Nov 12 2005	Great Value!	Recently returned from 11 nights at Craven Gardens and I will be back! Friendly and helpful staff, comfortable room, hot English breakfast daily. This hotel is conveniently located to major bus routes (15 minutes at peak hours to Piccadilly Circus) and tube stations. Good pub next door. Quiet room, no noisy neighbors. The staff really made my stay special with their cheerful help. This was my 15th trip to London and I have finally found a budget hotel that I would recommend to friends/family. Prospective guests must remember that budget hotels in England (all of Europe, from my experience) do not have large rooms, but the bed was comfortable, the bathroom large by Brit standards and everything was very clean. I can't wait to go back!	
Jun 17 2005	Unfriendly staff unclean rooms allright location	I stayed here for four nights in the hotel. The staff were not friendly and they were not at all knowledgable (fortunatly for us we had both been to London before and so we were fairly familiar with our surroundings. When we checked in the sheets and the toilet were dirty. Yes the room is tiny, but we knew that going in. I guess the value isn't that bad, but we probably could have done better. Unless you are looking for somewhere really cheap, don't stay here. Oh yeah the breakfast was... as they say in the UK... rubbish.	
Mar 30 2005	Would not stay there again	Just got back from 6 days in London where we stayed the entire time at this part hotel/part youth hostel. If you like traffic noise, young people partying, lots of rap music blaring at every breakfast, smoke and very uninformed staff, this is the place. Oh, did I mention hearing every word through the walls in the next room at 2 am? The breakfast was terrible unless you like fake eggs and very greasy ham. And don't forget the stale cornflakes. Now to be fair, this location is superbly close to Hyde Park and two very convenient tube stations (Queensway and Bayswater.) The shower was wonderful. And for 50 pence you can logon to a computer very conveniently located in the lounge area for 15 minutes. It's great for e-mailing home if you have a web account. But the lack of space, smoke permeating from every wall, hearing every door slam, cramped room, traffic noise even for the price would keep me from staying there in the future.	
Dec 3 2004	1 star at best	This hotel is basically a Motel 6 type, the rooms are tiny, smelly, hot (in the winter!) and not close to the tube (4 -5 blocks away). There are no non smoking rooms, no central air and is very noisy at night. People are coming and going all the time as the bottom floor is a hostel for young people. Bring your ear plugs and if you are staying here, good luck.	
Oct 12 2004	Very Pleased	I stayed at this hotel from Sept. 14-21, 2004. The hotel was clean, although the rooms could use a little upgrading, i.e drapes, carpeting, but then you are not in the room that much. The staff was most helpful and accomodating. The full English breakfast was quite adequate, but the menu was the same every day. I especially enjoyed visiting with other guests from around the world at night in the lobby bar. Very close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens and located between two tube stations, which made getting around London pretty easy. Only a block and a half away from the bus stop. I took Airbus 2 from Heathrow and it stopped about two blocks away from the hotel. Numerous restaurants and pubs in the area especially along Bayswater Road and Queensway. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 8 2004	worth the cost	Just coming back from London. My 3 nights stay in this hotel is comfortable I should say. The building is undergoing renovation, so there is some noise and disturbance at day time. The bathroom is clean and clear. Bed and breakfast is up to standard. Room is small, as in fact in line with other hotels in London.Overall, worth the money you spend.	
Mar 25 2004	Caring and helpful staff	Just returned from 6 nights in London. The Craven Gardens Hotel staff were most helpful and caring. We had access to their freezer for medication. They wanted to be sure our needs were met. The rooms and full English breakfsts were quite adequate. The proximitely to the underground made our comings and goings very easy. The friendliness of the staff started our day just right.	
Mar 11 2004	Excellent for the price	Great! Nice area, clean, good bathrooms, good breakfast, cybercafe across the street .	
Feb 25 2004	Very pleased	For our needs, we found Craven Gardens very satisfactory. The rooms are small and yes, the lounge could stand a new layer of paint or wallpaper, but then, we didn't go to London to hang out in our hotel. We were there six days and spent most of that time out and about; the hotel was a welcome end-of-a-long-day retreat to put up our sore feet and relax. The staff is friendly and accommodating, and the hotel's location is fantastic, with easy access to bus lines, the tube, parks (Hyde Park is at the end of the street), pubs, restaurants, and shopping. If you're looking for American-type chain hotels with the quintessential pool/jazuzzi, etc., this probably isn't the place for you. If you're looking for a decent, reasonably priced hotel to come back to after a long day of roaming around London, it's definitely worth considering. We will stay there again.	
Dec 2 2003	NOT SO HOT!	Just got back form a 5-night stay at this hotel. It was a little tacky. The picture of the bar shown on the internet site was obviously taken several years ago - not all the bright blue upholstry is faded and stained. The twin room we had was tiny tiny tiny -- ( you had to sit on the bed to open the closet door	
Nov 20 2003	Just okay	Hardly a 3 star hotel. i would say an average 2 star at the best. No peeling paint, no bugs, nothing that obvious. I had a small twin room in the &quot;lower ground floor&quot; (basement). Thankfully we weren't in our room very often - it was REALLY small. The bathroom had obviously been recently re-modeled and the room itself was basically clean (the bedspreads could've gotten a bit closer to the washing machine). I would recommend this hotel if you're only going to stay 2 to 3 days. We were there for 6 days.... and would have prefered someplace nicer. It's definitely BUDGET. And with the dollar at such a low value these days... that's a strong plus. If you're looking for Okay.. and just a place to crash at the end of the day - this might be the place. Make sure you check the internet and shop around for the best price available. It takes the sting out of the room itself when you get a good deal.	
Sep 17 2002	Perfect 3-Star	Craven Gardens Hotel is a nice 3-star property with easy access to the underground and buses. Kensington Gardens is only a block away and across the street from the hotel are a couple of convienience stores for snacks, newspapers, phone cards ect. A low-key pub with outdoor seating is next door. The rooms are smallish, probably average for a 3-star property in London. Rooms were very clean, bathrooms modern,and wonderfully comfortable beds. Downside is there are no chairs in the room, but they did have a lounge which was nice for just sitting around. If you are a light sleeper would recommend you request a room off street or take earplugs. The hotel is recently under new ownership. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly. 2-3 blocks walk away there were a variety of places to eat ranging from Burger King, McDonalds and Pizza Hut to some wonderful ethic resturants.	
Apr 10 2009	Aceptable para ser Londres		
Apr 3 2009 	Que asco!		
Aug 5 2008 	Caro para lo que es		
Oct 19 2006	Agradable hotel en gran zona		
