Aug 20 2009 	noisey expensive rooms not up to scratch	I found the people that I dealt with pleasant and competent, however the noise (1st floor rooms rumble with the tube!), lack of cooling (fans are in short supply), and general disrepair of the apartments does not (for me) warrant the charges, which are similar to staying in a local 5-star hotel. The extra kitchen facilities do not compensate for the general disrepair (and the odd smell in the hallways). Stayed twice in Aug 2009.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location some drawbacks	This is the second Marlin Apartment I have used and would certainly use them again.Compared to the many pretentious four and five star London Hotels on which I have previously wasted money a self catering apartment is perfect.What you will not get is attentive staff, housekeeping, Moulton Brown toiletries, breakfast served to you, a swimming pool or gym, tourist/shopping/theatre location. Nor will you get a fancy lobby which belies a small poorly equipped room where you are lucky to get a tea and coffee tray, expensive video rental, expensive mini bar and room service.What you will get is great value for money, accommodation which any hotel would call a suite and charge accordingly through the roof, a kitchen with washing machine, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge freezer, kettle, toaster and limited crockery/cutlery/utensils, TV with Sky and DVD player, a perfectly good bathroom (although we had to flush our loo with a bucket due to a dreadful cistern), privacy to come and go just as you please, a lounge with dining table, sofa, easy chair etc.I agree with a fellow reviewer that the bed was not the best. We stayed at a weekend when the noise was much less - although you could hear the tube trains rumbling under you that is something that you often have to accept in a city.The staff were OK, businesslike. On Saturday I asked where I might buy a newspaper and was told that the area was closed at weekends - being a business district. I headed south of the river and eventually found a newsagent. Next day I found a 24 hour store within one minute of the apartments.Location - excellent. During the week there are plenty of cafes and shops open. There are a few pubs. The location is perfect for St Paul's and a stroll across the Millennium footbridge to the Tate Modern and Globe Theatre. Just across Southark bridge (three minutes) is an EAT cafe which is open from 9am at weekends. Opposite the apartment is a Pret A Manger (closed Sundays), a Domino's Pizza shop is part of the apartment building so you won't go hungry. It is a pleasant forty minute walk to the West End past St Paul's and Covent Garden. Three tube stations, the nearest being Mansion House on the Circle and District lines, give easy access to the rest of London. We bought a good value off peak day travel pass at £5.60 which allows unlimited travel. For us Bank Station (five minute walk) was a favourite as the Central line runs straight into the west End. We had tickets for something each night and it only took thirty minutes from the apartment to each theatre/restaurant.Plenty of taxis around. It's about £10 including tip toi the West End, £12 after midnight coming home.I agree that the apartments are very warm and pity the people who live there full time. We discovered that opening the windows cooled things down!PLUS free broadband and a phone to which you can add credit. However, absolutely no cell phone signal from O2 which we found incredible.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Business Locale But REDICULOUSLY Loud	My business partner and I spent 5 nights in room 23 a week ago. This room is on the second floor. The location was amazing for business in The City, which was a 15 minute walk. It is also a matter of feet from the Mansion House tube stop. It was not terribly clean and there was some disrepair. The bed was a bit hard. Service was spotty. But these issues pale in comparison to the unbelievable noise. It abuts several busy streets, which rumbled the walls and windows all night. The street sweepers came by at 5 am. The rumble of the tube was audible late and began again early. The place could have been The Ritz and the noise would have ruined the experience. The primary purpose of a room is for sleeping, and sleep was not happening. If you do not mind staying up all night, everything else is tolerable. But the noise is BAD, BAD, BAD.	
Jun 15 2009 	Sterile Apartment Horrible service	The apartment itself is ok - modern and very sterile, but not so clean when we arrived.We had an experience where our clothes got ruined in the washing machine in our apartment, because of wrong connection in the water supply. After making them aware of the fault, they fixed the machine, but totally avoided any responsability for the clothes that was ruined.Instead of dealing with it in the moment, they wanted us to send an email and explain what happened, and everything would be taken care of.After months of emailing I am shocked over how they have treated us. We even sent the clothes later by post, but they still refuse any compansation.I will never want to visit Marlln Apartments again	
Mar 7 2009 	great value for a stay in london	consider this central london option if you like self-catered travel or want to try it. personally, i prefer this to hotels. i got a 1 br apartment with a modern fully equipped kitchen for considerably less than any reasonable hotel option. you will be pretty much on your own, though there's someone at the front desk 24 hr/day.i found these folks friendly and helpful. the location is excellent: right in the middle of the city of london (the financial district) with 3 tube stations &amp; st paul's cathedral within a short walk. the city is not the place for night life &amp; just about shuts down on weekends. if that's a drawback for you, consider this as a base of operation &amp; use the tube. you have a super market open til midnight 2 blocks away, so you'll not run out of food. and you have all the usual center city services (drug store, work-a-day dining, etc) within the same range.  one possible drawback is the audible noise of london's underground, which runs close by. as a rail fan i find this quite acceptable, even a plus. but it'll put some of you off. marlin has several similar operations in the same general area. i can't vouch for any of the others. but the 30 queen street location would be my first option if i returned to london for something more than an over night.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Our one bed apartment was fantastic.Very spacious and clean - had a welcome basket which came in handy.The area for us was good as we didn't want a hectic weekend so being in a quieter place was ideal. Enough places to eat out or get takeaways etc. The tube was only a few minutes walk away.Would recommend.	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice place for stay	Very nice place for short stay in London. Large living room with kitchen, bath and bedroom. I get suite on 3'th floor. Livingroom with eating table, sofa, tv, sattelite revicerand dvd. Fully equimpent kitchen (with snacks, water, cola, mile, coffe, tea, ect.). Large bath with shower. 2 nice bedroom (one with second bathroom).Internet is avialable via cable (wifi not avialeble) - but cable are corrupted (if you have own cable - not problem).At the street you can find 2 pub's, few restaurnats (subway, pizza, ext), subway and 24h tesco market.Nice place for short (and log) business stay. Good price - about 80 gbp - at this prioce you can get a small rude room in many hotels in London.Attention - checkin are avialbele form 3 pm - if you arrive morning - you can't get keys!!! Checkout - 10am (but you can store your luggae and pickut it before 1pm or after 3pm).	
Sep 23 2008	Not worth £100 !!!! AWFUL!!	Avoid this place!From the moment we walked in, the flat was not really clean. Sticky floors, dirty cutlery, smelly pillow covers, etc. Washing machine didn't work, dishwasher didn't work, side lamps didn't work.They denied several times the problems existed, to the point I had to take the concierge upstairs and show everything to her.They refused to fix the appliances because as you're staying for a couple of days....you'll manage. The problem is: we stayed for 3 weeks!I STRONGLY RECOMMEND any one ready to spend around £100 per day to GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.PS: Have you seen the photos on the web site? Amazing, uh?Forget it! You'll NEVER get that view!	
Jul 29 2008 	Great location wrong apartment	I'm a business traveler. I actually like the location because it's quiet. And believe it or not, there are services around here, a great supermarket three blocks away, and an adequate array of restaurants. Three subway stations within walking distance, so if you don't like the area, you can get to another one easily. The problem is this building. They say there is Sky TV, but the box in my flat doesn't work, so I get 4 channels, not including the closed circuit view of the front door of the building. It's 80 degrees in London right now, and I have fans the size of a dinner plate, despite the fact that my company requested fans in advance (which weren't available until 2 1/2 hours after my check in). The kitchen is woefully stocked. No paper towel, no dishwashing liquid. Do they expect me to run the dishwasher for 2 glasses and 4 spoons? The broadband access requires an Ethernet cable (hello, it's the 21st Century, we have wireless in this city). Take a look at my pictures, they tell the story. Then ask if your company should spend $5K to put you here for three weeks.	
May 26 2008 	great apartment	Great spacious, clean, well equipped. I am not sure we would ever stay in a poky hotel room in London again. We went for a weekend and found it easy to get into central London, to the River and to Brick Lane for a curry.	
May 5 2008 	Great apartment chain wrong location	For the most part I can agree with the reviews posted so far. - the location for non-business travelers is less than desirable in the weekend. I was walking around for at least half an hour on Saturday morning, and did not encounter one place to eat except a fast-food pizza place. The area is simply dead. If you are staying there on weekdays, the place must be full of life during the day, but closes down again after dark, except for a few restaurants. - this however also means they can offer great special prices during the weekend! - the noise of the subway that passes under the hotel is quite noticeable at times, and I was staying on the 4th floor! Since tubes do not run at night it did not keep me from my sleep, however- During weekends there is a big chance no one is around at reception. In case of problems (like my internet connection going down completely on Saturday afternoon, only to return on Sunday) contacting is tough. - I had a room on the inside of the building (courtyard). There is a nice terrace, but the smell of the pizza place kitchen kept me from opening any windows- apartment layout is great: large kitchen with all appliances provided, large living room, bedroom and bathroom. All very clean and in good shape. Large king-size bed. DVD player provided, but for some strange reason there were only two sockets for TV and one device: so it was either digital TV or the DVD player. Changing meant unplugging one to go to the other device. - digital TV has many channels, but for the most part those are not available in the basic package. So flipping channels is frustrating since a lot of channels just show &quot;upgrade your subscription&quot;...- I had no problem with warm water, at any point- you have some responsibilities, like taking out your own trash. - I did not receive a welcome basket, although it was mentioned on the evaluation form...Since there was nobody at reception, commenting about it was not possible. Maybe &quot;weekend dealers&quot; don't get one?- checkout is relatively early: 10:30. Going over that means paying an hourly rate- the &quot;front door&quot; to your apartment is a regular door without automatic locking like in a hotel, so don't forget to lock up when you leave. - good access to public transport with two big tube stations at short walking distance- check in is rather apart: you get an access code for the door, then another code for a little key safe: this will deliver your room key. Checkout is easy: drop the key in a mailbox. Would I recommend a stay at Marlin's? Yes. I would, however, go for a different location next time. The quality of the apartments is great, better than most hotels. But don't expect hotel service: no cleaning every day, no room service.	
Mar 11 2008 	Marlin Queen St a home away from home	I am on my third stay with Marlin Queen St. and I have been very happy, have 2 future bookings and will book here again if needed. That being said, I think there needs to be some clarification on what the property is and is not. It is set up as corporate style housing with stays for 1 week to 1 year. They are running a special (thru May 08 I think) where they are doing shorter stays at much lower rates than normal. It is not a full service hotel.My impressions. I have stayed at many hotels and at one other corporate style lodging, Citadines Barbican. I have now moved all my stays to Marlin as they are very convenient, reasonably priced and extremely good value for an apartment in The City. The location is about 1.5 blocks from the Thames, 3-4 blocks from St Pauls, 1/2 mile or so to the Tower and Tate. Being in The City, on the weekends restaurants and pubs tend to shut down early or are closed in the immediate area. This is good and bad. Good b/c it is very quiet and bad b/c you have to go further for food and drinks. There is a Tesco Metro about 3 blocks away so you can stock up the fridge and stay in. It is literally almost on top of Mansion House tube stop so you will here some faint rumbling of the tube. Not to scare you away but it is there and the apartments are very quiet. So quiet that you may want to bring a fan or white noise generator if you need that sort of thing.The 1 bedroom apartments themselves (I have seen 3 so far) are all pretty much the same. There is a separate bedroom with a closet and small dresser, 2 night stands, clock, etc. There is a full bath off the hall and a large living room with an attached kitchen. The kitchen has a large refridgerator, dishwasher AND washer/dryer in the unit. This is very handy for longer stays. (for those not familiar with UK appliances I recommend setting temp to 60 and choosing D on the green part of the dial, then hit start, soap goes in the little drawer and it takes a few hours) The living room is fitted out with a sofa (not a sleeper sofa, sorry), overstuffed arm chair / ottaman, dining table for 4, and TV / DVD / Satellite. The TVs are good sized and widescreen with stereo sound. Surround may be a bit ambitious but it does have a lot of channels to select from. There is free broadband internet and yes it is via a hard wire. These wires are around 3M long so you have to be a little flexible. I usually redecorate a little so the internet is near the big chair and then I am good to go.The first unit I stayed in was a little sporadic on the shower. It would go from warm to hot repeatedly. This only happened in this unit so not sure what the issue was and have not had any problems in the other units. It could be related to the fact that each unit is fully self contained with its own boiler and it may have needed something reset. You have full control over the heat and can set it up on a timer. Again, not what you would find in a hotel, more of what you find in your own apt/house. I have only stayed when the weather was cool so have no idea how (or if) you can cool the place down besides opening a window.I have found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. They stored a bag for me between trips, helped fix a problem I had with the washer in my first unit and keep the apartments immaculately cleaned. They only clean once a week for longer stays so you have to make your own bed which is fine with me. I did see them give their own umbrella to another guest who did not have one on a rainy morning. The desk is only staffed M-F during business hours so if there is an issue out of hours it could take a while to resolve.I did not receive a welcome basket on my first trip but again, no issues since then. It is a small thing but I understand if it says it should be there then it should be.In summary, if you are looking for a large, nice place to stay that is conveniently located, reasonably priced and you understand what it is and is not, then I highly recommend Marlin. If you want room service, daily cleaning or want to be in the middle of the night life, then this is not the place for you.Once back home I will try and submit a few photos but the ones on the web site are pretty representative of what to expect.	
Feb 25 2008 	Lack of basic services and customer care	We have just returned from our stay at the Marlin apartments in Queen Street, LondonWe went for 2 nights, friday and saturday.We got a very good deal on their website for £159 for the two nights for the two of us.However there were some issues id like to address...Firstly, none of the rooms have 'surround sound' as stated on the website, this is a very small thing but id just like to let people know.Secondly, we received no 'welcome basket' when it clearly states on the website that all guests do receive one.Thirdly, the high speed internet connection was a real pain in the ass to use, you had to plug an RJ45 lead into your laptop and then plug it into the wall, you only get a short cable and the socket was behind the TV in our apartment so it was really awkward to use, and the connection (once working) was intermittent and slow.And lastly! But most importantly - HOT WATER - Or lack-of!There was no hot water when we came to have a shower at about 6 o'clock on the friday evening. we couldnt get it working no matter what we did, so we phoned the office, got transfered from one person to another, one woman rudely just hung up on us so we had to call back and go through it all again, eventually we got to speak to someone who said there was no maintenance at weekends so all we could do was be moved to another room!! so we had to pack our bags again after unpacking all our clothes etc.. and move to another room where the water seemed okay.This made us miss our 7:30 reservation for dinner which we were both very angry about.Until the following evening...same problem, same phone calls, same solution - move again!! we however refused, we just used another room for a shower and stayed-put in our room as we really didn't want to move all our gear again!This really put a negative feeling over the whole of our stay with Marlin as we found their customer service to be lacking. And for a very new building to not have basic services seemed a joke.We have contacted Marlin since returning but we have had no reply...Other than these few problems we found the apartment very very clean and tidy and the bed was very comfortable indeed.Would we go back? Probably not, unless we hear that the water problems and customer service had somewhat improved!	
Apr 19 2009 	sans doute très bien pour de longs séjours sinon moyen		
May 9 2008 	Ottima scelta!		
