Jul 31 2009 	OK for 1 night	Our family of 4 stayed at the Astoria for 1 night on July 16th. The reception was very polite and there were no problems with the reservation. We had booked a room for 4 and that is just what we got. The check-in is at 11:00 and we showed up about 12:30 and the room was not ready. We just left our bags and came back 1/2 hour later and it was ready. Going into this hotel we expected very little for the price and that is what we got but the room was clean and the shower worked great. Make sure you pack shampoo because they only supply a small bar of soap. The breakfast was served next door in the basement of the Belmont and it was suprisingly good. It would have cost our family of 4 close to 25 pounds to eat out but this was included in the 95 pound rate we booked through EasyToBook.com. The checkout was at 11:00 a.m. also but the reception allowed us to leave our bags so we could spend the day in London w/o lugging them around. The location is only about 3 blocks from Paddington train staion and tube which is great. There are plenty of places to eat w/in waking distance and the Cad bar just around the corner has probably the least expensive drinks in London. I would sugest that if you stay more than 1 night to find something better but for 1 night it works fine.	
Jul 30 2009 	WORST hotel EVER!!!!!	MAYBE IT'S A LONG DESCRIPTION, BUT PLEASE READ IT! THIS IS THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD!The room was older then me. Needs a totally makeover. the curtains stays to fall. the double bed is one a half close to the wall so you won't fall off or because the room is so small. the ancient doors reminds me of the comunist east. the windows hardly open and they are also as old as the room is. the view is 3 1/2 walls and nothing else. the windows were not washed since the falling of the Berlin wall seams like. the furniture is falling apart, so i was afraid to use it. there was a water cooker and some coffe and milk, but the cooker was never cleaned inside i guess. and the 2 cups on the table you can still see the rest of the previous lipstick or coffe in it. the tv was small and dark, maybe because the dust is everywhere or because of the smoke before the smokink law. anyway, the only 5 chanels it's enough if you manage to switch on, because the remote control was broken and taped with tape so it bearly hold togeter. we got no shampoo, no shower gel, just 2 small pieces of soap of the lowest quality possible. we asked for shampoo, they dont have it. The bathroom was very small, you bearly manage to sit on the toilet seat because the sink it's right onto it. and the shower curtain is old and almost rotten. you can also see rust on the floor and door. well that was the room.The included breakfast it's no more then english breakfast wich is served along with a very small glass of orange juice and 4 toast for two . try and ask for more. the RUDE personell working there might give you more, but not be pleased that you asked for more. you can get coffer but only if you are there in time, half an hour before closing they stop cooking coffe so you might not get one. the cereals are on a table and nothing else. you get butter and the same 3 kinds of jam every day. i want to repeat myself so you can get the picture: The personell working in the breakfast room are RUDE! they don't smile, bearly say good morning or speak properly english, they get almost angry if you ask for something more or else to variate. They start cleaning the tables and remove the plates while you are still eating or holding your toast. maybe because right away they start cleaning the room and running to the next hotel? cleaning the room: you are asked to leave the room so they cand clean, they DON'T came again later. and about cleanig: they just fill for coffe and milk and arrange the bed. they dont change the sheets every day. we got new sheets because i insisted after 3 night. The ONLY positive thing was the all-right-one-smile personell at the reception. but no, they didn't have a map of the city and one evening at 9 pm we had to wait 10 min outside because it was closed. and this is a 24 hours reception hotel.All in all: expensive, dirty, rude stuff, no internet, not so great area and not good breakfast!	
Feb 22 2009 	Pay some extra pounds and choose a other hotel	Very small room. Sleep 4 nights on same sheets, get clean towles not until ask, twice. If you like bacon and beans.......after all don't choose this hotel. Pay some extra pounds and choose a other hotel	
Sep 7 2008	Sneaky	I reserved a double room through an agent called Terry! He said that our room is in Belmont ,when i asked about Astoria he said he has nothing to do with it ,though i found that belmont &amp; Astoria are the same chain . to start reservation Mr. Jerry deducted 35 pounds of my credit card as a deposit!!!!!!!!!!!!I went to check the hotel ,ifound that our reservation was in Astoria Not in Belmont contradicting what mr.Jerry said. We did not like the room as it was too small ,the bathroom was tooooooooooooo small ,so we informed the receptionist to cancel our reservation{he never did} .$8 hours before checking in we sent an email to the hotel &amp; to Mr. Jerry to confirm cancellation.STRANGE ENOUGH : the hotel denied receiving the mail ,&amp; we found out that they deducted 59 pounds from our credit card claiming that we did not show up nor did we cancel!!!!!!!!!!!The agent denied taking the 35 pounds for himself &amp;said the hotel got them!!!!!!!!the hotel said it is Jerry who got the 35 pounds It ended up that we lost 94 pounds between unprofessional sneaky people.It was a very bad experience &amp; an unfair way to snatch such amount of money for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1I have my mails to verify the incident	
Jul 5 2008	Portaloo!!!	This hotel looked lovely on the outside, however when you get inside you are greeted by rather miserable looking staff who dont speak much and they dont even show you to your room. Upon entering the room after climbing a very narrow set of stairs, i was shocked to find the room so small that me and my mum could barely move, then there was the bathroom or lack of it i should say, it was the size of a small cupboard, i have seen portaloo's that are bigger, so if you are of a rather large stature i would avoid this place. Noisy, not very well decorated and tiny.	
Jun 22 2008 	Nice staff serving breakfast really friendly people	My experience was generally good, rooms were clean, clean toilets sheets and towells, there was a cleaner keeping the room clean and tidy every day, the breakfast was reall nice, and the staff was really friendly.I don´t know if the rooms in Belmont building are diferent, but I went to the astoria, allthough the main reception and breakfast was served in the belmont (it´s the next door if you are in the astoria). The only reason I am not rating as an excelent is because of the receptionist that received me and my friends, the only staff member that wasn´t friendly at all.	
May 6 2008	disgusted anglesey	stayed in the belmont part of this hotel , the photos for this must be from the astoria or another hotel. we booked for our visit to the hyde park calling concert. would rather have camped out in the park in the pouring rain. tiny rooms musty smell, with very narrow stairs leading down to the cellar I think!! when we woke in the morning hundreds of ants crawling all over the place coming in from a hole by the door and walking along the dado rail, did pass a comment to the staff but were not interested. couldn't get out of there fast enough. never again!!	
Nov 15 2007	Appalling	I booked for one,received a quad room. Musty smell, Carpet certainly not clean would not be safe to walk on in bare feet.Shower tiny, ceiling covered in black spots over shower, power weak,just one tiny bar of &quot;Soap&quot; despite saying toiletries are provided. Hair dryer had to be collected at reception. This room was 50 steps up a narrow stairway next to attic. No assistance offered to bring case up or down. Sheets were white but I woke up &quot;itching&quot; Reception area had t.v. but couches had torn seating. Could not face breakfast having had a sleepless few hours. Certainly would not recommend this to anyone. This building should be checked for Health and Safety.	
Sep 16 2007 	Not worth it	Way to expensive for this standard. The bathroom looked like a rebuilt oil drum smacked into a corner of a very small room. On the positive side of things, the staff was very nice, I'd reccommend them any day. :)Also, hotels.com did not give accurate information on the hotel, seeing as they promised us free broadband connection. We could get broadband connection, but at a price of £5 a day.It might just be that we are not used to the english hotel standard, but I was absolutely expecting higher standard in a three star hotel.	
Jul 6 2007 	Clean and comfortable	The location can't be beaten, within walking distance of Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Front desk is open 24 hours which helped when we checked in at midnight. We stayed in the Astoria which two doors away from the Belmont. Our quad had a small bath en suite. Room was clean and tidy. Tea and coffee provided in the room. Breakfast is served in the Belmont and was proper English fare. Room had little character and no pictures on the wall which was not important but noticible. Staff was helpful and friendly and very nice to our young children. I would return to this hotel	
Jun 4 2007 	Good location	We were here for a one-night stay in June. This hotel is in a good location about 2 blocks from Paddington Station. The room was small (but not the smallest we have stayed at in London). However, the configuration of the furniture made it very difficult to find a place to put 2 small/medium suitcases where you could open them. The suitcases would either be where you wanted to walk or in front of the door. The room was clean and the bed fairly comfortable. There was a hot pot with tea bags and instant coffee in the room. We were in a ground floor room near the reception so it was a little noisy, but not too bad. Unfortunately the windows to the room did not open so it was a little stuffy but fine since we were so tired from our day. If it were very warm out, it would have been uncomfortable. Full English breakfast (sausage, ham, egg, beans, toast, coffee/tea, and juice) were included in the price and it was pretty good. They serve breakfast downstairs which keeps some of the noise away from the rooms. All of the staff were very nice and friendly. This is a fine hotel for a short stay, but may not be comfortable for a longer stay. But, the price was very reasonable for London (70 pounds per night) and for being so close to the metro.	
Apr 30 2007 	Don't go there!	This hotel is not at all as the photos from the website and from the internet! They have very small horrible rooms, with VERY narrow stairs, and the windows can't be opened! The furniture looks as from the communist schools, and believe me i know what i am talking about, because i am from an ex-communist country! They have no fridgeas they say, no mirror as in the photos, the tv was not working, no towels when we checked in (we had a horible twin in the top of the building) and the guy from the reception charged me before seeing the room! Then he told is not his fault they are not towels, and the photos are different! He promised to give us another room,which he never did,and when i was asking him why happens all this,he simply played he doesn't hear! Finally, he changed the tv with one which was working.The only quality this hotel has was the position and that it was clean. Sussex Gardens street is full with hotels, so choose another. They are planty of them, all loooking better.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nicht noch einmal		
Feb 6 2009 	Einfach nur schrecklich		
Dec 16 2008 	Engaño de su publicidad		
Oct 17 2008 	per quel che paghi va bene		
Aug 29 2008 	Horro; Schockerlebnis; Nie wieder!!!		
Jul 25 2008 	Absolute Bruchbude		
May 26 2008 	Absolut hundsmiserabel !		
Oct 20 2007 	Strategico		
May 9 2007	À éviter !!		
