Aug 15 2009 	Good budget hotel - location a little remote	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my husband who stays here most weeks. As you would expect it is fairly basic but reasonably priced for greater London. The rooms are small and would be ideal for single people but they become a little cramped for two over a number of nights. There are a limited number of hangers so for two people who are both working this was a problem. The beds are not particularly comfortable and the towels are in need of replacement as they are very thin and grey. Don't expect a full English breakfast but the options available are ideal for a quick breakfast. As it is next to Sainsbury's there is the option of buying sandwiches, salads and takeaway hot food. Walthamstow has a very large number of fast food/takeaway options although we have not tried any. Chingford is easily reached by bus - and there are some fabulous eating places here. The tapas bar and Thai restaurant are both next to Chingford station and are good. Commuting to London takes about an hour - from the hotel it is a bus and tube on the Victoria Line.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great place from which to base	I stayed here several times over several months. The staff from the top person to the clerks are friendly and courteous, particularly for a middle market hotel. The dog track is now gone, but this place is within easy walking of parks, tennis courts, restaurants, laundry and other shops. The rooms are typical HIE, which are not all the comfortable. But we have continually found that the quality of staff and their willingness to help made it a great place to base one's business travel to London. Just catch a cab to Walthamstow to catch the Tube, or a mini-Cab to City Airport. Not too bad.	
Feb 5 2009 	Free parking a plus	I needed a hotel for one night, for a family of four, with breakfast and free parking. I also needed to do several things over s short period and therefore I needed a handy location.This hotel fitted the bill. I have stayed in HI Express hotels before and knew I would get a comfortable room, fast check in, decent self service buffet breakfast. The free parking was a plus point, rival hotels wanted up to £15 per night.There is a Sainsbury's in the same location and along Chingford Road you will find takeaways. Its just off the North Circular but my sat nav was confused as it thought the hotel was on the North Circular Rd. This is why I mention the Sainsbury's as you need to get off the junction nearby.Its a great location if you have a car as it was no more than 10 miles away to places I needed to go in my short visit to London.	
Nov 23 2008 	Excellent Stay at HI Express	Stayed a Saturday night at the end of November whilst visiting friends. The room was booked through the Holiday Inn Express website for a rate of £49, very good value for money. There is easy access via public transport, plenty of buses connecting to tube and rail stations nearby as well as good access from the A406 and M25 if you are driving. Public areas were clean and tidy, as was my bedroom. Only slight complaint would be that the carpet was a little threadbare in places. Nice bright lighting in the room and no noise issues from the North Circular! Sadly Walthamstow dogs has shut down but there is plenty to do in nearby Chingford at night. If you like Chinese food head to Chongs just opposite Chingford Station(10 mins away by bus). All you can eat restaurant with a twist... it is not a buffet, everything is cooked to order and is of excellent quality. Back to the hotel, staff were friendly and polite when I had contact with them, wireless internet for a charge, vending machines for drinks etc, and Sainsburys just round the corner. Overall great value for money and convenient location. Will definitely stay there again in the future.	
Feb 29 2008	Great Little Hotel	I've stayed here about 5 times now in recent years, in fact any time that I'm heading home to Walthamstow I don't even entertain anywhere else.The rooms are clean, the staff are courteous, prices are low (for london) breakfast is included and considering the area and location security is very good.For anyone looking for a base in the greater London area you coudl do far far worse than consider the HIE, not only have you got an East London institute over the road in the form of Walthamstow Dogs, but transport links are excellent and your'e only 30 mins on the tube from central London.Try Walthamstow market it is excellent, over mile long and full of excellent stalls selling a huge range of multi cultural goods	
Feb 21 2008	Blackpool tourist	This is the second time we have stayed here - this time for 4 nights. A nice clean place, everything you could wish for at a budget hotel.This is not Central London, but that is about an hour away by bus and train. This hotel offers free parking, is not within the congestion charging zone, so is a good place to drive to, leave the car, and see the sights on public transport.There is a huge greyhound racing stadium oppisite - if you go, pre-book their &quot;six pack&quot; which offers admission, food, drinks, and a couple of £1 bets for a fixed price.	
Aug 22 2007 	Functional	Have stayed here a couple of times and have found it to be a typical HIE with reasonable standards. It's very close to the dog racing venue so would be an excellent choice if one was contemplating a dogs/hotel night. It's also adjacent to the north circular and appears to be planted in a corner of a large supermarket (Sainbury's) car park.There does seem to be some engine noise at the rear, refrigerated lorries perhaps, so a room at the front is better.On a few occassions, I have had to leave before 6am and have found myself unable to get out as the door is locked and the night staff have vanished. They can be unfriendly, which is in contrast to the day staff who I've always found rather pleasant.Surrounding area has nothing, unless you're there for the dogs. The nearest underground is miles away.	
Jul 25 2007 	Dirty Room well bellow holiday inns normal standard	Bed room was not very well cleaned stayed for two days and hairs in the bath room from the previous ocupant when i was there pest control was checking the room Bed Bug? Breakfast was very bussy used by a lot of Coach parties. One to avoid if you want a clean room or some were to sit for breakfast	
Jun 16 2007 	Dog racing delight	Located on the North Circular but well glazed!Great bar with very friendly staff who make for a good atmosphere. Located right by Walthamstow dog track so great entertainment if you are a solo business traveller (£1 entry on a Tuesday!)Right next to a Sainsburys &amp; the take away Indians that deliver to the hotel are good.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great hotel great price	Have styaed at this hotel a few times now. Its a modern hotel on the outskirts of London. The nearest tube station is about 10 mins bus ride away - there is a bus station very near the hotel. The tube into London only takes about 20 mins and you can use your one day rail card for the bus as well! Dispite being very close to the a very busy road, the hotel was quite. Rooms were clean, tidy and well furnished. I would say that the double beds are a bit small. We now opt for a twin room!The rack rate for this hotel is something like £160 per night. You can get it from time to time for £39 per night, per room inc cont. breakfast. Thats a great price for a nights stay in London.I would stay here again.	
Mar 7 2007	A lovely relaxing stay!	I booked this hotel as a gift for my partner with the sole purpose of the trip being the greyhound track in walthamstow.. it is literally right across the road!! There are no more hotels in the area and this one is more than enough..Expected exactly what i got from the holiday inn standard! Clean comfortable rooms. Read a couple of reviews before i left and the only negative point anyone mentioned was that it is out of london. Yes this is true however it is a very relaxed hotel with the bus stop across the road that will carry you to the Selbourne walk shopping centre (has all your high street shops) and the markets outside if you feel the need for shopping. There are a few nice restaurants in walthamstow. Other than that the area does'nt offer much else. However we really enjoyed our 3 night stay in the hotel!!	
Sep 25 2006 	A pleasant change - a nice London hotel!	We stay in London a lot on visits to family and friends, but rarely at Holiday Inn. However, there was a special offer on which meant we paid £39 per room per night including breakfast for two of us and a toddler which seemed a pretty good deal.Our room was fine - it was clean - adequate provisions - and the bed settee was already made up so when we arrived at midnight it was easy to transfer little one straight into bed. Parking was plentiful and free which was nice as lots of London hotels charge for that on top.The bar was open late, and I was even able to get a sandwich at 1.15 am when I was hungry.Breakfast was more than adequate with complimentary newspapers provided.I used to live close by this hotel, so do know the area very well. A great night out can be had at the dog stadium opposite, Walthamstow shops and Market are a short drive away (don't forget your pie 'n mash if you are in East London!) and there is an Ikea within walking distance if you feel so inclined.... The hotel is on a slip road off the North Circ, so you get easy driving access but it is not overly noisy with traffic and we slept with the window open. It is also a few minutes from the bottom of the M11 - so lots of places are in reach.I am usually the first to find fault with lots of the hotels we use for weekends (usually one a month) but I could honestly find nothing to gripe about with this one. Even the staff were pleasant and friendly - a cleaner ran after our little boy to give him a balloon someone had left in their room.An absolute gem, and we will stay there again. I was almost tempted not to write this up in case everyone now books it and we can't get reservations next time we go!	
Jul 6 2006	don't expect central london	This hotel is in a surburb of London - the nearest tube station is walthamstow central which is a 10 mins bus ride. This station is in zone 3 - travel into Oxford circus about 40 mins. It's on a main road and in Sainsbury's car park. the only hoighlight is the walthamstow Dog racing track opposite which is a real East London treat. The market in Walthamstow is over a mile long- the longest in Europe - which is very multi cultural and sells everything at bargain prices !	
Jun 18 2006	Too far out (June 6-8)	The hotel itself was nice enough. We needed a room big enough for our family of four, but affordable as well. This hotel fit the bill, literally. It was nearly impossible to find one room for four in central London at a reasonable price. We booked this online and didn't do enough research. If we had realized that we were not walking distance to the tube, we probably would have opted for a different spot. We spent most of our three days in London riding city buses to and from the Walthamstow Central station and on the tube into London. Like I said, the price was right, but when I go to London again, I think I'll actually cough up the extra money to stay in London.	
Apr 29 2006	Great Stay!	I would recommend this hotel to anyone needing to be near London, but not to pay their prices. You would of thought that this hotel was family run, everyone works so well together and they are so helpful!I agree with the other person on here, I have stayed several times now as it's so friendly.My only wish would be an English breakfast, however the selection on offer is adequate.	
Jun 6 2005	Recommended Hotel	Rather than stay in the centre of London and be ripped off, we decided to stay at the Holiday Inn at Walthamstow in North London. It had great access, located just off the North Circular Road, which was perfect! Their was a Sainsbury supermarket round the corner and we got a tube up the road at Highams Park Station straight into the centre of London in about 15mins! It was cheap, the breakfast was fine, the rooms were standard Holiday Inn in excellent condition and no, I am not employed by them as PR guru - I just have to give credit where its due! So good, I have now stayed there 3 times!	
Nov 23 2009 	Bom hotel longe de londres		
