Nov 25 2009 	2nd visit great location and value 2nd BR isn't fully enclosed	Booked a two-bedroom unit (#218) for sharing with a work colleague for a week in London. 1st BR is as expected but 2nd is not fully enclosed but rather part of the open plan dining and lounge area. Worked fine for us but be aware of it in case that wouldn't work for you. Bed in &quot;2nd&quot; was two twins pushed together... which did not stay together during the night. Had some wireless issues early in the week. This room faces Cromwell Road but street noise was not noticeable to me. Don't get the wrong impression - I think this is a great property, especially for the price. I have visited other similar properties in Kensington and Sloane Square and they are double the price for no better amenities. (Photos uploaded)	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent apartment-hotel but give breakfast a miss	Excellent apartment-hotel in great location - 200 yards from Gloucester Road tube. Very spacious room well fitted - full kitchen, TV, DVD player, CD player. Very comfortable bed and settee - beauitifully clean. Breakfast is worth missing. Poor selection, very limited fresh fruit and malfunctioning coffee machine. You'll get better value in the restaurants at Gloucester Road tube. Only drawback is the noise from traffic on Cromwell Road but it didn't keep us awake.	
Oct 26 2009 	This hotel's strongest points are its location and the "eagerness to please" attitude of its staff.	I stayed in this hotel twice in the month of October, 4 days each time. I wanted a serviced apartment with a full kitchen that I could use, so I never bothered to try their breakfast room. I got a room upgrade the first time, and this basement unit was very spacious. It had a separate kitchen with dining table for 6, a living room, powder room, and bedroom with bath. My room the second time around was adequate. Furnishings are good but I would have wanted a dishwasher in the kitchen. Rooms are not equipped with washer/dryers. There is a laundry room equipped with 3 washers and 3 dryers which guests can use for free. Problem is you have to queue to use this facility, and that can mean a long wait.  Location is great with everything nearby ie. tube, bus, supermarkets, restaurants, taxi stand. The entire hotel staff is wonderful. They go out of their way to please you.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel in and Excellent Location	We stayed at the Fraser Place Queens Gate for 1 week and will stay there again when we are next in London. The hotel staff were excellent , they were always happy to answer our questions and were extremely helpful in assisting use in getting our hotel to airport transfer company to get use to Heathrow in time for our flight home. Our room was excellent - large by London hotel standards with a mini kitchen which was really nice. Our room was quite (away from the street side) and each day the room was serviced while we were out and about. The only weak point of the hotel is their breakfast menu- food choices are limited, boring and the same each day. Save some money and eat elsewhere. The hotel's location , in Kensington, is great for sight seeing. Many prime areas of intrest to us was within walking distance. For more distant travel there is a tube station about a block away. Overall this is a great hotel at a great price.	
Oct 7 2009 	Home away from home - studio style	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel with the help of a travel agent. With so many choices out there we needed to narrow down our options. Other than a clean hotel in a nice/safe area that offered breakfast, our main criteria included a shower, air conditioning and an elevator. (After hauling luggage through the Tube an elevator is worth it.) After reading this site's reviews, browsing the photos and doing some other research I was convinced Fraser Place offered the best value for my wallet. Kensington is the perfect part of town to escape from the hustle and bustle of the touristy crowd. It is a really nice part of London. As a matter of fact, our cab driver thought he made a mistake because the hotel looks like any other apartment/townhouse on the street. You know you've made a good choice when the street is lined with a Porsche here, a Bentley there and a woman parking her Benz right out front.Compared to other UK/European hotels our room was quite large. And we opted for the studio rather than the 1 bedroom deluxe. The bed was suitable. I believe it was queen sized. I passed out every night from being up all day walking around and taking in the city. Our room on the fifth floor was right across from the elevator and it was surprisingly quiet. No noisy disturbances. It was a nice surprise to find a big balcony with a decent view. There was even a little table and two chairs where you could relax and have some morning coffee/tea.There is a small kitchenette equipped with a sink, mini fridge, utensils, tableware and pots and pans. The mini fridge was great ... especially since there was a WaitRose (a mini grocery store) around the corner. Yay for chilled beer!!The bathroom was big, as far as UK standards are concerned ... meaning two people could be in there at the same time. It had a large window, which I also liked. The shower was not ideal. Poor water pressure unfortunately. It was especially bothersome to get the water to stay warm and not super hot. The L'Occitane bath products were a nice touch though.Our package included breakfast, which was pretty standard, self-serve. Choice of cereals, doughnuts, croissants and jam, toast, yogurt and fresh fruit. The fruit was the best part: apples, oranges, pears and bananas. Coffee, hot chocolate, OJ and water were offered.The nearest Tube is Gloucester Road, which is a short walk from the hotel. There is a post office nearby as well, which is handy if you need to mail post cards. Also, check out the restaurant Byron for a really good burger on Kensington High Street just around the corner. Be aware though, don't plan on shopping for souvenirs in this area. Even though there are a few hotels scattered around this area, it is still very residential, which definitely adds to its appeal.Overall, good experience. Great, friendly service. Clean, comfortable room. I would stay here again on my next UK trip.	
Sep 23 2009 	!!!	We stayed at Fraser Place Queens Gate for six days/nights in late August. First, the good stuff: the neighborhood (the Kensington section of London) is beautiful and charming. The hotel is within walking distance of great shops, restaurants and Kensington Palace (which has beautiful gardens and walking paths). There are also at least two tube stops that are only a block or two away...very convenient! The building itself is attractive. We found the staff to be very friendly and responsive. We had a room with a loft, one bathroom, and a kitchenette. It wasn't the most ideal circumstances for the four of us at bedtime, as my husband had to share the uncomfortable sofa bed with my son and my daughter and I slept in the double bed in the loft. Everything in the room was pretty nice...the furniture, the view was okay (looked out over the main street in front of the hotel). The breakfast in the morning was included with the room charge and it was good. We ate in the breakfast room every morning. The maid service was good - they came every day and brought clean towels, etc. Another bonus: free laundry room in the basement. Unfortunately, only one dryer was working. But for free, who can complain?Okay, now the not-so-good: The main problem we had was the lack of air conditioning. We had been assured that the hotel had air conditioning, and it does, but our room was so hot!!! We asked the front desk twice to help us adjust the thermostat or fix the unit in our room, to no avail. The unit would run, but it only blew room temperature air....nothing I would call &quot;cold&quot;. Since it was August, it was pretty warm during the day and room would get very hot, especially the loft area. We finally gave up trying to get the air conditioner to work and we just opened all the windows at night to cool the room off. The problem with that was that the street noise was so bad, we had to close the windows so we could get some peace and quiet. Sleeping was not easy due to the heat or the noise. We had to pay for the WiFi service for our laptop, which was kind of ridiculous, in my opinion. I feel that free WiFi should be included in the price of the room. This place was not cheap, and I'm not sure it was worth the money, but overall it was pretty good. I just wish the air had worked better!	
Sep 22 2009 	Good room poor breakfast terrible service	We booked with BA for 4 nights at the Fraser Place and got a really good deal. As soon as we arrived were told we'd been upgraded to Fraser Suites, just across the (very busy) street. The apartment was spacious with a fully equiped kitchen and reasonably confortable. Because there's no facilities at the Fraser Suites we had to go each morning across the street to have our breakfast, but to be honest, there was no point in doing so. It was by far the weakest breakfast we've ever had. Our first breakfast was on the Friday and by Monday, of the poor selection available in the first place, there was nothing left. I've never seen guests taking their own buns for breakfast, or their own, normal, milk but I have here. Another thing was the air conditioner. Between not working (we were offered heaters to solve the problem) and making loud noises at 6.00 am, it was not reliable. The service was appaling. We arranged for a late check-out only to discover we had been checked-out while away on a last sightseeing. Our luggage was still in the apartment but our key cards didn't work anymore. When explained the situation we were allowed in our apartment only to see there was an electrician in checking the plugs. Complete lack of communication between the different shifts left us just wanting to leave.	
Sep 8 2009	Loved the room but shame about the traffic noise and breakfast	Great and well equipped double room - unfortunately we booked a twin and there was no possibility of a change. Spacious room and a good bathroom marred by traffic noise. Breakfast basic and breakfast room very busy with people waiting to find seats both mornings.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location - Recommended	This property does everything I need it to do for a week in London on business. Easy and quick access from LHR (via Piccadilly Line to Gloucester Road station). Easy access to amenities such as grocery, pharmacy and restaurants. Galley kitchen so I don't have to eat EVERY meal out. Friendly and helpful staff. Laundry facilities in basement can be tricky to get into because of demand but are free (and laundry powder is available at the front desk for GBP1 per load). Would also work for a leisure trip as it is on a main tube and bus line and in walking distance to Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, Science Museum, Natural History Museum, and Harrods.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great location great hotel!!!	We stayed for 4 nights in the beggining of july, 2009. The underground (subway station) is one block from the hotel, the location is great and very pleasant.The hotel is very clean and the breakfast is really good.The service was great and the employees were very kind and polite. Tks to Vijy and the Fraser's team for our amazing stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Lucky to have a VIP room!	We have stayed 7 days in Fraser Place. We have booked a one double-bedroom suite. Very Lucky, they gave us a VIP room at the end of the corridor of ground floor. The Suite is very large, I think much larger than normal one double-bedroom suite. The large space made us in a very good mood during our stay. The hotel is situated near South Kensington, very close to Gloucest tube. Around are quiet and good neighbourhoods. Rooms are good decorated. The Kitchen is enough to make a good meal. But internet is not free and the calculation of time sometimes are not correct. eg. We have bought 2hrs at first, but it quickly expired only after about 40 mins. But staff are very helpful. They give us another 1hrs free.Lastly, the rate is really a good bargain considering we got a VIP room.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent location; not up to expectations as presented on website	Good things about Fraser Place Queensgate:  The location of this property is ideal - near Hyde Park w/ easy access to Gloucester Tube stop, some top museums, shopping, restaurants, grocery, etc. Really couldn't have asked for better London location. The staff was very nice &amp; helpful. Laundry facilites were free for guests! They did provide daily room service (tidy up, change bed linens, replenish towels, etc.) which was nice. Not so good things:  Our biggest disappointment w/ this property is that it did not meet expectations based on description on their website [http://london-queensgate.frasershospitality.com]. The apartments are described as &quot;luxury&quot;, &quot;deluxe&quot;, &quot;among the finest luxury apartments London has to offer&quot;, etc. In our opinion, that was not the case. We had one of the 2-bedroom &quot;deluxe&quot; apartments. While the bedrooms were spacious, the furnishings were not &quot;luxury&quot;. The beds were not very comfortable &amp; the linens were more &quot;Motel 6&quot; quality. Neither bedroom had an alarm clock (as indicated on website). The apartment we had was oddly arranged on 2 floors (w/ steep steps) - the bedrooms were on the 2nd floor &amp; the bathroom was on the 1st floor - very inconvenient. We asked for an apartment w/ bedrooms &amp; bathroom on same floor but all the 2-bedrooms were taken (although the Manager did offer to move us when one became available.) The living room / kitchen area was fairly small but would have been adequate except for the &quot;kitchenette&quot;. Again, the furnishings were not &quot;luxury&quot; - the love seat was a hide-a-bed and not very comfortable. The &quot;kitchenette&quot; did not have a &quot;cooking top&quot; as advertised; our apartment had a 2-burner electric hotplate which took up all the counter space when in use. The kitchen &amp; shower faucets didn't work well. The kitchen faucet dripped; the shower had a very challenging temperature control - temp too hot &amp; almost impossible to adjust to cooler temp. Both kitchen &amp; shower had very low water pressure. Our toaster didn't work - was replaced/repaired promptly upon request. One really odd thing - we had to ask for toilet paper several times. Most places you stay keep extra rolls of toilet paper on hand. Fraser Place gave us 1 roll at a time - we actually ran out once &amp; had to use the &quot;public&quot; facilities on the basement level while we waited for housekeeping to bring us some more (which they did promptly upon request - 1 roll.)In summary... this is an expensive property that is described as &quot;luxury&quot;. While it ultimately met our needs, it is definitely not a &quot;luxury&quot; property. We'd categorize it more &quot;basic&quot;. Their website (and corresponding pricing) really makes it sound (and look) top notch which is misleading. We had looked at less expensive properties but decided to &quot;splurge&quot; on Fraser Place because we wanted a luxury experience to enjoy during our stay in London. I will say that when we expressed our dissatisfaction to the Manager, he did give us complimentary high-speed Internet and offer to move us to another apartment when one came available.	
Jul 5 2009 	Absolutely approved	I booked two nights at this hotel some six weeks in advance and got a pretty good deal through gtahotels.com, at least compared to the hotel’s standard price list. The day before arrival, I called the hotel to confirm the reservation and asked for a quiet room, for instance facing the backyard. This request was met very professionally by the friendly hotel receptionist, making a good first impression. On arrival, after the taxi driver had mixed up the addresses and dropped me at Queens Gate a few blocks away instead of Queens Gate Gardens, I was met by another friendly member of staff. I arrived 10 am in the morning and was told that check-in time was 4 pm but the room would probably be ready earlier, which it actually was when I returned 2:30 pm. Be aware, however, that hotel charges a £100 deposit, presenting it as just “validating your credit card”, but the deposit remains reserved on your credit card for several days. In my opinion, a deposit of that magnitude is completely unnecessary in a hotel without either minibar, pay-tv or room service.The first impression of the room was however very good. As I specifically asked for, I was assigned a quiet room facing the backyard. I had ordered a simple studio, but really the room seemed more like a junior suite with three rooms; a living room with a small kitchen, a bedroom and a large bathroom. The interior and cleaning was much better than I would expect from a standard London hotel room. To me, a fridge and a microwave in the hotel room represents a huge advantage as it makes it possible to prepare some simple meals on your own as well as storing some cool bottles. Although the plumbing in the oversized bathroom seemed a little dubious, I experienced no problems getting a nice and warm shower in the morning. The queen sized and perfectly soft bed provided grounds for a good night’s sleep, but constantly dripping taps in both bathroom and kitchen was somewhat disturbing, forcing me to use earplugs.I didn’t test out the breakfast that was included as I prefer a full English breakfast rather than a continental one, which was the only option this hotel offered. However, I would strongly recommend the less than £5 English breakfast at the local pub the Stanhope Arms, which was perfectly cooked and really good value. All in all, I spent two better-than-expected nights at this apartment hotel in London. Great location close to Gloucester Road tube station, clean appearance, huge bed and fairly good service makes this hotel one of the better accommodation options in central London. I would definitely recommend it to others, but the next time I visit London on my own, I would probably find a hotel with smaller rooms that serves English breakfast ;)	
Jun 23 2009 	Not entirely happy but still a number of positives	Our experience here didn't quite match that of some other reviewers! We arrived around 2.30, to be told that our room wasn't ready, and since we were so early (2.30pm is early???) perhaps we would like to go for a walk until it was! Having spent 6 weeks travelling in Europe, and having experienced wonderful hospitality everywhere else, we were a bit taken aback by this. I have to say that the rest of our 6 night stay was similar. Even attempting to book an extra night met with a firm &quot;No!&quot; Thank goodness we encountered another staff member who was a lot more helpful. Our room faced onto Cromwell Road, so we found the shutters woefully inadequate in darkening the room at night. We attempted to block out the light with extra sheets, which wasn't very successful. Next time we would ask for a room in a different part of the hotel. Overall, we were still happy with the accommodation, as it was very central, quite comfortable, and the kitchen area was wonderful. In fact, if we stayed here again we wouldn't pay for breakfast, as neither of us really enjoyed it, but would prepare our own in the room. There are plenty of restaurants close by, as well a couple of very good supermarkets, and being so close to the Underground, the Museums, Harrods, Kensington Gardens, and more, is a great bonus.	
May 28 2009 	Great Location!!	My wife and I stayed at this Fraser Hotel for 4 nights, after a fantastic experience with the chain in Sydney. This hotel is a 5min walk from Gloucester Tube stop, which is on a direct line from Heathrow. The room was very clean and surprisingly quiet given close it is to Cromwell Road. The room had a small kitchen with plates, glasses, etc - even a corkscrew. A couple of small issues - the shower pressure and temperature varied wildly and took some getting used to and the internet connection is quite slow, but there are at least 2 internet cafes within 5 min walk. Overall for the location and cost, an excellent value. We would stay there again.	
May 7 2009 	excellent base for work visits to London	Stayed in studio apartment - great space (clean, bright, all round quality finish). Great location for work visits to London (a few stops from Westminster and centre). A great accommodation option for some workspace &amp; to avoid the claustrophobia of a hotel room on longer term visits. Quiet location and yet just around the corner from restaurants, Gloucester Rd tube (heathrow line) etc. Very professional front of house staff.	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic location and spacious room	I had booked a studio room (via expedia) but was upgraded on arrival to a one bedroom suite. It had a spacious living area with a small galleried bedroom above the small kitchenette. Room was on the ground floor but I didn’t notice any traffic noise. The bathroom was a little dated but very clean so no problem. As mentioned by others, the location is fantastic, being very close to Gloucester Road tube station (Piccadilly, Circle and District lines), shops, bars and restaurants in an upmarket part of town.The staff were very helpful and friendly, printing off directions to Pasha restaurant nearby because I couldn’t recall how far away it was (restaurant is highly recommended). I would definitely stay here again.	
May 4 2009 	Great hotel few Americans Great location	Just returned from London. Stayed at Fraser Place, Queens Gate Gardens for 8 nights.Very spacious room with kitchenette. Very helpful and responsive staff. If you face the street know that it is a busy 4 lane city road early till late. Ask for inner room to solve this. Excellent breakfast room and staff. Most guests are from UK, Europe and Asia.Lobby can be busy in AM so try to conduct your business with them later.Checked our bags the morning we were leaving and they were held in a locked room.Also know that the Underground stop is 1 1/2 block (Glouster) and on direct line from Heathrow. Get Oyster card and use this line. The High speed to Paddington is $36 each way and you still need a cab. From this side of London it's quicker and much cheaper to take the Underground from/to Heathrow.Bus stops by hotel and too many good resturants in walking distance to try in 8 days. French, Indian, Thai, Spanish, Italian , Pubs, and Euro.If you have stayed in UK/Western Europe before you'll be pleased with this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent hotel with kitchen facilities	Good welcome from friendly efficient staff. The room was better than I expected,quite large.Nice bathroom with shower. First place I've stayed that has a mini kitchen tucked away behind a screen. Very handy for families or singles. The place was modern and clean. The breakfast was Continental and more than adequate for us but it depends on what you're after.No problems encountered and I'd definitley stay again. Great location too being close to major museums and an easy walk to the tube.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great stay at Fraser Place Queens Gate.	We also booked this apt/hotel through British Airways since we were offered two free nights. Our seven night stay was great. As stated by other reviewers, the location is fantastic. I had concerns because I was traveling with a cast on my arm. It is so direct to travel to/from Heathrow Airport using the Underground to Gloucester Road station; I had no problems.The staff was excellent from the moment we arrived. We arrived at 9:00 am, too early to check in. They took our luggage and insisted we have a coffee and a bite to eat before we headed out for the day. Because we had the kitchen in our apartment, we did not have their breakfast; we opted for internet access instead. This was all prearranged with a quick phone call to the hotel booking agency. Our room was kept spotless.There are two grocery stores within minutes of the hotel. Although the kitchenette is small, you can prepare a simple meal with a bit of patience. We went to the Waitrose grocery store next to the Underground station for our supplies. We bought a cooked chicken, fresh beans, and potatoes, which we microwaved. Because Waitrose is such a fantastic grocery store, we could have cooked more than we did. Another time we would plan to eat in more. The only thing that we would have liked was a table to eat at. We turned the desk away from the wall and used it as our table.The staff was really good at recommending restaurants and taking care of any other concerns. We had difficulty understanding the shower taps. They had someone go up with us and show us what to do. We would definitely stay at Fraser Place again. Staying in an apt suits our way of traveling. We were so pleased with the staff we bought a big box of chocolates as a thank you. This was a first for us.	
Mar 24 2009 	nice place in kensington	I stayed w/ Fraser Place as part of a deal with British Airways and loved it. It was right next to the tube station and was in a fancy part of town. The Albert and Victoria musuem and the musuem of natural history was also right around the area. I had no problems checking in or finding the hotel. Since I arrived at 9am and my room wasn't yet ready I recieved a free upgrade. Would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Feb 13 2009 	Perfect!	If you want the same level of service offered at the Ritz, then this isn't the place for you and it shouldn't be rated as such. If you want a clean hotel, with good sized rooms and a great location, then this place is perfect! We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Although, we're not high maintenance and didn't require much assistance anyway. The continental breakfast was just what we needed. The only complaint was the very loud radiator in the room, but I always travel with earplugs anyway so problem solved! It's location is perfect since it is just a few minutes walk from the Gloucester tube stop. It's close to pubs, restaurants and a Tesco Express. We never came across a reason NOT to stay here. I only wish I had pictures to be able to show the newly remodeled room and bathroom. It can be very difficult to pick a hotel when planning a trip to London so no need to look any further: book it!	
Feb 12 2009 	Good Stay	Great location. Nice accommodation for the prize paid. Nothing over fancy but customer service worked well. Great breakfast even if it was only continental and costed additional £9 per person. I have had to pay £25 for much worse breakfast before in London.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great location acceptable accomodation.	Got 2 nights here free with a British Airways deal and then stayed a 3rd night. Room was clean, bed comfortable. We did not use the kitchenette so can't comment on that. We did, however, try to use the laundry facilities (until the dryer started sparking) and ended up hanging wet laundry all around the room! The location was perfect for us. It is only a couple blocks from the Gloucester tube station. Breakfast was included and was decent for a continental breakfast. I would stay here again since the location was great and the room was clean.-	
Aug 13 2008 	Give this Hotel a miss and stay somewhere else	My stay at this hotel [in truth they are serviced apartments] defies description it was so bad.It started at checkin. I was in a taxi approaching the hotel but found it difficult to find the entrance. I called the hotel on my mobile phone on approach only to be told that they were &quot;in the middle of an emergency&quot;, they couldn't help me with my luggage and not to park the cab at the entrance of the hotel as an ambulance was expected. Apparently one of the hotel porters was having &quot;chest pains&quot;. My cab driver joked that the porter must have heard that I was approaching with all my heavy luggage!I insisted that they send someone out to help me with my luggage and they did. Regardless of whatever &quot;emergency&quot; was occurring, it is still supposed to be a fully operational apartment hotel, they are charging top dollar to stay there, and the checking in of guests must proceed as normal. This checkin experience set the tone for my stay as it was one disaster after another. It's hard to believe that Frasers is in the business of serviced apartments on a global scale given what a sloppy show they are running. I had booked a quiet non smoking room at the back of the hotel. Despite this they put me at the front of the hotel and Cromwell Road is a very busy street. Also it was clear that the previous occupant of the room had been a heavy smoker as the room smelled of smoke. I asked for another room and they sent the manager up. He was rude and got me offside. He said that he was fully booked and there was nothing he could do. He implied that if I left the hotel they would still charge me 2 days penalty. I said this was totally unacceptable as I had not been given the room I asked for. I found this manager had no comprehension of customer service whatsoever.The deluxe studio was large in size and modern enough with wooden flooring in the kitchen area, a modern glass dining table, a small modern desk and a modern bed. The look was ruined by an extremely cheap looking carpet in the bedroom area. Note that the bathroom door would not shut fully as the builder had put a raised wooden lining between the carpet in the bedroom and the bathroom tiles which means the bathroom door could not shut. Again this reflects Frasers low standards that they allow this situation to continue. Also note that I later found the spoons provided in the studio's kitchen to be dirty. Also despite this hotel claiming to be 'luxury serviced apartments' my deluxe studio apartment did not have a washing machine or a dishwasher or an oven. Just a microwave and a cooktop. So guests thinking that they can do their own laundry in their room had better think again. There is however a share laundry in the basement of the property. As it was getting late I decided to stay put for the night after the manager said they would open up the hotel window to air the room. However later on when they tried to shut the window it broke completely to the extent that parts of the window fell off and the window would not shut again. In order to bridge the gap staff shoved sheets at the bottom so that the open air would not be exposed.The next morning despite my putting a 'do not disturb' sign on the door I was woken up by a housemaid knocking loudly on the door and yelling out housekeeping. That was the end of my sleep.I then tried to call up reception to see if they were moving me to another room but the phone was dead. I then tried to use the hotel wireless internet [you pay extra for it] and it didn't work. I went out to the hall and found out that the entire hotel's phone lines and internet were down and they did not know when it would be back up again. This meant that no guest in the hotel could even call reception and anyone needing to use the internet for work or emails didn't have it. I went down to reception. While I was waiting to be served another irate guest came down to complain that the internet and phone in his room were not working. He was astounded when he found out all the phones and internet in the hotel were down until further notice. At this point I decided to get out of this property immediately as I had had enough. The hotel ended up giving me the night complimentary as by this stage, even they could see that the level of service I had received was an absolute joke. Using my own mobile phone I checked out availability in the Radisson Vanderbilt next door and left the premises. I laugh when I see the description of Frasers Queens Gate on the hotel website as being &quot;some of the finest luxury accommodation London has to offer&quot;. In my opinion the hotel is, in truth, a 2 star property with appalling service. I would never stay at any Frasers property anywhere in the world again.	
Aug 9 2008 	It's ok but then again we are talking London	I stayed here for just a night whilst doing a theatre trip in London with a friend. When we arrived we found we had a double and not a twin room as booked, this took a while to sort with the reception staff and were finally allocated another room. The facilities are ok and the kitchenette is useful and our room was fairly comfortable. The only problem was the shower didn't work so it was baths only!The staff aren't the most helpful and I'm not sure that I would want to stay here for too long, but it's fine for a night or two (but not as a special treat). The best thing is the location, just a couple of minutes from Gloucester Road tube station. Also I would never pay full price, I got a cheap deal on expedia - otherwise it's never good value for money.	
Jul 30 2008 	not worth a 1 star rating	My family stayed at this &quot;luxury apartment hotel&quot; property for 7 nights. The location was great, but EVERYTHING else was not.The front desk was not helpful or knowledgable at all, and frequently gave attitude when questions were asked.Daily housekeeping consisted of exchanging wet towels for clean ones, with trash being taken out on a random basis. Absolutely nothing else.The kitchens were extremely limited and not the &quot;full kitchen&quot; advertised.The laundry facilities consisted of 3 washers and 2 broken dryers which were also used by housekeeping. After many guests complained over the course of the week, and no repairs being made, I asked to speak to the manager. There never seemed to be a manager on the property. The front desk called him at home and was told someone would be there to repair the dryers at some point the next day. I finally went to a launderette- a 10 minute walk away.The breakfast room was monitored by someone who did not speak english and did not replenish the buffet unless specifically asked. Also, she did not clear off the tables when guests were done so that new guests could sit down for their breakfasts.This property seemed to have no management at all, and little customer service.California,USA	
Jul 22 2008 	Way below what you're led to expect	First of all, I wish I had read the previous review before we left on our trip. In fact, we were there at the same time, so we were both probably some of the people at the front desk complaining.Our problems started at check-in as well. We had booked a 2-bedroom &quot;luxury&quot; apartment, and what we were shown to was to two story closet. With a spiral staircase (like a loft staircase) that we could barely fit through and a drity carpet throughout. I explained to the staff that I couldn't walk up and down the stairs for 1-week and asked if we could be changed to the room we had booked, we were told that the next day that could be arranged. I don't like to complain, so we agreed. The next day, I was told by the people at the front that no single-story room was available for us for at least 3 more days, contrary to what I had been told the night before. I questioned this and was told that the 2-story room was very much in demand and someone else may be checking into the one-floor apartment I had requested later that day. I told them to let us have the one-floor and give someone else the &quot;in demand&quot; 2-story and was told no. So I complained (to put it mildly) and was finally given the one-floor, two-bedroom. Also, when I mentioned that I had checked the floor plans on the website and they were not what we were given, I was told that only the &quot;best&quot; floorplans are on the website to make the hotel look better. Yes, they said this. We were moved, into a spacious apartment but the stay only went downhill from there.They mention laundry facilities. What they fail to mention is that the dryers don't work properly and that, unless you feel like having damp clothing drying around the apartment for a couple of days (or using the laundrymat next to Sainsbury's down the street), you shouldn't use their equipment. It was fun the way all the people fought for use of the one working &quot;dryer&quot; and an electrician from Australia tried to fix it so he could finish his laundry.They do have a passable breakfast buffet, but you may have to clean your table before you sit down because the girl on duty is busy doing the administrative work in the prep area. Oh, it's also kind of fun to navigate around the food delivery boxes as you enter the resident's lounge.Don't ask for any help from the front desk (with the exception of Thomas). Either they have absolutely NO information of anything outside of a 1 block radius, or they roll theirs eyes at you and mutter under their breath when you walk into the front lobby. Either I've seen too many movies showing the English people as warm and welcoming folks, or Fraser Place just employs the snootiest people they can find. Just as an aside, we went to Paris after London, and were thrilled with the warm welcome we received by the French hotel employees.Oh, and don't expect your trash to be emptied every day, because it's not.The only good thing I can say is that the location is great.Not much else to add (actually there is, but it's just more of the same), so please be aware that the only reason you will want to stay here is the location.	
May 30 2008 	Its decent.	We (3 adults and 1 baby) stayed at the Fraser House for 4 nights in May 2008. By London standards the 1 bedroom deluxe apartment is large and pretty fairly priced for the size and location. We had an apartment on the fifth floor. Unfortunately all the windows were blocked by the edge of the roof, so we had absolutely no view. May have had a better view from a basement room! The lift is small and rattled, making me feel very clausterphobic and anxious that is was going to get stuck or drop. A few times I took the steps...113 to the 5th floor!! The apartment was nice. Modern, clean and relatively spacious. But there were some problems. The bedroom had a vent that rattled all day and all night. Because of the noise I had to sleep on the sofabed in the living room. Despite daily complaints to the front desk staff the noise was not remedied during our stay. The bathroom sink was clogged for the first 2 days and our phone also did not work for 2 days. There is no housekeeping or maintenance during the weekend, so if something needs to be cleaned or fixed you are out of luck. The kitchenette was great to have especially travelling with a baby. London prices are super expensive so stock up at the supermarkets. There is one virtually across the street and another one a few blocks away. The location of the hotel is excellent. Close to transportation, museums, pubs and restaurants.	
Apr 29 2008	Would definitely recommend	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in April and would definitely recommend.Great location (less than 2 minutes from Gloucter Road tube) and the biggest room I've ever been to in London. Staff were very helpful and friendly.Lifts were slow and sometimes out of service so if you mind that, ask for a lower floor.	
Feb 25 2008 	Acceptable Hotel	We only stayed here one night (with our young daughter) The best thing by far is the location. Its just a few minutes from the museums and tube station. The room was surprisingly large. It was certainly an 'apartment' with seperate bedroom; and our 8 year old was blown away by her bed being on a balcony above the lounge area! The main problem was the constant traffic noise. Our room (111) faced the main road, and the secondary double glazing was rubbish - we probably had around 3 hours sleep in total! Breakfast was average - a choice of 3 cereals, tea/coffee, toast &amp; jam, a fruit bowl and muffins / dougnuts (presumable for the americans?!) There appeared to be no option to 'upgrade' breakfast to a full english, and don't expect an evening meal here, as they don't do it! To be fare, you are svery close to a great choice of places to eat, so this is not really a problem. The staff were also average - pleasant enough, but a little more communication would have been nice. When confirming the reservation the day before, I asked if we could leave our luggage prior to the check-in time of 4pm. I was told it would be left somewhere 'secure'. When we returned from the museum to check in at 5pm, our bags had just been left next to the reception desk! - Not particually 'secure'. On check out, it would have been nice to have been asked if everything had been ok, but as we had nothing to pay, we were just told that the bill was 'clear'.Overall an OK experiance - would I stay again though? - Probably not.	
Feb 16 2008	Great place for a family to stay	We have just returned from a two night stay in Fraser Place. As a family of four including two teenagers we found the apartments to be very comfortable and clean. The location is superb. The tube station is literally around the corner and being on the Picadilly line you have a direct link to Heathrow Airport and to all city centre attractions.On a slight downside the heating system, air conditioning and dvd player did not work properly but we were too busy with all London has to offer to get it sorted out!!!Would definitely return here in the future.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great All-Around	Great location just blocks from Gloucester Road Tube Station in Kensington. Great price for a large room that fit 4 adults comfortably. Friendly and accomodating staff, clean room, kitchenette, comfortable bed, nice view, and quiet location. Sleep sofa not so comfortable.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Booked this hotel throught British Airways and was not disappointed. It was our first trip to London and we absolutely loved the hotel. We went for the Christmas holiday, had mom, dad an18 yr old and 20 yr old and we had plenty of room. The staff was outstanding. Took care of our every need and were very pleasant.The location was great. Close to tube, pubs, restaurants and a grocery store. A&amp;V museum and Natural HIstory museum both very close and must do's, plus Hyde Park. Left very early two mornings, once for Paris and once for Belgium. Took the tube right to Pancreas with time to spare. We would definately stay again.	
Jan 24 2008 	Good-- as long as you're never in the room	I am currently staying in Fraser Place for an extended corporate stay and I would highly discourage anyone from staying here for more than one week, or for using the room as anything more than a sleeping/showering location. Like previous reviewers noted, the kitchen is lacking any kind of actual cooking apparatus, so, other than sandwiches and cereal, we eat out for most of our meals. The service here is spotty; sometimes the front desk is helpful, but they frequently do not answer the phone or provide accurate help. Like a previous reviewer, I too have had plumbing problems, as well as the heating/air conditioning unit making extreme noises. Finally, the apartment is barely cleaned. When we arrived, there was a half-used shampoo bottle laid out for our use and the toilet looked like it could use a thorough cleaning. I have reached out to the management several times about the deficiencies of the room and have received some help at times, and no help at other times. If you are here with a family to tour London, and you plan on not being in the apartment much, I am sure this is a fine place for you to stay. But if you are looking for an extended stay apartment-type situation, keep on looking...	
Nov 25 2007 	Not Bad for London	We took a chance on the Fraser Place Queen's Gate as we wanted a larger room (traveling with our two sons) and a price that was good for London. Overall, the hotel delivered for us.The room had recenly been renovated and everything was in good shape and clean. We had a bedroom, large bathroom and a combined living/kitchen area with a hide-a-bed. The bed in the bedroom was nice and large, but our boys were a little close in the other bed. Our room was quiet as we were away from Cromwell (and we were not in the basement). Heat worked okay and it did appear to have air conditioning (not an issue for us). We noticed some odd smells in the hall, but had no problem in our room.Service was &quot;okay&quot;. When checking in, it felt as if we were disturbing the clerk. She was also less than friendly when we had to call several times to request bedding for the fold-out bed. On the plus side, the cleaning was great and they were able to arrange a car to the airport (once someone finally picked up the phone). Price was lower than we could find elsewhere (booked via hotel website).Location was good as we were less than two blocks from the Natural History Museum and the Gloucester Tube stop. There were three grocery stores nearby, so we were able to make use of our kitchen and save money at breakfast. The South Kensington area seemed more touristy than other areas of the city we've stayed in, but it is convenient especially with the tube.	
Oct 12 2007 	Could be better	Stayed in early-mid September 2007Given a basement one bedroom 'apartment'.The first surprise was that there were actually rooms in the basement of a hotel..yes, basement. I thought hotels only kept things like the laundry and other noisy/ unsightly things there..and yes there was a laundry nearby. ( which to their credit was free).Besides the ignominy of being placed in the bowels of the hotel, there was still major construction/renovation of the hotel happening up to virtually right in front of our door ( dust /strewn plywood etc) and it certainly looked as if there was still many months left of it to go, thru ought the hotel. The breakfast was provided in a dining area, but just the bare minimum continental fare of coffee ( nice coffee maker) , supermarket/ gas station quality croissants / jam filled donuts / toast with some cereals/ OJ/ yogurt/basic fruit. No cold meats/cheeses or hot food stuffs were available. I stopped going there after the second day.The apartment itself seemed to have been recently renovated, but not very well maintained ( stains here and there, food crumbs on opening the sofa bed) The smell of new paint was fairly pungent and overpowering in an unpleasant way.The basic toiletries were pleasant enough on initial inspection (basic but L’Occitane stuff) However on closer inspection the use-by date was well and truly past it for ALL of them ( we are talking 2006) and to add to the insult it was never replenished during our 5 day stay there! ( Couldn’t be bothered to call room service—Just went to Tesco’s)Have I talked too much about the negatives of that place? ( By the way, bed linen never changed during our stay there, hotplate/ kitchen —not great for cooking..)Here are the positives.Not too far from the Gloucester Rd station ( ?150-200m walk) (a small Tescos / KFC/ McDonalds in front of station)… Pleasant walk to Kensington Gardens / Hyde Park( Warning-I like walking). Virtually next to V&amp;A museum and Natural History Museum.etc.Most people will probably be able to find a better place for the price somewhere else. But we are talking about London here. May be a better place once all the construction is finished, if they don’t use the basement as part of the hotel, improve the maid/room cleaning services and invest a bit more on the breakfast.Cheers to all.	
Oct 7 2007 	Convenient Location Good Staff	Fraser Place Queens Gate is in a great location for access to sightseeing -- one block from the Gloucester Road Tube station which services the Picadilly, District and Circle lines that access many points of interest directly. Get a day pass and ride the Tube (and buses) all day -- very, very easy even on your first day there. The aparthotel itself is relatively quiet; not a luxury accomodation by any stretch, but the apartments are decent, if a bit plain (they'd do well to get some decorations on the wall just to brighten things up a bit). I believe that Fraser Hospitality recently took over this property, so they are still in the process of renovation (a few back hallways had rolled up carpeting, etc. nothing obtrusive, though). We had a decent-sized one-bedroom apartment (G03) on the second floor up a private set of stairs. Definitely roomy by London standards. While there was no stove (only a single hotplate), there was a microwave, refrigerator and kitchenware which made it easier to save money by not eating out for every meal (London's not really known for their great cuisine anyway!) The bathroom was adequate to smallish in terms of size; however we had plumbing problems at the beginning and end of our trip. The beginning of the trip we had no hot water in the shower, but the hotel promptly sent up their maintenance guy to fix things. The morning we were leaving, we woke up to no water at all (including the toilet). The hotel allowed us to use another empty apartment's bathroom (G06 on the first floor - a large studio which had a HUGE bathroom and nice looking apartment) to shower, so, while inconvenient, the hotel promptly responded to our needs. Negatives:* Plumbing issues for our apartment, but all was remedied as quickly as they could.* Plain, mildly gloomy apartment (we looked out on a brick wall from both rooms).* No clock in the room (ask for one and they'll provide one for you, though).Positives:* Location, definitely. Easy to get around the city and feels safe. Plenty of places to eat and change money.* Staff is friendly, always accessible and very responsive.* More room than the average hotel in London, but similar pricing to mid-range hotels. Check their website for special prices.All in all, I think we'd stay there again despite the few issues we had. The staff is very nice and the location can't be beat for the price.	
Aug 4 2007 	Overall a great place to stay	Our family of four (including two teenage boys) stayed in a one bedroom super deluxe apartment at the end of July. We initially searched a ton of London hotels looking for a quadruple room, to no avail, so finally chose to go the apartment route and we are very glad we did! The apartment was clean and modern with a small kitchenette, sofa bed and table &amp; chairs in the living area. The pictures on the hotel website are accurate. The building is currently being refurbished on the outside; however our room was fully remodeled and surprisingly even had air conditioning. The air conditioning unit worked well initially but after awhile made odd sounds so we turned it off (it really wasn’t necessary anyway due to the mild temperatures, we primarily used it so we didn’t have to keep the windows open at night and hear the street traffic). The only negative experienced was that while a hairdryer was provided, it could not be used in the bathroom (which contained a shaver-only plug). Normally I wouldn't mind this, but considering there were no mirrors within range of a plug for the hairdryer it ended up being quite inconvenient! The housekeeping staff was kind enough to make the sofa bed more comfortable by providing an extra duvet to be used on top of the mattress. Breakfast was just fine, mostly pastries, donuts and fruit (try to get breakfast included in your room rate if possible). The location of the apartments is outstanding, a 5 minute walk from the Gloucester Road Tube station in a beautiful residential area of South Kensington. We either walked or took the tube everywhere! The front desk clerks were very friendly and helpful. Internet access is available for a small fee (unless you plan on being on the internet a lot, purchase only a small amount of hours as it is for cumulative usage over the period of time it is used rather than expiring in a set period of hours). Overall, I would recommend Fraser Place Queens Gate to families who need extra space and want to be near a tube stop in a very safe, pleasant area of London.	
Aug 3 2007 	3 star hotel equivalent	We stayed a week in a 2 bedroom(only 1 bathroom) for the price equivalent of a 5 star 1 bedroom hotel room. The property is 6 months into a renovation so the apartment decor was new &amp; clean although the corridors were still old &amp; not renovated yet. Security was not great with the reception permantly jarring open the security doors to allow unrestricted access to the property, the reception had no interest monitoring the coming &amp; goings, the apartments under renovation left the windows &amp; doors open overnight &amp; the building was 75% covered in scaffolding. The apartment was very nicely decorated , had great air con. &amp; heating but the kichenette wasn't well equipped with 2 small hobs &amp; a couple of small pans, Also there is no washing machine in the apartment itself.The reception was not very helpful &amp; you will have trouble getting help with luggage.We would stay again given the location near the tube &amp; museums but compared to a hotel for the same price the service/security is inferior &amp; not well equipped c.f other apartments..	
Jul 21 2007 	Great location but not fully reburbished	A family of 4 (including a toddler and a teen) stayed in a 1 BR apartment here, with small kitchen facilities, modern furniture, comfortable bed. The location is great, close to museums, parks, shops and the tube. This property was recently sold and is still being refurbished (there was scaffolding and green mesh covering most of the hotel's exterior), though their website does not mention that and nor did the staff member I communicated with when booking. Our apartment was light, spatious, but suffered from various problemsthat were all relatively small but added up: the phone didn't work, akitchen cabinet door was coming unhinged and almost fell off, no towel rack, no bedding for sofa bed, etc. Staff were not entirely professional nor did they seem very interested in us or our staying here. This is more of an apartment building than a hotel, but for the price (169 pounds/night in summer peak season), location, lots of space for a family, and the ability to stay only 4 nights, it suited us well.	
Oct 14 2009 	ottima posizione e cortesia		
Sep 15 2009 	Normal. No muy bien localizado. Mal desayuno.		
Jun 25 2009 	Buena ubicación y calidad/precio		
Apr 26 2009 	Dommage !		
Apr 10 2009 	Più comodo di un hotel		
Feb 4 2009 	Agente di viaggio soddisfatta!		
May 13 2008 	Agréable lieu de séjour		
