	Seemed more like a business hotel...lots of loud business men	Stayed for 5 nights and well the room was nice, only problem with the room was the lighting was VERY poor for applying makeup! Overall, the hotel was busy with business men especially in the late afternoon. The sofas were packed with very loud men and I was forced to take a &quot;hallway&quot; seat that lead to the elevators and restaurant for my afternoon tea which was not a very relaxing event! Have stayed in much nicer hotels in London before (Hotel 41). Ward and I believe Ronnie were VERY helpful...much appreciated for them!Had booked the hotel with Luxury Links and it took the hotel 5 days to confirm my reservation. I needed to make flight reservations quickly as the price was rising everyday. Contacted the hotel 3 times and they said they were working on it...and would confirm at some point. Contacted Luxury Links and was told to go ahead with flight reservations and hopefully everything would be okay for my dates. Would I stay again, No. I think there are far better hotels in London!	
	GREAT SERVICE AND LOCATION	Myself and partner said for two nights in this hotel in October. Having stayed in most of the surrounding hotels previously we had looked forwarding to staying in the refurbished Doyle Kensington. On arrival the staff at reception were friendly and efficient, our room on the 2nd floor was small but well appointed with a luxurious bathroom. The breakfast we had delivered to our room on both mornings arrived on time and of a very high standard. We found the staff in the lobby bar to be friendly and attentive and the food available was fresh and delicious. We would like to give a particular mention to our concierge (unfortunately we did not get his name), he was extremely helpful in organising our luggage and taxi on departure and also a mention to Maud for making our visit comfortable and enjoyable. I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London not only for the accomodation on offer but for the excellent location.	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice Stay	I stayed here after Royal Courts/Paddington Apt let me down (see my review). We were here for one night. The location of this is right by Earl's Court Tube - about an 8 min walk. The location is safe &amp; can be pretty quiet at night. The staff was friendly &amp; hospitable. Since we called last minute, we were able to find a pretty cheap rate. The hotel room was decent, a bit small but it was do-able. They also offer complimentary breakfast. It was an okay hotel, no fuss. I would stay here again or around the area.	
Nov 21 2009 	Disappointing	My husband chose The Kensington Hotel based upon reviews by respondents of TripAdvisor. We've done it before and have been extremely happy. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. We had a supreme room which added an area with 2 chairs and a small table. Unfortunately, there was no lighting over 1/2 the area and it was too dark to see anything if one sat in the chairs. One of the chairs was broken anyway and if you didn't sit perfectly still and in the middle, it leaned all the way to the floor. The bedspread/duvet had some kind of a dried-on mess that was unpleasant to look at. We called down to housekeeping in order to get a new blanket and they brought us one that did not appear very clean. At this point I walked down to the front desk and spoke with the manager on duty and before I made it back up to my room, housekeeping had brought us a brand new, freshly laundered bedspread. Great - very apologetic - in fact too apologetic in that they disturbed us several times over the next couple of hours while they checked to make sure everything had been taken care of.The carpeting on the floor needed to be cleaned. There were many spots/stains and I was very happy that the hotel had provided slippers to wear. I was disappointed.	
Nov 16 2009 	great hotelgreat staffreally gives you a homey feeling.	Just returned from 7nights in london at the kensington hotel.I could not find anything to complain about..The staff were fantastic ,friendly helpful and always at your service.The hotel was in great condition and the rooms neat and tidy.I will certainly be staying there my next time into london.My wife didn,t want to leave.Special thanks to the concierge lady ,i,m sorry can,t remember her name and Leah,who works the lounge.great job to all you can be proud of your service and dedication.I know i,m a facility manager in canada.paul and kelly child.	
Nov 16 2009 	FAB London Hotel	I have just returned from a fantastic European trip and London certainly was a highlight.My partner and I stayed at the Kensington Hotel, part of the Doyle Collection. The property is absolutely stunning, after speaking with the reception team we learned how the Hotel has just undergone an extensive renovation project, and you could see the quality in both the product and staff.I am not sure how many bedrooms there were but it felt very homely &amp; comfortable, whilst still very luxurious &amp; elegant. Our bedroom was located on the 5th floor, being on a higher floor and in London we expected a small poky bedroom. To our delight the room was very spacious, tastefully decorated, and with an extremely comfortable four poster bed…a real treat!We ate in the restaurant each morning for breakfast, the selection from the cold buffet was very good, and all hot food is made to order, they even had daily smoothie shots – very cute.As the weather wasn’t always perfect we did try the restaurant one evening for dinner, again the food was delicious and we found the staff to be very professional &amp; knowledgeable. The bar speaks for itself, very chic!Not only was the Hotel a delight, it was superbly located. Walking distance to all Museums and the trendy shops and restaurants of Chelsea.We would highly recommend the property, and we will certainly stay again.	
Nov 12 2009 	EXCELLENT	Stayed at The Kensington for 4 nights recently with my wife. The hotel is in a top location in South Kensington close to 2 tube stations and Kensington Gardens.The standard rooms are very clean and well appointed, great beds and shower. Not very big rooms I must say but overall an excellent hotel to which I would not hesitate coming back.	
Nov 2 2009 	clean boutiquey close to subway.	the colorful and classy fixtures and furnishings were all fairly new during my stay. i liked my room and i had comfortable stay. the staff was very nice and accomodating even though i still had to wait despite a prior requested early check-in. the daily breakfast in the hotel was good and refreshed.the location of the hotel was a few minutes walk from the subway.	
Oct 28 2009 	Lovely Hotel in a great location	We stayed at The Kensington Hotel for 3 nights recently and were very impressed with it. We arrived before normal check in time and the reception and porter staff could not have been more helpful and accommodating offering us coffee etc while we waited for a room to be ready. There was one particular porter - wish we got his name - who was excellent. When we first arrived outside the hotel, he was there immediately, opening the door of our cab and welcoming us to the Hotel. The next day we were going out for a walk and as soon as he saw us in the lobby, he greeted us by name and offered assistance - very impressive. The room was a good size and very quiet and comfortable. There was no iron in the room but when we rang for one - housekeeping delivered it really promptly.Breakfast was good - both foodwise and service. The only area where the service wasn't up to the same levels as the rest of the hotel was with the staff in the bar which was a shame, as it had been almost perfect until then - it's not that it was bad, it just wasn't good either. On the whole though, we thought this was a fantastic place to stay. A beautiful hotel, tastefully furnished, handy to the South Kensington Tube, museums, etc and good value for London.	
Oct 27 2009 	excellent hotel	This hotel totally lived up to its reviews. We stayed for four nights and then came back for two more on another leg of our trip. The first time they upgraded us to a suite and the room was large and the bathroom was spectacular. The second room was quite nice and spacious though the bathroom was small but nice. The service was excellent, the place was spotless and we loved the location. It was really close to tube stations and the restaurants in the neighborhood were wonderful. The price was really reasonable and the price/quality ratio is spectacular. We would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 27 2009 	Lovely hotel in a lovely area - with fantastic staff	Just a brief note to feedback on our recent stay at The Kensington Hotel:My overall summary is that The Kensington is a lovely hotel, in a lovely area - with fantastic staff and service.It is the latter that make the difference and as an organisation the Doyle group should be proud of the Kensington staff. I would particularly single out the Concierge (I did not note her name, but she could not have been more helpful or more pleasant) and the reception/portering staff.There were one or two problems with our stay and I will mention them here, but this is not a complaint: the deluxe room we booked was definitely not as portrayed on the website: it was smaller, there was no coffee machine (as advertised), no robes in the room (as advertised), insufficient supplies of coffee/tea/milk/soap and shower gel etc. The latter, particularly, let the hotel down - it is the little things which, in my experience, distinguish between top-end hotels and guests should not have to ring reception for toiletries, milk etc.With the exception of the room dimensions and absent coffee machine, all of the above were dealt with extremely efficiently by the excellent staff. (As mentioned above, this is not a complaint.)With a little extra effort, the Kensington really could distinguish itself.Would I stay again? Yes.Will we stay again? Yes.	
Oct 27 2009 	lovely hotel. we will be back	Good points1. Location - Kensington is a fab location with park and museums nearby and tube stop within walking distance of hotel for easy access around city2. hotel very clean and beautifully refurbished3. rooms slightly on small side but very comfy and had everything needed - robes, slippers, good hairdryer, t and coffee making facilities, safe, wall mounted flat screen tv, umbrella etc4. bar and lounge areas very relaxing and plenty of chairs/sofas 5. very pleasant staff6. free internet access in lobby area7. ate breakfast only in hotel. food fabulous8. nibbles served with drinks in bar - a nice touchbad points1. 20 minute wait for coffee in bar on sunday evening (around 9pm) . Seemed to be very slow between kitchen and bar. Bar drinks quicker to be served2. noise - we had 2 rooms, one close to lifts and other further down corridor. The occupants of further room had no noise issues at all. Room near noted paper thin walls, could hear tv in next room very late at night, and could hear other guests knocking on doors and doors opening and closing on corridor. Might need some more sound proofing fitted. Luckily the guests staying in hotel are not inclined to be late night noisy revellers and noise, while it did wake us up, didnt interfere with enjoyment of facility. 3. Rooms inclined to be on small size and bathrooms very small but again nicely finished. A note of CAUTION for anyone with any mobility problems. One of our bathrooms would not have suited anyone without full mobility. The shower was an 'over the bath' type. The shower screen was over half the bath width leaving the access to the bath very tight. This coupled with quite a high side on the bath would make it impossible for someone with back problems to use the bath or shower. by contrast the second room had no bath but had a double shower with a waterfall showerhead which was fantastic. Check out the bathroom in your assigned room suits your needs.overall a definite recommendation and we will use this hotel again	
Oct 26 2009 	I just had to write about it..	just returned from a great weekend in London. I have visited this site many times in the past to make hotel choices for my trips. this is the first time I contribute to this site and I must say, I just had to write about Kensington Hotel. Arrived late and Brian at reception went out of his way to find us a great room. The hotel has just been refurbished, everybody is very attentive and genuinely seems to enjoy working there. the buffet breakfast is everything one could wish for and the lobby and fireplaces are inviting to lounge around. just too bad the hotel is in London with so much to do, otherwise I would have simply moved in! Nancy the concierge is most enthusiastic about providing any and all help and support one may need to make one's stay most enjoyable .. AND just down the street from the hotel there is one of the finer pubs in London, just ask her!	
Oct 22 2009 	Absolutely delightful hotel and excellent value	Having originally booked in to the Sheraton Park Towers at about four times the cost and been utterly disappointed in every regard we decided to jump ship and spend the rest of our stay at Kensington Hotel (a further 5 nights). We were upgraded to a suite - which I would highly recommend as the bathroom was the best I have ever seen in London! Unlike well known hotel chains this one had a really warm, relaxing, personable touch and we quickly felt at home. Having experienced endless hotels in London previously, I am content that I have now found the ultimate, best value for money, hotel in the whole of London. Room service was also refreshingly of high standard and good value.	
Oct 20 2009 	Elegant with good service	The room + breakfast + £30 to spend at the hotel cost £150 from Travelzoo which was excellent value for two (I was just one though). The food was excellent and the staff friendly. The room was spacious. I would recommend staying here if you can get a good deal.	
Oct 17 2009 	Good location and price but staff service levels need improving	I recommend this hotel but they desperately need more staff in the dining room and better training of all staff. In general they need more people and the front of the house staff are aware of this as several staff members asked me to write this review as their central management in UK and Ireland were not giving them enough resources to do the job properly.	
Oct 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with Fantastic Staff	Fabulous rooms which have an amazing room scent!The staff are all really polite, professional and nothing was too much trouble, always offering assistance with being requested and with a smile !Lovely bar, very relaxed with a great range of brands.Look forward to visiting again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Decadent yet modern surroundings charming....	Gorgeous hotel in centre of South Kensington. Staff were charming and polite. Room recently refurbished with lovely mix of modern yet decadent furnishings with great attention to detail. Enjoyed the room service. Fabulous bathroom with freestanding bath. Really cool bar.	
Oct 13 2009 	excellent stay classic boutique hotel	stayed here last month ,after they completed their renovation and whilst i was a fan of the property previoulsy it was getting a little tired. however its like walking into a new hotel with the service and atmosphere of an established businesss excellent could fault it,as a coffee drinker i found the coffee machines in the rooms an exfellent addition.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location and decor - pity about the facilities and service	Stayed here for 3 nights for a city break. Location and decor are great however the service, particularly housekeeping was less than up to standard. Was in a double room and daily had to ask for additional items e.g. only one bath towel for two people, toiletries not replenished etc. Rooms are small and badly appointed compared to hotels of a similar rating. No iron in room and had almost a two hour wait to get one. Bathroom floor remained stained for the length of our stay. Have payed a lot less and received better levels of service. Its a pity because the location and structure are very good.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel Great Breakfast	Stayed for one saturday night in the Kensington Hotel. Rooms more really nice and what surprised me the most were tailored for women. Decoration was excellent, hair dryer was big enough, womens magazines etc etc. This meant that my spouse really enjoyed her stay and had nothing to complain about which made my stay even better!Breakfast the next morning was excellent with fresh fruit, breads, cheeses and a hot menu also. The location is perfect if you want to explore the South Kensington and Knightsbridge region. You can walk to Hyde park Knightsbridge in about ten to fifteen minutes. Well deffinitely stay again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great hotel in super location	Just back from three night stay. Our room was rather small but beautifully turned out. The staff / service was exceptional and you could not beat the location. Well done to all concerned.	
Oct 4 2009 	Lovely Hotel in Nice Location	We were here two nights and had a wonderful stay.The check in was quick and the room was clean and roomy with a nice coffee maker. Breakfast was part of the room and their coffee at the lounge was made just right. Afternoon tea was part of the room rates, but we were able to discount part of the room rate if we opted to turn down the afternoon tea. Another perk from the hotel was the unlimited internet connection from our hotel room. This is the hotel that I would definitely return to when back in London.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good for the rate we paid	We stayed here under the Daily Telegraph Short Break Scheme on a rate that was advertised as 50% of the normal tariff. We had two types of room, a standard room and a deluxe room which were located on the second floor. The standard room was big enough for single occupancy but would have been small if used as a double (the Bathroom was smaller than those I have experienced in budget hotels. The deluxe had a bigger floor area and the bathroom was over double the size of that in the room opposite. The main fixtures were similar in both rooms with the deluxe having a few extra touches (although a full length mirror was noted by my Mother as something that was missing). There were a few minor gripes with the fixture and fittings in both rooms and a few touches that were missing when compared with other hotels of a similar standard. Overall, the hotel represents good value for money for the rate we received (I would expect more if I paid the full rate) and is ideally located close to the Museums and Tube Station.	
Sep 29 2009 	Absolutely lovely hotel!	Stayed for two nights on a combined business/pleasure trip. The location close to Earls court exhibiton center was one of the criteria for choosing this hotel, and the good reviews and high ranking made the choise even easier.We got a room without proper windows at first, and immediately asked for a change. Another room was available and prepared in an hour. I think the room with no windows (only two small openings with shutters and no view) probably should be sold at a very much lower price and with proper information. I think very few would be comfortable here, but some may be happy to pay less for an otherwise acceptable room on the 1st floor) Only an advise, because the stay in itself was perfect. Newly beautifully refubished, the colours and furnishings are exquisite and creates a warm and welcoming environment. Taxi had barely stopped before the doorman had picked our suitcases up with a smile and a welcome. Breakfast, oh, breakfast! My only regret was that I could not eat as much as I desired of all these delicacies. Coffee probably the best I have ever got in a hotel. I'm extremely sensitive about my coffe, and very few hotels pass &quot;the test&quot; for me. (We travel quite a bit) The head waiter (?) was all smiles, realxed helpfulness (remembered our name the second day and the hotel was packed) and a little well-placed humour. All these tings are often underrated, but adds up to form your mood for the day. We got ready for the day happy and smiling, and in no need for lunch!Bed was so good I tended to want to go home early! A down filled duvet light as a cloud instead of the sheet &amp;blanket. Heavenly. Stay here!	
Sep 28 2009 	A winner	Excellent and very responsive staff. Great location. Clean rooms, though a bit small. Luckily we got a free upgrade to the suite. Really was a perfect home base for our stay in London. I recommend it HIGHLY to everyone. And i think because it was just reopened or something, we got an extremely good rate.Stay at this hotel and you'll be happy!	
Sep 19 2009 	Lovely airy hotel with friendly helpful staff great rooms breakfast and bar service	We stayed at the Hotel on the occasion of our son's wedding and everyone had a great time and commented on what a lovely hotel it is. Wonderfully comfortable with up market bathrooms and we were made to feel really welcome.	
Sep 16 2009 	Seriously let down by poor service	My sister and I stayed here for one night while on family business in London on 12 Sept 09. We booked on the basis of great ratings on Tripadvisor from previous guests as we needed somewhere relaxing. The hotel is well located close to South Kensington underground which is served by the Piccadilly and District Lines. It is a pleasant 10 minute stroll to Kensington High street, We arrived on an early flight and went to the hotel to drop off luggage and ask whether an early check in was a possibility. The welcome by the lady concierge was warm and an encouraging start. However, our optimism was short lived as our request for an early check in seemed to flummox the receptionist on duty (we didn't consider this to be an unusual request for a hotel of this calibre). We were made to feel that this presented a problem as she said she had to find us a different room which could be prepared for us before the published check-in time of 2pm. In the end we decided to return at 2pm only to find that the room type we requested was not in fact what we had been allocated and again the point that this was our fault because of our early check in request was emphasised. It was on our return at 9pm when the room was at last to our specification, and then the bed throws and cushions were 'stored' on the floor for turn-down and the cups we had used earlier had not been refreshed. This gave the room a very untidy feel. Decor was bland with no pictures on the walls. We found the staff on duty at breakfast to be unfriendly with at least one extremely abrupt and inappropriate comment from a member of staff which left us feeling again uncomfortable. This is a lovely hotel with spacious relaxation areas for guests as well as free internet access. We booked through an online booking agency which offered us a very competitive rate and we genuinely felt that the service offered by key staff at this hotel was second rate (perhaps as a result of how we had booked), as was the room we found ourselves occupying. The staff we encountered at the Kensington would greatly benefit from customer service training perhaps shadowing their contempoaries in the Westbury Hotel in Dublin. The Kensington Hotel is seriously let down by poor service which left us feeling sorry we had booked. We informed the hotel of our concerns through their customer satisfaction survey and currently await their response.	
Sep 14 2009 	food under cooked - staff did not care	Having stayed before i was looking forward to visiting again - breakfast was a disaster - ordered cooked breakfast - black pudding was cold raw and uncooked in the centre - staff grudgingly took it back - on check out the bill was wrong and they had excluded the £25 credit forr food and drink that they both advertise and promote	
Sep 14 2009	A fantastic hotel with superb service	Our wedding party have just spent the weekend here, and I simply can't recommend it enough. This hotel combines the luxury of something much more expensive with the personal service of something much smaller.We came to them late one Friday night a few weeks before our wedding after another venue (booked months earlier) had let us down badly. We instantly felt comforted by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff and this feeling grew over our subsequent dealings with them over the course of the next few weeks leading up to the stay itself. We were given personal points of contact, though all the staff in the hotel we had dealings with were excellent and seemed genuinely friendly. This was a view mirrored by all our guests. In fact, we found it so difficult to leave that we extended our stay for a further night.We've come away from our wedding with some amazing memories, and the Kensington Hotel is indelibly part of that of that experience.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent hotel superb bed great breakfast	Booked very much at the last minute, but managed to secure a superior king size room for £190 plus VAT including breakfast for 2 people. Room was on the 4th floor and with windows onto a quiet side street. The room was certainly large by London standards, spotlessly clean and well equipped. There is a mini bar which you can't use as a personal fridge which was a very minor irritation. There should have been bathrobes - and these were missing, but we couldn't be bothered to phone reception and ask for some. The bathroom was large with underfloor heating and nice toiletries. There was a large plasma screen tv in the bedroom and supposedly free wifi, although we didn't manage to get our i-touch to find the network, despite phoning reception for help. I suspect our room might have been too far away from the router. The bed was really comfy with a feather duvet and feather pilows. An excellent night's sleep was ensured! We walked to the Albert Hall for a Prom concert in the evening and came back to the hotel for dinner. The restaurant food was excellent, but the wine was a bit pricey. Breakfast was superb. Lots of choice including imaginative healthy options and a good range of cooked choices in addition to the &quot;full english&quot;. Service was polite and friendly.The hotel is in between South Kensington and Gloucester Road tubes, and we think South Ken was marginally closer. In short, a great find and we would certainly stay again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location. Represents excellent value.	Like the previous reviewer, my wife and I took the 3 nights for 2 offer. I understand the hotel has just been refurbished, and we found it was clean and fresh. The room we had wasn't what you would call large, but for the price you pay, and the location (South Kensington tube station is around 400 yards away) you couldn't get any better. The facilities in the room were excellent (I was able to watch the football on Sky Sports on a new wall mounted LCD TV). The staff were brilliant, and always attentive and keen to assist. I would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to anyone else wanting to stay in west London.	
Sep 1 2009 	exquisite luxury comfort all under the same roof	Myself and my partner did the 3 for 2 nights deal. I must say, we have stayed in several hotels and boutiques in London and the Kensington is at the high end of our scale. Young but fantastic staff, very helpful and extremely polite. A bit out of the mainstream shopping, but very close to Harrods and Harvey Nichols. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. We had a joyous stay and will definitely return in the future.	
Aug 28 2009 	Fantastic in every way!	My husband and I spent five nights at this beautiful hotel in South Ken in mid August. We highly recommend it. We had a great package deal for the hotel from Luxury Link which included full breakfast every morning among other lovely treats. Our stay was great from beginning to end. Reception staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was a delight - the hotel is recently renovated so the rooms are first class, very modern, stylish, spacious and comfortable. Luxurious actually! Bed, extremely comfortable, lovely bed linens. Oh, wonderful bath products! So much so that I asked for a few extra samples for packing in my bags! The only downside I can think of is there is no iron/ironing board in the room. We had to call for one and it took ages for them to provide it. Breakfast at the hotel every morning was a wonderful way to start the day- so much choice and service was excellent! Dining room is beautiful! We had dinner our last night at the hotel and that was great too. We also spent time at the bar having drinks - great atmosphere. Concierge was very helpful in getting us tickets to a couple of shows and just generally a pleasure to deal with. The location of the hotel is fab! You are in the middle of it all. South Ken tube station a five minute walk away, world class museums in every direction and some great restaurants in the immediate vicinity - you are spoilt for choice in that respect. I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would return in a heartbeat! Part of what made it so special apart were the staff. Not the cold British politeness that is so typical of folks in London. Rather, we found them to be genuinely warm (they smiled!) and hospitable. Special mention must be made of Giselle. She was fantastic and made us feel really welcome. We'll be back!	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel / Excellent Staff	Me and my significant other stayed here for 3 nights in the summer. We decided to take a trip to London for her birthday and had a great time. The HotelThe hotel is excellent and the staff are there for your every need, they really cannot do enough for you. The location was great as we wanted the visit the parks which were very nice and the tube is 5 mins walk. The hotel has two computers which are located by the lift and are free to use which is another added bonus. The hotel has a very nice clean and quality feel about it and there are small thoughtful things I liked about it such as, helping yourself to a fresh apple on the way out and being greeted each time you approach the main doors. Excellent! The Restaurant &amp; BarWe had continental breakfast each morning which was all very nice, we would also take a few cereal bars away if we were heading out! Everything was extremely fresh and the service was faultless. We had dinner in the restaurant one evening, the meal and the service was excellent. The bar area is extremely relaxing and is the perfect place to enjoy a drink. The RoomsOur room was very spacious and had a large LCD TV with various channels. The finish to the room was great, nice quality carpets, shutter blinds at the window, an excellent bathroom with shower and air con which worked brilliant. There was a safe in the room for which there is no additional charge.	
Aug 20 2009 	Unique fantastic Gem!	I stayed here with my husband for one night - a babyfree 24 hrs! The hotel is just such a delight - the decor is amazing, whoever is responsible for that - wow. Rooms are equally good, clearly top quality furniture and fabrics throughout. Location is spot on in the best part of London. We are definantly staying again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed in the Kensington Hotel with our two young children after finding their 3 nights for the price of 2 deal on the internet. We wanted somewhere nice to stay in a good location and this hotel did not disappoint. The hotel has been recently refurbished to a very high standard. All public areas were spotless and incredibly stylish. The bedroom (which was a family room) was a good size (for London) and the bedlinen and curtains were clearly top quality. The beds were really comfortable and the en-suite shower room had a really powerful shower in it. The service we received from the staff was fantastic from start to finish - they really couldn't have been more helpful and were clearly very well-trained. Breakfast was great with a lovely selection of fresh fruit, cereal, home made muffins/flapjacks, pastries, fresh juices, breads,cheese and meat and also a lovely selection of cooked options. In terms of location, the hotel is at the bottom end of Queens Gate (about 15 mins walk from Kensington Gardens) and is really handy for the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A. We would definitely return to this hotel next time we visit London so long as they keep doing special rates.	
Jul 6 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel	Stayed at the Kensington on their 3 night package (3 nights for 1 deal). Room was big for London and still smelt new. It is very close to South Kensington Tube Station which is great. Only downside was the air conditioning. It wasn't working in our room. We mentioned it to the manager at the desk and she was very helpful and accommodating.	
Jul 5 2009 	If you want relative luxury in London at affordable prices this is it!	Stayed for one night at the Kensington Hotel last week, we were going to see a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. Really enjoyed our one night stay there. The hotel has had a £20m refurbishment and it shows. The bar is decorated in 1930s decor, and is wonderful to sit in and relax with a late night drink or two.The staff at the hotel are all very polite and go that little bit further in making the stay as nice as possible. As soon as we arrived at the hotel and checked in the concierge explained we could drink in the bar in the afternoon and watch the tennis on their widescreen TV. We had a superior room with a very comfortable bed, clean sheets, soft carpet under foot, mini bar, plasma screen TV. The shower in the bathroom is amazing, one of those huge pod showers with a slate floor. There was a speaker in the bathroom so you could listen to whatever was on the TV at the time. The only disadvantages was outside our window was some workmen hammering and drilling, till 1730, we had arrived at 1530. I did speak to reception and the lady told me they were working till 1730 and that would be it, however they did start again at 0845 next morning when she said they had finished. To be honest they werent that noisy in the morning and they stopped for an hour and we were checking out at 1030 so it wasnt a major problem. If we had been staying longer and the work was continuing then we would have asked to move rooms, I get the impression that it wouldnt have been a problem. This room didnt have a great view as you can imagine and the room wasnt massive but it was a good enough size for two people and we could have stayed there longer. We also had breakfast brought to our room at no extra charge, a continental, which was part of the price and very nice it was too. The area around the hotel is great for choices of places to eat and its only 5-7 min walk from South ken tube, and 3 of londons best museums are also 5 mins away. Would definitely go back there again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Superb hotel	As we booked this on Travel Zoo with the re-opening special we had a fantastic rate and comparatively low expectations. Our room – the King size Deluxe - was massive. The promised king size bed with lots of space for a table and chairs, plenty of space for luggage. Also a good size bathroom and best of all, double glazed windows so – despite the fact we were only on the first floor – no traffic noise. Fantastic breakfast spread – lots of choices of fresh fruit, smoked salmon, cold cuts and pastries plus the expected toast and cereals. Also enjoyed a wonderful meal in the hotel restaurant, great food and fantastic service.	
May 30 2009 	A very nice hotel.	We got 3 nights for the price of 2 nights, so it was a pretty good deal. We had a Superior room with a king bed. The room was nice, and the bed was very comfortable. There wasn't a tub which wasn't a problem for us. The shower was very nice. The view was bad but since we didn't spend a lot of time in our room, it was fine.	
May 27 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel for Shopping/Concert weekend!	The kensington hotel has amazing rooms! Our room was gorgeous, its furnishings made the room feel more luxurious, bed was amazing to sleep in. Breakfast was well worth it, had continental breakfast, everything was fresh and nicely displayed, the dinning area had a nice relaxing atmosphere. Everything about it was appealing.Shops are very close by and the tube is just around the corner. Ideal location for the shopaholic! Hyde park is not too far away either.The staff were warm and welcoming and very helpful! Really liked the extra touch of a complementary bottle of water for the guests upon check out.Overall great hotel.Will definately stay there again!	
May 27 2009 	Top Notch	Very well located central to tube station Rates are good too. Rooms bright, stylish and open. Beds are superb and hard to get up out of for all the good reasons. dinning room is superb with un-intrusive service. bar and lounge also worth a look. Cant wait for my next passing through kensington.	
May 21 2009 	Good Weekend in London	My husband and I stayed at the Kensington Hotel, South Kensington for two nights during May. The hotel is very easy to find and only a few stops from London Paddington on the underground. Our room was lovely (the whole hotel has recently had a 20 million pound renovation) very comfy beds, plasma screen TV, very nice bathrooms - all the usual facilities you would expect from a luxury hotel in London. We had drinks at the bar/lounge on both evenings the staff were very efficient on both occasions. Breakfast was wonderful both the service and standard of food were exceptional, I have already recommended friends and family to stay at the hotel when they next visit London.	
May 9 2009 	Highly recommended	The friendliness and attention to detail by the entire staff made the highest marks. The hotel is open, airy and beautifully renovated through out. Some rooms are quite small as expected in London. Larger rooms are available. This was a great value to us at 110 GBP per night under a TRAVELZOO promotion. Neighboorhood is quiet and upscaled. About. three blocks walk to Kensington South tube station. Markets, post office and pharmacy on Brompton. A few good restaurants in the area but more in Gloucester if on foot. You will enjoy your stay!	
May 7 2009 	Ask to see the room	We booked this hotel as we noticed it was being completely redone on our last visit. There was a special opening rate but as a result, we believe we got one of the least desirable rooms in the hotel. The room was located directly over the dumpster which was still being used for the renovation and was much smaller than many of the other rooms we saw. Worst of all, there were 3 steps up to the bathroom!In addition, they are still working through the kinks ie. no towel bars in the bathroom, no hooks for robes and a &quot;frosted&quot; glass door such that you can see the other person while they are taking care of bathroom business!On the other hand, the location is wonderful and the lobby/bar is fabulous as well.The concierge and staff were extremely kind,helpful and apologetic.We would recommend this hotel but caution to book a deluxe room and make sure there are no steps to the bathroom.	
Apr 30 2009 	You can smell the newness!	I stayed here for two nights in April 2009.This hotel was previously Jury's Kensington and has recently re-opened following a major refurbishment. I had stayed in the old Jury's hotel many times and was eager to see what it was like after the refubishment and I was very impressed. Like the previous reviewer I was allowed check in early. On entering the my room I could 'smell the newness' of the furniture. The room and,particularly the bathroom, were rather small. Among the room furnishings is a large LCD TV, in room safe, mini bar and very comfortable bed. The food and service in the restaurant was excellent and the cocktail bar is very good also. All staff were very pleasant and friendly. Free internet access is also available. Gideons have not yet got around to putting bibles in the rooms (for the benefit of Christian travellers). Overall I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for the business and leisure traveller.	
Apr 28 2009 	Very Good Stay	Stayed here for one night. They let us check in early at about 10am and the staff were very helpful. The room was fairly small but clean and bright. Very comforatable bed. The hotel has only recently opened but the staff were very professional in dealing with all matters. One of the best things was that the food in the restaurant was very good value and of good quality. 2 people starter and main, £40 !!! I will be back if i can find another offer like we had.......	
Apr 28 2009 	Excelente elección para alojarte en Londres		
Oct 27 2009 	Très satisfait		
Oct 18 2009 	parfait		
Oct 12 2009 	Comodo ed elegante		
Jun 12 2009 	Sehr schönes neues Hotel		
May 6 2009 	molto elegante		
