Oct 8 2007 	Great hotel for sightseeing in London	Used my Tesco Clubcard vouchers for two adjoining rooms for 2 nights. Bedroom surprising spaceious and well maintained with new LCD TV + free water in room (still and fizzy).Breakfast also really good and satisfying.If doing sightseeing bus the original tour stops outside hotel until about 10:15 otherwise you have to get a normal red bus to Marble Arch.Didn't use bar so can not comment.Recomended for family trips to London and super value if you save up your Tesco vouchers (£90 in vouchers for whole weekend)	
May 5 2007 	The Best in Town	A long weekend here with a friend was wonderful. This was one of the best hotels in London I have stayed in, A cross between a luxury hotel and a friendly 5* guest house. Our rooms were small but immaculate with all mod cons. Staff friendly. Good breakfast and snacks. Will stay again. Ideal for business or pleasure and despite location it is very quiet.	
Jan 28 2006	Good value for money	We stayed here for 6 nights. On the negative side, the mattress was bad, but we were so exhuasted the first few nights we did not notice it. I am sure they would have gladly changed our room if we asked. On the plus side: they allowed us to check in at 8:00 a.m. after 23 hours of travel and no ability to sleep upright in a plane. I could have kissed the registration people. The staff were always wonderfu, helpful and polite. Our room was thoroughly cleaned each day. The even used a duvet cover over the comforter for cleaniness. Breakfast each day was several fresh fruits, cold cereal, pastries and a ham and cheese cold plate. The hotel was directly across from the subway station and very convenient. Certainly the pluses, combined with the cost, make this a very reasonable place to stay.	
Jan 22 2006	Needs refurb	Have stayed before and loved it, but this time realised this place needs a refurb. pretty badly. Great location but the beds in both of the rooms we tried were in need of replacement. Lovely staff didn't make up for lack of sleep.	
Nov 27 2005 	Good value for money	I stayed there in July 2004. The room I stayed was decently sized and clean. The location is convenient with many transport choices and breakfast was of good quality. Overall I would rate this hotel definitely above average and good value for money.	
Nov 18 2005 	Bad Hotel!!	DONT STAY HERE!Upon checking in to our very outdated rooms with very worn beds...I was distraught to find I'd lost a credit card. I asked the front desk if they'd help me call the card co. and they were extremely unhelpful.You can do much better than this.Trust me, I asked very politely and was told that the phone can't be used for guests 'personel problems'.Whatever...I'll happily spend my money anywhere else.	
Aug 31 2005	Nothing special.	Difficult to say much exciting about this place - it's clean and well-run with friendly staff, single rooms are small and some only have showers not baths, but the 6th floor ones have (rather sparse) balconies - 604's is immense! TV is limited to terrestrial/freeview channels and a few PPV movies, and there's no proper restaurant, just a bar and cafe - although this is no real hardship as Baker Street is only a few yards away.The hotel is pretty much next door to Marylebone station so no problems with tube or taxis. A perfectly adequate place for a short stay in London.Seems to accept bookings at about £35/night from priceline, at that price I'd say it's good value, but I wouldn't pay the rack rates for it!	
Jun 16 2005	Nice hotel but needs air conditioning	An okay hotel - with pros and cons. Cons, first: Upon checkin, we were given rooms on the first floor, and while the temperature outside was only in the 60's, the room was unbearibly hot and had no air conditioning. We opened the windows, but the street noise was terrible. They were very nice about it, and moved us up to the 4th floor. The temperature was a little better, but we still had to keep the windows open all night, and as a result, some nights, the street noise and partiers kept us awake. I can't imaging staying here in July-August when it gets truly hot outside. Also, the second room had a bed with a broken box spring. Again, we were moved, and all was well after that. Rooms were small, but not overly so.Pros: Great location for the Tube and Marylebone train station - we took the train from there to Warwick. Great staff - Anthony, the bellman was particularly helpful and nice. We had continental breakfast included with our room, and that was very good, as well, with fresh fruit, cereal, breads, sweets, ham, cheese, etc. Easy to fill up enough to last to dinner.I would stay here again if the price was right, just not in the summer months.	
May 14 2005	good overall	My husband and I stayed there for a week in March. Our first room (130, I think) was the pits-- very hot (even in winter), toilet didn't work, TV broken, window didn't open/close properly so we could hear the drunken partygoes below for hours, and *their* hairdryer sparked when I tried to use it, burning my clothes and me. It would've been almost funny if I weren't so jetlagged. When the guy came to check the toilet, he had an attitude and tried to tell me it was fine-- then proceeded to ram the handle for about 20 minutes until it was worse than before. We had to stay in that room the first night (had to use the bar's toilet), and when we went down in the morning to switch rooms, the people in front of us in line at the desk had been robbed from the 6th floor. Not off to a good start.BUT, we were changed to a much better room for the rest of our vacation. Very comfortable, bigger, everything worked, quieter, and clean. We carried our valuables around with us all week instead of leaving them in the room, but that was probably not necessary. Staff were very personable, breakfast was great (good for vegetarians), and the location can't be beat. Overall, I'd go back, but to avoid the noise would request a room not on the 1st floor and not right over the train station entrance.	
Apr 11 2005	Ramada Marylebone is a great find	Got a good deal through Brian Moore. Nice, clean rooms, Small, but manageable. Excellent location, very good continental breakfast included in price of room. Staff courteous and helpful.Advice: Ask for a room off the street. Pub closes at 2, and the partying starts on the sidewalk for an hour or so.	
Mar 17 2005	hm	My first room was a little grotty - even as a smoker I was appaulled at how the room was stinking. Very sparse and very compact. When going to bed noticed the quilt was wet so I called housekeeping who promptly moved me to a better decorated but just as sparse room. This one had a over flow pipe running from the toilet to the shower cubicle which flowed! when the cistern was full. Luckly I have a pond at home so I managed the first night, but by the sceond it was driving me mad so. This hotel is close to the tube station which is why I took it, nearly £3 for a small bottle of becks I did not hang out in the bar. Breakfast was good and service was excellent in the dinning room. So a bit of a mixed bag. I am returning puely because the price was good and the location meets my needs.	
Mar 7 2005	Pleasantly surprised	I stayed here for 5 nights in Feb. 2005. The hotel is centrally located -- just across the street from the underground on the Bakerloo line which is very convenient to the theatre district. The staff was friendly, helpful and attentive. The rooms were small, but typical of London hotels. The bathroom had lots of hot water, and plenty of clean fluffy linens. The neighborhood was safe to walk around in late at night. After midnight, the desk clerk locked the front door, but I rang the doorbell and they were right there. The TV carried the 5 major London stations -- so there was usually something to watch all the time, without resorting to pay tv.I found the hotel extremely clean and safe. I stayed here as part of American Airlines vacation package and was very pleased. Would stay here again.	
Jan 3 2005	Everything was fine	Centrally located. Clean rooms, maybe non-smoking ones are better. Very good english and continental breakfasts. Everyone was very kind. In my opinion it was excellent!	
Jul 15 2004	Centerally Located	My family and I stays at the Ramada Jarvis Marylebone for 6 nights. The hotel, b/rooms, b/room was small, but everyone was very frendly and helpful, breakfast in the mornings was great, great service and choises.Was a little disapointed with the type of charges on the telephone each time you pick the phone and attemp to make a call with a calling card they charge you a pound..........I also have to asked for my linens to be change after 3 days.Overall I would return, would not used phone and would check for clean towels and linens.	
Jul 8 2004	Convenient Home Away From Home	My husband and I spent 6 nights here in March and really enjoyed it. Having stayed at other London hotels of similar cost on previous visits, we found this one to have larger rooms, be more comfortably appointed, and EXTREMELY convenient to most everywhere in London via the Marylebone tube stop (and train station) which is nearly adjacent to the hotel. The hotel is very close to several good restaurants, a couple of pharmacies, some food stores and just a couple of blocks from Baker St. and the Baker St. tube stop. We even included Abbey Rd. studios/crossing in one of our morning 45 minute round trip walks. It's quite close to Regent's Park, a short stroll from the canals and just a pleasant walk to the Wallace Collection Gallery (try their outstanding cafe for a leisurely, splurgey lunch!).We found the food options in the Marylebone station to be a great, cheap alternative for lunches/snacks than more costly, &quot;sit down&quot; places. The staff in the hotel were very courteous and friendly and although the hotel bar is really nothing to write home about, one evening we were tired and opted to eat at the hotel rather than going out - fully expecting &quot;hotel food,&quot; and were pleasantly shocked to have one of the BEST meals of our whole trip at the Jarvis Marylebone Ramada! The breakfast buffet was quite good and a free newspaper was provided each morning. WE'll definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 7 2004	Adequate Hotel Good Location	I visited London last month for the first time and stayed at the Ramada. The first thing we noticed when we got to our room was the lack of A/C. The room was stuffy and quite hot, but when we ventured outdoors we found the temperature to be at least 10 degrees cooler. The rooms themselves were small and the decor was a bit worn. The bathroom also looked like it could use a makeover, the tub was chipped as was the tile in various locations. One thing I did like was the hotel's proximity to the Marylebone station - making it a good starting point to venture almost anywhere in London.	
Jun 9 2004	Good value but some things to think about.	I just returned from a vacation in London, where I spent 6 nights at this hotel. It was very nice, the location extremely convenient, but there were some issues I think that are worth noting.DECOR/CLEANLINESS: Beautifully decorated lobby, single rooms extremely small but nicely set up, very clean, very good maid service.LOCATION: Very convenient, right next to the subway station, where there are little stores where you can easily find sandwiches, salads, fruit, snacks to help ease the bite of the weak dollar and supplement restaurant meals.CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST: A cut above the rest I think. Offered salami/cheese plate, 3 different breads, 3 different fruits, 3 different yoghurts, cereals, pastries, 3 different juices, coffe/tea and more. Fast, efficient service, newspapers provided, really helped me out by providing a solid first meal of the day. As a vegetarian, I got on very well here.ISSUES:Maintenance: The first room I got, I settled in, used the restroom and then found the toilet was broken and did not flush. I called the desk and they sent housekeeping right up and she summoned maintenance. While I was waiting, I laid down on the bed only to find that on this small single bed, everyone slept on the same side and there was a definite tilt to the mattress. I requested a room change and got one without problem. The second room I got the toilet and mattress were fine so I unpacked and took a shower. The shower did not drain and left 2&quot; inches of water. Housekeeping came right up and as maintenance had gone for the day by this time, the housekeeping manager proceeded to pump the drain out. The service and response was excellent but these things should not have happened. How could the toilet and shower have been cleaned and someone not have known they didn't work?STAFF:Seem like mostly French speaking foreign students. Very helpful and eager to please.SECURITY: NONEXISTANT! I had several people call me and no one at the front desk picked up. Similarly, I called the front desk several times and noone picked up. I had guests come to the hotel and walk right up to my room unchallenged. One set of guests said they didn't see anyone in the lobby at all. One night I came home, walked through the lobby, up to my room and didn't see a single staff person. While there often staff members present during the week I was here, I frequently encountered a complete lack of security.OVERALL:A nice, clean hotel, with friendly staff, eager to please. However, because of the security issues, I would try another hotel next time. It's a shame -- this is a very convenient and nicely attired place but in a major city in this day and age, the fact that the front desk is left unattended, no matter for how short a time, is perplexing and disturbing.	
May 27 2004	Fab for the money!	Stayed here for 3 nights 2 years ago. Good hotel, inexpensie and close to everything. The shower was crap (typical english plumbing) and the room looked a bit old but overall clean. Staff were nice enough. Mostly foreign students who worked there I think. The breakfast was cold for the 3 mornings we were there. Looked like it was sitting out in the kitchen for an hour or two - but overall edible. Maybe worth just going to the M&amp;S up the street in Marylebone station for a quick breakie - cheaper and yummier! Overall, I would stay there again. Safe area and easy to get around to other of London's attractions.	
Apr 12 2004	Cozy Convenient Friendly	My wife and I were booked into this attractive hotel as part of a Virgin Atlantic Vacations Package. From the onset, the staff went out of their way to make our stay pleasant. Our room, small but adequate, faced the Marylebone Station. During the several days we stayed there, we had above average maid service which provided a clean, comfortable and quiet environment. The breakfast buffet was more than adequate, staffed by friendly efficient people. We highly recommend this establishment.	
Apr 2 2004	Jarvis Maryleborne a great hotel	I've just returned from a trip to London. We stayed at the Jarvis Maryleborne Ramada Hotel and found it to be a good value. It is well located in a nice neighborhood. The breakfast buffet is delicious and the rooms are clean (but small). The staff were also very helpful.	
Mar 14 2004	ramada nights	we stayed in london on a weekend break and was booked to the ramada jarvis as part of the package.firstly it is very convenient to find.pop your head out of marylebone station,look right and it stares you in the face. we were in room 406 (4th floor)not a problem with the lifts(2 in total) although one was admittedly out of order when we were there. the room was small but pleasant enough ,looking out toward the station.traffic was busy at times and the sound of tooting horns and emergency vehicles was a little offputting but we soon got used to it.after all it is london. facility's were the norm and basic.dont' be fooled by promises of sky telly. you have to pay for it. not that we were in long enough to watch anything. breakfasts were very good and service by the staff first class.one drawback we found was that they didn't smile much and conversation was unbecoming to most of them,the exception being the girls we encountered on the front desk who were very polite and extremely helpful.the bar is a little dingy and we didn't feel that we could drink in that atmosphere,room for some improvement there.one thing i noticed was being a big lad , the toilet felt a bit low and uncomfortable(sorry but you want the good and the bad) otherwise very clean. all in all though we found our stay at the ramada a pleasant one and would visit this hotel again.	
Jan 28 2004	Loved it!	 I stayed at the Ramada Jarvis Marylebone in April of 2003. The rooms are very small. But you get a nice warm felling. It almost fill like a B&amp;B. Room service was wonderful. Very good choice for a family hotel or small traveler. I well most likely stay at the Ramada Jarvis Marylebone again. 	
Jan 20 2004	Clean conveniently located good service.	My mother and I stayed here a week at New Year's. The hotel is conveniently located steps from the Marylebone Tube Station and 4 blocks from the Baker Street Tube Station. Regent's Park, Sherlock Holmes Museum and Madame Tussaud's are a few blocks away. Through the Ramada website, got a fantastic winter special B &amp; B rate of 49 pounds/night including full English Breakfast . (Also available: Buffet continental breakfast offering fruit, juice, coffee, tea, pastries, cereal, yogurt, cold meats and cheese.) If B &amp; B rate not available, a small cafe across the street offers breakfast for 3-4 pounds and the tube station has a few food stalls and a small Marks &amp; Spencer outlet. Room was on a no-smoking floor, clean and nicely furnished. No dresser so we had to dress out of our suitcases. Television, hair dryer, ironing board, iron and trouser press, tea and coffee tray provided. Linens changed daily and room vacuumed, as well. Bathroom with tub was a bit small with low ceiling, making taking a shower a tight squeeze for a tall person. Bath towels were thick and over-sized. Staff were friendly and helpful in arranging tours and giving travel advice. The neighborhood is safe and includes a post office, many restaurants and pubs and banking ATM's. Buses leaving from the Marylebone station offer another option to all the tourist spots.	
Sep 10 2008 	non male		
