Oct 1 2009 	A nice hotel for a good price	We stayed at Seymour Hotel for 4 nights. I found the hotel to be a bit old and cramped, but it's clean, tidy and the staff were nice, polite and helpful.It's right next to Paddington station where the Heathrow trains come in. It is a short walk from Oxford street. The location was therefore perfect for us. It in a quite quiet street, some traffic but really not bad considering it is in the center of London. Our room was small, but clean. The bed were comfortable. No rooms had a double bed, so we were offered a room with twin beds which really didn't matter. The bathroom is really tiny, but it works ok if you're only there for a few nights, maybe weeks. The room, because of the size, isn't something to go for if you spend a lot of time in your hotel room. But if you're planning on spending most of the time outside the hotel room then it more than good enough.	
Jan 22 2009 	no way!!!!	A horrible place to stay .we asked for double bed and paid the price for itbut we were placed in twin room in different building, which horribly stinks.apart from location this place is zerofilthy roomunfriendly staffnoisey area	
Jan 8 2009	New Years Eve at Seymour!	The Hotel itself was okay, it is near the Underground Station Paddington from which you can take the Bakerloo or Circle/District Line to the hotspots of London. The Rooms are very small and the furniture is also very old. There is an ensuite bathroom in every room, but this is not a real bathroom it is only a plastic container which was built in the room. It contains a WC, a wash basin and a shower, but if you take a shower the whole container is wet. Take care if you book a double room, we did but there are generally no double rooms at seymour (only twin rooms). They offered us to change to the White House Hotel (which is located beside the Seymour) but we decided to stay at Seymour and put our beds one on one which was no problem.The room was tidy but as I already mentioned in old style. The hotel offers breakfast where you can get cereals, ham, cheese, yoghurt, jam, butter, toast bread and tea &amp; coffee. We have been there over the NYE 2008/09 and the central heating was also working good. The hotel-employees are friendly and helpful. So all in all it's okay for a short trip and if you don't want a very comfortable room.	
Aug 15 2008 	really ok	We booked a room at the Seymour, but were diverted into another hotel in a house very close by, so the only thing I can say is that the location is neat. We arrived at Paddington tube station quite late at night. With the help of our maps we found the hotel very easily. It took about 5 minutes of walking to get there and there were a lot of super markets along the way. As soon as we got to the hotel, the receptionist told us that our room was in another hotel. At first we got really confused, but he told us that it was just around the corner (and it really was). So we actually stayed at 'The white house' hotel, which was very ok!	
Mar 6 2008 	didn´t like Seymour at all	I stayed at Seymor for three nights in november 2007. First of all: it was clean and the staff was friendly. But: the bathroom is TINY, I could almost not turn around inside. The room was very cold and there were no extra blankets. The beds vere very uncomfortable (hard even for a hotel-bed) Breakfast was okey, standard for a little hotel in london. Self-service with tea and coffee, bread, marmelade, cheese, yoghurt, cereals. There were no safety deposit in our room AND we had to leave the key at the reception everytime we left the hotel. And when we came back, it was a new receptionist, and he just hand over the key without having a clue of who we were. It didn´t feel so safe.	
Oct 2 2007 	Had a real problem	The reception told us that due to a water leakage, we were to be relocated to Alexandra Hotel nearby. It was 8 in the evening and with my young son, it was a problem. Moeover Alexandra turned out to be very bad. Seymour washed off their hands once we went to Alexandra.	
Feb 16 2007 	Not bad  very good location	We were there 2 weeks ago and I was afraid of this hotel, due to the low budget...However the hotel is fine, the rooms are really small, a little bit noisy, and the bathroom is tiny. But it was clean! And an excelent location... The bus stops 100 meters ahead and some of them go directly to Picaddilly... The Paddington Station e just around the corner too...You don't pay much, you get a clean and small room, but it is perfect for sleeping! If you consider that you don't spend much time at the hotel, this one is good!	
Jan 31 2007 	Nice budjet hotel	We stayed in Seymour Hotel for four nights. The location was good, just few blocks away from Paddington Station. Our room was situated in other building called &quot;white house&quot;, around the corner from the reception.The staff was nice and helpful. White House building was a bit old and the corridor was quite tiny. You had to fight with the doors to fit to your room, the space was so tiny. Room was tiny but nice. The hotel wasn't anything special but compared to the price, it is a great choise! Neither wasn't anything specially wrong on the place.	
Jan 25 2007 	Clean 	this hotel eventhough it's quite small but it's PERFECT for me and my husband for we dont really spent time in the hotel all the time...as long as the hotel is clean and affordable..it's fine with us.i know the review says a lot but love this hotel very much will sure recommend it to my friends in malaysia...-neer &amp; faizal-	
Jun 4 2006	it was close to most things ...	very smal toilet/bathroom.. but better than not having one ..Very average customer service at desk ..Ok for price ... very close to Paddington Stn and all facilities ...Very good location .... It was clean and safe ....Very close to Hyde Park too ..You get what yo pay for ...Good for budget travellers ...Will stay there again ..	
Dec 30 2005	Tinny but cheap	Everything was tinny, even the shower (if you can use this word to describe it). It was very hot inside the room, but not so bad as many people say. One bed was ok but the matress in the other was quite unconfortable. Towels are changed every 3 days, it's ok.	
Dec 6 2005	Horrible would be a compliment	I've been to over 35 countries all over the world, and had never seen such chaos. When I arrived for my 3-night stay at the Seymour the guy in the reception told me I had to stay at a different hotel the first night and then return to this hotel for the remaining 2 nights.He didn't apologize for the incovenience and ignored our complaints. He was rude, incongruent, had little knowledge of what he was doing, and worse of all, he was in charge. We were told to go across the street to a different hotel, from where we were directed to a lousy house where we spent the first night. Then back to the Seymour. The receptionist was there again, and every question we asked, he answered with a ARE YOU JOKING? Our room, (finally not in the Seymour but at a nearby house) was below ground level, the toilet was a joke (i'm 6 ft and had to step out to dry my body after showering). The heat wouldn't work and the shower would get everything soaking wet. Breakfast? LOL! Toasts and butter, with cheap juice and even cheaper coffee. Yes, it was cheap, but not worth the suffering. THEY SHOULD KICK THE GUY IN THE RECEPTION OUT! Ruined our holidays with his bossy tone and his attitude.Go somewhere else, let Seymour be your last choice	
Jun 2 2005	Cheap and basic	We got a cheap deal on the internet and confirmed our room (twin share) a month or so prior to staying. However on arrival we were told that the fare was incorrect. Luckily I had a printout of the published deal aas well as my emails. The manager wasn't there at that time (it was night) so the recptionist said he'd accept the lower price but that we'd need to meet with the manager at 9am the next day. My friend and I were planing on getting an early start that day but we dcecided to wait to get the fare sorted out. By 10am there was still no sign of the manager so we went about our day. When we got back that night the receptionist said everything was ok and we were allowed to pay the lower price. So while everything turned out ok it was a bit of a hassle, not to mention stressful to be told we may have to pay 2 pounds each per night extra. The staff were friendly but unprofessional. They didn't seem to know what they were doing and one of them couldn't speak english very well.The rooms were warm (we went in Winter), but small. Just enough room to open my suitcase (had to close it back up to walk past though). The bed was lumpy. I got bruises down my leg!! My friend's bed seemed alright though.The bathroom was tinnnnnnny! Everytime you took a shower you'd have to mop the entire bathroom floor. There was no place to put you clothes while you showered either. Even if you put it on the toilet seat cover it would still get soaked. And the towels smelt like mildew and cigarettes. They were very thin, too and weren't replaced during our 5 night stay (even though they said they would be changed every 2nd or 3rd day)On the plus side there was free coffee and tea in the rooms (you have to rinse your cup out after use, as the maids don't clean them). There was also a writing desk and small tv.Great selection of tourist pamphlets downstairs in the lobby! And great walking distance to Paddington station (although it took us ages to find the hotel at night with the rain and heavy luggage).Breakfast was boring but free, so that's ok.One other thing, the phones in the rooms were difficult to use. It was hard to dial out. ALso when my friend rang me (via reception) the receptionist had to run up to my room and told me to push my phone reciever further into the cradle until it rang. It was weird.I would stay there again if I got a cheap price, cos it's a great location and a private bathroom. I would bring my own towels though, and something to pad the matress with.	
May 13 2005	Not recommended	What a terrible place for such a hefty price!!That was just the worst hotel ever. Staff was friendly though, but it wasa) dirtyb) the smallest bathroom ever (guess they were stolen out of old planes)c) the worst breakfast ever (to even call that breakfast is a joke)NOT RECOMMENDED	
Jan 24 2005	Well done SEYMOUR!	I spent 3 night in Seymour Hotel, in January 2005.My travel agency suggested my this hotel even if there were no precise information about in neither from the agency nor from internet (the hotel has not a web site). The location is very good (5 minutes walk from PADDINGTON tube station, with 4 different lines), prices too: we paid 33 euro per person per night. Breakfast was a little poor (mlk, coffee, cereals, orange juice, toasted bread and jam), but of good quality. The only bad side was the bath, very very small.... Finally, I highly recommend this hotel: quality is saved although cheapness.	
Jul 3 2009 	Normalísimo y económico		
May 19 2009 	Ideal für einen Kurztripp		
Jan 7 2008 	Comodo...ma piccolo piccolo picclo!		
Sep 2 2007 	Sencillo pero limpio y en buen sitio		
Apr 10 2007 	no es tan malo		
Dec 11 2006 	Estancia para no olvidar		
