Nov 21 2009 	Excellent Value	We are budget travellers preferring to make the most of our time exploring our destination. This hotel is cheap, clean and in a fantastic location. It was actually a lot better than expected having read the reviews and the only real criticism we had was the quality of the sausages at breakfast! The staff were friendly and the County Bar was comfortable and drinks were good value for money.Don't be put off if you want somewhere to sleep after a long day and night in London - this place is just the job.	
Nov 10 2009 	It`s absolutely Fine For Budgest Travellers	Some people who have reviewed this hotel seem to expect a five star hotel for a one star price.Wake up people! London is one of the most expensive cities in the world. To get a single room plus breakfast for £43 is about as cheap as you are going to find without going into a youth hostel dormitory. If you are in London for a short period of time, and are only planning to be in your hotel to sleep, then this place is perfect. If you are planning on a romantic break and want to dine in the hotel, then look elsewhere.The hotel was built in the 30`s and probably last refubished in the 70`s. My room was small, the furniture old and tatty, and the TV didn`t work. But, the bed linen was clean, the two towels were clean, and the communal toilets and bathrooms were clean. The full English breakfast was a buffet style help yourself affair, and whilst the food wasn`t fantastic, it was OK, and filled me up for the rest of the day. If you want to leave your bags after you check out it will cost you 50p, which won`t exactly break the bank.Best of all is the location. It`s about 5 mins walk from Kings Cross &amp; St Pancras, and about 1 minute from Euston. The Northern line tube at Euston means you can be in Oxford Street or Leicester square ten minutes after leaving the hotel. The neighbourhood is fine too, the Hilton Hotel being on the other side of the street, and there is a Premier inn just a little way around the corner (Although it`s twice the price and doesn`t include breakfast).If you are a genuine budget traveller who knows that you get what you pay for, then you will have no problems at all staying here. If you are the kind of person who finds Travelodge or Ibis to be downmarket then you want the Hilton over the road.	
Nov 6 2009 	cheap clean and funny	as a traveller from abroad i must say this hotel has certain qualities of the same kind as london tube, double-deckers and fish and chips wrapped in news papers. first you are a bit shocked how worn-out everything is, but the longer you stay the stronge you go under its charm. very good for its price. we had very small but clean room, clean bed clothes every day. all the facilities were clean. breakfast was very &quot;english&quot; - as it was supposed to be - maybe even too much, all the saussages, bacon, beans.... we would appreciate youghurt. town transport very close, very close to the center.the only thing i found annoying was that you enter your room right from the common corridor, so if unlucky of neighbours the room can be a bit noisy.i would return here if i travelled to london again.	
Sep 16 2009 	old and smelly..	My boyfriend and I have been in London for 3 days and 2 nights and we have been in County hotel.. the hotel is very close to the centre of the city (very near to British Museum) and it's well served by the tube and buses.. and this is the best (and only) quality of this hotel!the hotel is old, smelly and very very fatiscent! the room (we were at 6th floor!!) was small, and there are no service inside the room, just a very little washbasin were you should wash your hands..but it's pretty impossible!the windows are so dirty that you can't look trough!the bed linen was clean, but the pillow was very very dirty and smelly! I could'nt use it!!!the bath was not too bad, it was clean and essential even if there are no washbasin so when you go to the wc you have to come back to the room for wash your hands! foolish!we were lucky because we were the only user of this bathroom! but i won't imagine when there are people of 4 rooms using it!the breakfast is simple, essential and not too bad..Finally I think I won't come back again..and of course there's something better!	
Sep 5 2009 	County Hotel - Count us out	There may be worse hotels in the Greater London area, but you will have great difficulty in finding one. Problems included dirty surroundings, a lift which smelt of urine. harsh lighting, communal bathrooms, poor service from staff. All in all an experience you would want to forget as soon as possible. The best feature of our stay was that it was only for one night. Not an experience we would want to repeat in a hurry. We did not stay for breakfast, after an uninvited visitor to our room, who could not be discerned to be a member of staff or of the public,as when I screamed in horror they beat a fast retreat. We rushed out of the establishment as fast as possible, absolutely horrified.	
Aug 4 2009 	Its not that bad!	I stayed here for one night with a friend and I do not think it is as bad as others said!Its a budget hotel! Its old fashioned and in need of a paint job but it was clean and the Buffet breakfast was very good! I saw the chef comein several times and replenish the food.You do have shared bathrooms but the showers were certainly powerful!You get what you pay for and its no frills but if you just want somewhere central to put your head down then you could do a lot worse!The porters were rather abrubt though and it is in a time warp. Also, ask for a room at the back as the traffic can be a bit noisy!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great little find - cheap 	This cheap &amp; cheerfull hotel is extremely well situated near Euston Station &amp; other well known landmarks ie British Museum. The staff were friendly &amp; the price was nice. The room itself was basic &amp; included a small tv, a kettle etc &amp; it was very clean. I would definately recommend this hotel &amp; I hope it remains as is for a while yet.Any &quot;upgrades&quot; to the hotel will result in higher prices being charged. Its not the Ritz Hotel but it definately cuts the mustard.	
Aug 3 2009 	Avoid this place at all cost!	The County Hotel in London is the most miserable place I've ever seen... Me and my partner are budget travellers and we've been to London loads of times, but no hotel or hostel we've ever stayed at prepared us for this... The reception area is a dark and gloomy hole, with dirty carpet and a low grey broken ceiling. The whole place feels like a prison... Our room was on the third floor, and above the door was a terribly dusty and dirty grid. The room is lit by fluorescent tubes, making for a atmosphere as far away from cosy as you could possibly imagine. There were several locks on the door, increasing the feeling of unsafety. The TV was from the 1980s and everything else in the room was broken. We half expected to find a dead body in the wardrobe. As soon as we entered the room we went down again to cancel the other nights we'd booked at this terrible place. Fortunately this was no problem, in fact the staff hardly seemed surprised when I told them we thought the hotel was terrible. We hardly slept there. At 8:30 a most unfriendly cleaning woman kept knocking with her keys on our door and trying to push it open. Fortunately; we'd locked the door! We didn't bother staying for breakfast but from what I read here we didn't miss out on anything. Don't go to this hotel, if you want cheap accomodation in London, try on of the EasyHotels...Their rooms only cost half as the County's and they're ensuite, clean and modern!	
Jul 25 2009 	Me and my grandson at the County..wish we'd gone elsewhere	I didn't think hotels like this existed anymore!! From the seedy, dirty, paper strewn reception to the even seedier Concierge desk this plac.e is just dreadful.I had a 5 year old with me so couldn't just move around and find somewhere else.It's grotty, miserable, dropping to pieces and depressing. Staff are not interested and in short supply. My room was a disgrace....budget or not, nothing should be this bad.STEER CLEAR...cheap rooms, well, even for cheap this was 100% over charging.	
Jul 25 2009 	You get what you pay for.	I stayed here over night for 1 night this week as everything was last minute. Im used to quite fancy places as a rule, so i expected the worst.The price was £43 for a single for 1 night including breakfast.(doubles/twins £56)The staff at reception were fins and i checked in ok and found my room on the first floor.the room is nothing at all to write about, just a bed a small tv wardrobe, chair and a sink. but it was clean, i checked the bed and that was clean.its not the place you would want to be in your room too long, just a place to crash.the room had strip flourecent lighting, which is very odd.The breakfast was surprisingly ok, a full on english breakfast with all the things you would expect to find.my over all verdict would be, its great for a short time or just to crash out.bear in mind, also, that its quite central london and at the price its a steal.what do people expect for that price?? most hotels start around £80 upwards in that area. people need to get real, at this hotel you do get what you pay for, and at that price for a short time, i have no complaints.	
Jul 23 2009 	Cheap for London	The County Hotel is one of those seedy hotels you are either going to love or hate. Its got a lot of character even though the paint is peeling off the walls and there is a strange smell in the air. I paid about £40 per night which is not bad. You don't get much for that. The rooms are cramped, the beds are lumpy and if you want a wash you will have to walk down one of those spooky corridors that looks like something out of The Shining! The showers are actually worth the effort. The County hotel is in a pretty good location. I found it really useful for catching the Eurostar to Brussels (ten minute walk). Its also in a great location to visit the British Museum and there is a Tube Station at Euston, which is just a hop across the road. From there its only a couple of stops to the centre of London.	
Jul 8 2009 	Jeepers!!! Stay Away From Here	I understand, and also need to budget when traveling but listen,some places are better off closed and this hole is one of themI’m not a snob but this hotel is horrible, the so called budget price isn’t relevant to the grubby, sticky battered rooms, lifts, bar, and just about any other part of this place you happen to walk into.Anybody thinking this place is value for money needs a reality check as you can get better cleaner places for just a few pounds more without breaking the bank. Don’t be fooled by the pictures from the website I can assure you it doesn’t look like them now!Anybody with military back ground think back to the block rooms and toilets of a 1950s barracksAnd there you go, that’s the County hotel (without the spit and polish)If you think I’m being harsh then fair enough, but you have now been warned and I’m telling you like it is. I was so disappointed when we walked into the place but it had already been paid for....I can assure you if It hadn’t had been paid for up front I would not have stayedMarks out of 10 ..........3......... and that’s only because the porter was the only helpful person there.I have found other user reviews and I cannot believe what I read when they give it a good score what on earth are they on? you cannot justify dirt and no cleaning regarless of costIf you’re going to London to see a show or whatever why ruin your trip for the sake of saving a few pounds. Im Sorry County Hotel but you need to sort this place out big time heres one example of many....just go and look at the carpet in the bar by the window and tell me im wrong!I Recommend that everybody stays away from this place and find another hotelI only wish id checked the reviews when my mate told me hed booked it	
Jul 2 2009 	In need of change	First the positives. The hotel is easy access from Euston station and compared to many hotels in London it comes out relatively cheap. Been racking my brain trying to think of other things but haven't come up with any.The facilites are miserable. The door to my room looked as though it had been kicked in and was flimsy. Felt a bit doubtful about leaving anything in the room. The room itself can best be described as basic. The shared toilets and showers are archaic. There seemed to be a constant stream of laundy packed around the corridors.Breakfast was grotty and the crockery and cutlery had all seen better days and were grubby. I don't think it was the age of the knife that prevented me cutting into the sausages; it was more that they seemed to have a closer connection to leather than meat.The staff gave the impression that they would rather be anywhere else than in the hotel and the attitude to guests was that we were a bit in the way rather than the reasons why they were in work.Overall this place needs to improve both in terms of its customer care and the quality and range of its facilities. Not the worse place I have stopped at but closer to that end of the scale than the other.	
Jun 30 2009 	Don't even think about it!	I've stayed in much cleaner and certainly more pleasant youth hostels for half the price. The place was filthy and the staff were rude and unhelpful. Stay full clear of the place.	
Apr 29 2009	Simple cheap and conveniently located	The hotel is very simple and completely tasteless, but it is cheap, clean and conveniently located. Even the shared bathrooms were always available, clean and had hot water. Also, the breakfast were very good.	
Apr 28 2009 	What a BUDGET "" find""	The hotel was built in the 1930's and is in mint condition. All the rooms have shared baths tub /great shower head with hot water that are very clean and convenient to the rooms. For £ 43 per nite (( sing)) incl a fab full english buffet brakfast it's a great deal.And I might add that the location from Heathrow via the Picadilly line off at Russell Sq is Soooooo nice. And it's close to EVERYTHING !! Oh yeah and the pub attached has great cheap daily food lunch and dinner but your on your own for Sat and Sun ( they off )Superb bus connections Euston Station Cambden Mkt,....	
Apr 26 2009 	Not the nicest place!	Immediately as I walked through the door into this hotel I realised that I had made a mistake in booking a room here! I wasn't expecting much for £43 per night, but even at that price I was rather disappointed. All I was expecting was a clean room with friendly staff, but this was too much to ask for from County Hotel.After waiting 15 minutes to check in (there was someone in front of me making a complaint (!), and only one person on reception), I was rudely informed that I had mispelt my own surname when making the booking (which I obviously hadn't)! Eventually I managed to check in and was given a room on the 4th floor. The room was small, with a TV that did not have a remote, a wash basin and a small cupboard with some empty spirit bottles that someone had obviously left behind and the cleaners not taken away!In the morning I was prompty woken up by a cleaner who entered my room immediately after knocking giving me no time to speak (!) which was then followed by an interrogation into what time I would be leaving so that she could &quot;clean&quot; the room.The rooms were not clean (by any stretch of imagination), and neither were the communal areas, including the main reception area, bathrooms, stairwells, and dining room. Not only did nothing look clean but you could actually physically pick up the dirt!Even for £43 pn this is a disappointing hotel and not good value for money, despite the location.	
Apr 21 2009 	Rude Staff Dirty Places No Sleep!	I stayed here as a stopover before an early morning coach tour to Europe as it was cheaper than the one the tour company suggested. Location was perfect for what I wanted, and at a price I could afford.I arrived before check-in, and was told by the ?Spanish receptionist to take my bag to the porter and check in later. She didn't even want to see any documents to check I did actually have a reservation (I'm now thinking &quot;Free Left Luggage in London!&quot;). Room was tiny, and so loud! I overlooked the main road which is busy all night, so didn't sleep at all! Plus, there were banging doors all night, presumably because of the bathrooms along the corridor.Bathrooms and corridors were acceptable until I found a dirty plate festering away next to the lifts! Bathroom light didn't work either so had to walk to get to one that did.I would recommend it, only as a stop-over for the tours, it's nearly £30 cheaper than one the company recommends and it's only a 5 minute walk from where the tours starts.	
Mar 24 2009 	You get what you pay for	The location of this hotel is very convenient for those arriving at Kings Cross, St Pancras, or Euston stations, and is very centrally situated in the Bloomsbury area of London, near the British Museum. It is very reasonably priced by London standards, which compensates for its shortcomings (in my view). The main limitation is that WCs and shower/bathrooms are shared, which means that they are not always terribly hygenic, although they are serviced and cleaned every day. The single room I stayed in was clean enough, but very tatty, and, like the whole hotel, badly in need of refurbishing and decorating. The breakfasts provided a reasonable choice of cereals, fried foods, etc. Staff are not particularly helpful or friendly, although I think that is not unusual for London hotels. The porters were particularly surly, and the serving staff in the restaurant not much better. I think that the hotel does offer reasonable value for money, and is OK if you just look on the hotel as a roof over your head while visiting the exciting city of London.	
Mar 8 2009 	sleeping in a morgue would be better!!	i booked this place as my girlfiriend and i were coming down to london for three days and we were on a budget. as you walk into the hotel, and i use the hotel in its loosest terms - the dullness and grime in the place hits you straight away. the lobby is in desparate need of a lick of paint maybe even a replastering and the carpet has less thread on it than duncan goodhew. the rooms, what can one say about the rooms, i am sure the rooms in strangeways or any other prison are better and would seem like luxury. again the carpets were threadbare, the sheets although clean looked like they hadn't been replaced in 30 years. on closing the door you are greeted by the worlds fastest closing door which slams with the force of a one megaton atom bomb!! the walls shake as it closes, guests can here every door close in the entire hotel. The shared bathroom was basic to say the least, urine stained tiles were all around the toilet area and the showers had certainly seen better days, the 1950's come to mind. i had the unfortunate punishment of being ill while i was in london and spending a full evening in my prison cell of a room, all i can say is dirt, you just had the impression that everything was dingey and dirty. the hotel from basement to roof is in need of a serious makeover. it is located just a few yards away from where the tavistock bus bomb went off a few years ago, and much as that was a terrible incident and a crime it was a shame it did not damage this hotel as it is in dire need of a refurb!!!!the plus points and this is scraping the barrel is its location, good for tube and mainline stations. if you are on a budget, choose a youth hostel or a premier inn instead as this place is trully poor and a crime against &quot;hotels&quot;	
Jan 28 2009 	Fair enough	Stayed Nov 08 - third time I have used it. Brilliant/the Ritz it is not - quite adequate for the price and location it certainly is. Single room, shared bathroom and WC. A handy place and (if you are into hypersaturated fats) no doubt adequate fry-up breakfast that will see you through much of the day. Spotless linen (not sure about the carpet though), WC likewise.The (new) receptionist was more used to giving orders than taking them. That might be a consideration for a fourth stay.	
Jan 4 2009 	Fine if you don't spend much time there	If you just want somewhere to sleep and more cash for the shops then this is ok. Our room was clean including the beds. The communal showers and loos were also clean. The staff are very unhelpful so we ot all our info from tourist information. The whole place does have a musty smell and is all very old. From talking to another guest I found out this used to be student accomodation and it is as if the students have left yesterday. Should be a hostel rather than a hotel.Breakfast good with lots of choice. Overall clean and cheap but if you want to spend anytime here book the Travelodge opposite which looked nice	
Dec 29 2008	Just say NO to the County Hotel	The County Hotel is a wretched establishment. It is far dirtier, less organized, less friendly and less spacious than most of the HOSTELS (not hotels, mind you) that I stayed at in Europe! At least most hostel staff attempt to make you feel welcome, and don't act as if your presence is an irksome mistake. I felt consistently uncomfortable and unwanted at the County, and tried to spend as little time as I could in my room or the bleak and dingy lobby. I did not choose to stay at this hotel. Rather, the school at which I was studying (located in continental Europe) booked us rooms for an academic excursion in London. They even paid for English breakfasts for all of us! It would have been better if they had sprung for clean bedclothes. The breakfast included greasy eggs, mealy sausages, and other ghastly edibles. I should note that the Continental options were agreeable - especially the muesli. I stuck to the safety of cold grains and fruit, rather than risk the shimmering threat of the hot breakfast. Another unpleasant surprise came when I first walked into my room. With the proportions of a ship's cabin (on the lowest deck), a view of a back alley and a rickety bunk bed, this space did not so much beckon as glare at me. The stained sheets (the comforter had something crusted on it) and the harsh lights did nothing to allay my discomfort. Having a sink in the room is convenient, but the communal bathroom is not. And if you accidentally lock yourself out, good luck trying to get the porter to help you! They treated me and my peers with undisguised disdain and sometimes even scorn. One wonders why these people decided to enter the hotel business.	
Nov 13 2008	Don't do it	I have stayed at many low-cost ho(s)tels and had no expectations, but it was the worst place I have ever stayed in...filthy, noisy inside the hotel due to &quot;doors&quot; and even worse the streetnoise, cold as heating stopped in the night, lavabo clogged, breakfas decent choice but depressing atmosphere and not tasty...do yourself a favour and don't stay there!	
Nov 4 2008 	Shabby 	I spent 4 nights at this hotel. I didnt expect much and thats what I got. If you were to spend one, maybe two nights in London and were just looking for somewhere to rest your head at night, Id say that this hotel was adequate, any more than that and you might start to go a little stir crazy. The room was tiny, the bed was ok and the linen clean but the pillows were paper thin, the room badly needed a coat to paint to freshen it up. The bathrooms were dingey and werent cleaned at night. The bar seemed ok, the prices were very cheap but it closed at 11 each night and was closed all day Sunday. The breakfast was reasonable except for the toast which was left on the hot buffet and went all soggy. The staff were polite but not very welcoming, didnt smile or say hello. On the whole, I wouldnt go back to this hotel unless my budget was very tight and had no other option.	
Sep 29 2008 	Hotel in the loosest sense of the word!	I made the mistake of staying in The County Hotel five years ago. Back then I vowed never to darken its door again. The weekend just past I repeated that terrible mistake. Four weeks ago I spent four wonderful days in London staying at the near by Ibis at Euston (great hotel at a good price). Then the opportunity came up of an impromptu trip but with budget constraints. This was my reasoning for parting with £84 of my hard earned cash for a room for two nights in this god forsaken dump. As you turn on to Woburn Place from Euston Road the foreboding gloom of the County hits you on the street, even the front of the building is grimy and the windows are quite possibly the dirtiest in London. As you force your way through the revolving door you are met with a large brown lobby which sets the tone for the rest of the building namely unwelcoming and inhospitable. When was this place last given a lick of paint? Check in was fairly efficient and the receptionist friendly enough. I was given my key to my cell. Cells consist of a bed, a small portable television without a remote control. A sink as there are shared bathrooms on every floor. (1 bathroom for every four bedrooms) However, the toilets are separate again to the bathroom. An uncomfortable bed with two pillows with the softness of two lumps of lead. The bed side light is a strip light which is harsh and actually brighter than he main ceiling light. I might add that the sheets appeared clean and they seem to be changed daily. Needless to say I spent two sleepless nights. The uncomfortable bed was compounded by the fact that the walls are paper thin and as no room has a bathroom there is constant flow of bedroom doors opening and closing and bathroom doors opening and closing and the sound of toilets flushing. This cacophony of doors slamming is at its height late at night as people go to bed and early in the morning. It really does not make for a restful nights sleep after a busy day of sightseeing in London. I must admit that I did not shower for the two days of my stay. I couldn’t bring myself to use the bathroom facilities. The bathroom closest to my cell had three soiled towels on the floor – enough to put me off. Nor did I make use of the dinning room, despite the fact that my £84 was for bed and breakfast. I was put off by the fact that beside the kettle in my cell was a sachet of milk that was covered in some indistinguishable grim. The only modern additions to this “hotel” are an internet terminal in the reception which when I inserted the required £1 coin failed to connect to the net. Also there is a mobile phone charging cabinet which had enough leads cables to be able to charge any model of mobile. I didn’t make use of it.I have stayed in hostels and budget hotels they had similar basic facilities but the difference was they the were spotlessly clean where as the County is just grimy and the impression given is that the staff get away with the bare minimum in terms of house keeping. The only people that would be comfortable in this dump would be people who are happy with ***** (5 letter word beginning with S)	
Sep 13 2008 	Wouldn't go again.	My husband and I stayed at the County Hotel on 16/17th September, we found the hotel quite easily with the directions supplied.I am in a wheelchair but it was not too big an obstacle to get in.Booking in was quickly done and we received our room key from the porter who was a very travelled Australian,a lift up to the 1st floor to an exceptionally smoky room despite having requested a room that was a non smoking one!!whoever had been in before must have very bad lungs and coughing his guts up by now!!! first thing we did was open the window and get the porter to spray the room with air freshener which was effective for all of 5 minutes! We had it sprayed many times but it remained smoky even with the window open! The room was basic but quite clean.Breakfast was good to be quite honest as there was a very good selection of food and as much as you wanted,the waiters/waitresses were very friendly and helpful,couldn't fault the food at all, very clean overall in the dining room.Drawback for me was the lack of ensuite facility!One warning!! Don't book a taxi with the hotel porter as you will get ripped off!!instead just go outside and get a black cab at less than half the price!! we were horrendously overcharged and the driver used a satnav to direct him!!!this is not so with true taxi drivers in London as they have the 'knowledge training'	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Value	This place is not as bad as some of the review suggest. The staff was friendly, the bathrooms (shared) were spotless and though the hotel did have a mothball smell, it was clean. The biggest advantages are obviously it's great location and that it's just a little over half the cost of the other budget hotels in the area. If you don't like it, it is surrounded on every side by much nicer (and more expensive) venues. If you only need your room to sleep, shower, and store you're things, it's perfect.	
Aug 17 2008 	Better than expected	Having read all the reviews about the hotel before booking (for 3 nights), I was pleasantly surprised. Staff was most friendly and helpful, bathrooms and toilets close to the room and always free and accessible and the breakfast was all right (with a British breakfast, I expect something traditional, not exotic culinary delights, and it was exactly that, and as much as you wanted). Of course, the place is basic and rather run down, but it was reasonably clean, and after all, what do you expect at that price in Central London? The location is just perfect.	
Jul 27 2008 	Pray There Isn't A Fire!	Very basic, but incredibly cheap for Central London (five minutes walk from Euston Station). Room about the size of a prison cell, and bed rather less comfortable. Toilets and bathrooms are shared between several rooms.Biggest problem came with a late night fire alarm. There are no fire notices in the rooms (is this legal?), so guests had no idea of evacuation procedure, where to assemble etc. Consequently we all stood around directly outside the entrance of what could have been a burning building. There didn't seem to be any staff on hand to help or guide until more than five minutes after the alarm sounded. A far from impressive performance.The English breakfast is okay, but very limited for vegetarians (eggs and baked beans).	
Jul 18 2008 	be careful	A bit basic but ok, but i dont think i would stay there again,good for getting around on the tube,easy to find ,the room was very basic,the shared toilet and shower wasnt ideal but ok, the sheets were cleaned everyday as were the towels.breakfast was abit dodgy,be very careful of what you eat.	
Jun 29 2008 	ITS A DISGRACE!!	We stayed here for one night only, thank goodness, for Nelson Mandela's Birthday Concert, Hyde Park 27/06/08. It was cheap, so we weren't expecting much....we have both spent boozy weekends in dives in Blackpool and don't mind roughing it a bit on occaision. This hotel is A DISGRACE...the toilets are dirty, old and inhospitable, no wash basin to wash hands before returning to the bedroom. The corridors are high ceilinged, grubby,cold and creepy. The fixtures and fittings are old, and unsafe. The windows in our 4th floor room had no locks or fasteners and opened wide onto a sheer drop...DO NOT BRING YOUR YOUNG CHILDREN HERE!!The breakfast was rancid, only the cornflakes were edible, the waiters were oppressive,especially the doorman who acted like an extra from Tenko. The dining experience was possibly similar to eating in a victorian workhouse, but with serviettes and plastic flowers and a superficial resemblence to a hotel....you could eat as much as you wanted but the eggs for example at first looked double yolked but on examination were probably pidgeons and inedible, stomach churning!!! We were exhausted and elated after the concert and so we did sleep but woke up at 6 am to the sound of doors slamming, police sirens and church bells. The thought that anyone would book in here looking for a place to unwind after a busy day sightseeing, possibly with the idea that this is indicative of English Hospitality filled us with horror!!!Unless you are blissfully unconcerned about your environment, the safety of your children, the origins of your breakfast, a sadomasochist, or a very poor backpacker then don't stop here...PAY ANOTHER £20-30 per person AND ENJOY YOUR BUDGET HOLIDAY at a travel lodge, novotel or premier inn.	
Jun 12 2008 	you get what you pay for	During our 2 night stay at the County, we didn't have any huge complaints but felt that the entire hotel is old and in disrepair. The nearby hostel we stayed at prior to the County was in many ways nicer than this hotel. The whole place smelled weird and the decor was all very old and shabby. Our room didn't have any problems except being old and shabby just like everything else. It was reasonably clean but the carpets, curtains, and bedspread all looked dirty. The bed sheets and towels were clean though. We hardly spent any time in our room as we were out sightseeing all day every day, and as a place to sleep it was sufficient. The shared bathroom facilities were clean enough and functional. The great location is probably the best thing about the hotel. As far as staff, some were helpful while others were not. The receptionist at check in didn't show the slightest hint of interest or friendliness, but the porter who helped us arrange an early morning taxi to the train station and wake-up call was very helpful. If you are looking for a place with any amount of character or charm, then the County is not for you. But, if all you need is a cheap place to sleep at night then the County might be a good option.	
Jun 12 2008 	The negative reviews are false.	After reading some of the negative reviews, we were a bit nervous about staying here, but our fears were unfounded, this place was perfect for us. The location is very central; some days we just walked to the attractions rather than take the tube. The English breakfast buffet was most generous we had in our three weeks of traveling Europe, there were eggs, toast, beans, sausage, and bacon, and if you're not into that, there are also cereal, juice, and tea. The &quot;seasoned travelers&quot; who wrote a negative review clearly need some more seasoning: Sure, this isn't the Four Seasons, but I've stayed at lots of hostels in North and South America, and the County Hotel beats them easily. There were indeed real showers, but who cares? If you go to ANY hotel in the US, even a nice one, you are going to end up standing in a tub. We also found the staff to be very friendly.Yes, the doors do seem to slam pretty loud, but you only hear your own neighbor's door. You should also hang out the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign before you go to bed, because the cleaning staff starts early. But these are just minor complaints, for the price and the location, the County Hotel cannot be beat.	
Jun 1 2008 	Worst hotel experience ever........	HelloI wish to feedback to you my experience of staying at the County on May 30/31.I booked a twin rooom supposedly with a bath and English Breakfast. When I checked in I was told TOURICO HOLIDAYS -my booking agent - only provide Continental Breakfast. The receptionist said she would call TOURICO to confirm and get back to me to clarify which she never did.Our room did not have a bath or WC despite booking reference clearly stating it should have on the printout I gave to the receptionist.The public WC's were disgusting and were decorated with the contents of someone's poorly stomach.At breakfast the &quot;Restaurant Manager&quot; was very surly and unwelcoming. All he could say was &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot;. The toast had mould on it and the &quot;Chef&quot; had a stand up row with a waiter in front of all the customers.All in all a very poor experience. The staff were very and the receptionist showed a total lack of integrity.I felt embarassed on behalf of all the foreign visitors who will have received a negative impression of our fine capital city.Ben Ackroyd	
Apr 30 2008	County Hotel	The County Hotel was a big surprise as it is cheap for London, and the fact that all the bathrooms are shared. The staff were very pleasant and polite. The rooms were very clean,as was the bedding, I've been in dearer hotels that have not been as clean. The shared facilities were clean and the shower worked wonderfully well.We had booked a full breakfast and were very pleased. It was a buffet breakfast and you could help yourself to as much or as little as you wanted. It was all well cooked and very tastety.All in all a BIG thumbs up for The County Hotel. Just try and and ask for a room at the back if you don't like traffick noise!	
Apr 13 2008 	Breakfast great but don't eat the rolls	The rooms are small but reasonably clean, but be aware that the road outside &quot;never sleeps&quot; so if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room at the back to aovid the traffic noise. The only disgruntlement I had was that a male guest chose to use the bathroom in the mornings without troubling to close the door first but that was a very minor complaint. I was quite impressed with the breakfast served despite being warned not to expect too much. I'd love to know what the building was used for prior to being a hotel - a nurse's halls of residence, perhaps? (My friend suggested a pyschiatric home!) You get what you pay for but if the hotel management/owners looked at the building's features/potential and restored it sympathetically, adding en suite rooms, they could command a much higher room rate than they currently do. Just my opinion though. Heigh-ho.	
Mar 31 2008	Filthy filthy filthy.	Imperial Hotels, the operators of the County, say that they have been providing accommodation since 1857. That was also probably the last time their property was thoroughly cleaned. In the course of a five-night stay I asked to be moved twice (the only time I have made such a request in more than a quarter-century of travel across all five continents) and can confirm that the rooms are uniformly squalid and unappealing. The leaking Victorian casement windows, most of which can't be fully closed, admit both wind and rain. Horizontal surfaces are covered with a millimetre-thick layer of black street dust. The carpets, I am given to understand, were laid in the 1970s. If you risk the breakfast, you are apt to find the debris of the previous day's meal adhering to the plates. Ironically, the communal bathrooms and showers are probably the cleanest parts of the house.The County is conveniently located--Euston Station is 150 m to the north--and, by London standards at any rate, economically priced. Those are, however, the only things that can be said in its favour.	
Mar 29 2008	good value	my sister and i stayed at this hotel for two nights in march 2008. i wasnt expecting much having read the reviews and to be honest i think i got what i paid for. if i wanted more i would have paid more and stayed somewhere else. the bed was comfy and the breakfast was great. it does need work done to it but the staff were friendly and the room was clean. yes this place does need some love and attention given to it to restore it to a potentially great hotel but for what you pay it was fine. if all you require is a bed to sleep in at a cheap price then this is what you will get.	
Mar 23 2008	wow what a hotel	I stayed in this hotel knowing that it was a budget hotel. At the time of booking this hotel i afterwards read other peoples comments and was very concerned but then i went with the attitude that i will not be spending alot of time in the room or hotel. Ok the room is dated and small but the staff are more than friendly and always there to help. The porters got used to me straight away and i did not even need to say my key number. The breakfast was excellent every morning. Who goes to london to stay in their room? I literally woke up in the morning showered eat my breakfast and left and came back at 11 oclock at night. Very centrally located for all places with the tube. Do not be put off by other peoples comments. If they want a better hotel they should go for a four star hotel. I was very concerned having no bathroom facilities in my room but i had no problems at all with the shared bathrooms. They were always clean with toilet paper and on the last morning by mistake i even found a shower cubicle on my floor. There are plenty of toilets and bathrooms on each floor. On only one occasion i met someone in the corridor in the morning. I would definetely recommend the hotel to anyone who would like to stay in central london. Always ask for a room on the back of the hotel as it is very quiet at night.Michelle Farrugia (Malta)	
Feb 4 2008 	Read This If You Are Staying At The County Hotel Euston	My friend and I were looking for a hotel which was close to Camden for a weekend of shopping and going out in the evenings. I stayed at this hotel from 1st - 3rd Feb 2008. If you are looking for relaxing romantic eveninigs soaking in a private bubble bath then this is not the hotel for you, but if you want somewhere cheap to leave your belongings, shower and sleep then this hotel is perfect. The staff on reception were effecient and check in was very simple. We obtained the key to the room form the porter and went up to an averaged sized twin room. On first glace it seems very sparse, but everything we needed was there. There was two quite comfy beds, each with fresh sheets and blankets and two pillows. There were extra blankets in the drawerss which we didn't use. At the front of the room was a sink and some little soaps, drawers, towels, a small kettle, tea and coffee and spoons etc, a TV and some leaflets about the area. The radiator was lovely and warm and the wardrobes has hangers in them. The room overlooked the main street and traffic could be heard whether the window was open or not - but it wasn't very loud and definately did not disturb me sleeping! The rooms were pretty clean - jut a little dust in some of the cracks and behind the radiator. The shower rooms were literally 3 steps away on the other side of the corridor and I didn't see another person use them the whoel time I was there despite the hotel being rather busy. They were sparse but the water was hot and they were kept clean. Between the four rooms at the end of our corridor was two showers and three loos, all lockable. Breakfast surprised me as I wasn't expecting much for £51 per night for two people! There was a huge selection of sausgaes, tomatoes, bacon, two types of egg, toast, rolls, butter, jams, marmalades, fruit, and lots of different cereral as well as fruit juices, teas and coffees. There were also alot of attentive members of staff at breakfast too. The key had to be left with reception whenever we left the hotel, but that was no problem. The porters were very effecient, even at 3am when we came in from a night out and asked him to point us in the nearest place that sold food! It took us eight minutes to walk back from Camden and about five minutes to get to Kings Cross - the location was brilliant, just accross the road from Euston tube/ train station and down the road from Euston Square staion. The hotel was generally very quiet despite it being quite full. I'd stay there again in a shot. It may not be luxury but it certainly was value for money.	
Jan 4 2008	DON`T GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!	The Hotel is a total disaster.. Nothing works, there are NO showers, you have to stand in a dirty bathtub, the people work there are totally unhelpful and a shame to the human race...I´ll rather recommend bying a sleepingbag and sleep whit the bums in the parks..I´m NOT kidding, don´t [--] go to County Hotel, you will be dissapointed..	
Nov 21 2007 	Great price....nasty hotel	I have stayed here twice. I will not make the same mistake again.This hotel has admittedly great prices. £41 for a single. But admittedly these prices are because the hotel hasn't been renovated since what seems like the 1960s and so it's a cash cow. The rooms are basic, which is fine, but they are also nasty - the TV is bolted to the desk, you can only switch it on from a separate light switch for some strange reason. There always seemed to be something broken - the first time I stayed, the phone did not work, and the bathroom light in the shared bathroom did not work. The second time, the bedlight in the room did not work, and the bathroom light again...It is REALLY hard to sleep well here. The windows are single glazed, and avoid the rooms on the main road like the plague, or the rush hour traffic at 6-7am will wake you up. Also, every door has a 'slam shut' function and the walls are really this, so every time someone leaves their room is like a bomb going off next to you.There are also no proper showers. You have to stand in a bath. The floors in the bathroom are rotting linoleum. The place is ludicrously overheated in the winter.The one positive thing about the hotel is breakfast....and price. If you can afford more, though, go somewhere else. I certainly will.	
Sep 22 2007	come on it's not that bad!!	For £41 a night, and being a 2-minute walk from Euston station, you simply are never going to do better than the County Hotel, unless you have a friend offering you free lodging! It's clean enough, well-guarded enough, the breakfast is not bad, rooms have TVs, the bath, toilet &amp; showers are clean. I frankly have no idea what these other people were expecting for this location at this price. The only complaint I have is that the walls are a bit thin, and because the rooms are close to each other, whenever anyone closes the bedroom or bathroom door, it is like a small crash in your room each time. But you get used to it. And while there may be a few dodgy characters about, it's nothing at all like the brothel or drug den that these earlier reviews suggest. I highly recommend it if you need to be in central London on a budget.	
Sep 4 2007 	Become a time-traveller!	My rating is based on expectations at this price. For £41 single or £53 double in an excellent location in central London, one doesn't expect much! It will just about get you a room in a very shabby B&amp;B. At the County, you are staying in a purpose built hotel albeit one which is nearly 70 years old and which, apart from an occasional lick of paint, seems to have been undisturbed since. The experience is a bit like going through a time warp. The rooms are small clean but not en-suite. However, I never had to wait to get access to a bathroom. The plumbing was old-fashioned but the showers were powerful. The signs around the hotel seemed to be 1930s originals. The bar offers a glimpse London pubs as they used to be. Even the bar prices seemed several years out of date!Breakfast was traditional and substantial. Porters, receptionists and bar staff were polite and helpful.OK the place is in urgent need of refurbishment but, if you know of anywhere else in central London in this price-range whose directory of room services still includes (at extra charge) breakfast room service, babysitting and the internal extension of the hotel florist, I'd love to hear about it.If the Imperial chain ever decided to spend a bit on restoration they could probably re-package the County as a &quot;retro-experience&quot; and double its rates!	
Aug 15 2007 	Terrible - Stay somewhere else!	This is the worst place I have ever stayed in! And that is comparing it to hostels as well as hotels. To be fair you can’t expect too much for the price of this hotel but I was hoping it would at least be clean and hospitable.The staff were incredibly rude and unhelpful. When checking in we were basically told that the receptionist had better things to be doing and to hurry up. The shared bathrooms were dirty and it was expected that we use the towels already in the communal areas so had not been supplied with personal ones. Breakfast was awful with stale bread and gone off milk.I have stayed in other hotels in the Imperial chain before and have never had any problems so I was surprised at how bad the service was here.If you need a cheap place to stay in London I would advise staying in a hostel over this hotel or finding another similarly priced hotel. It was if they were trying their hardest to make this the most unpleasant experience possible.	
Aug 15 2007 	AWFUL	This hotel was truly terrible. When we booked we realised it was a budget hotel and as we are two experienced travellers perfectly used to hostels we were expecting cheap and cheerful but nothing more. Firstly, when we arrived I said my name the receptionist who proceded to fling a yellow form at me and actually threw a biro! When I was filling in the form as fast as I could (taking roughly 60 seconds in total!) the receptionist was tapping her nails on the table ushering me along and then actually said &quot;I do have other things to do you know&quot;. My friend and I couldn't actually believe it. The porters were inoffensive in general although I certainly wouldn't call them friendly! The maid woke us up at 8:30 which seemed badly organised as we were only staying for one night and didn't need to checkout before 11, after which you would expect the maid to clean the room. The bathrooms were grimy and the hot tap became too hot to turn off after a shower scalding my hand! There were no bath towels provided in the room, just a couple of hand towels by the basin. Those provided in the bathroom we obviously didn't want to use as you can't be sure how clean they are being that the bathrooms are shared. When my friends came into the foyer after walking me back, their first words were &quot;it smells in here&quot;. After all this we weren't expecting much of a breakfast but thought there might be something edible, how wrong we were! The cooked breakfast looked worse than school dinners, the bread rolls were rock hard and stale, and the milk was off. There were more waiting staff than diners so they were fussing around us seemingly with no purpose, my friend described them as &quot;zombies&quot; which I think summed them up well. Frankly it was a horrid experience and I would never return!	
May 25 2007 	Nice Hotel	I have just returned to Manchester UK after staying for 4 nights at the County Hotel London. My room was spotlessly clean. The breakfast was lovely and the staff were friendly and helpful. Yes this hotel is budget and that is how people should treat it. For the rates that the hotel charge, one is never going to get the same facilities as a top class hotel. All I want is somewhere to sleep in a nice clean room with nice clean bedding. Which is what I had at the County Hotel. The hotel is situated near Euston Station. There is a bus stop outside the hotel, a tube station at Russell Square which is around a 5 minute walk, about the same time as the walk from Euston Station.I have stayed at the County hotel once before and was pleased with it, I have already booked for the 10th of December 2007Kathybell25/05/2007	
May 18 2007	Depressing and horrible	Fair enough, it's a cheap hotel in London, so I guess I shouldn't have expected too much, but this place is horrible! I've stayed in similarly priced places in London with better locations, and none of them have been anything like this.The staff at reception were rude and looked like they'd rather be anywhere else but there. The whole place just had this incredibly depressing vibe about it. My room was not particularly clean, and just plain ugly. The whole place needs to be renovated, badly. Nothing - furniture, curtains, blankets - seems like it's been updated or replaced (or in some cases even cleaned) for a good 40 years. The noise from the street was so horrendous it stopped me from sleeping The shared bathrooms were also an issue, being not terribly clean either and hard to access when needed with all the other people using them.Do yourself a favour, do not stay at this hotel.	
May 10 2007 	cheap and cheerful!!!	i've just discovered this hotel after staying at the regents palace aka flea pit!!! for a few years . the county is half the price of what i paid at the flea pit and that place sometimes was minging! as a regular theatre goer sometimes i want to go to the evening shows i can't unless i stop overnight in london due to me living in the midlands and no trains back.this hotel is great for me as it's a short walk from euston,and not far to the west end with great tube,bus links if i can't be bothered to walk.yeah the hotel is old fashioned,scruffy and there's no en suite but it's cheap safe and warm which will do for me. plus the brekkie is amazing after a brekkie in the hotel i very rarley eat till late at night,i've three more stays booked in the hotel so far tjhis year and there probaly be more. the only thing i'm not keen on about this hotel is the keys i'd prefer a key card but it's not a problem.plus last year when i stayed for a few days i had a clean towel and a new small bar of soap every day.i book this hotel through a british travel agency/company and it's even better value and cheaper than booking through the hotel it's self	
May 1 2007 	Where to begin!	Things started badly during our stay at the County Hotel, with one of our parties booking having been &quot;lost&quot;. I fail to understand how this can happen, but that's what we were told. After finally being allocated rooms, we eagerly anticipated a good kip after a long day on a course.The lift, in hindsight, was the best thing about the hotel, as it actually worked.The room was large enough to stick a single bed in, with a vanity unit at the end. I would hazard a guess that the Malboro cowboy had stayed in the room before me, as it stunk like someone had smoke 24-7 in there for the past 3 years. This was somewhat strange, as there was a 2 inch gap between the top of the sash window and the frame, which provided ventilation, whether you liked it or not.My colleague then knocked on my door after seeing his room, and to quote &quot;I didn't realise places like this still existed in England&quot;. I had a terrible nights sleep as the hotel is located right next door to an ambulance depot, and is on one of the main roads running through Bloomsbury. The window problem clearly accentuated the noise penetration.It is worth noting that one toilet is shared between about 8 bedrooms, so if you need the loo, it can be a frustrating time. For the blokes out there, the sink in the room is just about reachable.The breakfast was administered by a guy who looked suspiciously like Pol Pot, and ruled over the breakfast room with a similar attitude to his doppleganger. The breakfast was passable, if you like cold toast and unsually chewy sausages. Even though this hotel is cheap, you can find better alternatives at a similar price. How this place passes health and safety each year I do not know!	
Apr 16 2007 	The most 70's Hotel around!	The breakfast here is great, but aside that the rest of the hotel is a bit of a let down.I cant describe how 70s this place is, orange wool bedcovers, orange curtains, dark brown and orange carpets in the corridors etc, it was like being in Life On Mars or Rising Damp or something.We asked for a double, which was 2 single beds pushed together, which split apart and I fell down the middle just as the maid walked in, without knocking, which I found rude. We werent given a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign or anything. Anyway, what she walked in on, made her leave quickly, bwahahaha!The hotel itself as a whole really isnt too bad. Its good value, but if they just put some new carpet down, got some new curtains, beddingand furniture, maybe threw in a few double beds or king size beds, and it'd be superb.If I was really lost for choice, I'd stay there again without too much protest.	
Apr 14 2007 	decent budget choice	The County is the budget choice in the Imperial line, which has other properties along Upper Woburn. We stayed there 3 nights in a small triple with our daughter. We selected the County because of price ($71 pounds with English breakfast buffet) and location near Euston and the British Museum. The other guests were families with children, retired couples, and solo. The staff was friendly, cleaning services were prompt, and the breakfast was quite good (tea, coffee, juices, milk, cereals, fruit, rolls, toast, jams, eggs, bacon, sausage, beans, tomatoes). There is a bus stop outside the front door and a small bar in the hotel serving drafts and 3 cask ales at good prices. Food is also available for order from the bar.	
Dec 3 2006 	Good budget hotel	Stayed in this hotel for one night. We picked it basically because it was reasonable priced and was near Euston station were we were getting off train. The hotel is reasonably priced the facilities were basic but good there was a tv and tea and coffee making facilities in all the rooms. There were satety deposit boxes at reception. Staff were very friendly and you got a buffet hot breakfast consisting of bacon, sausage, egg etc. Continental breakfast was also available.	
Nov 4 2006	Sleepless Nights!	We stayed at this hotel for three nights on our honeymoon. What a mistake. I wanted to checkout the minute we went to our room. It was like a hospital room, infact i am convienced it was a mental institution or hospital some time ago. Shared bathrooms and toliets were horrible like everything else in the hotel, I felt like I was on school camp again. The bed was terrible. We rolled into the middle and could actually see the sprngs sticking out of the mattress. I actually thought the floor was more comfortable. It was close to the train and Eurostar on a positive note. We stayed out each day as long as we could so we didnt have to go back . You get what you pay for.... not very much.!I would never stay there again.	
Nov 3 2006 	Perfactly Acceptable	I've given this hotel a 4star rating not because it compares with the Hilton or even its other Imperial counterparts (its part of the Imperial chain), but because it doesn't pretend to be anything other than a cheap and cheerful hotel.I chose to stay at the County because prior to that I was staying in what was considered to be a long stay hotel (AKA a bedsit) which was truely aweful - everything about the place was foul.The staff are friendly at the County, the £40 a night includes a lovely English breakfast. The rooms are clean - but old fashioned. Equipped with TV and tea makers.The bathrooms are shared, but I can assure readers that they are clean - they are apparently cleaned every 3 hours. There's no grout, or filthy shower curtains and the showers are hot and very powerful.I've had my fair share of NASTY hotels, but the County Hotel certainly exceeded my expectations - great for those with a small budget. Would I return - yes absolutley if I were on a budget.	
Sep 19 2006 	For impecunious scholars only	If you go, make sure that you ask for a room at the back. The street in front is one of the busiest in London, with cars, taxis, coaches, buses and lorries fiercely rushing past all night. Even with the window closed, the constant noise makes it impossible to sleep.Otherwise, it is a great location for work at the British Library, with easy access from the Euston, King’s Cross and St Pancras railway stations. Until the Eurostar reaches St Pancras (2007), the hotel is in fact conveniently located for the Eurostar in Waterloo, as a No 68 or 168 bus drops you right in front of the hotel.So what you pay for is location. The rest is bad or indifferent. If you come to London to see the sights in the West End, you will find far better en-suite bargains in Bayswater if you shop around. The £40 rack rate (single, incl. English breakfast) is not negotiable and no agencies will offer a lower tariff on the Internet.The big, silent breakfast room will remind you of a monastery, just like your tiny room – and indeed the hotel is only really suitable for scholars who have work to do in the British Library or the University of London.	
May 30 2006	Very basic hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights 27th May 2006.The hotel is in a great location with easy access to tube lines from Euston, Euston square or Russell square.The rooms are basic with a comfortable bed, sink and television with a variety of channels. Although the bed sheets were clean, the cleaning of the rest of the room was not up to scratch. When we arrived there was a dead insect next to the sink and a ciggarette butt on the floor and they remained there until we left 2 days later.The rooms are not en-suite and you share a bathroom with 6 other rooms. This is an inconvenience however I was aware of this when we booked it. The toilets do not have sinks so you have to go back to the room before you can wash your hands.The reception staff were very friendly and allowed us to have an early check-in at 9.30am.The porters were rude and unhelpful. Coming back to the hotel two nights in a row we caught them sat around having a beer in reception. We were even charged 50 pence for leaving our bags with them for a couple of hours after we checked out.The decor is old fashioned and looks run-down. The public areas are dull and are badly in need of bringing up-to-date and restoring. On a positive note there was a lovely cooked breakfast which set us up for a days sightseeing. The hotel was cheap at £52 per night and it served a purpose as a base for sightseeing and somewhere to sleep. Other than that it was one of the worse hotels I have stayed in, although it did not spoil my trip to London. I would reccomend it to the budget traveller who is after no frills.	
Apr 24 2006	edwardian splendor at the county	we stayed at the county for a week last year when visiting london for the lord mayors show and although it does not have en- suite facilities the staff are very friendly and the food is good. the dinner at night is very plain -fare but the money you pay you cant buy a coffee anywhere in london for. we paid just under £4.00 for our dinners which were chops with onions, cottage pie etc. but if you go to anywhere in london central you pay that for a coffee. we are going back at least once this year.the decor is edwardian and very art deco in places especially the bathtubs but although the baths are not en-suite there are a few on every floor so you dont have to wait or queue for a bath or shower. although edwardian in places the hotel rooms and everywhere i went in the hotel was spotless i would recomend this hotel for anyone on a budget who wants value for money. after all the only time you are back at your roomm is to change for the night out or to sleep.	
Apr 4 2006 	Clean cheap generally quiet and well placed	If you consider how much you pay for this hotel I think it is great. The only thing that may put people off isthe factthat the bathroom and toilet is shared along the corridor for ALL rooms. I also did not like the factthat the only light is a flourescent tube light.I have been back here three times so far for one night stays by myself when workign in London and I will go back again.	
Sep 7 2005 	truthful review	Very basic,it is stated as a two star hotel but one star would be more in line.It is as if it has stayed untouched for about 40 years,very rowdy guests in my area,kept clean but some guests tried to flood the place leaving baths/showers running.Breakfast was very good,staff very untalkative,not many spoke good English but for a basic hotel can't complain at the price,central and next to good transport links.Hey,you only get what you pay for and as i didn't pay much it was a bargain.	
Nov 15 2009 	Uno de los peores hoteles...		
Sep 16 2009 	abbondantemente scarso		
Jul 13 2007 	Para lo que cuesta excelente		
