Oct 9 2009 	Disgusting hovel	Don't stay here- stay in a public toilet cubicle overnight and get the same experience but for free.Dirty, noisy, tiny rooms- yuk!	
Jul 15 2009 	Ok for short people	It is a 20-minute walk away from Victoria. We were greeted by a pleasant employee at the entrance. Unfortunately, there was no elevator and our room was on the 3rd floor. The room was Ok, though a bit small. However, what stood out was the small size of the bathroom. Being 1.89m tall, I found it almost impossible to turn around or sit on the toilet seat. Apart from this the room was Ok. Some people here complain about the cleanliness but that wasn`t my impression.	
Dec 13 2008 	The reviews are right. This is the worst hotel ever! Stay away!	My boyfriend booked this as a surprise for me as it is close (10 mins walk) from the Apollo Victoria where we saw Wicked.On arrival we noticed a strange musty smell but as my boyfriend had prepaid we decided to stay. Plus the lady at reception was friendly enough. On entering out room 208 we were struck by the tiny size of the room. Barely enough room to squeeze around the one side of the small double bed. The windows were old and single glazed so we had the pleasure of drunken revellers and traffic all night long.Being pregnant at present my only concern was a comfy bed and a nice bathroom. Unfortunately the Carlton had neither. The bed was rock hard, with frayed pillowcases and not at all inviting after a day walking the streets. The bathroom was a glorified cupboard. It was in effect a tiny wetroom with a showerhead almost over the toilet.We hoped that the breakfast wouldn't be as bad as expected but it was worse. The breakfast room is only open from 8am to 9am and has around 6 tables to seat 4 people. It was crammed into a small room in the basement. We went down to eat at 8.15 and the room was full so we went back to our room for 10 mins. We went down again at 8.25, 8.35 and 8.45. At 8.45 we decided to stand in the hall to wait for a table. We finally sat down to eat at 8.50 but there was no food left! We waited for 10 mins but none arrived. On the whole this is a smelly, overpriced excuse for a hotel.Please book anywhere else but the Carlton B&amp;B!	
Nov 25 2008 	Dirty and Uncomfortable Hotel	My husband and I had a horrible stay at this hotel! The room was very dirty, the &quot;coffee maker&quot; was caked with grime, the bed was extremely uncomfortable and the walls are so thin that you can hear EVERYTHING going on in the rest of the hotel, all hours of the night. The &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; consisted of dry cereal, instant coffee and toast in a small room downstairs with about 5 or 6 tables (not nearly enough to accomodate all guests) that were not wiped clean from the other guests who ate there. We even missed breakfast one morning because there was not enough room for us to sit anywhere. Last but not least, the bathroom floor flooded with water whenever we took a shower because there was not adequate drainage nor a &quot;lip&quot; to contain the water .	
Apr 4 2008 	unbelievably awful	I read the TripAdvisor reviews of this hotel before booking and, having travelled extensively staying in hostels, dismissed the complaints as the typical whining of tourists expecting 5-star treatment for 2-star prices. I can put up with a bit of dirt and cramped quarters if it's central and cheap, and who spends that much time in their room anyway?Please read all these reviews and believe what is said about the negative aspects of this place because it is true, and more. Our room was on the top floor (room 220) and not only were the sheets stained and the mattress mildewed all down the side, but the carpets were filthy and frayed, there was long black hair in the bathroom, the toilet was leaking from the base and had &quot;sunk&quot; into a pool of vile-smelling liquid on the plastic floor. Sitting on it was precarious and an exercise in not getting one's feet wet from the leakage. When having a shower in the tiny 3x4 bathroom with a stained, smelly plastic shower curtain (impossible not to touch and have it stick to you when showering in that tiny space), water would run all over the floor, creating an overpowering urine stench from the obviously crusty stucco-like plastic floor and the pool of water/urine around the base of the toilet which would wash all over the bathroom floor when the shower was on. My daughter and I had to go out and buy flipflops just to make the bathroom experience tolerable. We requested another room (also because my elderly father was joining us mid-way through our stay and could not climb the 8 flights of stairs easily) and were treated fairly rudely by the night clerk. (Although the young woman on the desk during the day was quite polite and helpful.) When we did change rooms (to room 209) it was somewhat better, having high ceilings, a balcony and a clean(er) bathroom floor. It still had the basic cleanliness problems including other people's bandaids, razors and used tissue under the beds and cigarette butts and beer bottles on the balcony. We also had an over-anxious maid banging on our door at 10 am one day when we were trying to sleep in, insisting she clean the room. Don't bother with the breakfast - instant coffee, wonderbread toast and tang. Croissants, yogourt and tea were OK though. Spend a bit more and stay at the comfort inn next door (it's lovely but twice as much) or the easyhotel.com or the belgrave inn on the same block which are cheaper - there are lots of hotels in this area that are a bit more expensive but infinitely nicer. At the very least insist on seeing your room first, as our second room was much better than the first one. I may not have had the same reaction if we had been given that room first.	
Jan 15 2008 	Not recommending this bed and breakfast	It was very expensive for its price because its amenities weren't good. We booked for five nights and I already indicated how many people we were, but they expected us not to have heavy luggage so they reserved our room on the top floor and there's no lift. There was no way to bring our luggage using the very narrow stairs so they had to give us this tiny, tiny room on the basement on our first night. They transferred us the following day to a room on the 2nd floor which was only a little bit bigger than the first room. The bed covers were dirty with hairs (a lot of hairs from the previous guests). On our last day my son shoved his toy cars under the bed so we had to move the bed to get them and surprise, surprise, the bed was very easy to move but was never moved to clean the floor. There was dust, tissue papers, a razor, plastic bag and a lot of other garbage that made me want to throw up. The bathroom was very small, it was hard to move around. The smoke alarm was set off about 3 times when we were there and we were terrified the first time but it was just false alarms. The breakfast was very ordinary, the breakfast room very small, either you go there very early to get a table or you go very late so everyone else is finished.	
Oct 25 2007 	Sickening!	Our one night stay at this hotel did not start well as what greeted us as we walked in was an overpowering stench of vomit. Stupidly we did not immediately walk out and try to find somewhere else - we had already paid for our stay through lastminute.com and we could see that the hotel was in the process of being cleaned with doors &amp; windows open etc &amp; a competing smell of cleaning fluids. We knew we weren't going to spend much time in the hotel so thought we'd make the best of it. We eventually returned to the room at about 10 that night, armed with rose scented incense - just in case!! Initially there was relief as the whole hotel did not now stench, only to be succeeded by horror at the realisation that it was just our room in the basement which still had a stomach-curdling stink of sick. We burnt the incense (6 sticks!!!!) which masked the smell &amp; tried to distract ourselves with tv for a while. But as we walked around the room or sat on a bed the smell wafted strongly through the room again. We did complain to the receptionist, but he misunderstood us &amp; said he couldn't smell anything except the incense. He just suggested we talk to the management in the morning.Other reviewers have documented the awful breakfasts, the tiny far from spotless bathrooms etc. - this is all true. However, our room for four people was not overly small though it was dark &amp; dingy in the basement. The hotel is reasonable-ish (£119 for 4) &amp; is in a great location - handy for tubes, mainline stations &amp; Victoria coach station. I will not however be ever going back.	
Oct 18 2007 	What a dump!	We had two rooms. One was supposidly a double but my Mother said that &quot;she couldn't swing a cat in there&quot;. I stayed in a twin room. The sheets were clean but we had one blanket on each bed and a bed spread which was heavily stained. The light switch was filthy and needed a good wipe down with some bleach. The shower head was encrusted with lime scale and mould but the rest of the bathroom was ok. Breakfast was a bit of an ordeal. The 'waitress' didn't speak any english and my mother thought she looked like she had just got out of bed. Her t-shirt had food stains all over it. Breakfast consisted of toast and butter along with jam if you were lucky. I didn't risk cereal. Every bowl, cup and plate was chipped. The glass jug containing the watered-down orange juice was also chipped. This hotel is ok as a 1 star but not 2. On the whole, I would suggest that you spend another £20 or £30 and stay somewhere a bit nicer. I think I would go so far to say that this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. From now on, 3 stars is the absolute minimum.	
Aug 26 2007 	We'll be back!	This is not a fancy hotel, but it is very practical. It is centrally located near Victoria Station. The price is right.Yes, the bathroom was tiny, but we found our room to be clean and comfortable. There is so much to see in London, that we wanted to spend as little time in the room as possible anyway. The breakfast was adequate. The receptionists were helpful and knowledgeable. We will stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 23 2007	not comming back	the bad things:The smallest bathrooms I've ever seen. Not the cleanest and nicest hotel I've stayed at. Could be nice with a make-over, the showercurtains didn't look clean ect.Not much of a breakfast, and I didn't like the fact that you might have to sit at the same table as other families...The good things:not much noise from the streets on eighter side of the buildingthe woman in the reseption was nicenot far from tube/trains, pubs and shopping centerBut it wasn't expensive so I guess you get what you pay for.	
Dec 27 2006 	Better then a Hostel	Was looking for a place to stay for one night and found the rate at the Carlton to be extremnly favourable. The location was great with easy access to both the Tube and the bus, however we practically walked everywhere from the hotel. We did not take advantage of the free breakfast, however took advantage of the free internet offered in the lobbyish area. The staff was friendly and informative. The rooms were also clean where I was able to enjoy some BBC. Overall, was very pleased with my stay at the Carlton.	
Jul 2 2006	Nightmare	Never stay here, I booked it after getting confused when making the booking as I was looking at too many hotels online. The location is very noisy and there is no double glazing, so you might as well sleep on the street. The room had a bad smoke smell and was the dirtiest hotel room I ever walked into, so you can image what the shower was like. It was sub bed-sit, and even just to crash for one night was not an option, I would have rather walked the streets all night.I walked out after grudgingly paying for one of the two nights I had booked for and managed to stay at an OK hotel round the corner that was cheaper. Thankfully I managed to book us into a hotel at Tottenham Court Road for the rest of the stay, St Giles, nice hotel in a good location, clean and OK for the weekend. An experience I would hate for anyone else to have to go through.	
Jul 24 2005	Simply Awful	We only stayed here because we arrived late at night and all other normal hotels nearby were booked. Fortunately, it was only for one night. I wasn't expecting much out of this place, but we were tired and had few options. The bathroom was disgraceful, so small I could barely stretch my arms out. The room was barely big enough for our luggage. No elevator either. Fortunately it was a cool night because there was no A/C, as is the case with many central London hotels. I would never, ever, stay here again. You can often judge a hotel by its lobby--this one had none. Try some of the better known hotels along Belgrave Road.	
Dec 9 2003	Do Not Stay Here!	This is the WORST hotel imaginable. We booked a &quot;triple&quot; for 95 Euros but when we arrived there were only 2 twin beds. We were told the hotel was booked and they refused to reduce our rate. The room was horrible.... TINY room with no walking space and no room for our luggage, peeling wallpaper, rock-hard beds, dirty ugly green carpet, tiny RV-style bathroom, cheap sheets and bedspread. Even with the window shut you couldn't sleep with all the street noise below. I'd heard how bad London hotels could be but I couldn't have imagined it being this bad and it is in a very seedy part of London. To think we paid close to $170 to stay in this pit! Do not stay here.	
Aug 28 2003	Carlton Hotel	The hotel was totally misrepresented in their pictures. The room had broken windows, no ventilation except the open window. The bathroom was nothing more than an Recreation Vehicle insert. No room to move much less take a decent shower. I suspect these were put in to elimate the door the hall bathroom. The bed was in very poor shape as was the pillows. It was so lumpy no one could sleep. The included breakfast was burnt toast, orange juice, a pot of boiling water to fix either instant tea or coffee, cereal and yogurt with a selection of jams &amp; jellies. Not very appealing and everyone in the breakfast room was as surprised as we were. The only redeeming qualities - the bedsheets were clean and the bedspread and curtains matched!! Where were the rooms in the pictures???	
Jul 8 2009 	Bien mais pas top		
Jun 24 2009 	buena relacion calidad precio		
Feb 4 2009 	el hotel esta bien		
Dec 17 2008	Accettabilr		
Aug 16 2008 	Senza infamia ne lode		
