Nov 3 2009 	A shame for London Olympics	The room where I stayed was tiny: 2,2 x 2,2 meters. The carpets and walls are dirty and filthy. The light has to be switch on outside the room. The paint on the wall is dirty and there are holes in the wall. There is no chest board and the room is furnitured by an old TV, placed on an old broken piece of furniture, has bad reception and faulty action bottoms. The room heating is not working and the proprietor borrowed me an electrical heating fan. The bed is too small for tall people and the mattress is dangerous for people with a fragile back. There is a toilet and a tiny shower, with unfinished blank wood, all dirty, filthy and dangerously exposed with nails. I injured myself my first day, so be vaccinated against tetanus. Careful, nails are also on the old dirty carpets of the sleeping room, so never walk with bare feet. Anyway, you would not dare because it's too dirty. There is also a big hole on the floor of the WC with broken tiles where cold draft is coming blowing cold air continously into your room.Do not look at the curtains which haven't been washed since ages. The breakfast is joke: 4 half slices of cheap and chewing gum like toast, only 1 sort of jam, but you can choose between cheapish tea and worn out coffee. Eastern European staff, poorly dressed and clearly demotivated, serve the breakfeast. Continental Hotel in the Westend is the cheapest hotel in London I have been in, however the money is not worth its value. It's dirty, cold, with a permanent draft so that you easily risk to catch a cold. Even for one who has a tight budget, saving a few pounds for a dirty hole, risking your health by hurting yourself with rusty nails, eventually ending up with sepsis or a tough flu, is not worth the money you are saving. The whole standard of the hotel is unacceptable, below any level of acceptance with rooms comparable to a prison hole. In the poorest places of underdeveloped Bolivia, I had much better accommodation in small but clean rooms provided by poor locals than in posh London. Even in underdeveloped countries, the very existence of dirty holes like in the Continental Hotel in London would be closed down. A cheap pension in Spain offers at least impeccably clean rooms. I understood from an Irish visitor that Continental Hotel even advertised in Ireland. Do not be tricked into the low prices! The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is good.In spite of the cheap hotel fare (I payed 20 £ for a night), it's neglected, dirty and overpriced. It's a shame for London to allow these hotels to operate. The local London authorities should seriously consider to regulate the hotel market for the upcoming Olympics and close down some of these so-called hotels like the Continental in Norfolk square for the sake of the international reputation of London and to improve the bad image investors have about this place.In all: this hotel was the greatest nightmare and the worst hotel in my life, just the rats were missing (probably I had the chance not to see them). There were no CCTV cameras, so there are also great security concerns if you leave anything like fancy clothes in your room. Anyone can ask for your key.There are no efforts at all to maintain this place and the filth and dirt is just disgusting, so never bring your wife or girl-friend into this place. The whole place is a disregard for travellers.	
Oct 25 2009 	Beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Ended up staying here as we orignally booked a room at Norfolk hotel few doors away (could be a scam as ive noticed a few people have said the same). Entered the building to an awful smell that i cant even describe and a man walking around looking like he just left a mental home!!!!!!! As you walk up the stairs you get the smell of a sewage and in every corner of the hallway there are bags of rubbish!!!! We had a family room for 4 people, there were 4 beds, a tv (which didnt work). The carpet was not hoovered with tissue on the floor. The curtain rail was hanging off the wall and the net curtain half falling off and looked like it had NEVER been cleaned!!! The toilet and shower was brown and had limescale all over it, We moved the bed side cabinet to hold the toilet door closed to keep the smell of sewage out of the room. We even had to run over to mcdonalds to use there toilet as we didnt want to use the one in the room. After our nite out we returned to the hotel and slept in our clothes as didnt want to touch the bed sheets. Insted of using the pillows which had stains on we used our coats. We had a family room which supposed to be for 4 people but we couldnt even all stand up at the same time as it was so small. Overall it was a terrible experience and in future we will be booking into well known hotels.	
Oct 12 2009	Sleep tight mind the bed bugs dont bite	had a nights stay in a place that calls it self continental. sorry its not me my son and my mate stayed over saturday night and at around mid night we havd quite a number of visitors being bed bugs told the guy on reception but no rooms so we had to stay in the room he did give us clean sheets and promised the maid would clean it in the morning ha so slept with the lights on and was up at 5am manager said next morning so sorry its an old building . am so sorry its a [--] ps its £70 a nite my advise is if you book here sleep in the car or on the streets.	
Sep 17 2009 	Appalling!	We took this hotel only because our original hotel (Avon) decided to give away one of our rooms and tried to persuade us to share. We looked at one of our rooms and assumed that the other would be similar. How wrong can you be? The general appearance of the hotel was shabby, but clean. However, when we entered the second room late that evening (number 15, which was on the third floor) it was so tiny that the basin was in the room, leaving no space for either a wardrobe or a chest of drawers. The black and red carpet had more black than when it was made, the inside of the toilet was brown, the toilet seat was broken and the counterpane was covered in stains from top to bottom. When I went downstairs to complain, I was told that I should have looked earlier and offered No 17, which was on the fourth floor, but the receptionist could or would not tell me whether it was any bigger. &quot;We've got 100 rooms. How do you expect me to know all of them!&quot; was the helpful reply. Luckily, my son had been given a triple, so I slept in their room that night - I didn't fancy climbing four flights of stairs to find another pigsty. I was given a ground floor room the next day (different receptionist), which was at least clean. Don't hold out too much hope for the continental breakfast. It is toast and marmalade and either tea or coffee. However, I must point out that the breakfast room and what I could see of the kitchen were spotless and the girls there very pleasant. By the way, I have given this place one mark, but only because the form did not allow me to put none! The only saving grace was the price, but even that did not make up for the room and lack of service. The place needs gutting.	
Oct 3 2008 	not so nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I stayed at the continental room for a night with my boyfriend, i wouldnt recommend this hotel at all. I stayed in a double room, the bed sheets were itchy and rough , but at least the white sheets seemed clean. The carpet however was a bit dirty with cigarette burns on the floor, and a big hole was in the floor where a shabby radiator lay. The tv wasnt working well and only 2 or 3 channels appeared leaving little choice of what to watch. As for the curtains as i went to close them, the net curtain broke, and fell to to the floor, leaving me to climb up and try and fix it, then i wanted to close the window, incase i fell out, only to realise i couldnt , cause it could not close, it was stuck. All this not to mention the smoky and stale smell of the room, in fact the whole hotel. i tried to get a refund, and was told by a rude receptionist , they dont give refunds. All this for a £45 double room. I wanted a romantic Night for me and my boyfriend, jus a little getaway fun night together, This place certainly took the fun out of what we had planed!!! Verdict : TERRIBLE.	
Sep 26 2008 	Very bad! Stay away!	this is a TERRIBLE place....not hotel!!! stay AWAY!!!!! it's old, DIRTY, SMELLY and unsafe. BAD and [--]! I'm disgusted (4 people from Italy)	
Sep 15 2008 	Really bad experience	I originally reserved a room at Warwick Residence in the same area but was transferred to this hotel when I arrived London (the hotel I reserved said that they had some problems with the room). I had no idea about this hotel and accepted to check in there. The room and the furniture (bed, chairs) were old. The balcony looking to the garden was also dirty with the curtain nearly fell from the rail.The cleaner didn't clean the room or changed the towel everyday. The last day there was a drunk English teenager came to the dining room and bullied Asian customers while no staffs cared to stop him. I think it was run by the Chinese. The hotel should be inspected by the officials to improve the standard of living there. It's pity that tourists won't know only by looking from internet. It should be kicked out of business if they refuse to improve the condition. Don't go there.	
Aug 1 2006 	A Real Pig Sty	I stayed at this hotel after seeing their rooms advertised for £32 a night. But, if you pay by credit card they place a 4% handling charge on top of this. The first room that I was given was a real pig sty. The television was on a table next to the wash basin and I assumed that to wash you had to lean past this and try not to splash water on the television itself. The shower was operated by two taps, no mixer and the toilet was leaking all over the floor so I asked for another room. The door would not lock and this room was on the ground floor. They gave me a room with four beds in it and I thought okay but that night there was a fight in the adjoining bedroom that involved a lot of shouting and screaming and the following morning I checked out. I did not even bother to ask for a refund of the nights that I was not planning to stay, I was just glad to get out of the place.	
Sep 26 2008 	Vomitevole		
