Nov 23 2009 	perfect shopping location	Located at the end of Carnaby Street, a few steps away from Regent Street, the perfect hotel to explore London and 5 stars at a reasonable price. When we arrived the hotel gave us a room next to the elevator, but since we didn't like it too much they immediately gave us an other room, which we really appreciated. The room was big (certainly for London standards) and really quiet. Since we had a 12-year old with us we had a roll-away bed in the room, but it didn't bother us. Breakfast was OK, but on the small side. The spa with swimming-pool was nice after a long day in London shops. But the best of the hotel is it's location! You step out the door right into Carnaby Street and Regent Street, it takes you a 10 minutes walk to arrive at the West-End theatres. We booked a musical through the hotel and our seats where great. The staff tried to do every effort needed to make your stay a perfect one.	
Nov 22 2009 	Superb Location!	We were very pleased with the great location of this hotel. We had never been to this part of London and did not know the area. It was just right with the hotel being in the middle of all the excitment. Everyone at the hotel were very helpful in giving us directions and maps to The Tube and places of interests . We were also given a very attractive suite that was very quiet. We appreciated that especially after a long day of sightseeing. Hilton Doubletree also offers a great continental breakfast in a lovely decorated room. A nice touch in the lobby were the fresh apples for the taking. The lobby was also decorated very nice with modern touches. We definately will stay again at this fun and well taken care of Hilton Doubletree .We enjoy staying at Hilton properties.	
Nov 16 2009 	The Best hotel in UK Yet	My partner and I love to travel. And make it a point to try different hotels especially the Hilton, Hyatt and the Marriott. This hotel has got to be the second best hotel after Mauritius Hilton Resort and Spa so far. Hilton Honours points paid for our stay at this beautiful hotel. We arrived quite early and obviously before check in time. We asked the concierge if we could leave our bag as we didnt want to lug it around all day. He suggested kindly we try and check in early in case our room might be ready. The lady at the reception desk was very friendly, greeted us with a smile, good news that we could check in and 2 warm cookies! *bliss*We went up to our room, and was not expecting it to be so modern and ... classy. Especially after having stayed at 11 other Hilton hotels across the uk - which are a disgrace. We left our bag and left for the day. We returned back later in the evening to be greeted by any staff we happened to pass with a smile. Needless to say our room and bathroom was very comfortable. The pool issue was a little let down, as it closes at 7pm for security reasons. The area was not locked but we werent allowed to use it. It would have been nice to use the pool. But this is a very small issue and does not question the 5 stars this hotel has been given. We requested late check out, which enabled us to use the pool the next morning.This hotel is very convinient, the tube station is close, and so are the food places, shops, etc.We will deffinitely return to this one! Please take a moment to look through the pictures. Thanks for reading.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location and pleasant but not a 5 star	Friends and i stayed last weekend, the location is amazing, near Regent/Oxford and Carnaby street. The entrance is niceish but a little cold. When checking in the receptionist gave us all a warm choclate chip cookie which is a lovely touch. The bedrooms are just about a four star, bare, no pictures on the wall and ours had filthy carpets, i complained to Reception but nothing was done about this, the girl however was apolagetic. The breakfasts were good and had a lovely selection. The staff were nice in particular our Conceriege, he was v friendly and we made sure we tipped him before we left. Overall we had a lovely stay but i would think you would have to pay more to get a nice bedroom	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect location for a short break treat	We stayed at this hotel recently for a weekend break in London, but wanted something special, yet affordable. Being a converted courthouse gives the hotel an edge when it comes to quirky authenticity, and the location just off Carneby St / Oxford St / Regent St is perfect for access to shopping and decent restaurants. The staff were all also very attentive to individual requests and still seem to apply the &quot;service with a smile&quot; concept so many other hotels just don't get. This is definitely one of the better hotels in London and will see us again!	
Nov 5 2009 	Rolls Royce Treatment	We stayed here for a long weekend. Wonderful attention to detail. Spacious room. Warm swimming pool tucked away in the basement. Breakfast is a a treat here with Bircher's Muesli and all sorts of exotic options for little ones and grown ups alike to try.. Situated opposite Liberty's and around the corner from Hamley's Toy shop. The Doorman remembered our son from a trip 10 months before. We were very impressed. Looking forward to our next trip.Around the corner from the Tube made this an ideal central location.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent location - bed definately had springs	Location great, staff pleasant, external decor great. Room disappointing. Looked out onto wall, small, bed most uncomfortable I've slept in for a long time. Had a late night and woken up by housecleaning around 9am in the corridors, though I did have DO NOT DISTURB sign on door. In a 3* I would accept it, but not in a 5*	
Oct 20 2009 	Fantastic Location	This is definitely in a great location, at the end of Carnaby St and close to Piccadilly Circus. Plenty of restaurants, pubs and clubs.The staff looked after us very well and the rooms were really nice. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, so much so we cam back the following week to finish off out 2 week vacation.I have already recommended this to a number of my friends who travel to London.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent	We originally picked the hotel for it's location as we were taking in a show. It is ideally placed for the West End and numerous good restaurants, no taxi's needed. We found the welcome we received, the decor (it's an old courthouse with the original cells as part of the bar) and the whole experience was excellent. The room we had was a tad small, a queensize bed, but good value at £165 ro. Think we'll try a larger room next time. Sky TV for the sports fans. Will be going again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great experience!!	The concierege guys were amazing--they helped us with everything. Room was beautiful. Shower--not so good, hot or cold. Bed needs to be replaced. Room service excellent, location excellent--restaurants on both sides excellent!	
Oct 11 2009 	Very well located hotel	This hotel has an outstanding location at the edge of Soho, just off Oxford street, about 2 blocks from the Oxford tube stop. It is extremely convenient to shopping, theaters, and restaurants. Just outside the door are lots of wonderful eateries and the liveliness of Carnaby Street. The hotel lobby is very impressive and stylish. Check-in was extremely efficient. The warm cookie on check-in was a nice touch (this is the first Doubletree I've stayed in that actually had cookies available on arrival). The only disappointing part was, as a Diamond, I received a lesser upgrade than the Gold who checked in immediately in front of me. I'm not sure why the hotel gave a Gold a better upgrade than a Diamond! My Executive room was stylish and large by European standards. The room was very comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was a good size with nice Neutrogena products. As a Diamond, I received a very nice fruit platter and complimentary water as welcome gifts. Very much appreciated. The bed and pillows was extremely comfortable.  The room's AC did not work well. The room was 26C (about 79F) when I arrived. I turned the AC up and after 2 hrs, the temp was still 26C. The management already was aware of the problem without me calling. They sent a maintenance worker to try to fix it. London was having an unusually hot week. Though it was better, the room temperature never went below 23C, a bit too warm for me. I did not complain as I would be out of the room for most of the day but it did make for some uncomfortable sleeping conditions.  The included continental breakfast was very good with many choices. A hot breakfast was also available for an extra fee. The breakfast room is small but the staff was vigilant for people leaving so guests did not have to wait long for a table. I had hoped to try the recommended hotel restaurant Silk. But I was disappointed to find it was closed on the day I was there. I will just have to go the next time I am in London. The spa services looked tempting but I did not have time to try any of them.  All-in-all, a very nice stay in a very nice hotel. I have stayed in many hotels on my frequent trips to London. This is now one of my favorites!	
Oct 8 2009 	GREAT HOTEL AND GREAT LOCATION IN LONDON	my husband and i traveled to london in spetember for vacation . we picked this hotel for two reasons one was we are hilton honors members and second was for the location and price of hotel. we were not disappointed with our choice. the location on upper regent street is close to walking for most of the london attrations and also only one block from the london tube station which you can take to get any place in london. the room size was good and bathroom large for european sizes. the staff was very helpful with answering any questions we had. the breakfast was good every morning and staff there were very accomadating. we spent total of six nights and would stay at this hotel again if we traveled to london. there were also several pubs and resturants on the same block and there are many shops on regent street for shopping. there is also elevator to the floors in this hotel. there was really nothing negative to me about the hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Good Location and Service	This hotel is in an excellent location for shopping and theatre's.This hotel's history is on view in the bar where you can still see the cells and in the restaurant, which was court number one.The check in service was goods and the hot chocolate chip cookies were a nice touch. We arrived early before check in time but our room was ready and available, nice touch to send a memer of the staff to our room to check everything was ok about 15 minutes after we arrived. Facilities in the room were good, although the television was not great as many of the channels only had very low volumn difficult to hear, may not bother most.The food in the Restauarant was good.I would point out that they added 12% service charge to everything, even the bar bill!The bill received when leaving was not clear as it showed 'Room' tax, which we do not have in the UK, it was stated below as VAT but not clear. The receptionist stated that all room rates are excluding VAT at point of booking, although this was not made clear to us, BEWARE, as your room rate may be higher than you expect.	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice Hotel with an Excellent Location	This was my first visit to London and I had some leftover Hilton points so I decided to give this hotel a try. The location was convenient. I took the underground to Oxford station and the hotel was just 3 blocks away. When I arrived at the hotel, the doorman greeting me and took my bags. The person working the front desk was very polite and the check-in took only a few minutes.When I arrived to my room, I was surprised how big it was. I have been reading travel guides that said the rooms are a lot smaller in London but this was not the case. The room was clean and the bed was quite comfortable.The fitness center was a bit small with a treadmill, bike, and an elliptical machine. I was the only one working out so it was not a problem.The downstairs bar/lounge was a good place to start off to have a drink. The bartenders were friendly and the couches were comfortable. Afterward, the concierge suggested that I have dinner at Marsala Zone which is down the street. The food was reasonable priced and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant.Only a 10 minute walk from the hotel is Leicester Square. This is where all the pubs and clubs are. I went to several clubs including the Tiger Club and Movika. They were all within walking distance to the hotel.If you are looking to do some high end shopping, Oxford Street is a block away. You will find all the top designers. If you are looking for more reasonable prices, Soho is about a 10 min walk away. About 15 minutes away is the famous Trafalgar square, where everyone goes to relax.If this is your first visit to London, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 28 2009	Perfect location and a restful stay	Check-in was efficient and the staff member who served us was incredibly friendly and helpful. We were presented with the delicious and warm complimentary cookies and asked if we required our baggage to be taken to our room. Interior of the hotel is amazing and I wish we had had more time to enjoy it. The cells that have been converted into private rooms in the bar complete with original toilets have to be seen to be believed! Our room was on the sixth floor and upon entering it became evident that this used to be a smoking room as the cigarette smell still lingered. This bothered me for the duration of our stay and I did mention it at checkout but understand there's very little that can be done about it. Apart from this niggle the room was spotless and a good size. Shower was lovely and hot and the complimentary Neutrogena toiletries were very welcome. We were at the Courthouse so we could watch Sister Act at the Palladium and the location was spot-on; literally 10 steps from hotel to theatre! Considering it was 11pm by the time we got to bed and we were in the middle of Oxford Street there was no outside noise at all and I slept like a log. Agree with previous comments about the lack of coffee and tea-making facilities; it's ridiculous considering the price we paid for a night's stay and meant that I had to dig into the minibar for a £2 Sprite.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Little place and a secret pool and spa!	Just had a very enjoyable 1 night stay at the Courthouse Regent Street. This was booked through my Hilton honors points so I didn’t have to pay anything for my stay which is always a bonus! Had a quick check in with a very friendly sandy haired fellow and the welcome cookie was divine- warm and melting with chocolate and nuts! Yum! The hotel lobby was beautiful with some lovely design features and water features and large comfortable couches- very plush looking.Location wise this hotel is hard to beat- right in the centre of everything! There is a Pain Quotidien next door which is ideal for breakfast or coffee at any time. The hotel advertised breakfast was £23.00 for the works which is way too steep but Ok if you get it included in a package deal I suppose. We decamped from the hotel to Marylebone in the morning and had a fabulous organic breakfast in a café there. Plenty of options by the hotel though.My friend and I were in a twin room- 302- which had no view but was blissfully quiet and very well furnished. It was smallish but not cramped and I loved the mirror and opaque glass feature which led from the bathroom into the sleep area. Design was slightly art deco which was pleasing to me and the Neutrogena toiletries in the bathroom were great quality- and loved the little facial wash and moisturizer tube- very handy! Agree with other views that the TV channels were a little lacking- so many hotels are like that though!We used the spa and yes you do ring down and say you want to come down- we were there on a Saturday and we were the only two in the pool save for a couple of older ladies who arrived later. The pool area is small but I loved it- the water is warm and there is something great about swimming in a basement in the centre of London- it’s like a little secret. There was a small sauna as well and two chairs shaped like giant shells which were beautiful and functional! The gym itself was also small- but had a few good pieces of equipment and there were lots of towels and complimentary bottles of water so I was impressed. The pool has a current function so you can swim against the current in spite of its square size- but don’t be fooled- the pool isn’t as small as you think and we had a great time bobbing around in it and relaxing- and it is certainly a bonus in a central London hotel!We went out for a few drinks in the evening and found the location of the hotel so convenient. We didn’t dine in the hotel but the bar was very well decorated and overall I was impressed with the feel of the place. Maybe we were lucky and had a newly decorated room but I would definitely recommend this place and if I could get a good deal would definitely return!Just one suggestion! Would have loved one of those cookies on departure as well!	
Sep 17 2009 	Very pleasant stay in terrific location	I stayed her for a couple of nights. I had a last minute request to work with my client in London. The room was very nice. The internet service worked. The neighborhood is fun.HiltonI stayed last night and am leaving tomorrow morning. I asked for a Queen and as a lowly Hilton HHonours silver, no upgrade was forthcoming. The room is nicer in my opinion than the comparable room in the Paddington Hilton. More space (I think), nice bed, couch, chair, coffee table, nice desk. The bathroom is fine (marble) with one of those Euro design showers (bath with partial glass pull-away divider so that the floor gets wet. The rack for the bath towels is by the sink on one side of the bathroom. The rack for the hand towels is on the other side, at the end of the bath. Or, maybe the hand towels are huge and the bath towels are small. Who knows?I did not ask much from the staff -- it was a short stay and I was working hard, but the staff was helpful. When I called for a wake-up call, the receptionist asked if I wanted coffee with the wake-up call. It was delivered with no bill to sign (good thing on 5 hours sleep) and, I think, no charge on my bill at the end.My room overlooked an alley and was absolutely quiet. I've heard some of the rooms on the street are noisy. It was convenient to my client's office and I'll return. Lots of restaurants and coffee places in the neighborhood. Had good and interesting (meaning innovative) dim sum at Yuautcha a few blocks away. The Coffee Republic immediately across the street has folded, but the Starbucks is just a few places away. Quite convenient to the Underground. It has an artsy feel to it.	
Sep 17 2009 	This Hotel has been ruined since the Hilton takeover	I've stayed at the Courthouse several times for business in London - but I hadn't had the opportunity to do so since Hilton had acquired the property and taken it over from the Kempinski brand. In short, I'll never be staying here again. I do not often give poor reviews - for anything - but this stay managed to pretty much underperform anything I've EVER experienced in business travel.First, a bit of context. I'd been booked in to the Courthouse for a 10 day stay for business here in London. I'm often in London for business, and choose between one of two hotels - this or the Cavendish on Jermyn Street. I was originally checked in to a room on the second floor - knowing the hotel quite well, I knew the room would be close to the noise from the Palladium that let out at night, but street noise doesn't bother me. By London standards, what I tend to enjoy about the Courthouse is the hotel rooms are rather large. However, every morning at about 5AM the recycling truck would come up the back of the hotel and start crushing glass. I didn't need an alarm clock - that worked just perfect from the 2nd floor. Ah well, I figured. No big deal.I wound up having to take a last minute trip to the Netherlands - so I had my company book my out of the hotel and check back in for my last night back before I headed back home. When I returned, I was given a room on the 6th floor - for the same price, mind you - that was approximately one fourth the size of all the other rooms in the hotel. Do not ever stay in Room 610 at the Courthouse. Apparently, the reason I was given this room was that the hotel was 'booked full'. However, I know that wasn't the case - the hotel wasn't booked full - they had to close the entirety of the 5th floor because of a drainage problem. I know this because a colleague of mine had the unfortunate experience of checking in to a room on the 5th floor immediately before they found the drainage problem. They closed the floor the next day. When I called downstairs to inquire about the availability of another room, and they said they were booked full, I asked &quot;Is it because the 5th floor is closed?&quot;, and they said they weren't supposed to say anything, but asked, &quot;How did you know this?&quot; I chuckled....a little.Anyways, back to Room 610...the room has no desk, and when I arrived, the internet cable had been pulled from the wall because someone just like myself had made a valiant attempt to try and conduct work on the (very small) single bed, and had pulled the cable straight clean out of the wall. I've attached two pictures of this masterpiece of a room - one of the bed, and another of the 'desk', that apparently appears to be something made for midgets to work on.On the plus side, I did get a cookie. *rolls eyes* That's pretty much what the Hilton takeover has offered - cookies. Anyways, do yourself a favor and stay at the Cavendish on Jermyn Street - I know I will from now on.	
Sep 14 2009 	We will never stay at this site again ever.	The hotel is in a great location, however, it comes nowhere near the Hilton brand standard. Our room was great, large with a nice sized bathroom. That is where my goodwill ends. Our problems were as follows:1 - Our standard request is away from elevators and on upper floors, we were given a room steps away from the rooftop terrace - with a bar. Not much for quiet.2 - The Concierge(s) were awful. We inquired about local laundry service and were told many different things A - &quot;Come back tomorrow someone can tell you then&quot;...B - &quot;No, there is only laundry done on Mondays&quot;...?...C - &quot;There is no local laundry in central London&quot;...D- &quot;Yes, there is laundry service, but we don't know anything about it.&quot; UGH! They finally sent us in a direction to find a site (and sent us right past another faster service we later found on our own, thank goodness for Google!) and sent us the &quot;long way around&quot;. To cap that off, when we came back, with our laundry in hand, to let them know the site was closed, they shook their heads and said we went too early. Come on, they sent us there toting our laundry. They might have mentioned that 9:00am was too early. They were terrible.3 - Few of the staff could speak coherent English...4 - They tried to charge us for items we did not take/consume from the room minibar5 - They tried to charge us for daily internet (included in the price of the room).When confronted with all of the problems, the management admitted that they had only been a Hilton property for a few months and were having problems adjusting to the new standards.6 - The television had fewer than 5 channels dedicated to English speaking guests. But did have several channels dedicated to other languages mostly in the daytime drama department. That was really bad.7 - The towels had spots on them.8 - You had to prearrange an appointment to be able to use the hot tub or fitness center. That is inconvenient in the utmost.9 - The internet was almost inexcuseable....seriously. Whether wireless or using the cable, you would get bumped off or it was worse than dial-up in rurual Alabama. You could go as far to say that we did not have internet. Also, if that wasn't included, it would have cost more than 10 GBP per day.This was not a good experience. We will never return. I don't suggest you waste your money on this extremely marginal hotel, as there are many others in the area.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We took advantage of Hilton's recent half price offers to visit the Courthouse Doubletree, reserving one twin room and one King. We absolutely loved it. As you may have gathered the location is so central that it could easily be the London hotel from which all others measure their distance from. Carnaby Street and Liberty are just across the road, Oxford Street and Regent Street are a minute away and the London Palladium is next door. Oxford Circus underground station is two minutes away. Hard to think of anywhere in London that would be more central. So that is the location sorted, what about the hotel? The name gives away the fact that the building was once a magistrates court and its former use provides the theme for the public areas. The bar even has three of the original cells available for use as more private drinking areas. Breakfast is served in what was once the courtroom and retains the decor of its former glory. Sound tacky? No, it is brilliant. Don't worry though, the theme does not extend to the bedrooms. By London standards these are large and luxurious. The King bed was very comfortable, the room was very well appointed and the bathroom was spacious. The TV provided a range of entertainment options and internet could be accessed at a rate of £5 per day. This was certainly the finest room we have stayed in in a big city hotel. A tea/coffee tray would be nice and I would hope the hotel management will address this issue soon. The only other point I would make was that the curtains did not close and privacy was only afforded by the net curtains. Despite the central location most rooms seem to be located towards the rear and are insulated from most of the sounds of the city.All the staff were polite and courteous. At check-in were were presented with delicious warm cookies, a Doubletree trademark apparently, and this set the scene for our all too brief stay. The breakfast was a buffet and pretty good, though had it not been included in the room rate it would have been very costly at £22 per head. There are a number of cafes nearby that would do you a decent breakfast at a fraction of that price. We sampled the bar meals which were very good and reasonably priced as well. Drinks were expensive but they do a mean martini if you fancy treating yourself. There is a roof terrace which would get you out in the fresh air were it not colonised by the smokers. It doesn't afford a view of anything in particular but the full bar menu is available. There is a spa in the basement but we didn't sample its delights.This is a hotel that has a lot going for it and not much against it. If you want a central location and can get yourself a good deal you would be crazy to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 6 2009 	Lovely hotel but it needs new an air freshener system	Stayed on points (150,000 Hilton Honors Gold level, from August 29 to September 4). Beautiful Lobby, fabulous location! Room 319, a very lovely, very large executive room had a broken air conditioning system and a rancid smell coming up from the grate in the bathroom floor and into the room. Staff sprayed the room and I covered the grating with a wastepaper basket. Staff told me that the front desk knew there was a problem with that room. We stayed in that room for one night and then were changed to room 617, which is a stunning huge room with lovely windows and views. Problem with 617 was the air vent from other bathroom exhausts exit into this bathroom and there is no way to block off the vent. The bathroom and this room always smelled foul. Kept windows open and made due. I left a message at the front desk to speak to the manager and was told he was off for the weekend and then also off for thr Bank Holiday on August 31, 2009. I never did get to speak to him.One night as the elevator door in the lobby opened so that we could go up to our room, a mouse ran out of the elevator into the lobby. Concierge escorted us to our room but he was unable to catch the mouseThe Waiting room ( Breakfast room) is lovely, the staff is friendly, and as Hilton Honors gold level members we given the continental cold breakfast as an amenity. Any of the hot food we ate, eggs, bacon, etc, we would be charged for. One morning there was no smoked salmon on the cold buffet and I asked the Waiting room manager if there was any. He said he would check. He came back to say that the chef said that &quot;The quality was not up to standard, and that the chef would not serve it.&quot; I thanked him, ate other cold items, and finished breakfast. As I finished breakfast, an enormous plate of smoked salmon was brought out and placed on the cold buffet.For some reason, only &quot;poppy seed&quot; bagels were served on the buffet, for our entire stay.When you put in a wakeup call at the concierge desk, the hotel brings coffee or tea to your room within five minutes, which was wonderful. The phones work for wakeup calls.I came to my room and found the red light blinking on the phone. I was unable to retrieve the message and called the concierge who told me disregard it, there is a problem with the telephones.It turned out, that upon checking out, I was informed that because of the incident of the mouse in the lobby, we had been invited to a complementary three course dinner at the upscale Silk restaurant in the hotel. We did not know of this in time to use it and lost out on that.This was our sixth trip to London. We have stayed near Regent's Park at the White House, stayed several times at the Hilton Green Park in Mayfair, once at the Hilton Waldorf on Aldwych, once at the London Hilton on Park Lane. We do not think that this six night stay at the Doubletree Courthouse Hotel was worth the 150,000 points. The front desk must do more than just apologize. I think I am due a refund of 50,000 or 75,000 points to my Hilton Honors Card.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location!	My husband and I stayed here for two nights. Our room was spacious and had a large bathroom. I enjoyed the great view from the room of Carnaby Street and Liberty's. We could even some of the London skyline. It was VERY quiet. Our room on the sixth floor overlooked the hotel's new rooftop terrace lounge. During our stay there were few or no people at the lounge but it looked like it would be a cool place to hang out and have a drink. The rooms have air conditioning but the weather was perfect during our visit so we just opened the windows and enjoyed the breeze. Check-in and check-out were quick and efficient. The location is great for shopping in the neighborhood and for accessing the Underground. Getting to the hotel from the airport is quick and easy! We took the Heathrow Express train, transferred to the Underground and walked for maybe two minutes to the hotel. So convenient! I absolutely recommend this hotel and will stay here again. Check out the old holding cells in the bar when you're there!	
Aug 26 2009 	very pleasant stay with outstanding services	very well located and confortable hotel; very good service and warm staff. fair prices;	
Aug 16 2009 	If I have confirmed reservations I expect a room	We had a confirmed reservation; got to the hotel at 4:30 and were told that it would be about an hour before our room was ready. That was odd -- 4:30's usually a safe time to show up -- but okay. No problem. We came back an hour later, were told that it still wasn't ready, and after some loudly expressed disbelief we were told that the guest who had stayed in it last night hadn't left yet, hadn't taken his luggage, and couldn't be reached. It wouldn't be much longer, though, they said; take a free drink on us. About 45 minutes later we were told that the room had been vacated and three &quot;girls&quot; had been sent to clean it. It would be ready in no time now.It was ready at 7:30.The last desk clerk, a young man, was upset by my anger but tried to keep his own rage in check -- a bit scary. &quot;We'd always been honest with you all along,&quot; he said through tight lips. Well, no, actually.worse -- as we waited, two couples who'd also made reservations were turned away. There were no rooms for them. One of the clerks who talked to us told us, pathetically if irrelevantly, &quot;This has never happened to me before.&quot; He said that to both of the couples, too. One of the men said to him &quot;Don't give me that. I read about this on a website - I just didn't think it would happen to me.&quot;The rooms are acceptable if nothing special. The shower has many different nozzles and knobs, pretty impressive until you get in and realize that not a single one of them actually controls the water temperature, so a shower is a dance with the knobs. The towels are thin and the bed shakes. But all that would have been no big deal -- if not five star! -- if the beginning of our stay hadn't been so actively unpleasant.	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic !! staff quality of hotel 	I had booked this hotel as a spa package weekend for a 'sophisticated' hen do and it did not disappoint. From the warm welcome, to the high standard of our rooms, the amazing spa pool and treatment area to the rather generous afternoon tea, this was a truly brilliant stay. The breakfast was very generous and the rooms very quiet, which considering you are facing Carnaby street I found astonishing. The bride to be and friends voted the whole experience a complete winner. I have been very fortunate to stay in some wonderful hotels all over the world and this would have to be my favourite, right down to the beds that feel like a giant marshmallow - it was the best night sleep I have had in ages!	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent location but five stars it ain't...	We used to live in London for many years so now when we go back it is for the purposes of being royally spoilt. The location of this hotel is hard to beat, but regrettably after that the rest can be a little disappointing. It is not a bad hotel, but it does not have quite the quality that you would expect from a 5-star hotel in the London centre. The lobby is pleasant but the decor of the rooms is rather average. The gym and the 'spa' are miniature-sized and because of the limited facilities you have to book in advance if you want to use any of them, so there is not necessarily room for that spontaneous swim. When it comes to the service, well that as well is a bit hot and cold; some of the staff was great but others just indifferent.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights at the end of July and could not find a single fault with it. The location was excellent, the bedroom was clean and very spacious and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Having previously stayed at Hilton hotels in other cities across the UK, the breakfast at the Courthouse Doubletree was much superior - the waffles were especially amazing. We did not use the leisure facilities or eat in the hotel restaurant. We're already looking forward to returning to London and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed for one night as my partner and I went to see a show and we wanted to make a weekend of it in London. The Hotel is very attractive inside with a lovely looking lobby which leads to a contemporary bar with original bars and cells from when it used to be a court. The location is fantastic - just across the road from Carnaby Street and about a 3 minute walk from Oxford Circus Tube Station.Our room was attractive and fine for what we wanted for a 1 night stay, though if I were to pick holes I'd say the following; there were no tea or coffee making facilities which we missed. There were a couple of stains on the duvet cover - one that looked like a greasey splash and the other that looked like lipstick (though I have no doubt that it was clean, just stained I think). The bathroom had an unpleasant drain-like smell which smelled like it was coming from the sink area. When breakfast was brought to our room the next morning it was brought on a tray which was fine, except that one of us had to sit with it on our lap on the bed whilst the other sat at the desk as there was only one chair and desk (some hotels provide a wheely table which would have helped). Lastly, at check in, we were originally given a room on the third floor and when we got to it we found there was already someone in there. We went back to reception who swiftly gave us an alternative room, but the whole ordeal seemed very confusing for the receptionist.Despite these minor negative points (and they really were of no problem to us), we had a fantastic stay and would stay again if in the area.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent great location....perfect!	I booked this hotel for a weekend break with my husband. The location could not have been better, we walked the whole weekend ( which is unusual for me!) , with Regent Street 2-3 mins walk), nearest tube ( Oxford Circus) also a few mins walk away you can get anywhere in London from this hotel.As i was a Hilton Honours card holder we were upgraded on check in which was a great surprise, got a lovely room with little sofa/dressing area on the 3rd floor which was quiet and had everything we needed ( except an iron and ironing board!) however when we asked for one it came in 5 mins so great service.....the staff were happy to help with anything, the concierge was fantastic and helped give us advice on a number of different places we visited, including recommending local restuarant for a meal.......i would stay in this hotel everytime i came to London ( if i can afford it...booked on Amex points this time!)......reception staff were great and also good to hear another Scottish accent from Fraser on reception...........Great hotel, great location, great service...what more could you ask for??	
Jul 30 2009 	a memorable stay	The service we experienced from all the staff was friendly and first class. The room and bathroom were both of good size and immaculate. The location is very central both for shopping and sight seeing. The only thing we had to request was tea and coffee making equipment, this was brought to us within 10 minutes and i understand from management that they are looking to put this in all the rooms.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great locagtion and service	Although a regular Hilton user hadn't even realised this hotel exisited until I saw it in one of their latest promotional e-mails. Hotel is excellently located - opposite Libertys; room was very good (upgraded as a Hilton Diamond holder) Staff were very professional and friendly - particularly at breakfast where nothing was too much trouble - the staff were all very attentive without being intrusive. Food was fine - certainly on a par with most London hotels. Roof top terrace is now open to all guests but didn't get to use it much due to weather. Downstairs bar was quite quirky with the old cells from it's former life as a courthouse still in use - and drinks weren't exorbitnaly expensive! A couple of minor negatives - no coffee making facilities in room and housekeeping was a bit slapdash - first night took away only one of the glasses we had used and didn't bring any clean ones . Ditto on second night where when towels weren't replaced .	
Jul 25 2009 	Fantastic Location - Terrible Breakfast!	This hotel has a great location - 5 minutes quick walk from the underground (Oxford Circus) together with Regent Street and Oxford Street, and directly opposite Carnaby Street. The rooms were well appointed generally (beds, linen, pillows, slippers, gowns ... ) but have a completely inadequate shower screen which resulted in water everywhere and to be quite honest is pretty dangerous, and the TV didn't work (but credit to the staff they did fix it whilst we were out). For a busy location the rooms were very quiet but it was midweek. There is a very busy and loud bar on the ground floor - when we got in at 11pm there was vomit everywhere and a very shoddy job had been made of clearing it up by breakfast the next morning (the rug in reception was vile and the mens loos were still out of action). Didn't make a very good impression on our two 13 yr olds quite frankly. The breakfast was exceptionally poor - tatty furnishings, slow clearing of tables and not overly good food. There were no tables for 4 and our boys were unceremoniousy dumped next to two men clearly trying to 'do business' - it was up to me to juggle the tables about and move them out the way - so no attention to detail there either. In short we paid by cashing in Hilton Hhonors points for the rooms but were ripped off for breakfast - cross over the road and go the Carnaby Street and just use the rooms as a base is my suggestion!	
Jul 23 2009 	Outstanding service	The Hotel location is fantastic. A lot of entertainment and leisure in close proximity. The staff is phenomenal and the facility for London standards &quot;great.&quot;	
Jul 21 2009 	Good stay overall	We booked the Doubletree very last minute through an offer from travelzoo. The room was clean, spacious with plenty of hot water. We were a little disappointed that there were no tea and cofee facilities in the room and felt it was cheeky to charge so much for a cup of tea (perhaps all pre booking literature should state that this facility is not provided, it would have been cheaper to buy a kettle and teabags!). The breakfast was fantastic, plenty of choice and the bar was a real novelty. We would definitely stay here again but it would have to be an offer.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Hotel Bad Service Experience	Beautiful hotel with an excellent location. Used Hilton Honors points and Continental breakfast was included. Excellent breakfast. Our issue was with the air conditioner in the room. It would not work and stayed at 26 degrees Celsius - VERY hot. Called it in 4 times, and were not sure if they ever actually looked at it after promising to fix it with in 5 minutes time. Finally we switched rooms, but the whole ordeal was very annoying. We hope to get our points back. None the less, the rest of the hotel was very nice.	
Jul 19 2009 	Good Hotel in an Excellent Location	I did not even know this hotel existed until it came up on a London based booking site. The location was excellent and most of the rooms had large beds so I booked.My room was ready after a long transatlantic flight which was a big plus. Service on check in was prompt and friendly without being over the top. The room itself was of decent size and had everything that I could have wanted. It faced the rear so, while having no view, was very quiet. Some of the furniture was a bit nicked up but everything else was in good repair. The king bad was not quite as comfortable as at Hiltons in the US but still better than a lot of hotels I have stayed in over the years. Water temperature varied a bit but I did like the option of using the fixed overhead shower head and the hand held head. Air conditioning worked well and there is an option to open the windows too. There was no kettle in the room which was a bit of a disappointment as I like to make myself a cup of coffee when I get up but there is a coffee shop across the street. The television broke on my last day there and the hotel was unable to fix it. I was given the option of switching rooms but decided the hassle of moving outweighed being able to watch a little bit of television.I ate in the cool breakfast room Sunday morning. The selection exceeded my expectations and the service and food was good. Room service late Sunday night was prompt and the food was tasty.While I did not use the lobby except to pass through, it looked comfortable and a number of people used it as a place to relax during my stay. The concierge looked to be available at almost all times. There are a number of free newspapers and magazines in the lobby to take with you. The doorman was helpful in getting a cab to the train station.The location is excellent and you are within walking distance of a lot of things in London. It is at one of the centers of the transit as well so you can get almost anywhere very easily. There are decent food options nearby as well as shopping and services such as a post office.All in all, this was a very good stay and I would definitely consider this hotel on future trips to London.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fantastic Service 	Had a superb weekend at this hotel. From the moment we walked through the front door we encountered friendly, helpful staff. Reception, Concierge and Bar staff could not be faulted. We had a huge room, very nicely furnished. We were on the side of the hotel overlooking the Palladium, no view to speak of, but it didn't matter. We walked all over London from this location.....so easy to get around. Had a great time, we will certainly stay there again on our next London weekend. Don't be put off by the exterior, it is after all an old courthouse. What goes on behind the facade more than makes up for it.	
Jul 15 2009 	Shocking unprofessionalism	Looked a lovely place in a great location. Unfortunately our room was double booked so were shunted off elsewhere to an unsuitable location with only a &quot;free&quot; taxi ride to compensate. With no thoughts given to the weekend we had planned. Book with caution	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Stay	I had read some marginal reviews prior to booking. In my opinion some people just can't be pleased. Check in was smooth and our rooms were in excelent condition. The staff was very courteous and efficient. Our rooms were very large by European standards and the location provided easy access to all parts of the city. I would recomend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jul 11 2009 	An average hotel that's taken counting the pennies too far	We stayed in the 'Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton London-Regent Street' (what an unnecessary mouthful of convoluted branding!) in May 2009.Two standard rooms were booked for three nights and as Hilton HHonors Diamond VIPs we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to the next category, I've no idea what the difference was supposed to be, maybe it was the bottle of water. The hotel's website shows two room types 'Guest room' (standard) and suite. So that was a flop. And of course we were expecting an upgrade on one room only as per Hilton policy.I asked for a room away from air conditioning units and lifts as they can be noisy. Unfortunately, there were air conditioning units either side of my room and it was close to the lift. The other rooms location was adequate.There is no tea-service in the room. An obvious cost-saving measure, there can be no excuse other than to save money. The &quot;benefit&quot; of having tea brought to your room on a tray is not publicised as the room-service menu shows an extortionate charge for tea/coffee. The tray was taken away the next day. I imagine the hotel would get pretty sick of fulfilling my tea orders. Also, only standard breakfast tea was available.Internet was of course ridiculously expensive but it's going to get increasingly less important with mobile Internet being so cheap.The bed was comfortable and the room was of a decent size with a clean bathroom. Toiletries were minimal.Breakfast was poor. I don't know why a hotel of this size can't get it right. It's one of the smaller London Hilton hotel's and the other's do it better. The cooked options were very poor, greasy and cold. I couldn't eat them. There was a lot of waste on the buffet. For comparison at the Waldorf Hilton, cold items are on a buffet and the hot breakfast is cooked to order. I would think this costs more and clearly every measure of revenue management was in place at this hotel.The room service staff I encountered had very poor English skills. I can only imagine it is very hard to get good staff in London for basic pay.In conclusion this hotel is let down by its cost-cutting policies. Like many London hotel's because it is in London it can do what it likes and there is little consequence. That is why so many guests complain about the small room sizes in London or the rip off prices. Despite my loyalty to the Hilton brand I would not stay at this hotel again choosing the Waldorf, The Bentley or Tower Bridge over this property and I recommend any reader to get more bang for buck at those properties or elsewhere.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent	Excellent service, very nice people, excellent location, very clean. I absolutely recommend this hotel!!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Excellent hotel	We found the hotel easily from Oxford Circus tube station. A very short walk away....past some lovely restaurants and pubs ;)On arrival to the front lobby our bag was kindly carried in and we checked in with ease. Got our free chocolate welcome cookie as well ! I was contemplation asking for a room upgrade (as it was our anniversary) but there is no need to.We were then escourted to the lifts with our bag being carried again. Up to the top floor (floor 6) and to our room. We had the most basic room (as it was part of a last.minute.com) fun comedy weekend package. The bed was massive and the room over looked the roof tops of London. At a push you could see 'Libertys' from our room. Lots of channels on the t.v. and even had a socket for your mp3/i.pod on the clock radio, which was a big plus for me.Massive fluffy dressing gowns in the bathroom and a bath and a shower (including hand shower) and a lovely large mirron with marbel flooring. Complimentary shower gels and the norm,. Mini bar and pringles and jelly beans to temp you (at a price I didn't check on).One of the hottest weekend's in June and the air con worked a treat (although you might need to turn it down to sleep). The window could only be opened a quarter, which was a shame. Big black out curtains helped us sleep. We heard zero noises from the other guests or from outside. The large pillows on the bed were heavenily.Go to floor 5 and u can smoke and drink on the roof top terrace... what a bonus.Downstairs you need to have a good look around. The prison rooms in the bar are great 'chill out zones' and the court rooms are lovely. You do not expect features like this to still remain in a hotel.All the members of staff were very friendly and we even noticed a maid dancing down the corrider until she saw us !!!Go further downstairs from the reception and you will find the beauty rooms and pool. The big sea shells to sit in are very quirkyThe only minus thing I can say about this hotel was the 'checking out'. I had to wait about 10 minutes and in a long queue. This spoilt the experience and needs to be addressed.Grab a free newspaper and a quick chat with the lovely doormen and off you go.Within seconds from Carnaby Street and a short walk to Soho. We walked to Oxford Street and Trafalgar Square all from the hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	"Wonderful Place to stay"	We have just return from a wonderful weekend break - I must say from reading other reviews I was somewhat apprehensive - from the time we arrived the staff were very helpful and welcoming nothing was to much trouble, the hotel is in a great location for shopping, theatre’s, restaurants, and sightseeing. The roof top terrace was relaxing, we ordered a snack and drinks and for us the choice and quality were excellent. The hotel was delightful with helpful and friendly staff and the rooms were spotless, spacious and very well decorated, there was plenty of choice for breakfast, again if you wanted anything special you only had to ask. I would strongly recommend this beautiful hotel and will definitely be going back again!	
Jun 15 2009 	Didn't impress me	This hotell had an amazing location, near Carnaby street, Oxford street, Regent street and all that Soho offers. No complaints there. But from that point everything was dissapointing. The first morning we discovered that the shower was broken, so we had to hold the shower-head ourselves. This was of course fixed later that day when we told the staff. But shouldn't the house-keepers have discovered that when cleaning the bathroom and made sure that everything was okay for their new guests? I definitely think so. The next day the lamp behind our tv almost started a fire. We luckily discovered the smoke and smell, and prevented that from happening. This happened due to old and poor lampscreens. The staff was once again sorry, and changed the lampscreens in our room. Later that night I wanted to taste the pringles from the minibar, only to discover the box was empty. Pretty upset (I really wanted that pringles:-) I went down to the reception to ask why an empty pringles box was placed in our room. Again they were sorry, and said they should return to our room with another one in short time. They never came. A lot of small disappointments aggregate into a big one. The hotell didn't walk the talk, and I will not return there. They do NOT deserve their five stars, in my opinion.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great location. Nicely appointed. Disappointing breakfast.	Just came back from a long week-end in London where I spent 3 nights at the Courthouse Doubletree. The location is absolutely perfect: right at the end of Carnaby street and 200m or so from Oxford Circus. We were able to walk everywhere!The staff overall was friendly, but this could definitely be improved. An apparently crazed cleaning lady burst into our room the first evening (she did knock but forced her way in the room), checked into the closet, and then left. She kept repeating something in a language that we could not understand. I also felt rushed by the staff for breakfast the last morning. The room was clean, well appointed and the bed comfortable. I liked the translucent window around the mirror in the bathroom. The AC appeared not to be working when the lights are off, so it was stuffy for a few minutes when we got back to the room. Flushing appeared tentative (the wall-mounted handle would engage with difficulty). Therle are some signs of wear here and there in the hallways, but it is still acceptableWe only had breakfast at the hotel on the last morning. The buffet looked nice but it was disappointing (especially for 22.5 GBP when there is a wonderful French cafe right next door where you can overundulge many times over for the same amount). The waistaff was cold at best (no welcome, thank you or anything of the sort), the eggs were mediocre, the bacons way too dry, and the pastries pretty much tasteless. Just skip the breakfast at hotel would be my strong recommendation.	
Jun 13 2009 	The Courthouse convenientcomfortable 	We traveled to London after a long gap of ten years,as our last experience had been terrible and we had vowed we would never go back.However it was our 13 year old daughter who finally convinced us as she was very keen and wanted the family to visit London together.I have to say it was a decision I will never regret.We checked out The Courthouse which was recommended by a dear friend who happened to know the owner.It seemed nice on the net (sometimes that could be misleading) but we decided to go for it anyway.We confirmed our bookings with the owner Ms Reema Sanger a lovely gracious lady who gave us a great deal with an upgrade of room inclusive of breakfast for the 3 of us.We arrived on schedule and was pleasantly surprised at how conveniently located the hotel was.Oxford street for shopping, cafe's,bar's,restaurants and the theater district were a stones throw away.The hotel was delightful with helpful and friendly staff and the room was spotless,spacious and very well decorated.An additional bed for our daughter was already made up and a bottle of red wine and some savories , which was a refreshing welcome awaited us.We were due to stay for a week but extended it further as we had such a great time.The hotel staff from the front desk,room service to housekeeping were all prompt,efficient and polite.I strongly recommend this charming hotel just off Carnaby Street and will definitely be going back again!	
Jun 4 2009 	A cool hotel in a great location	The hotel is a former courthouse with the courtroom (it still looks like one) converted to a fine dining restaurant and jail cells converted into private drinking spaces in the cocktail lounge, very cool.The staff was friendly and accomodating.Our room was clean, quiet and comfortable with plenty of space. A minor problem was the absense of drawer space in the room, although there were shelves where clothing for a week-long stay could be stored. Two phones in the guestroom, one in the bathroom.The bathroom was very nice with tub/shower, sink, toilet, and bidet with marble walls and floors. Instead of a shower curtain, there was a somewhat unusual half shower door to contain the spray with limited success, but fear not, the floor was equipped with a drain,Location was excellent. Short walk to Soho, a little over a block away from the Oxford Circus Underground (Tube) Station, and directly across from Carnaby Street (unfortunately Twiggy has moved on). Lots of sidewalk cafes and small restaurants within steps from the hotel. Big city shopping is around the corner on Regent Street. Neighborhood was safe and lots of people on the streets enjoying the scene.The swimming pool looked exactly like it did on the Internet.It is hard to imagine finding a nicer, more conveniently located hotel in the city.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great location but not a great hotel	This hotel is superbly located for shops and theatre but it is not a great hotel, sadly the rooms and the service do not deliver. The staff do not appear to enjoy what they do - a couple of examples: on arrival by taxi, the person on the door stood watching and didn't open the door or help with bags. Even the taxi driver thought it was poor ! I arrived after an overnight flight at 1pm and the first words the receptionist said was you can't check in till 2pm, no &quot;welcome&quot;. I politely pointed out that I had requested an &quot;early&quot; check-in and invited her to see if my room was free, which it was. There was no need for a tart and rude initial response. The hotel aspires to be a boutique hotel, but doesn't compare to others such as One Aldwych. The television in my small room had a poor fuzzy picture, there was a foul smell from the sink and whoever designed the rooms had not really thought things through since there was no reading light to read in bed. It's a shame because the hotel with its superb location could have been something special, but it just doesn't deliver.	
Jun 2 2009 	recommendable	astonoshing breakfast buffet with lots of different things which fully meet expectations.but for the price of the room I would be happy to not have to pay additionally for internet.	
May 18 2009 	Not worth it's 5 star rating...	We stayed at this hotel after booking it through a well known 'last minute' website. We got a considerable discounted offer on a standard double room - which turned out to be very small and quite ordinary. The hotel itself was pleasant enough, but certainly not worthy of the 5 star rating it had been given.The best thing about this hotel is its location on Great Marlborough St.The hotel also over-charged me twice on a room service transaction - an amount was taken out of my account after i had checked out and settled the bill. This took a great deal of sorting out as many of the staff dont speak english.Its worth giving it a try if you can get a big discount on the rooms - but at £300 for a usual stay for a standard, id def not recommend paying full price.	
May 11 2009 	Will Always Stay At The Double Tree In Future	We are very pleased to have found this lovely hotel in a super location. We have tried many hotels in London, this one may not be the plushest, but it is way out in front on service. The staff are ALL lovely, friendly, helpful, professional, just fantastic service, could not fault a thing during our stay. Yes some of the decor/carpets could be improved and the breakfast wasn't brilliant, but I was just so pleased with everything else that it did not bother me at all. The room was lovely, super bathroom with lovely toiletries, everything you could possibly need was provided. It is the only hotel I have stayed in that served food until very late in the bar, wonderful for Theatre goers and the Palladium on the doorstep as well! I would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone and I will definately be staying there again. Thank you to all the staff for a wonderful stay and see you again soon I hope!	
May 10 2009 	Not a 5-star hotel	The hotel has not the services of a 5-star hotel. When we arrived nobody help us to bring the luggage in room, there wasn't the doorman at the entrance, the sauna was closed, to use the swimming-pool you have to book and you can use it only if the girl of the (small) beauty center is not busy with a massage, the gym is very very small. As regards the room it was small and the bathroom as well. Mine was clean while my parents' one was dirty and outside the window they had a small terrace with broken bottles and cigarettes (we had to ask the consierge to clean immediatly).The hotel it's modern, but not a luxury one.	
Apr 22 2009 	shockingly awful breakfast	Stayed there for 1 nightDecent room well equipped and the location is greatThe chocolate cookie at check-in was fab!You have to ask for a kettle in your room - delivered quickly but a pain to have to call room servicePool and gym - both very small but ok.Buffet breakfast - awful awful awful the old court - now the restaurant is a soul-less and badly converted space -the food at the buffet was very mediocre and the coffee really awful.Heaps of great places nearby for brekkie - Leon - opposite and Pain Quotidien along the street (this is an expensive option) Pret a Manger - on Carnaby street is a minutes walk for good coffee and breakfast options	
Apr 16 2009 	DoubleTree hits the mark.	Stayed 6 nights in early April while in London at the Courthouse DoubleTree by Hilton, London Regent Street (located on Great Marlborough Street). The best thing about this hotel is the location, bar none. It's right in the heart of the triangle created by Carnaby Street, Regent Street and Oxford Circus (which in and of itself has a lot to offer). And you can get ANYWHERE within the metropolitan area within minutes via the London Underground which is a mere 2 minute, very pleasant walk (avoid the heavy pedestrian traffic of Regent Street during the rush hours times by taking Argyll Street) to the Oxford Circus station. A nice stroll south along Regent Street takes you to Picadilly Circus and then turning right down Picadilly itself you walk along toGreen Park, turn left and there you find yourself at Buckingham Castle.The room was clean and pleasant, there were no issues with house keeping. Two days in a row, after coming back from sight seeing my room key card failed to work and I had to go back down to the front desk and have them re-program my room key card (noted: there are no &quot;House Phones&quot; located in any common hallways; I should have been able to pick up a house phone and contacted the desk who could have come up to my location and brought me a new key card AND let me into the room). Front desk seems to have some minor issues with room availability, check-in and reservation software issues but they were nevertheless polite. Concierge desk was polite and always available to offer any assistance as may be required.The staff seems to have some issues with Breakfast if the dining area becomes crowded. The hostess appeared to be overwhelmed and anxious (perhaps better training required?). The breakfast buffet was nice and the hot food buffet area met expectations and the cold buffet area was also good. The waitresses were all extremely polite, well groomed, attentive and conscientious. The room used for breakfast is however, somewhat &quot;cold&quot; in it's atmosphere. I don't know if it's the high ceiling or the marble or stone flooring but something needs to be done to &quot;soften&quot; the atmosphere to make breakfast a more pleasant experience.Would I stay here again? Yes and I would recommend anyone try it at least once, I think you may be pleasantly surprised.	
Apr 8 2009 	great location but hotel lacks soul	Have stayed here a few times before, largely due to location which is fantastic - right next to Carnaby St &amp; Soho, 5 mins walk to Oxford Circus, 10/15 mins walk to tussauds. I felt safe walking to the hotel with my young daughter late at night, as it is just off Regent st which is generally busy and well lit. Hotel has beautiful public areas but there is a strange atmosphere about the place, the most accurate description is &quot;the hotel with no soul&quot; which is largely due to some of the staff working there (apart from the lovely helpful doorman). The reception is totally inadequate, check in took ages largely due to the unfriendly large rude female working there. (She was rude to guests and other staff alike). Breakfast was ok but again there was an uncomfortable atmosphere created by the staff who were almost robotic in their cold approach. Hotel is clean enough and standard bedrooms ok. The bar area is decorated really well and the cells add a real feature, however it always seemed rather deserted and closed about 11ish most nights - (although residents can order drinks in the lounge). Would recommend for location but there is just something not right about the place........	
Mar 7 2009 	Fantastic Location - a great addition to Hilton in London	I love the location of this hotel - its so convenient for the tube, and so easy to eat out at night. Its a little difficult to spot as a hotel but its directly opposite Liberty'sThe rooms are fantastic, I missed no tea/coffee facilities though and there is no executive lounge but the location more than makes up for that. The cocktail list is very good - and it could be quite a happening bar - the decor is really good but the music is awful more of muzak ! The breakfast room is quite small so at the weekends you can queue up - particularly if you sleep in. Better to have brekkie earlier if you can drag yourself out of the comfortable bedThere are also a few teething problems - some of the room cleaning was not as good as it could be and room service was very slow. The in-room fridge needed defrosting also	
Mar 3 2009 	Fabulous location service atmosphere	Just came home from a week at the Courthouse Doubletree. It's lovely. The staff were great--helpful, courteous, and very accommodating. The location can't be beat; it's about a block from Oxford Circus station and smack in the middle of great shopping and theatre venues. I'd be happy to stay there again for all of my London trips.	
Mar 1 2009 	So close to 5 stars	Stayed in Feb 2009 for one night and highly enjoyed the stay. The building as the name suggests is an old court house and makes good use of the old facilities. Such as the bar includes some cells nicely made into small lounges, even with the old WC in place (naturally not in working order). The food in the restuarant was good, a little over priced and the chips were slightly cold, but filled a hole none the less. The room I stayed in was superb, the bed unlike another review was superb and was as comfortable as any I have seen in a hotel. The room was well appointed and everything had an air of class about it. The only reason this is not a 5 star recommendation is down to the lack of tea and coffee making facility and a hair dryer, which I needed to dry my clothes after being caught in the London rain. Otherwise excellant and I will use again.	
Feb 9 2009 	Already recommened to friends 	Wedding anniversary weekend, excellent Hotel, Room as good as stayed in anywhere, Location superb, lets just say &quot; a lot of Brownie points earned !! &quot;.Very tiny point was Breakfast on Sunday, staff found it very diffcult to cope with a full Hotel.	
Jan 30 2009 	Just OK Place	Stayed there (as “Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton London-Regent Street”) for two nights in January’09. Had a “Large Bedroom” in 2nd floor which was a quite large one, especially in London standards. Otherwise the room had a decent size LCD TV, OK bathroom, quite big table and a nice couch. “Room with a view” this was not (see the image), but I wasn’t really expecting that in downtown London. I received warm cookie at reception and two small water bottles in the room. Room being a connecting one was the only main issue for me, since there was every now and then quite a lot of noise coming from the room next door. This was clearly because of the connecting door instead of normal wall. Hotel seems to be quite recently renovated, at least I didn’t notice any stains, dirt marks, paint peeling off or anything else like that. Didn’t try bar, restaurant or gym so I cannot comment on them. Overall quality of service was nothing to complain about. Location is right in the middle of action, lots of different pubs/bars/restaurants in the immediate neighbourhood. Plenty of options even within 50m radius. M&amp;S almost next door, Nokia and Apple stores very close plus of course all the various shops in Oxford street nearby. Downside is that everywhere around the hotel is really crowed. Would I return there? Yeah sure since I didn’t have any complaints apart from some noise next door. Certainly better than many other Hilton chain hotels in London	
Jan 14 2009 	Amazing stay !!	My boyfriend booked this hotel as a surprise for my birthday last year, so I didnt know anything until we arrived !!The hotel is lovely and the old cells in the bar are a great touch.Plus the basement pool is just what i needed after a day of shopping !I loved every minuet of my stay and cant wait to go again.	
Nov 12 2009 	??????		
Sep 18 2009 	Hôtel très bien situé et agréable		
Jul 24 2009 	Un séjour parfait!		
