Dec 10 2006 	Hotel about to close i was told by staff!	HOTEL REPORTBooked hotel for £190 via Lastminute.Arrived at The Willett Hotel 3* London Sat Evening 6pm 9th DecAll looked initially fine, until.We could not even get into the room.The keycard to the room 7 (described by Lastminute and the hotel as Double Luxury) when swiped would not work! after three failed replacements and six trips up and down the 4 flights of stairs (no lift) the hotel staff declared that the lock was broken and they would have to let us in each time we wanted access our room via a master metal key!No other rooms were available except a cellar room which the staff said was not nice! (We could not find any other rooms in the location)My partner and i were very tired after a long trip and just needed to sleep, so we stayed the night. (Wrong move)Just as we got off to sleep (9pm)The phone room rang, can the maintenance man start work on the door lock!You can guess my reply.After an hour or so we got some sleep only to wake up very early in the morning absolutely frozen solid and i mean really ice cold! The heating was off and the windows actually had frosty condensation on the inside.At this point the only thing to do was get in the shower to thaw out.Oh yes please see my photos of 3 star hotel bath and room.Time to quit this place so we packed to leave.As we checked out we complained about the cold room, only to be told by the member of staff that the heating has been broken for ages and did the person on the desk last night offer you a fan heater???To end it all no offer of a discount just, how about some free breakfast!Since we had the car parked outside with the luggage and parked double in London it was really an option. (or was it the image of the kitchens in the basement that put me off?)Finally the member of staff did say sorry and that the hotel is closing soon!Great, thanks for the comforting news.Last minute also have a copy of this report with a demand for action.The rest of you please be warned. dont catch a cold. WE DID!	
Nov 9 2006 	Overpriced and very disappointing	I have just returned from the Willett Hotel where I stayed last night. I paid £134 room only. It has to be the tiniest double room I have ever seen. You have to open the door and squeeze into the next room to open the bedroom door and then there is a tiny shoe box of a bathroom where there was no cold water. it`s lovely brushing your teeth with hot water......very refreshing (not)first thing in the morning.There was no lift and my bedroom was up three flights of stairs. I had help carrying my suitcase up. No disabled facilities, thats for sure. I would not recommend this hotel. It was worth £80 room only and not what I paid.	
Nov 6 2006 	Happy first stay at Willett	This was our first visit to the Willett and we were very pleased. We have visited Chelsea every year for 40 years, but our old hotel went out of business. We booked well in advance at the Willett and requested a room on the ground or first floor, which we got. Our room was lovely and comfortable. The staff were very pleasant and extremely helpful and efficient. When I asked for help with a train schedule, the receptionist went on line, found the information, and printed out a variety of options for our day trip. We liked the fact that the hotel had staff present 24 hours a day, in case of emergencies.	
Oct 16 2006	Dreadful experience	I “discovered” the Willett about 3 years ago and have since been staying there whenever visiting London. Although one normally has to climb a steep staircase to get to your relatively small room, the guest house atmosphere and good breakfasts have always appealed to me. The hotel’s proximity to the Sloane Square underground station is an added benefit. My last visit (in September 2006), however, was less than enjoyable. There was no cold water. Imagine trying to take a shower or brush your teeth, but boiling hot water coming from both taps! For five solid days I begged the staff on duty to attend to the problem. Every time I was assured that the problem would be taken care of, only to again be confronted with hot water in the morning. I could literally not wash myself properly for five days, which is quite inconvenient given that I had to attend business meetings every day. My only recourse was to fill the bath with hot water in the evenings and take a cold bath the next morning (a thought that only crossed my mind on day four). Than on my sixth and last day, a miracle happened: cold water coming from the cold water tap! I was able to take a nice, long shower before returning to South Africa. Sadly, I will have to find somewhere else to stay on my next visit. Tom FerreiraCape Town	
Oct 3 2006 	Excellent location nicely Victorian.	A very good find in central London. Just off Sloane Square in the posh bit of the city, five minutes walk from the tube station. The hotel is a classic London town house - at first I couldn't find it, it's in a tasteful terrace of large residences with marble steps and pillars.Not a lot goes on here, the reception is small and there is a staircase leading up to the rooms, that's it. No bar, no restaurant, but who cares, this is central London, there are bars and restaurants all over the place (although this is a hotel review try Resaurant Carrafini round the corner for excellent pasta in an Italian atmosphere).The room was a pleasant surprise; a large room, very tastefully decorated with a huge bed. The tiny en-suite bathroom was a bit of a let down, so only 4/5 over all.When I checked out I was told by the friendly east-european staff that I had had the largest room - ask for Room 5.I paid (my company paid) GBP180 for a night - no breakfast.Accommodation 4/5 - tiny bathroom a let downLocation 4/5Price 5/5 - given the location	
Mar 22 2006	Felt really at home	We stayed here for the mid term break,and the children loved it.We immediately felt relaxed with our cheery welcome from&quot;Vivi&quot;, even though for some strange reason we appeared to be booked into The Gallery Hotel unbeknownst to us,this did not pose a problem.Lovely Triple room,no noise in Hotel,we were truly sorry to leave,after a bad experience in another Sloane Gardens Hotel in 2005,we know where we will be returning to...Thankyou to the Willett...we will be back!!	
Jan 4 2005	Very disappointed	We stayed at this hotel for the two days in the last week of 2004. It had been recommended by a friend and we expected a delightful hotel. Instead we got a microscopic room that we could barely move around in. If you think I'm exaggerating, note that we could only open the bathroom door halfway before it was stopped by the bed! Speaking of the bathroom, it was a gamble on whether or not the toilet would flush. The room had two windows, one of which was covered up, and the other was mostly opaque colored glass (partially broken), so we had no outside view. Our room also filled with smoke when someone downstairs lit up. And we disliked the mammoth climb up several flights of steep stairs.We moved out quickly to an excellent hotel just a block away, right on Sloane Square. For the same price we got a room twice as large overlooking the square, a sitting room, a flushing toilet, and a lift. We also had got our own teapot so we didn't have to pay 2 quid for tea! We were very happy with our second choice.	
Sep 1 2004	Location location	We stayed at the Willett in 2002. Loved it so much we recommened it to our friends this year and they loved it too. It is so convenient to the Sloan Sq. Tube stop. Shopping is right around the corner. There is a Safeway within walking distance for your grocery shopping. Plenty of restaurants on Kings Road. McDonald's became a late night stop after a full day sightseeing. Banks are located at Sloan Sq. for easy access to ATM. The opposite way from Sloan Sq (residential area) we found the best Italian and Indian Restaurants. Front Desk was wonderful and helpful. They got us a cab for our ride back to Victoria Station. Luggage was moved to the 3rd floor for us. No lift, so be prepared to use the steps several times a day. The twin room was comfortable and clean. We had a room on the street side and it was not noisy at all. Bathroom was small, but had a shower and everyday the towels were changed. It was so clean. Breakfast was great. A full English Breakfast or cereal, toast, yogurt, etc, included in room rate. Breakfast area is small and cozy in the basement area. You get to meet other residents. Usually they are repeat customers of the Willitt. You could not ask for more. Like our friends, we will stay there again If you come from the Gatwick to Victoria Station take a cab to the hotel. It is not worth fighting the Tube with luggage. The cost is worth it.	
Mar 26 2004	Three time guest	Some rooms are smaller, but nicely furnished. No elevator, just stairs. Great location to stores and restaurants. Have stayed here for three visits to London.	
Nov 13 2003	Small rooms unhelpful staff	The hotel has a good location - however the rooms are not up to a 4 star standard. 3 star yes. The hotel has no lift and my elderly parents were put on the 4th floor. The hotel could have relocated my parents but were charging £40 p/night to do so. The staff genuinely did not care at all. The room was tiny, and really not satisfactory. I would NOT recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2003	Willett Hotel was terrible	Our experience at the Willett was simply awful. The management was rude, having promised a ground floor room (my wife cannot climb stairs) and moving us out of the ground floor up three flights. They did not even apologize, claiming they &quot;would never have promised a ground floor room&quot;. In addition, the hotel is very noisy, surprising with its location. It was the worst hotel experience we have ever suffered.	
Mar 6 2003	Location and feel very safe	I have stayed here many times since 1999, and always pleased. The location is great, very near a tube station and buses all over the place! The shopping opportunities are wonderful and of course, the sightseeing. I have stayed here with my husband and many times on my own and always feel safe walking around the area at night. You can have a delicious full English brekkie or a continental. Some rooms are small, like the single and they are not air conditioned, though a fan always makes them comfortable.	
