	basic hotel .not interested in clients once payment is recieved	stayed here for a long weekend . found one member of staff rude very and manager very uninterested in our complaint . this bar man was in our opinion very anti irish .we were refused the 10% discount that was supposed to be there for residents.closed the bar early and even refused to serve us last night there .other staff members offered to serve us ,but for a group of women on a weekend away it totally ruined it ..	
Nov 19 2009 	Good location reasonable rates	Was in the hotel for 5 nights o a business trip. Great location. Single room on first night (Room 305) had faulty hot water mixer in shower. Made a complaint and front desk manager promptly arranged to change to a better and quieter room on on higher floor away from street view. Room was rather spartan but was clean. The toilet and bath are new and bathroom brightly lit and clean.	
Nov 19 2009 	Horrible	Disgusting rooms, filthy corridors with stained carpets &amp; even the lift is dirty	
Nov 13 2009 	Location Location Location	Stayed at the Waverley House from 10/28/2009 to 11/1/2009. Had a twin room with a friend.in the back with no view but no street noinse and the construction could not be hears with the windo closed The beds were comfortable , although the pillows were hard; the bathroom clean ;and the air conditioner worked well in an unusally warm , Mid 60's fall weekend.There are two tube stations within 5 to 10 minutes walk of the hotel and it is only about 20 to 25 minutes slow walk to Covent Garden. This was our first trip[ to London and a great location . The desk staff was very helpful and they kept our luggage unitl 2:30 although we checked out by 10. The breakfast was quite good if you took advantage of their fresh fried or poached eggs and fresh toast. The scrambled eggs and cold toast in the buffet were disgustingThe room was small for two twin beds but there was plenty of room to store the luggage out of the way . The biggest problem was that the TV stand was so large that you could not easily walk arond the end of the bed to get to the door. Changing that one piece of furniture would have made having two beds in the room much more manageable . .The safe was located so close to the floor in the closet that I found it unusable, small print too hard to read The carpet was worn near the bathroom and they should invest in a new toilet seat but there was new tile on the bahtroom floor and walls and a comfy full size soaking tub.	
Nov 10 2009 	Pretty horrendous	This hotel is pretty poor. It's dank, dingy, dirty, noisy and the lights in my room didn't all work. The breakfast was surprisingly good, and the staff were friendly, but that interior of the rooms, the elevator and the corridors was embarrasing.	
Oct 19 2009 	A wee Gem	We stayed here for our anniversary. We wanted to be close to Covent Garden. The hotel was close to the tube station, and only on the Piccidilly Line, but the hotel itself held on to the characteristics which made it more homely. Check was quick and smooth. The room was adequate but the bathroom needed a lick of pain and new toilet seat. Breakfast was a hot buffet which continental choices as well as cereals etc. The only complaint was the maid service coming at 3pm to service the room when I wanted to rest before the evening show. Other guests could be quite noisy when returning during the night (about 3am). But otherwise this wee hotel was a gem of a find and we felt quite safe in the area. Plenty places to eat and a tesco metro opposite the Tube Station for Krispy Kreme donuts.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Hotel - Good Location Near Tube	Hi, just back from London. Stayed iN Waverly house hotel. Have to stay location is perfect sandwiched between Russell Square and Hoburn Tube stops. Just one stop to convent garden. Ye, hotel looks a little rundown but the staff are nice, the breakfast is wonderful and the location is excellent. Step outside the door of the hotel and down a lane are some nice restaurants and pub. Room is fine and it is air conditioned.	
Sep 14 2009 	Value for money in a great location	Was impressed with this hotel and at the price I paid it was good value for money.Location is great, only a ten to fifteen minute walk to Oxford Street and Covent Garden.Staff were very helpful and friendly, esp the concierge, breakfast was very good, and is available until 11am, which is a nice touch for leisure travellers, the restaurant was very light and airy. The hotel was clean, well lit, and smelled nice !!. The bed was very comfy and noise levels from outside were acceptable in the room (5th Floor).I did have a few gripes, the air con packed up in the room, but that could of happened at any hotel, the bathroom was ridiculously hot (even b4 the air con packed up), although it was clean and the towels were fresh.I'd def stay here again and would recommend it due to location and value for money.	
Sep 2 2009	My daughter and I loved it ! And we are picky.	What a wonderful surprise this hotel was! Yes, it is small, but like a little jewel box. From the fresh flowers in the lobby and gleaming brass and glass elevator, to the small but very cozy, flower-and-striped-wallpaper bedroom and gleaming bath with a wonderful shower, to the plentiful and wide-ranging offerings in the comfortable and attractive breakfast room, we were quite satisfied. And we've stayed at 'em all, in numerous countries. I've just searched it out on the internet for another stay when we are in London. Also liked the Old Amalfi restaurant across the street. Staff was very nice and helpful, as well.	
Aug 15 2009 	Clean and comfortable but rooms could do with a bit of a makeover!	I have just returned from a stay at the Waverley House Hotel. The hotel was situated close to 2 tube stations (about a 5 minute walk) and has a bus stop outside. The staff at the hotel were all very polite and welcoming. The room was clean, although a little dated. There was a kettle with tea, coffee and hot chocolate, biscuits and bottled water. The en-suite, although clean, was in desperate need of renovation. The toilet was very difficult to flush and needed replacing along with the shower. The room was fitted with a remote controlled air conditioning unit which was was wonderful!The breakfast was a definate highlight of the stay. The bacon was delicious and, as well as the hot buffet, freshly cooked poached and fried eggs were available upon request. The staff in the breakfast room were very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 2 2009 	Pleased	Capital city centre hotels can be poor, dirty and expensive. This hotel is more than adequate for a stay of a few days.The breakfast was excellent - help-yourself with a wide choice and no restiction on the quantity. They used back bacon and the jam and marmalade was Tiptree, none of these are the cheapest.My room on the sixth floor was clean and quite spacious. Although it had one single bed, it would have easily taken a double or even two singles. It was at the rear of the premises and very quiet, although a room fronting Southampton Row could be noisy I think owing to the traffic. A kettle was in the room plus a selection of tea, coffee and hot chocolate sachets, plus a pack of two biscuits and a bottle of water. The TV was a 19 inch one.The ensuite bathroom, while a little cramped, was modern and spotlessly clean, Shampoo, shower gel, soap, a shower cap and a shoe polishing kit were provided. A hair dryers was in the dressing table drawer.The hotel is non-smoking with detectors in the rooms. A notice warned that anyone smoking will be charged for a deep clean of the room and this would be a hefty sum.Staff were firendly and helpful. Leaving my case until 4pm at reception on the day I checked out was no problem.I would happly stay here again.A word of warning when booking online: prices for the same hotel can vary and not because of a superior room. Shop around and also check the cancellation terms. Some sites alloe free cancellation within two or three days of the stay beginning, while others levy a charge.	
Jul 21 2009 	nice hotel with friendly staff	ideal location near underground tube station which is 5 minute walk, friendly &amp; helpful staff, they make you feel welcome, good heating in winter, nearby restaurents but they are expensive, nearby super store for 24 hour shopping, breakfast is really nice, i like this place	
Jun 20 2009 	Not the best...	Stayed here for one night after organizing a trip with girlfriends to London.Unfortunately it was a bit of a disaster, the rooms were clean but we had no electricity from 7pm and no water in the morning, no plates for breakfast!Great location and we didnt pay alot....thank god!!!	
May 16 2009 	Great Location	Very comfortable stay , bedroom not huge but adequate. Evening meal and breakfast were very nice. Staff very helpful and courteous	
May 12 2009 	NOT IMPRESSED !!!!!!!	I stayed in this hotel this past weekend with 2 friends. In advance I had telephoned many hotels requesting a room with 3 single beds as my 2 companions will not share, and had chosen the Waverly having been told they would provide this. On arrival however we discovered the hotel does not have a 3 bed room!!! and as I did not have the name of the person I had spoken to they just did not want to know and were most unhelpful. We had to stay the 1st night and moved next morning. The room with a double and single bed was quite ok, comfy and spacious though the bathroom was antiquated. At 7.30, 8.30 and 10.15 next morning we were awoken by housekeeping knocking very loudly on every door on the corridor shouting &quot;just checking&quot;, when asked by a couple of residents at 8.30 what she was checking she just walked off, when asked again at 10.15 she said she wanted to know what time we were checking out. The breakfast itself was fine but the staff were the rudest I have come across in many many years of travelling. They obviously hated their jobs and did not want to be there, we got the feeling that the managment have quite alot of work to do in regard to working relations with their staff. We were very glad to move practically next door to a hotel where we had an all round much greater experience. Will definately not return to the Waverly.	
Mar 12 2009 	London Sightseeing	We stayed at WH for 26 days in September 2007. Our room ,#206,was a corner one with a door onto a tiny balcony overlooking Southampton Row. With newly installed air-conditioning and double-glazed windows we were able to control both temperature and noise from the thoroughfare below. Room decor was a bit dated but everything was nice and clean. Beds and furniture were comfortable and we enjoyed our near month-long stay at living at WH. Meal-wise,we mostly had breakfasts at the hotel ,I can recommend the lamb shanks on Sunday nights though!, Dining room staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. This is a great wee hotel to base yourself at whilst &quot;doing&quot; London thorougly.We will return. Tip,don't eat at Cagneys!(round the corner)	
Feb 3 2009 	location the room and the staff quite perfect.	Tiny room as you might expect it in London, but really clean and in a truly genuine British style. The bed are more comfortable than in many other 3 stars hotels. The bathroom was perfectly clean and well equipped (Large bath). Following previous reviews comments, I was startled by seeing a air conditioner in the room with a remote control. I booked a double room for my girlfriend and I the last weekend of January so it was useless at the time but for summer, it would be useful indeed. The breakfast is a large english buffet with bacons, scrambled eggs, sausages, croissant and various other good things to eat. But the icing on the cake was the helpful staff, prone to anticipate every wishes. So if you are seeking for a cosy atmosphere well located hotel, this one is yours.	
Jan 30 2009 	Very disappointed	When we checked in we were told there would be no hot water after 8.30 the following morning. There was none when we tried at 07.45. The room, 315 was badly arranged, we coul dn't get ourselves and the cases in together without passing them through. The mattress was lumpy with springs.Breakfast was fine, but the staff were conspicuous by their absence. I've written to complain but after a week no response.	
Jan 25 2009 	Very Satisfied	Stayed with my wife 3 nights in mid Jan 2009. We were very satisfied overall. Room was a nice size, well stocked and clean. Everything in room worked as it should, with good tea making facilities. Staff were helpful and friendly. Breakfast excellent selection and well managed with no delay. Very central location for tube etc. (traffic noise can be loud if window opened).I would recommend this hotel and I would stay again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Comfortable	Had to get a last minute room - read varied reviews on Waverley but only room left - very pleased, felt comfortable as single female. Room on top floor, very clean. Fresh bathroom. Nice check in staff and really nice girls in restaurant for breakfast with good choice hot and cold food. Will stay again.	
Dec 22 2008 	pleasantly surprised..	I stayed here last weekend with a couple of friends. We had a single and twin room and were happy with both. My single was a decent size with a new looking bathroom. The decor is plain but inoffensive and everything worked.. nice quality goodies in the bathroom and on the tea tray too.The staff were delightful, the guys on reception were cheerful and funny and the bar staff were totally on the ball when we stopped in for a nightcap or two. Breakfast was one of the best I've had in a hotel of this class; full english buffet all well cooked and hot. We were there for the theatre, and the hotel is excellently located for the West End. We also went to the British Museum whilst we were there, which is just round the corner. The hotel is also handy for a range of local shops, cafes and banks.	
Oct 7 2008 	Don't be fooled by the photos on the web site	I accept that this is a 3 star hotel in central London so the rooms were adequate for London - small but liveable. The decor is a little tired and in need of sprucing up. The hotel is well positioned near Russell Square Tube and Holborn Tube and there are some great restaurants near to the hotel - I recommend the Hason Raja Indian Restaurant which was a few mins walk from the hotel. My main gripe was the atitude of the reception staff at the hotel. Unhelpful and rude. I think their view of Customer Service left a lot to be desired. I think they took pleasure is saying 'no'.I had breakfast in the restaurant and the staff in the restaurant were very helpful. The full English breakfast was lovely but the evening meal fell short of acceptable standards for the price one was paying - ok for a fiver but not when you are paying 12 quid. Evening meal - I had the curry - was overcooked, overseasoned and overpriced. Eat out, the food is much nicer.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very good location	Stayed her for a short Theatre break. A short walk from underground so easy to get around. Nice large rooms and a very good breakfast. Pleasant staff and complimentary newspaper with coffe making facilities in bedroom. Very good value for money.Will definately stay again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Good location but noisy	Booked a one-night stay (business trip); got a reasonable rate for this part of London - 49 pounds for a single, inc a good, full English breakfast. Hotel is close to Tube stations, and in a nice touristy area - but be warned: the street is busy till the early hours, and the bedroom rumbles to the sound of lorries and the occasional shout/music from revellers below. Room is small, furnishings a bit dated, but the bathroom was clean and functional. Overall, not bad for the price I paid ... not sure I'd pay much more though.	
Jun 26 2008 	Very good location but not so clean...	I stayed in Waverley House for 2 nights in May. The location was ideal for a business trip, as the train stations are very close, and in the evening, the London museums and cafes and bookshops are open till late.. easy to find. British Museum is just around the corner! I would not, however, recommend this hotel due to the rooms and overall cleanliness not meeting the expectations. I had 2 different bookings, and the first night\s room was really dusty and dirty (I didnt mind the small size of the room). The bed matress was also very crumpy. The second night\s room was slightly cleaner. An example of the overall cleanliness is the ELEVATOR which the hotel staff could CLEAN at least for a better first impression. Next time, I might stay in the area, but not in this hotel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Lovely time  staff very helpful smashing breakfast	We booked this hotel for conveience of covent garden and wasnt disapointed. Easy walking distance to tube and the main attractions in covent garden. We booked a triple bedroom and was pleasantly surprised at how spacious it was also clean and comfortable a bit on the warm side but better than being cold. The staff were all very helpful and friendly and the same for the staff in Deans brassier were we had our evening meal before going to see our show, the meal we had took a while to come but when it did we it was very nice and good value for money. The breakfast was outstanding everything you could wish and catered for all tastes. I would not hesitate in booking this hotel again.	
Mar 8 2008 	Not so bad	Stayed at the Waverley last week and like the previous reviewer was apprehensive after the bad reviews. All the staff were polite, helpful and pleasant. I agree the hotel is old fashioned and needs updating however it was clean and the room I had at the back on the 5th floor was quiet. Very near British Museum and walking distance to Shaftesbury Avenue. If you have already booked make sure you ask for a room at the back.	
Feb 5 2008 	We were a little apprehensive.	My daughter and I have just returned from a four day sightseeing break in London. After reading some of the reviews on Trip advisor, we were a little apprehensive about staying at this hotel. We needn't have worried. Everyone was friendly and polite (perhaps some of your reviewers should learn to smile and be polite to people themselves, its works wonders,)Our twin room was very clean, beds immaculately made up every day. When our TV didn't work, they immediately changed it. Self service buffet breakfast, plenty of choice to suit everyone. Bar staff friendly. The location was ideal. Tube around the corner, however, the hotel is within walking distance.of most attractions, theatres and big shops. Best of all was that while Falmouth in Cornwall (where we live ) was being lashed by gales and rain, we had beautiful weather with no rain at all.	
Dec 25 2007	Worst shower in hotel history	My business contact in London made this reservation so I was stuck, although I read the reviews here. Except for the decent location, the hotel was every bit as bad as everyone here says: unhelpful and apathetic staff, bad breakfast, incredibly small room (like a college dorm room), VERY loud doors slamming throughout the hallway, easily heard conversations in adjacent rooms, cold bathroom (knob for heater broke off in my hand), and very possibly the worst hotel shower I've ever encountered, even after I removed the water saver from the shower head. Not only was it barely pressured, but absolutely impossible to regulate the temperature. This hotel is a stinker!	
Nov 30 2007 	Dreadful /Appalling - book elsewhere!	I have had 3 one night stays at this particular hotel in 2007. The first was just tolerable, the second was pretty depressing &amp; the third (in November 2007) was utterly appalling. I have resolved never to return to this establishment; there are far, far better hotels in the area. Whilst the hotel is in a good location for many things, the hotel itself is quite dreadful. First visit - tried this hotel because the Novotel London Euston (now Novotel London St Pancras) was fully booked - large room but extremely oddly decorated. Bathroom window would not close &amp; noisy because of street traffic. Water supply very inconsistent but hotel blamed Thames Water with a big sign on reception. Buffet breakfast ok. Just tolerable. Second visit - again, Novotel Euston fully booked &amp; no time to find a better alternative - tiny/box room in which it was quite impossible to stand up straight whilst in the shower because of the curvature of the wall. Drab &amp; dirty. Again, buffet breakfast okay. Pretty depressing to say the least but only one night! Third visit (Nov 2007) - yet again, Novotel Euston fully booked - small room with double bed. Noisy because of first floor location. Balcony doors (onto busy Southampton Row) would not lock. Room service evening meal acceptable &amp; 7/10. Shower totally inoperative but wait for it - dried blood on the sheets &amp; dried blood on one of the towels on the bathroom! £150 per night????? Hence my resolution never to stay at this establishment ever again.	
Nov 24 2007	Absolutely Apalling	How can staff like this ever gain employment!Rude, Unhelpful, Arrogant.They wouldn't know an acceptable level of customer service if it came up and smacked them straight in the face.Please, like many of my fellow Reviewers, please give this Hotel a wide berth and never ever go near it.It definately gives Customer Service in London a bad name!	
Nov 18 2007 	Awful in every way	I spent one night at this hotel as a solo female business traveller and it was without doubt one of the worst I have ever stayed in. The whole place is drab, old and grubby - yes as another reviewer said, even the lift. I was first shown to a room where the bathroom overlooked a flat roof. There was only a net curtain on the window and the window did not shut properly. I requested a move - the alternative room was almost as bad being next to a fire escape, again with windows that barely shut. I did not feel at all safe. The room was small and not very clean, there was no heating in the bathroom and the shower did not work at all. On check in I enquired about room service for breakfast &amp; hung the request list outside my room, asking for it to be delivered at 6.30. It didn't arrive and when I contacted reception I was told that no food was available till 7.00. The staff were rude &amp; unhelpful- really couldn't be bothered, none spoke good English. It was truly dreadful value. Two weeks earlier I stayed at the Thistle Bloomsbury for the same price and it was great. Don't touch the Waverley House....	
Oct 25 2007	Dirty	This hotel is awful in every way. The staff are rude, miserable and unhelpful. The glass lift is so disgusting. It's dirty! The tv's dont work in many of the rooms. The food is dry, over cooked and tasteless. Avoid this one! A budget hotel would be better than this.	
Sep 27 2007 	Lovely hotel	A lovely hotel with a bar and a restaurant. Good rooms, but some noise from the street. Very short walks to West End and British Museum	
Sep 27 2007 	Ideal Location	Just stayed at the Waverley House Hotel for one night to attend a business meeting the following day and I must confess that I was more than pleasantly surprised. Having booked a double room I was given the Aquarius Suite on the 5th Floor which was extremely spacious and comfortable and very quiet considering it faced the main road.The restaurant was quite reasonable and the self-serving breakfast in the morning more than adequate.My meeting was just around the corner in Bloomsbury Square and the location of the hotel was just ideal for my meeting and for Euston Station.	
Sep 20 2007 	Don't stay here - even if for free	The staff was rude, not helpful at all, the room was quite expensive for what you get - more like a B&amp;B - Wouldn't recommend staying there - avoid where possible ...	
Aug 1 2007 	Be Warned!!!	My family and I booked in for the week at this central London hotel. I must say this has to be the worst experiance I have ever encountered in the hospitality business. The decor of the hotel is drab and in need of a complete overhaul. The food we ordered was not fresh and seemed to be micowaved. The cleaniness of the bedroom was not up to standard as was the bathroom...very annoying. The staff at the hotel seemed unmotivated and some members could only speak pigeon English, Faulty Towers springs to mind. If your thinking of booking then THINK AGAIN, I wish i certainly had.	
Jun 2 2007 	not such a great spot	this place is fine if you want to stay in this neighborhood and can't get a spot anywhere else. It's clean at least. But terrible mattress, no decor whatsoever, so-so staff.... just not a great use of money.	
Mar 16 2007	Excellent service	Last summer, our grandchild was hospitalized at GOSH. The staff members at the Waverly were wonderful. They were helpful in any and all ways, making a difficult time for us as easy as possible. The rooms were always clean and comfortable, breakfast enjoyable. We've stayed there since and have always found them ready to help, very comforting. It's location makes for enjoyable walks, shopping, and museum visiting. We recommend the Waverly Hotel highly.	
Feb 15 2007 	Short Stay	Stayed here on the 11th of february for 2 nights. well they charged for 2 nights when we really only checked in 2am monday morning and checked out at 3am on the 13th. any ways they charged us the full whack for it. the receptionist was very nice when we checked in so late, and as the bar was closed he gave us a couple of beers to take to our room with us. rooms are very small but we were only looking for somewhere to put our stuff and have a few hours sleep in. shower was nice, did the job. breakfast was good and the bar in the hotel is nice too. location is great!! restaraunts and banks all next door and tube station 2 min walk. basically if u are looking for a hotel with good location and dont care about the wallpaper or the colour of the carpet then stay here.	
Nov 6 2006 	Friendly and Helpful	Very friendly staff, who went out of their way to be helpful, especially the guy who returned my iPod I'd left there.Great location and good value for money. Breakfast was good.	
Oct 10 2006 	NIce location hotel should be in Blackpool	Stayed in this so called 3* hotel Oct 08 &amp; 09th. The hotel is in a great location but after spending around £100 per night its better to get a travelodge!! We have stayed in hotels around the country and paid 15 quid each a night for better! The hotel is in need of modernisation and the rooms are like rabbit hutches, we were on the 7th floor and facing the rear of the property. On the plus side the hotel is clean and the breakfast was lovely (self service). As mentioned on listings before there are no irons or trouser presses in the rooms, the shower has a mind of its own and you can hear every thing from a room two doors away. Somebody had set their Nokia mobile phone to alarm at 7:30 ish every morning but they must have been a deep sleeper or already at breakfast as it was sounding every 5 mins...... not a problem as we were up but it is something to take into consideration if you like a lay in or are a light sleeper and you have the honeymoon couple on the same floor! The location is great with two tube stations a short walk away. We had a great stay in London but try another hotel for your base!!!!	
Oct 5 2006	Death Room	We dropped off our bags and walked around london for the day, exploring the sights. On return, tired and in need of respite we checked in to our room. It looked as if Rigsby had been the interior designer here. Shocked and in awe of it's garish colour scheme. My friend went to shower to refresh him for the night out, and was scolded like a naughty child. The bath shower mixer didn't have a working cold tap. Further more the basin was blocked and did not take any water away. I had to syphon the water into the toilet pan, by means of a plastic cup. One high point of our stay, was the movie channel. Which displayed the dvd menu screen for resident evil, constantly during our stay. I believe it will be still playing now. speaking of resident evil, the staff at the check in were unhelpful, and spoke little english. Not a smile was displayed between them. Breakfast was included, but we felt inclined to abstain. The view from the room was hideous, and detracted slightly from the view of the terrible room itself. Apart from that the stay was fine.	
Sep 20 2006 	Shocking	This hotel was awful during my business stay. Salient points:No iron in room or upon request. I had to stand in the basement floor hallway and use the public iron on a disintegrating ironing board. Unacceptable, and hard to find as well.Breakfast was toast, bread or cornflakes. As cost included breakfast, I was stuck with paying for my breakfast elsewhere and not claiming it back.No A/C and the room was HOT. Additionally, there were women screaming across the courtyard and wolf whistling at guests who had opened the windows and curtains in an attempt to cool their rooms. This went on until midnight.The shower was like a hot coffin and the air extractor sounded like a helicopter.There weren't many directions plates, and the hallways were like a maze. There was one lift for the whole hotel, so I tried the stairs, and got lost more than once.A credit card scan was taken, but I was asked to pay on the evening before I checked out. Why?Decor was very dated.	
Sep 1 2006	Good location but that's about it	We spent a week in August 2006 at the Waverley House. We've stayed in the Bloomsbury area before and found it a convenient area to walk to many popular sites in London. We couldn't get a room where we had stayed before and decided on the Waverley House. The room was clean, but hadn't been remodeled in a while. It was quite small, but we are used to that in London hotels. The mattress was very lumpy and uncomfortable. The window didn't close completely so there was a lot of road noise. The lighting was very dim. The front desk staff was not too helpful when we asked for travel information. The English breakfast consisted of the typical fare, no variety from day to day, and the food wasn't very fresh- cold toast, dry cheese, etc. I would find another hotel next time.	
Aug 12 2006 	Never Again!	Stayed in Nov Reception on arrival rude and unhelpful! Room at top of hotel small, dingy, dirty, cracked tiles in bathroom, generally dirty and heating not working!! Breakfast the worst full english i've ever tasted. We went for romantic break but felt too cold and dirty to enjoy experience. For the money we were ripped off	
Jul 31 2006 	Not very friendly	The hotel is in a good area with only a 5 min walk to the closest tube station (Russell Square), when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist didnt even say hello when I was at the desk, I said we have come to check in, she just looked at her watch and said we were too early and that we would have to wait until 3pm, she didnt even offer us the service to take our bags for us, I had to ask her. She was really sourfaced and with that attitude should not be working on the front desk of a hotel.The room was very small and a little grubbly round the edges of the floor, the bathroom was tiny, and the room was extremely hot (no AC) however we couldn't sleep with the windows open as our room backed onto another building next door, with their roof terrace and all we could hear was the buzzing of their AC unit! we asked if there were any other rooms avaliable but there wernt and the receptionist had a real attitutde about investigating it anyway.The breakfast was ok but nothing special. However after all the negatives, myself and my partner had a very good enjoyable weekend in London, just not in the hotel!!	
Jul 22 2006 	Hotel in need of updating	This hotel is in need of some updating. We stayed in a room in which the bathroom window did not close properly and the room generally was a little bit grubby. Can't fault the breakfast as it was lovely. Location wise the hotel could not be better placed. It is a 20 min walk to Covent Garden and 30 min walk to Regent St.	
Jul 5 2006	Booking Nightmare	Having booked the hotel through the Aquarius Hotels website, four days prior to arrival, I arrived at the hotel to find that they had no record of my booking despite me having a print-off with the reservation number. I was advised that they were overbooked and on asking where our group of 4 were supposed to sleep, they recommended a hotel with apparent vacancies five minutes away. On asking how this could happen, he told me that their booking system had been down for the past 3/4 days but by his attitude and lack of concern/sympathy, I got the impression that overbooking was part of the hotel's policy and he was very used to having to turn 'booked-in' guests away. On request of the complaints book, I was handed a piece of A4 paper, which was clearly destined for the waste bin. Unless you are happy to spend a good part of your trip trying to source another hotel in central London, I wouldn't recommend booking here.	
Jun 3 2006	Friendly area budget and clean Waverley	Within walking distance of the theatre district (and close to British museum, London Uni and shopping districts, in literary Bayswater) safe area at night, close to Underground (direct from heathrow) and buses, friendly and generally helpful staff, all you can eat English breakfast, old fashioned but clean huge rooms and bathroom with lots of supplies, and rather cheaper than others in its category, what else could you ask for?I don't go for the most budget category anymore (in London plenty cramped tiny rooms where you overhear everything from the next rooms and no view, unfriendly staff in most of my experiences) so for £10 more (80 to 105 twin or double on Expedia) it's a bargain.Rooms are a lot different (one to three huge windows, for instance).My favourite has a sofa, two armchairs, two desks two windows and a balcony beside the usual features, but it overlooks the street so is a little noisier.Get a room at the back that is not smaller. Enjoy.	
Oct 17 2005	Ideal cheap city break	I have stayed at this hotel 6 times over the last 18 months with a couple of female friends when we visit London for shopping or a show. It is a middle class hotel with all the basic amenities you would need. We always have a triple room on the 4th or 6th floor. I don't recommend a lower floor because of the traffic noise. The bathrooms are basic but adequate. The staff are always very friendly and helpful. The breakfasts are extremely good. There is a bar which is open very late for residents and a cocktail bar which is very pleasant. The hotel is situated within walking distance of two tube stops for shopping etc but quite honestly you could walk to Covent Garden. A taxi is very cheap and easy to hail right outside. The hotel has no parking but the Bedford Hotel opposite offers underground secure parking - £20 for 24 hours.	
Jul 28 2005 	For one night only (thankfully)	I was only booked in for 1 night, as luck would have it. The place is in dire need of smartening up - scuffed paint everywhere. Bedroom was small (not at all unusual in London though), dated and erm, functional. Apart from the TV which didn't function at all...and the sink which was reluctant to empty. The decor was pretty gruesome - vomit yellow blown vinyl wallpaper, anyone ?Breakfast was adequate, although how much trouble is it to have fresh fruit rather than tinned ?The one saving grace was the central location, however I would not wish to stay there again.	
Dec 13 2004	Plunged into darkness	Stayed overnight 9th December and was pleasantly suprised by the room considering the low price we were paying....clean bathroom, extra pillows, coffee maker. Unfortunately there was a power cut in half the hotel just as we had finished getting ready to go out. The staff couldn't have cared less...very laid back and didn't even inform new customers of the situation, very disappointed with their behaviour especially when the whole hotel was finally plunged into darkness. No apologies, no nothing. I know it wasn't their fault but a bit of common courtesy wouldn't have gone amiss.	
Nov 10 2004	Waverley Daviley	What a barnstormer! I was staying at the hotel for a meeting of the Frome Cheesemakers Society, which was re-scheduled to london due to the Foot and Mouth crisis 3 years ago. The rooms were clean and the service was polite and helpful. Dave from room service was even able to offer us some late night nibbles!	
Jul 29 2004 	Horrible hotel bad service	I was booked at this hotel for a meeting at the Institute for Education and I checked out after one night. The rooms were horrible, very small, overlooking a dark brick building with awful bathrooms. The other professor that was with me instantly declared that we would leave this hotel--which we did. We went across the street to that Barcley--which had wonderful service and was the same price as this hotel. London is expensive but do your best to find other good deals--because this is not a hotel you want to be in.	
Dec 9 2003	A not-so-friendly hotel	My recent stay at the Waverley House Hotel was disappointing, not so much because of the basic level of accommodation (including a fairly grotty and tiny bathroom) but because of the unfriendly and abrupt reception. As a 'local' (well someone from the 'friendly north') I was embarrassed at the way in which the person on the reception desk treated guests from other countries in such an off-hand and unhelpful manner. Having recently stayed in equivalent-price hotels in Paris and Barcelona - which don't always have a reputation for friendliness to 'foreigners' - I found the general atmosphere at the Waverley House Hotel extremely disappointing. Tourist hospitality certainly has a long way to go!	
Nov 10 2003	Good value comfortable	I have just returned from a theatre/shopping trip to London with my daughter. After booking the theatre tickets we decided to stay overnight and go shopping the next day. Finding a good, reasonably priced hotel was a nightmare. They were either overpriced or did not have good reviews.We eventually booked the Waverley House Hotel and just hoped for the best. We were not disappointed.Check in was supposed to be 3.00 pm, but we arrived early at 1.00 pm and were still able to get into our room and freshen up before our visit to the theatre (The Lion King - absolutely fantastic!).Our room was clean and comfortable with very friendly, helpful staff. The room was a good size, with all the comforts you need; soft, fluffy white towels, television, coffee machine and extra pillows! If I had to make one bad comment, it would be that perhaps a bit of decorating wouldn't go amiss - peeling paint, cracked tile, but it was still kept very clean. I had asked for a non-smoking room, which we got, and we were on the fifth floor, which had a good view of the main street.The full Englsih breakfast was very good - hot with a good choice (although the orange juice tasted a bit watered down!).We paid £70 for a twin room (inc breakfast) which was great value for money. After checking out we were able to leave our bags for the day and return to collect them at the end of our shopping trip.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will definitely use it for our next trip to London.	
Oct 21 2009 	Atención con este hotel		
Aug 26 2009 	Zeer incorrect en lomp optreden staf en personeel		
Mar 24 2009 	?????????????????		
Feb 27 2009 	?????????????		
