Nov 3 2009 	clean and friendly front desk but the smallest double rooms in the world	coffee,hair drier etc.but no room to put anything bigger than a handbag.Breakfast ok but those rooms should be turned into singles.	
Oct 15 2009	Good location but cramped	Hotel nearby Earls Court tube station. Small twin room en suite, just barely space for 2 suitcases. Small is also the operative word for the breakfast room. Seemed a little bit too small around 8.30 - 9.00. I was satisfied with the cleaning of our room during our stay. But when we left I lifted the beds to see if we had dropped anything under them. It did not look like it had been cleaned in quite a while. The location is good though with many good restaurants and pubs in the area. All in all a hotel I would not bring the family, but for a football and pub trip with the guys; it's quite OK.	
Oct 15 2009 	Hotel Lord Jim / Bed bugs.	Hotel Lord Jim has a standard far below what we expected. The rooms were tiny, dirty, smelly and the staff were not polite or nice. We intended to stay for four nights but left after one night.. We were not alone in our room, our beds were also a place for bed bugs.The manager didnt see this as a problem , for us it was a big one.Find any other hotel , dont stay at Lord Jim.	
Oct 9 2009 	Bedbugs	We came to stay early october and found rooms so small we could hardly fit in our suitcases, not like the pictures at all. But it was getting worse, far worse, the rooms had bedbugs. We left the hotel the next morning and found another one. The state of the rooms were below any standard. The worst was that the management did not see the bedbugs as a problem. They should take the problem seriously and clean out this filthy hotel. Who wants to wake up with the bed full of bloodstains from the hungry bugs???! Disgusting! Do not stay at Lord Jim!	
Sep 22 2009 	One large advantage - very good location	Only one reason if you wish to choose this hotel – very convenient location/arrangement. The metro station (Earl's Court Station) is located in 1 minute of walking from hotel; this branch line connects directly to Heathrow and to the centre too. It’s the beautiful and well-known area Kensington. There are a lot of shops, pubs, the cafe Internet - and so forth. It’s simply pleasant area.Hotel very poor inside, at enough high prices even for 2 stars hotel. Class rooms «single with a shower» tiny, all furniture are very old, a bath is not too pure, it’s very noisy all night long (at least for those who receives numbers on 1 or 2 floors). A breakfast is poor. The basic disadvantages – it’s not enough area/place, the old age, dirtiness, noise. I don’t approach for family rest and/or rest with children, only for young people/students or the people travelling on affairs of business.	
Sep 22 2009 	Don't stay here we had a terrible time	I booked this hotel and asked for a 3 bedded room. On check-in the room they gave us was a 2 bedded and at first they said a 3rd bed had not been requested. They gave me a copy of their reservation paperwork and sure enough, my request was there, they had just failed to read it. They said there was nothing they could do for us that night, despite one of us having to sleep on the floor. However, they did say they would move us the next day. Next, the toilet didn't work so the workman came to fix it, didn't knock before entering and caught my friend getting changed. When I started to voice my displeasure they offered to refund £15 (10 USD) saying that as they had upgraded us to another room, we did not really qualify for a refund. In reality, they had now given us the origional room I had reserved. The Lady on the front dest was appaling and her poor manner, lack of respect and very poor attitude was disgraceful. Words cannot describe the horrid-ness of this person.The first room was very, very shabby and some of the furniture had not been dusted in some time. There was not enough room to swing a cat and of course, the toilet didn't work for the duration of our stay in that room.The second room was an improvement on the first and nicely decorated. However, the shower room/bathroom/toilet smelled damp.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great hotel	My friend and I stayed at the Lord Jim two different times during our stay in London and we were very pleased. The staff was very accomedating. In fact on our return to London we were to stay at a hotel across the street and they didn't have a room for us and the Lord Jim set us up with rooms on short notice. The gentleman that worked at the front desk went out of his way to help us,. Everyone helped us out . The rooms were small but comfortable and very nice and clean. I would recomend this hotel to anyone. It was also close to shopping and the tube.Thanks especially to the young gentleman that spoke six or so languages!! Deb &amp; Deni	
Jul 19 2009	School Trip	Lord Jim's ist practical for people who'll stay for two or three days at London. The most terrible breakfast I ever had was there, so everyone should take a look for the next bakery. I can't complain about the rooms, they were clean and big. We just had to look for the light switch, who was in the closet.	
Jul 10 2009 	Not a good choice	I was looking forward to staying at this hotel and have been to three hotels in the area, but this was the most disappointing one. Incredibly cramped rooms for not a small price, daytime staff was impudent, don't count on the wifi actually working and most time it will be very slow.There are other choices out there (at least fifteen hotels in the same street) and if you look ahead of time you're very likely to find something much more appeasing that this. I have.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent value for money	Overall my stay at the Lord Jim was great. We had a nice room, they are small rooms as all hotels in London are but I wouldn't say it was cramped although the bathroom was definitely compact - fully functional though.The staff were extremely helpful, especially in the morning. It was the day of the tube stikes and they were keeping up to date with line information and gave excellent advice on how to complete my journey to work.If you're looking for a nice hotel and a great price in London that's literally round the corner from the tube station then this is a great place to consider.	
May 12 2009 	Basically a place to sleep	The exterior of the hotel is very nice. I've attached a photo to this review. It's hit and miss with some of the staff tho. The gentleman who checked us in was very friendly, personable and helpful, but the morning clerk was about as disinterested as one could be. Our shower actually stuck in the ON position and for the life of us, we couldn't turn it off. The morning clerk seemed quite put out that he had to turn it off for us. He even struggled to get it turned off – then acted as if we were silly for not being able to do it ourselves. The shower drain was rather backed up too which made us worry about the overflow. Oddly, the bathroom is raised a few inches off the main room floor. We stubbed our toes a few times until we got used to it. But if the shower overflows, your room will get wet.Our room was the tiniest hotel room I had EVER stayed in anywhere. Just about enough room for a twin bed, and that's pretty much it. (See the photo with this review.) The bathroom seemed modern and clean, but it was quite tiny as well. Large people would do well to steer clear of this hotel. But we didn't book it for the amenities, we just wanted a cheap place near London. And that's pretty much what we got.We might stay there again, but will try to look for something a little roomier.	
Apr 8 2009 	Average hostel	I have been to this hotel in late March, it is very very close to tube, can reach the tube within 2 minutes, and there are many fastfood restaurant for selection (Such as KFC, Burger King (recently renovated due to rat problem), McDonald, Sub-way and so on). There is also free wifi. Yet the room is extremely small, not enough to have a luggage box fully opened. There is also a strong smell of mold from the carpet.	
Mar 29 2009	Disappointed	I had booked the Lord Jim as a week end away birthday treat for my daughter's 25th birthday. Initially, I had mixed feelings after reading reviews and with hindsight, I should have heeded them. The hotel photos look cosy and inviting and great value for money, but this was not our experience.On arrival, the male receptionist was very courteous and pleasant and checked us in speedily as we were loaded with bags etc. we were given our key and room number, but not directed to it's whereabouts. We found it, It was broom cupboard no.3 behind reception at the front of the hotel. I had booked a twin room, as I didn't think my grown up daughter would want to 'share with mummy', but she had no choice as it was a double bed not twin, and the hotel had no other rooms available. We laughed it off and decided to make the most of our cupboard. We went out for a meal, as there are a good selection of reastaurants, bars and cafes all within 2 minutes walking distance of the hotel. Returned to our room at 10pm and were unable to watch tv as it is a flat screen high on the wall above the bathroom door, however, you could see the picture if you stood by the window! We were unable to get to sleep because of the high level of noise (laughing, screaming, shouting etc) coming from the room below us, I finally reported this to reception at midnight. The same receptionist from earlier said he would sort it and advised me to call from our room if I needed him again. By 3am, still noisy and still no sleep, I tried to call reception and the phone didn't work! Back to reception in my PJ's, again I reported the noise from below our room, again I was told it would be sorted. No apology was received at either time. The noise still continued. Finally got to sleep somewhere about 4am, so if you are a nightowl, or out most of the night, this shouldn't be a problem. However, if you need to sleep in, this isn't possible either due to traffic noise, doors slamming around the hotel etc.Breakfast was basic, but fresh......O.J, toast, croissants, cereal, fruit bowl, coffee was excellent - something needed to be be!On checking out, met another male receptionist who was also courteous and polite and let us leave our luggage at the hotel to be collected later.	
Mar 11 2009	Nicegood value for money	Stayed for 5 nights in triple room.Small but clean,bathroom very small but clean and nice hot shower.People complaining about breakfast most probably not used to anything better at home,we enjoyed a good breakfast every morning.Will go back in future and recommend to friends,good value for money	
Jan 18 2009 	It wasnt as bad as I was expecting...	I wasn't too keen on going to this place after reading the reviews on here, but the others I was going to london with, were fine with it, so it was booked.It wasn't as bad as I was expecting. The room seemed clean enough, and I didn't see any beasties. The room and bathroom were small. And the room was very hot. We arrived late in the evening, in December, and when we entered our room, it was roasting hot. And that was with the window open. We closed the window to keep the beasties out and went out for something to eat. The next day, the heat in the room didn't seem so bad...Overall, it was OK. But I wouldn't book it again, incase I wasn't so lucky next time and got a different room that wasn't as nice...	
Dec 7 2008 	fire doors	enjoyed weekend ,front of hotel really inviting and clean, but our room was downstairs, it was no.33 triple room, the view of the courtyard could have been pleasant but instead bags of rubbish were to be seen, and out side our bedroom door we had bags of the hotel laundry which stunk to high heaven not one bag but twelve bags of it within a foot of our door!!! Our main problem was the noise at 0700hrs as the kitchen staff came on duty, both mornings we were woken by them, even though I had advised reception the night before, if only we had been told where the room was situated we would certainly have changed rooms, also I was concerned about the fire doors being fastened back, the main ones being by the laundry outside our room and the very close proximity of the kitchen, three times I took the cord of these doors so that they could be closed, also the fire doors by reception were fastened back, I questioned the practise and was told that they just put the blue stickers on but they did not mean anything!!!	
Nov 30 2008 	Acceptable Hotel	I ended up at the Lord Jim Hotel quite by accident when The Cromwell Hotel had overbooked me and made arrangements to send me to the Lord Jim. The French receptionist, I wish I knew his name, was absolutely terrific and comforting. The room and bathroom were pretty decent, but plain. The bathroom did not have a bathtub, just a shower. The hotel is pretty close to the Earls Court Tube stop.	
Oct 29 2008 	Very disappointing	The front entry and the common room (tv, internet, coffee/tea room) are very well presented &amp; inviting. Very obliging &amp; friendly staff member at reception on our arrival day allowed us to check into our room very early rather than the usual 2pm. Our triple room was very small even for London's standard. I was expecting small but this was much worse &amp; quite dark &amp; drabby. First things first after a long night on a plane...a shower, which proceeded to backup..blocked drain! Advised staff, went out for breakfast, on our return we're moved to an even smaller room! This was on the very top floor &amp; was more like an attic room with positively no room to move. I'm sure it was a storage room before they decided to throw some beds in it. I requested a better room, stated we were prepared to pay more but nothing avail. The linen was of very poor standard (old prickly blankets) Terrible ventilation, quite stuffy, like sleeping in a wardrobe! Accomodation incl. breakfast which was very much below standard. Cereal, juice, foul coffee, cold tea, one only choice of fruit (orange) for the entire 4 sittings we had. Plastic cheese, no cold meat, no eggs. But they did bring to your table fresh toast &amp; jam.Of course location is excellent...just around the corner from tube &amp; buses. At $800 + Australian dollars for the 4 nights, I expected better accomodation. I would NEVER stay here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	A nice stay and excellent value for money!	Once a year I go to London on holidays. This was the first time I went with my parents and my sister and we really enjoy the stay in the hotel.We booked a quad room via internet and everybody was so happy with the price and the place!The hotel is located in Earls Court, two minutes walking from the tube and easy to find and there are a lot of restaurants and several supermarkets around.The room was not very big but it´s normal when there are 4 people with 4 suitcases, handbags and everybody clothes around. The bedding was ok, there was a small tv, a hair-dryer and a kettle for tea and coffee and almost every day we had clean towels...Everything was clean, the commune areas, the dinning room, our own room and the inside bathroom...We specially enjoy the breakfast. You could have cereals, toasts, buns and croissants, coffee, two different sort of juices and fresh fruit!The receptionists were so friendly. Every day after our journey around the city they ask where did we go, what we are going to do the next day, they even recommend us more places to go!The unique inconvenient we had was the first night we stay, the water tanker was a little bit noisy because it was flowing water but in the morning I told one of the receptionist and when we came back the problem was sorted out.On November I am planning another trip to London with my boyfriend, so if they can give me a good price I will go there for sure!	
May 6 2008 	Convenient Lord Jim	For a european hotel, I can't complain about the Lord Jim. If you need a huge space to lounge around this is not the place for you, but if you're going to be sightseeing and not spending much time in the room, its close and convenient to a tube station, clean and has a standard european breakfast. The price is average for the area and not one to complain about, especially so close to central london.	
Mar 20 2008 	Just say no	Horrible. First, I checked in and the linens had not been changed and the room had not been cleaned. They promised to clean the room for me so I left to go to the British Museum. I came back and the linens were changed, but I saw 2 bugs in the room that may have been a type of roach but I can't be sure. They moved me to a different room that was a bit cleaner so it was a bit better.One day I went down to leave for sightseeing and a man and his son was arguing with the owner because they had apparently had the same problem. The hotel staff did nothing to help the guy and they don't know the meaning of customer service and from what I heard, the guy had some valid points that I had noticed as well. The customer even pleaded for my backup, but since I still had a couple of nights left of my trip and the hotel had my credit card info (they do seem kind of shifty there as another person mentioned) I didn't want to peeve anyone off. The breakfast area is so small that I did not get breakfast some days. There was a family of 3 eating at a 4 person table and the staff just plopped my bowl for cereal down at the table with the family. I felt awkward intruding on their conversation so I ate in my toast while standing up and vowed to eat McDs for breakfast by the tube station. In short, it was horrible. No service, no cleanliness, and I just had an uneasy feeling about the place. I locked my luggage every day before I went out because I had heard a couple of other posters on thes boards say that they had stuff stolen. Nothing of mine was stolen, but just trust me...get to breakfast early, bring a can of bug spray and some cleaning wipes, and take steps to secure your stuff.	
Feb 28 2008	AWFUL	This hotel is a joke. We got to the hotel early and were allowed to leave our bags. We returned at the time to chcek in only to be told they had no rooms? A complete lack of organisation and very suspiscious. We were told the previous occupants had not checked out so we could not have the room. Surely, we have priority over the room we booked for that night? We had no choice but to stay in a hotel opposite after spending hours searching for a suitable hotel in the first place. Very disappointed and could have potentially ruined our weekend.	
Jan 15 2008 	just to get your head down...	We were going to a wedding in shepherds bush and were looking for something nearby that was a little cheaper then the £80 chain hotels in the area.The Lord Jim was just £50 for a double room ...bargain. For that price and such a decent location (few steps away from earls court tube) there had to something wrong right? ...well, the rooms were tiny ... but we just didn't find this a problem in our circumstances. It was clean, good service, bathroom small but fine, great brekkie as part of price, didn't mind our late check in ... and as somewhere to just sleep... perfik. If you're a large space snob ...steer clear ...if you're willing to compromise space for a £30 discount. Book.	
Jan 14 2008 	Better than expected	Okay the decorating leaves a bit to be desired and the rooms are small ... but be reasonable. This is a budget hotel that delivers comfortable beds, hot showers and breakfast inclusive rates.I had room 2. It was tiny, but at the back so quiet. Fresh, crisp sheets, 24 hour reception (in London for a party) and friendly breakfast staff with fresh toast. Nice guy on reception too.Would I go back - yes.	
Dec 3 2007 	loved the lord jim	we had a lovely weekend in the lord jim. it is a lovely clean hotel with good service from all members of staff. room was small but had all we needed. location excellent. facilties good with tea making, television, phone, hairdryer and clean towels and complimentary toiletries. breakfast was toast, croissants, juice, fresh fruit, tea coffee and cereal. we would recommend it for a stay in london	
Oct 4 2007 	You couldn't pick somwhere worse to stay!	I'm not on to normally complain about a hotel - but this one is beyond bad!the two good points about this hotel are that it's in a great location. and it has an elevator (too bad about the flight of steps at the front - they will watch you struggle with your luggage)4 mins walk from earls court. but thats all. there's a lot of other hotels with a similarly great location! starting with check-in. i handed over my wotif booking. they proceeded to tell me they had never heard of it, and my booking wasn't valid. 15 minutes later, the check in man finally asked his manager who said, yes, i could stay, but i should call wotif as the booking wasn't valid.i had to pay again before they would give me access to my room. not happy!kudo's to wotif, who i then called &amp; they fixed it up in about 2 minutes.i recieved a phone call in my room to 'come down now'. they then gave me a refund.the room's are tiny, grubby, and in need of a refurb. the linen is stained which is very scary.neither the tv or hairdryer in my room worked (which the reception man found funny...and then said he couldn't fix)the shower is appalling. you get about 3 mins of warm water &amp; then it turns off. for about 3 mins - not fun when you are trying to wash your hair!the 'free' wifi dosen't work at all. so you'll pay a minimum 10 pounds per 24 hours to use another wifi service.i would recommend people stay absolutely anywhere then there. there are similarly priced hotels (such as best western where i am now), around that are around the same price, and far better in standard.	
Jul 21 2007 	Not bad at all	I was a bit uneasy during booking cause I had read several negative reviews about this hotel on the net but I had very limited time left and honestly had no much other choice to make so I booked online and went. I have stayed there for a week and can say that it was much better than I have expected .First the positive sides: The location is in a very close walking distance to tube station (Earls Court) and is in a convenient,safe area. There are several eating places (fast food /rest /cafe )and supermarkets around in case you need.The bathroom was very small but it was quite new&amp;clean.The room/bed was also clean.The towels were provided and though not everyday,they were changed from time to time.As to negative sides: The room is really small-not much place to place your stuff and even walk. Sheets were not changed during this one week.The street where the hotel is located,can be sometimes noisy at nights (other many hotels and people around) and since in warm weathers the window is open, this may be a bit distrubing at nights.Similary if the people in the hotel are the noisy and &quot;door-banging&quot; types,you may hear those as well.The breakfast hours were quite early (7:30-9:00) and the breakfast room was very small.In order to find a place, you had to go quite early-which was not very preferable for me after walking all day in the city.One other thing ,before going there I had sent an e-mail to the hotel to confirm my booking and had no reply from them at all -which I found unprofessional.Anyway, I think that from this level hotels (2-3 stars/ b&amp;b) in London ,you shouldn't expect much. Yes,they are pricy (compared to the service) but still can't be compared with global standards. Therefore if it is clean and central that should be ok -at least that was all my expectation and I can say that Lord Jim was quite ok in that sense.However if you are looking for some more quality and comfort I'd suggest to go for at least 4-star hotels.Hope that helps!	
Jul 6 2007	Cleanliness needs great improvement	The location &amp; price is why I chose this hotel. Located at Earls Court Tube Station(3mins walk) is along the Piccadilly Line(=direct line to Heathrow) and among the few stations that has handicap access(=with elevators=luggage friendly).View from room window is of quiet tree-lined neighbourhood(not bad!). Hotel has a tiny lift to most floors(=luggage friendly). Room and toilet is very small. The room itself seemed ok at first look with new wallpaper &amp; new bathroom fittings. But the cleaniness was horrible. The toilet walls and door are smeared with toothpaste???, fingersmudges and other ??? stuffs. The shower cubicle's floor and the wash basin were slimy. Shower very weak. The bed-linen was moldy when bedcover and blanket was pulled away coz rather warm and w/o air-conditioning in room. The phone and remote control were sticky with orange juice or sth.Cleaniness is the most important factor when choosing a hotel. I sincerely hope they can improve as their other factors are not that bad.	
Nov 27 2006 	Visit to Natural History Museum	Location is great, hotel terrible. Booked a room for five for three nights. When we arrived we were told this room was out of action-even though I had phoned on the morning to check arrangements. Told we had to have two rooms. Our children are only young-so this was a total inconvenience. One room reasonable, the other had a really unpleasant smell. After moving a set of drawers found a mouse poison trap. Hence the smell. Moved us after complain after one night. Windows opened fully onto a three storey drop-so we had to suffer the smell, or risk death by falling. Had paid up front so no recourse.	
Nov 26 2006 	Concert convenience	Bearing in mind recent reviews went with some trepidation. Should not have worried, excellent location to the Earls Court tube station and the Centre. Receptionist pleasant and check in/out was smooth. Room was bijou, but warm and clean with great shower. Breakfast was absolutely fine with efficient service (quick tip get in close to 8am rather than 8.30 when it gets very busy, as room is small)Overall a no frills, positive experience which was excellent value made better by a magnificent performance from George Michael..	
Aug 4 2006	Not recommended	This hotel has you pay up front for your entire stay, with no refunds. After staying there I can see why! The room was worn, with torn wallpaper, hole in the carpet, musty odor, etc. Sheets and towels were clean, as was the bathroom. No air conditioning. Most of staff were quite helpful, but a few were grumpy. Breakfast was minimal. The location is quite convenient to the Underground and a variety of pubs and restaurants.Basically you get the quality of a Motel 6 or Red Roof Inn at 3 times the price. Not awful, but if you shop you can find much better for the money.	
Jul 26 2006 	Be very wary of this place!	Warning, stay away from this hotel!. I booked on travelstay(-) for a single room in July. When I turned up at the Lord Jim reception I was told that I was actually booked in to another hotel owned by the same people. So I walked to the Court Hotel on Earls Court Road and found it to be a door with a shabby awning over it between two shops. When I checked in my room was tiny, but clean and comfortable apart from the noisy road and a window that didn't close properly. Needless to say I didn't get much sleep because of sirens and other traffic noise. There was a sink in the room with a hot water unit on the wall but with no tap coming from it so actually no use. One of the communal showers was also broken. In the morning was the worst part though, I went down for breakfast expecting the continental breakfast promised at the Lord Jim. Instead I was faced with a &quot;do-it-yourself&quot; kitchen where there was white bread for toast and margarine and jam on the table. To make things worse there was hair in the margarine. The &quot;chioce&quot; of drinks was instant coffee or tea bags. As I don't eat white bread I was unable to eat breakfast at the hotel. Guests were also expected to wash their own dishes after they had used them! Even if brown bread had been on offer I doubt I would have eaten in that kitchen at all.So if you so book to stay at the Lord Jim Hotel but are told when you arrive that you are actually staying in the Court Hotel don't go there. Fight for the room you have booked in the Lord Jim on the quiet side road with a full continental breakfast. I found out later that the Court Hotel is infact registered as a hostel, not a 2* hotel. This is called misrepresentation and is illegal. I paid to stay in a 2* hotel and ended up in a hostel!	
Jun 29 2006	Home sweet closet	My family stayed at Lord Jim's last summer. We would not stay there again. We called it &quot;home, sweet closet&quot; for four days. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls. The only way to reach the sink was by sitting on the end of the bed. My dad's knees hit the bathroom door when he sat on the toilet. It has to be admitted, though, that the breakfast was very good. We loved the tea. But it's London; you can find good tea somewhere else.	
Jun 27 2006	Good Deal and Convenient Location!	Our stay at the Lord Jim was everything we expected and hoped for in a hotel of this class. We live in Europe and are frequent global travelers and London is a favorite destination of ours. We've stayed in places that were a disgarce compared to the Lord Jim, paying more for a room and dealt with rude, incompetent staff, unclean rooms, etc at some of those other places- the Central Park Hotel in Bayswater comes to mind- (It was awful)...but not so at the Lord Jim! The experience with this hotel and its convenient location was pleasant and a GREAT deal for the money. True, the breakfast room is small, but we surmounted that in part by arriving as early as possible, for one thing. More of a problem was that when we arrived each day, some of the guests were reluctant or refused to share open seating at the communal tables with folks they didn't know. For instance, virtually every time we went to breakfast, there would be 1 or 2 people taking up a table with 4 seats, and much grumbling if we asked if we could use their available, unused seats. Come on, it won't kill anyone to share a table with strangers for a half hour or so. People sit next to strangers at lunch and cafe/bar counters all of the time, don't they? And though the breakfast spread would not rival that of the Ritz Carlton, it was certainly of an adequate quality. Coffee, tea, juice, rolls, croissants, creals, hard boiled eggs, toast, jam, butter and fruit, exactly what I'd expect at a hotel in this class. The breakfast room staff stayed right on top of things and were quite accommodating. Our double-bedded room was very small, but we expected that as well for this hotel category- it was clean, well-provisioned, and comfortable. That's all we require, especially since we're not even in our hotel room most of the time while touring. But it makes it that much nicer when the room you return to after a day of sightseeing and exploring is cozy and clean. Our room there was always clean and well-kept.. The LJ is located on a lovely, quiet street. The staff in the reception area were always friendly, patient and helpful during the course of our stay. There is Internet service in the vicinity of the reception area, as well as snack vending machines. Continental breakfast was included with room price. A big plus is the close proximity to the Earl's Court tube station- just a short stroll away, and also there are quite a few shops, pubs and eateries nearby.We wouldn't hesitate to book at the Lord Jim again, it passed all of our expectations for the price range and we had a thoroughly enjoyable stay.	
Oct 13 2005	Very pleasant stay!	I had previously read some bad reviews on this website and was worried what my stay would be like. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were very friendly and very helpful. Our family room was ample size. The accommodation was basic but that was what we paid for. The room was clean and all the facilities described were available. We were provided with clean towels each day and the bathroom was also cleaned daily. Staying at the Lord Jim made our first stay in London as a family very enjoyable and we would definitely stay there again. The location was excellent for travel around London.	
May 23 2005	Nice people bad room	Booked over the internet 1 double room with bathroom. When I came , no such room was available although already paid. Instead I got a room, more like a corridor 2 beds in the lenghts of the room. A shower was inside, but using it made the floor al wet ( damp and smelly air in the room) since the door was fixed with insulation tape. This seemed an old problem since parts of the floor were rotten and just failed.The ad promised a new hotel and I found an old one. The people at the desk were nice and friendly. The russian's who did the breakfast not. The breakfast was : coffee, toast, slice of cheese. I asked for juice buth got a simple &quot;finished!&quot;.The area of the hotel is nice, and good connected. Next time I would consider a stay there, but find a hotel in the same area myself since the whole street had vacancies.	
Apr 4 2005	I will stay at the Lord Jim again	I brought a group of 25 college and faculty to London for spring break and we stayed at the Lord Jim for five nights. Our experience there was perfectly acceptable. Be prepared for small rooms, but that's London. They were a bit traveler worn, but exceptionally clean. Most significantly, most of the staff members are clearly &quot;first class&quot; in their friendliness and concern about our stay---in fact, the service staff is above average compared to the majority of hotels I have stayed in the U.S. and I have traveled quite a bit. Omar and Pascal, evening staff, were especially helpful. The breakfast was plentiful. We felt very safe in the Earl's Court area and the Lord Jim is just around the corner from the Piccadilly, District and Circle Lines. Overall, we had a positive stay and I would stay there again. Anneliese from the U.S.	
Jan 6 2005	Yuk!!	Don't even think about it. Had the misfortune to stay there on a recent business trip. No hot water in the morning, no apology and no decrease on bill. All in all a truly miserable experience. Plenty of other good hotels in the area. Don't stay at the Lord Jim!	
Oct 11 2004	Lord Jim was ok for the money	The lord Jim was ok. Easy to get to from the Earls Court Tube station and close to busses.Room (there were 3 of us a family) had a double bed and a single. The bathroom was very small. Your knees almost touch the door when sitting on the toilet and the shower is small. The sink is in the main part of the room not in the bathroom. (We had to sit on the single bed to use the sink).Breakfast was toast, hard boiled eggs, coffee, juice, cereal, crossants and fruit. You aren't limited on how much you eat.I feel that we got a decent value since we did stay at one of the cheapest places in town! And the rooms were clean. And yes the walls are kind of thin and the floors do squeak but in the evening everyone was quite so we didn't have any noise problems at all.	
Sep 7 2004	Good clean rooms	Good clean rooms for the price with a friendly warm welcome, would recommend this hotel if you need to stay in earls court. .	
Jul 24 2004	A Dump!	Can't even imagine what it was like before it was remodeled!!! Paint peeling, wall paper hanging off the wall, no toilet lid, and the bed sinks in the middle like a banana. There are about 20 other hotels on this same nice street, any would be better!	
Jun 26 2004	Bad hotel in good location	Room was so small you couldn't close the bathroom door when you sat on the toilet, and you had to climb over the toilet to get into the shower. Pillows so flat we had to use our clothing under them, and bed sagged so badly we were joined at the hip and miserable. Location is good but there are a ton of hotels in the area. Find a different one!	
Jun 25 2004	OK but wouldn't go again.	The entrance lobby fills you with hope. Marble floors and surfaces, a chandelier and clean, shiny mirrors. Nearby, there's a small lounge which is inviting to an extent. The seats are a little uncomfortable but the tv is a good size, the internet computer is only 7p a minute and there's coffee and drinks machines as well.Once you get up the stairs, things begin to change. You begin to realise the owners spent a lot on the entrance lobby, but the rest of the hotel has been let be. Toilet and Shower facilities are less than impressive and the floors creak so much, you worry you might be waking everyone up. That doesn't matter though, because the other guests will return to favour into the small hours with noise from their TVs and general nattering. The walls are direct from the set of Fawlty Towers. If you didn't see it, the walls shock when you closed the door or if you sneezed, they were that thin.The two rooms I saw both had sinks in them, directly next to the bed which was a bit wierd. Nonetheless, you also got a towel, soap, a tv (fuzzy but with some digital channels) and a telephone (mine didn't work). Rooms are a good size, but you do get a 'bedsit' feeling from them. Beds themselves could pass as being comfortable. One night would be enough.Overall, the Lord Jim is an average hotel. You get what you pay for. Other than the lobby, it is in need of modernisation. If you just want a bed for one night in a good location and don't want to spend more than £40, the Lord Jim is for you. 	
Mar 30 2004	Stay Away From This Place!	Broken floors in filthy bath. No hot water, and the management would not lower the room charge (75 GBP per night) for this horrible condition. Paper thin walls (noisy).	
Mar 4 2004	Could take it or leave it	Worst part - rooms definitely not like the pictures. Wall paper coming off, lime covering the shower head, malfunctioning toilets, flat pillows, blankets in fray.Best part - nice staff, good location.	
Feb 20 2004 	group-trip to lord jim hotel	We stayed in the hotel from Feb 5th to Feb 8th with a group of 24 students. The rooms were small, but clean, all had showers. The breakfast was definitely above average - including boiled egg, fresh fruit, cheese and ham - very friendly and helpful staff; good location - close to Earls Court underground station, good food-place closeby (Dino's) and nice pub on the main road. Would come again any time.	
Feb 8 2004	Great Location!	stayed at here for one night. friendly people &amp; great area. can't beat the price for what you get...	
Dec 17 2003	Good value	Stayed for two nights at the Lord Jim. Our room was tiny but very reasonable, at 50GBP per night for two beds with toilet and shower ensuite. Pros: Quiet street, very convenient (two-minute maximum walk to Earl's Court tube station), on Piccadilly line so easy to get to &amp; from Heathrow, pleasant staff, lounge where my mom could hang out while she waited for our room to be ready upon arriving early. Good value for the money.Cons: Breakfast just mediocre (toast, hard-boiled egg, cornflakes, orange juice, croissants, american cheese slices, mystery meat cold cuts) but fortifying. TV in room didn't work.	
Dec 17 2003	Las fotos de las webs no se corresponden con la realidad		
Nov 13 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualita prezzo		
Oct 11 2009 	Sympa mais...		
Sep 24 2009 	Estupendo		
Sep 5 2009	Charmantes Hotel zu kleinem Preis		
Sep 3 2009 	Sicuro alla buona nel cuore della città		
Aug 27 2009 	ne conseil pas		
May 8 2009 	Interesante		
Dec 7 2008 	forse una roulotte era meglio...		
Nov 16 2008 	Die Lage war genial!		
Nov 27 2007 	Gruppo 24 amiche		
Apr 5 2006	Un'esperienza positiva		
