Oct 9 2009 	Sat nav required!	Checked in and the receptionist said that the roo was up two sets of stairs......only thing was that it was down two flights of stairs,round a few twists and turn and then 10 minutes later we got to our room! Massive room,clean and tidy.Local amenities close by.The breakfast was very sloppy though.Left it and just had the toast as it was that bad.	
Jul 17 2009 	The Boston Manor scores again!!	I wrote an earlier review and mentioned that we were staying again at The Boston Manor again in June,09 and then again in July,09..Once again , it is a quirky hotel, but with the staff they have,we will always be staying here !! After 10 months, they remembered my name and rushed a large, cold &quot;Cobra&quot; beer to my table..Was I impressed,?,,,Damn right!!! This kind of service does NOT happen at a large chain-type establishment but is what you will get at The Boston Manor..I WILL be staying there again with my family as the service more than makes up for any perceived shortcomings..OK, I wish there was a lift but the staff will help you out with your bags, etc.. Many great local pubs (try The Viaduct Pub, 5 min walk) and shops, even a Rolls-Royce dealership in the area (Hanwell)..Yup, we like the place!!	
May 26 2009 	The new "Fawlty Towers"!!!	Upon arrival we entered a reasonably nice reception area, we were given our key plus some extremely scratchy directions to our room, after five minutes of wandering round what can only be describedas a labyrinth, we stumbled upon our room, more by luck than judgement. On entering our double room the first thing that hit us was the size of our room, or lack of it!!! it was what can only be described as bijou!!! the carpets were stained and hadnt seen a hoover for quite a while. One small blessing was the cleanliness of the bedding. Which brings me nicely onto the matress, while clean, it resembled a block of concete with absolutely no give whatsoever, which is fine if you like extremely firm matresses but totally ruled out a decent nights sleep for me. after a really rough night i awoke looking forward to a nice full english breakfast, which was exactly the opposite to what we got. We sat down and after twenty minutes of asking received our &quot;full english&quot; breakfast which consisted of two hard eggs, one value sausage, one undercooked rasher of streaky bacon and a quarter of a cold tomato!!! I asked where were the mushrooms, beans, black pudding, hash browns and fried bread and was told i could have some beans if i wanted. After half a sausage and a bit of the egg i gave up!! I sat for ten mins to finish my coffee at which point i was given a bowl with beans in lol. Everyone eating breakfast at this time received the same treatment. Other guests that had been there for a couple of days said breakfast had been as bad every morning. To sum up, the only things missing were Basil Fawlty and Manuel!!!	
Apr 26 2009 	Boston Manor Hotel - Very Basic !!	I stayed at this hotel with my relatives in April for a sightseeing tour of London. This hotel is only worth staying in for the one night due to the poor room quality and overall cleanliness . The twin room which I stayed in was very basic with poor mismatched furniture and uncomfortable bed. It was not a room in which you could relax in after a long day sightseeing.The bathroom was very small and unclean. The only positive about this experience is the fact that the hotel has a nice indian restraurant, has parking and is near to a tube station. I know the hotel is situation in London and on reflection is quite reasonably priced. However I do not think that cheap should automatically mean that the accommodation should be small, cramped and unclean.	
Jan 13 2009 	Cheap decent and near Heathrow	I stayed here for one night as I had some work in the city. I paid £55 for a double bed including breakfast which was good value considering that the room was pretty big and also the b/f was good. The hotel is on piccadilly line (10 min walk to tube station) in zone 4. I found that it was good value as it was near the airport with easy access into town (30mins to central london by tube). It was cheaper compared to other budget options like IBIS, premier inn etc.The staff was very helpful, they helped us carry our luggage to our room. We had lots of heavy luggage as we were returning after a long vacation. Also they stored our luggage when were in town before our evening flight. Many chain hotels in London now refuse to store luggage due to security reasons. We were also given complimentary Internet for our room.The place has a reasonabaly priced Indian restaurant where we had our dinner. The food was average. Its a good option if you are tired and dont want to go out I would recommend this hotel to anyone who does not want to pay £100 a night for a room and wants to be near the airport with good access to the center as well. Also because of the size of the room I would recommend this to budget business travellers who want to stay for a longer period.I would stay here again if I am flying to/from Heathrow.	
Aug 15 2008 	Only a 3 rating because its in London	I left it late to book a hotel for my weekend in London so this seriously reduced the choice in the (what I consider) reasonable price range. The best (and nearly only) choice seemed this hotelI picked it mainly because it was the most convenient for the price, close (ish) to the piccadily line &amp; close to a night bus route from central London. In these terms it did everything it needed too- but I have stayed at far more convenient (and better) hotels for less.The public areas of the hotel were dated, tired and in places not overly clean. I too laughed like the previous reviewers at the 'Luxury suite' signs! I cannot imagine what definition of Luxury they have used!The room itself was similar- the delightful net curtains were a lovely shade of yellow &amp; the windows were dirty. I would also bet that this room has recently been smoked in (is this not banned now?).The sheets were worn but were clean &amp; the bed was on the hard side but one of the better hotel beds to sleep in.The bathroom at first appeared clean, but whilst sat on the toilet (sorry!) I noticed nasty looking stains on the door frame (erghh!).The busy road mentioned before didnt affect me (except the drunks at 3.00 am) and I had a decent nights sleep.Breakfast was OK actually- OJ was OK, cooked brekkie not too cheap &amp; nasty- apparently branded cereals.The staff didn't speak much English, and there was a highly embarassing incident on an adjoining table (the customer wanted wholemeal toast- this was incorrect 3 times, ignored twice &amp; then finally it was deduced that they didn't have any!)Didn't make breakfast second day unfortunately but nothing at all to complain about on my part.......Hotel itself is about 10 mins walk to tube one way (with a (shock) decent Harvester on the way if you are hungry. The other way some pubs (polish or Irish- take your pick!) &amp; places to eat. There is also an Indian Restaurant in the hotel itself, but didn't try this out... In the context of London hotels I feel that a 2 rating would be mean for this hotel- I reluctantly give it a 3 because I have stayed at a number of London Hotels in this price range &amp; really it is not bad in comparison. (That said I have given better in Blackpool a 1 rating lol!)Would stay again for the right price, but would look elsewhere first......	
Jul 1 2008 	job done	My girlfriend and I simply needed somewhere to put our heads down for the night after a concert at wembley stadium. This hotel was cheap, clean and completely adequate. You won't be wowed by the place but it's easy to find from the tube station and for £55 per double room including breakfast (which I didn't sample due to a little over-indulgence the night before) you really can't complain.	
May 27 2008 	Excellent Value For Money	There are a few negative reveiws for this hotel, but you have to review it for what it is. A Hotel in London, close to Piccadilly Tube, with Breakfast and Parking for £60 double room per night. With this in mind this hotel everyone you should hope for and expect and offers excellent value for money. The room was clean and tidy, the breakfast was an adequte full english with as much toast, orange juice and tea/coffee as you wanted.If this price range is your budget you will not be dissapointed.	
May 13 2008 	WHAT A FIND!!!!!	We forgot to book a hotel for a group of us and our friends for a night out in London so on the Wednesday night I looked on hotel.deals website and this hotel flashed up. £50 for a double room incl. brekkie and £40 for a single. Considering that we just wanted to have a place to rest our heads when we got back, we snapped up 5 rooms. You just have to remember that it's only a 3* hotel but if they judged hotels on staff, friendliness and brekkie, I'd give it a 10/10. The staff were amazing and couldn't do enough to help us. The rooms were vast and immaculate!!! We will definitely be coming back again. I'm sorry but £50 is a bargain!!! Travelodge wanted £85 for the room excl. brekkie!! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. Just don't go wearing rose tinted glasses when you get there. Oh and the added bonus is that they have a car park round the back of the hotel which is CCTV monitored - come on, what more could you ask for!!! Breakfast was gorgeous. As much tea, coffee, fruit juice, cereal you wanted PLUS a full english breakfast - WOW!!!... BOOK THIS HOTEL WITH CONFIDENCE!!!!	
May 7 2008 	Horrible	This hotel was absolutely HORRIBLE! We were shocked when we saw our room so we asked for a roomchange. We got the room as seen on the pictures. Unfortunately we forgot to make pictures of the 1st room which was even worse than the 2nd one. Each corner of the hotel was filthy, on each floor you could smell the currydishes (Owner is from India) It's a shame that this 'hotel' is still open!!	
Mar 29 2008	Oh my God	on arrival we were greeted by a nice receptionist who took us to our room once opened the door well what a suprise 4 single homemade beds with old mattresses and grubby duvet covers and dirty carpet could get over this as the beds had clean sheets but the bathroom was another story black all around the base of the shower a dribble of water from the shower that went from hot to cold you also had to hold the shower because the holder was broken. Didnt dare have Breakfast. This Hotel Boasts 3 stars I really think The English tourist board should review their star ratings	
Dec 6 2007 	Horrendous - especially for lone females	Where do I start?! I don't tend to write reviews about hotels, but my experience here was so bad, I had to do this. Before I arrived, I phoned the hotel to ask if they had ample parking, given that I wouldn't be arriving until 8pm. I was assured they would, so I went ahead with my booking. On arrival, there was no parking, so I had to park on the road - and this is not a good neighbourhood. I planned to walk to the tube station the next morning, but it is a LONG way, through a less desirable area. Reception was lovely, but as I climbed the stairs, I realised it was like a terrible B&amp;B. The lock to the door of my room was precarious, and as a lone feamle traveller, I was not impressed! There was a disco in my bathroom, with the light flickering and water running. The room was so cold, because the windows didn't fit the frame, and every bit of road noise could be heard - there'd have been no difference if I'd opened the windows! The carpet was so dirty, I didn't dare take my shoes off, but on the plus, the bed did seem clean. However, the lock of th door was the final straw, so I rang around and found a Travelodge for a very similar price close by, and left. Reception offered me another room but it was too little too late - I didn't expect the world, i know £50 doesn't get a lot in London, but this shouldn't have been more than £25, if that! I must say, this is the worst place I have ever stayed, and I have been to some far flung places. I tried to support a local business rather than a chain of hotels, but next time I will be sticking with what i know!	
Aug 23 2007 	U kidding me...	Well.. where do I start. There is a stench in the hotel. Not sure whether it was the carpets or what. Breakfast was awful.Only had it once for the 5 days I stayed there. Will definitly not recommend anyone to stay there!!	
Aug 13 2007	Unpleasant	If you want a hotel convenient to Heathrow because you're booked on an inconveniently scheduled flight (i.e. 8am departure), forget this place. From the Boston Manor tube stop it's a 15-minute slog of a walk with luggage in tow, and then about a 20-minute tube ride to the terminal (we ended up taking a taxi). It is also really expensive to get in and out of central London (as of this writing, GBP 4 each way). The place is run down and depressing (okay, maybe not by British standards) and the rooms on the front are too noisy with truck traffic for sound sleeping. Breakfast is included in the room rate, but when we asked for some breakfast food the night before because we were departing before their 7am start of breakfast service, they refused (even tho they have a fridge they offered for storing anything we cared to purchase). We had two rooms booked for us and two kids: they upgraded us to a room big enough for all 4 (one full and two twin beds) but refused to let us exchange our reserved two cheaper rooms for that one more expensive one (which would have saved us some dough) even tho we ended up not using the kids' room (they wanted to stay in ours because theirs was far away through a lybranthine arrangement of poky corridors and staircases). The room we did use was cramped with all those beds and the bathroom barely big enough to turn around in. The whole experience was pretty creepy and unpleasant. We'd have done better to have sprung for the Holiday Inn Heathrow or similar, with free van service to the terminal and much more comfortable accommodation. A lousy end to a great visit to England.	
Dec 27 2006 	this is a Great Hotel	I enjoyed my stay and would definately stay again. The room, I had was clean and more importanly the bathroom was immaculate. I am a female business traveller and found this place to be very safe and comfortable. Breakfast was very good and considering it was included in the price of the accommodation I found this place to be great value for money. The staff were very friendly in particular , they were very helpful in providing local information and directions.	
Nov 25 2005	Will not be going again	I booked two twin rooms for 4 people and was given two rooms, one with four beds and the other with two!! They refused to remove the other two beds.Good points:Car parking space - big plus point, almost guaranteed, there were always spaces when I needed one.Staff were always friendlyBad points:The place was dirty!! the whole place was in need of painting and general refurbishment. There were torn carpets everywhere and dust in all the nooks and crannies.The rooms was also not clean, dust was gathering and there were stains on the carpet. Under the bed was rubbish left by previous guests which the staff had not spotted. The rooms needed an overhaul!!It was freezing!! The heating was sporadic at best and I needed to sleep with a jumper and socks to stay warm.It was noisy, you are able to hear peoples conversations on the street below if they are talking even slightly above normal levels and you are definitely able to hear traffic clearly.Bathroom: Tiny!!! The basin was tiny and it was almost impossible to wash your hands in it. The toilet was placed (presumably to save space) in such a way that your knees were touching the walls in front when you sat on it!!The shower was an electric one that barely ran to a trickle!! Also, it was impossible to control (believe me I tried for almost 20minutes) the temperature. The water was either boiling hot or freezing cold and nothing inbetween.Breakfast: Consists of cereal (help yourself), toast and full english breakfast (one sausage - still raw in the middle, one slice of bacon - although I did not get one unlike the three other members of my group, 2 eggs and 1/8 of a tomato) and tea or coffee.In terms of location, it is 10-15minutes walk to Boston Manor tube station which is 45 minutes approx to Leicester Square. There is an Esso station opposite which is helpful for filling petrol on your return journey.	
Nov 29 2004	Awful rooms terrible breakfast	Stayed at the Boston Manor on the 27th November and was very disappointed. Booked 4 double rooms for our group, who were going to our works xmas party.1 room was a single room (box room), 2 were family rooms (fine size) and 1 was a small twin room.The small twin was occupied by a couple with a pregnant wife, and due to the position of the basin in the bathroom, she could not get in the shower.My room had a bathroom with mastick hanging off the shower cubicle, a massive rubble 'crack' around the ceiling of the bathroom, a stained bedside lamp (looked like it had been dropped down the toilet) and terrible decor.The photos on all the websites you see are a shocking misrepresentation of the hotel. The downstairs is a building site and the upstairs is dated - needing a good few licks of paint and some signs to direct you to the rooms.My room was fairly quiet (although I sleep heavily) but the other couples complained about noise and banging early in the morning.The service at breakfast was terrible, with me and my partner sat like lemons being ignored by the staff serving others, until the manager arrived and started sorting everyone out. Breakfast was 2 eggs, a sausage, a slice of bacon, and a quarter of an ungrilled tomato, and it was cold.Would not recommend to anyone and would not stay again at any cost.Stay at the Travel Lodge down the road for an extra £10 - £15. At least you know what you're getting!!	
May 3 2004	average hotel	Visited hotel in May, there are major building works going on and they started drilling at 8am!! breakfast not that great but staff were friendly. room was big and comfortable.	
