	A great little hotel- I'll be going again!	I decided to stay at Church Street Hotel as a result of the great reviews that it had received on TA and it 100% lived up to expectations. The hotel itself isn't that easy for us to get to, but it was an entirely manageable walk from the Oval tube station (about 20 minutes) and just around the corner from Denmark Hill train station. The bus links were also excellent. Although the hotel isn't in one of London's best neighbourhoods, we had absolutely no trouble at all. It was very handily placed for Brixton Academy and the guy on the 24 hour reception was more than happy to print me off a bus route and to give me detailed directions to the correct bus stop etc. We were expecting our room to be quite noisy, but as we picked a room with a shared bathroom (plus a sink in our own room), we were on the top floor and facing away from the street- I had a great nights sleep! Although I was a bit nervous about the shared bathroom, it was very clean and we didn't have to &quot;fight&quot; to use it. The room wasn't very big but it was entirely adequate. Our big wrought iron bed was ridiculously comfy and once we were inside the hotel, we really could have been in Mexico. The attention to detail was fantastic- even the hairdryer, coasters and fan in our room managed to conform to the theme! The hotel has a great little lounge and there was unlimited amounts of tea and &quot;real&quot; coffee. There was also a well stocked honesty bar for guests to enjoy. The complimentary organic chocs and chilli sauce in our room was also a very welcome treat! Breakfast was also very good. We had a choice of organic cereals, muffins, pastries, toast and preserves and an egg. The girls who were serving were attentive but didn't intrude too much.This hotel was a great find and I'll be staying again when I go to another gig at Brixton. It did live up to expectations and I would happily recommend to others.	
Nov 17 2009 	Warmth	Despite looking very average from the outside as the Tapas Bar is not open at present, the desk service in the evening and morning was very welcoming/ The free drink and DVD facilities were also shown and the arrangement was laid back. Room was a bit tight but well provided for including organic chocolate! Great to have solid pillows and a firm mattress. More than made up for the view of wasteland out the back (temporary it has to be said)! I'd certainly recommend it to anyone. Buses straight to KX and Esuton	
Nov 11 2009 	Fantastic	One of the best hotels I have stayed in. The Mexican theme might not be for everyone, but we had an excellent stay. We had a standard room which was quite compact but extremely clean and comfortable. They also included many small details which make your stay more pleasant, like water and chocolate in the room, and DVDs which you can borrow from reception. If you're a light sleeper you may be bothered by noise from the street and staircase. It wasn't terrible but we could hear some noise during the night.The bathroom was also compact but very cool (Mexican tiles!) with a good shower. Many hotels claim to have fluffy towels and this is the first time I ever saw them materialise. Breakfast is excellent. There is a nice selection and everything is good quality. We had to leave early on our final day and they were happy to give us an early breakfast. Throughout our stay the staff were pleasant and extremely helpful.	
Oct 26 2009 	Quirky boutique hotel with lovely little touches.	I've just stayed at the Church Street Hotel for one night, while attending a weekend course in London. The exterior of the hotel is unassuming, but the interior design with a Mexican feel is quirky and fun. I love the bright colours! The staff were friendly, helped me carry my luggage to the room, and gave me good information on local restaurants and buses. There are buses which stop on the road outside the hotel, and which will take you to and from central London, including to various Underground stations. That is very handy, and especially if there's disruption to the tube trains.I felt OK in the area where the hotel is located. It's where people live, so there are lots of grocery shops where I could buy fruit, etc. I bought a nice pastry from a shop across the road, for instance. There's lots of good restaurants to eat in. The feel of the area might seem rough to some people - I didn't feel particularly anxious there. There's a bustling feel to the street, and the hotel itself is calm and bright on the inside. The single room I stayed in was small, but I would expect that of a boutique hotel in London, and there was just enough room for me and my luggage. Everything was very clean. There was free wifi, a flatscreen TV and a DVD player in the room, and I could borrow a range of DVDs to watch if I wanted. The room had some free Green &amp; Black's chocolate, homemade hot sauce, and bottled water. There were paperback copies of books to read, including Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, which I'd just been talking about with a friend! So that was another lovely, homely touch. The bed was extremely comfortable, had what felt like fluffy down pillows, and I slept like a log in it! There was a power shower in the bathroom with plenty of hot water, and some lovely toiletries which smelled yummy. The towels were fluffy and huge! I've never seen such a huge bath towel anywhere else! There was adjustable air conditioning in the room. I'd say the only problem was that there was some noise from air conditioning units outside my window, but that was white noise, and didn't stop me getting to sleep. There was less noise than I'd expected from the street outside - that didn't bother me.Tea and coffee were self-serve in the guest lounge, and there's an honesty bar there too. Breakfast was also served in the lounge. It's a very good continental breakfast, with a choice of cereals, freshly squeezed fruit juices, teas and coffee, toast, yoghurt, and some very nice pastries, with a range of jams, condiments, etc. I enjoyed my stay at the Church Street Hotel, would be happy to stay there again if I'm in London, and also to recommend it to friends.	
Oct 12 2009 	Friendly Mexican Haven	We stayed at the Church Street Hotel in order to attend a gig at Brixton Academy (10 mins away by very frequent buses that run virtually through the night). The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and the hotel was clean and had the best towels I have ever found. The place is Mexcian themed and they make their own hot sauce! It was also extremely easy to get to following the directions on their website. They even have an &quot;honour bar&quot; where you simply help yourself and write down what you've had so it can be added to the bill.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great coffee beautiful rooms	Walking to the Church Street Hotel from Oval Station is not a good idea. Some maps have it listed as 0.25 miles, but its closer to a 1.0 to 1.5. Also, the neighbourhood, at first glance, is what a more snooty individual would call 'dodgy'. And it is, indeed, not a typical touristy London borough. This is where 'real' londoners live and work; and it has a large Nigerian population. So the initial impression, for some people, might be, 'what have I gotten myself into'. However, once inside Church Street you enter an Oasis. The attention to detail is amazing. Organic choc, imported still water and homemade chilli sauce is in all rooms, which are bursting with colour and charm. They all have nice working fans, double windows to keep noise out, and beautiful tiled basins or bathrooms. And if you get a shared, it is usually only one or two other people using it with you. I never even saw another person use ours; however, since they have received such glowing reviews they are getting very busy. The pillows are big and comfortable, as are the beds and duvets. The towels are real Egyptian cotton, soft and luxurious; and the main towel is GIGANTIC. The largest hotel towel I have ever seen! The toiletries are so good and smell so great I almost wanted to eat them!! The rooms are also very clean, as is the entire hotel. The breakfast is also amazing, fresh and delicious. The staff are also the most helpful I have ever encountered. Vinnie is a star! The bar also works on the honour system, so you simply help yourself. Now, some might still be scared off by its location. No tube nearby, and expensive by taxi; however, buses 12, 36 and 436 run right outside the hotel regularly and go straight into the heart of London. It takes about 30 min to get from the door of the hotel to Picadilly Circus. Not bad. And you aren't stuck in the tube and walking up and down up and down. Trust me, if my 60 yr old parents from Iowa, USA can navigate and manage, so can you!! Overall, wonderful hotel, a true gem. The only warning is that there is no elevator, so if your very old, or have problems using your legs, you must get a ground floor room, as its a steep trek to some room. But if your physically fit your fine!	
Sep 15 2009 	Perfect in every aspect	The Church Street is exactly how a hotel should be. My partner and I travel constantly with work, and this has to be one of our favourite places ever. Every detail has been well taken care of. Complimentary bottled water, quality tea, grounded coffee, organic chocolate, even a specially made chilli sauce from the owner. A lovely little bar/lounge is run by an honesty system. Beautifully equipped and with absolutely gorgeous decor. Free hire of huge DVD selection, wonderful, helpful staff. Comfortable bed, extremely clean and homely. We couldn't have asked for anything more. A really lovely stay, thank you!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Amazing a different experience to any other hotel in london	Brilliant set up, only downside i could see is the parking. Has a fresh and diverse breakfast, bed like my own at home and the features that make you think your in mexico!	
Jul 16 2009 	it's worth to stay there	this is the first time in London when I got to East End and I have to say that I was shocked at the beginning. but this hotel is really awesome and I didn’t regret about my choice. You feel so safe there, like being in a church. Staff is the very friendly and helpful and you get many bonuses like organic chocolate and free DVD that you never get in 5 star chains I usually stay at. Everything you get there is perfect quality really – from fresh bakery and organic Greek yogurt for breakfast to soft towels of real Egyptian cotton. The place is highly secured so you don’t bother about your belongings even there is no deposit box in a room. I kept money and Sony notebook at my room and nothing was stolen. They even ignored tips I left for room-cleaning service. The only disadvantage is absence of room service but there is free wifi. And the hotel is just 2 tube stations far from Westminster. The best choice if you look for a boutique hotel for appropriate price.	
Jul 15 2009 	awesome	after reading some reviews about the dodgy area was a bit nervous,but have to say that those reviews are totally unfounded it is NOT as dangerous as they make out.Now about the hotel jose was awesome as he e mailed me places to go and was really helpul when we got there vinny was equally as efficient ,the room was great and the beds omg so comfy,breakfast was yummy but i loved the whole ambience and the locality is great as buses run regular from across road and taxi is 16 quid from centre but guys i urge u to try for the same money as travelodge they treat u so well i will deffo b a regular when staying in london.	
May 20 2009 	This is a very comfortable and gorgeous hotel. Perfect location for London	We stayed here for 3 nights before going on a driving tour of the UK. The rooms are gorgeous. Huge comfortable bed, flat screen TV and DVD player, complimentary chocolate and toiletries, and very large fluffy towels. The breakfast choices are delicious and prepared in the great breakfast room. DVD's are on offer to watch (no charge), tea and (real) coffee available at any time of the day or night (no charge), and a bar to make yourself a drink (pay per drink). We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the staff were more than helpful. While the area may not be high class, we never felt unsafe, and the location is perfect for travel to London via Oval underground or bus. Great restaurants and pubs along Church Street. It is rare to find something of this calibre at this price in London.	
Dec 9 2008 	Wonderful stay	Church street is a wonderful hotel in London. Rooms are big and confortable, bathroom is fantastic, the breakfast was really good and the location was perfect, with nice reastaurants and bars within a walking distance and only 15 minutes by bus to waterloo tube station	
Nov 10 2008 	Fantastic service	The Church Street Hotel is located between Clapham and Brixton and easy to find by bus from Waterloo (how I arrived) and car (how he arrived). Camberwell isn't a beautiful area but we if you're looking for somewhere of good value to check out the London sites, this is it.The bedroom was cosy (but not small) with flat screen TV and great shower.We didn't have the breakfast but made use of the extensive DVD library and now regret we didn't make use of the bar....where you can practice your Tom Cruise cocktail shaking to make your own drinks.The best thing about this hotel was the service. I left a pair of earrings in the room and they called to tell me the day after I left. They then posted the earrings to me all packaged up free of charge. They arrived 2 days later.....fantastic!I'd definitely recommend this hotel. My advice...get a paper from the shop across the road and sit on a bus for the half hour ride to the London Eye and South Bank and enjoy the fact you haven't spent all your budget on accommodation!	
Oct 28 2008 	Great atmosphere	Breakfast was yummy pastries, organic cereals, toast, plus fresh juice and coffee/tea. Very tasty. The room had enough space (for London) and plenty of great flair. It was a maze and a climb to get up to our room, so perhaps not good for creaking knees unless you request a lower room (we were on the top floor). The lounge was a wonderful place to chill, the tea/coffee/honesty bar and wifi were all much appreciated. Staff was friendly and helpful. Bus service was excellent for our needs, we could get to central London in under 20 mins. I would absolutely stay again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Perfect for Brixton Academy	I stayed here for one night because I was going to a gig at Brixton Academy, and it was absolutely ideal. The bus went direct to the venue from Church Street (took 10 mins, and runs through the night too). This is not the greatest area of London and I very much doubt I'd've found somewhere so nice and characterful anywhere else close to the venue. The alternative would've been to have spent a lot more for somewhere less charming and much further away in central London.The hotel itself was clean, with unusual and interesting decor and a tasty light breakfast of organic cereals, juices and muffins. They take security very seriously.I would say this is an ideal hotel for short visits to the South London and I will definately use it again if I go to any more gigs in Brixton. This is probably not the hotel for you if you are planning a long touristy trip to see the sights of London as the area is a bit rough and it's 30-45 mins on the bus to central London.	
Jul 17 2008 	An oasis at camberwell green. Very welcoming and comfortable ambience.	South London hotel. Very original and different from the chains. Rooms all have a Spanish theme, Very clean, hospitable. quiet and friendly . Rooms are air conditioned. Bar system was unusual and refreshingly trusting. Continental breakfast was fine with fresh croissant and pain au chocolate etc. Transport system was buses but a good frequent selection . Nearest tube was the Oval about a 20 min walk. Cabs could be ordered at reception. If you want to stay in South London this is a good choice. Neighborhood is multi ethnic so lots of interesting food /fresh veg shops and restaurants around. The hotel is planning to open their own restaurant shortly which we will try on our next visit. Don't be put off by the reception area which is a little faded the interior is like an Alladin's cave. We will definitely stay again on our next visit to South London when we visit our son.	
Jul 7 2008 	Bad hotel even worse location.	This hotel is in bad area of London, it is very scary. Most of Camberwell is tall council-owned flats, and the rest is run down shops selling tat. All i could hear was ambulance and polices car. I did not want to go out, because it was so scary. Because of this, i had to take taxicabs into the centre of London, which cost about £25 each time....so became very expesive.The hotel is nothing special, and is decorated in a very cheap way, it look like a Mexican theame resturant! The beds were good, but the rest of the furniture was cheap and nasty.The staff were not good hotel staff, more like amateurs. I felt i was checking into a hotel in the USSR 30 year ago! They had no idea what they were doing, which ment i could not ask for help from them.	
Apr 27 2008 	Cosy Retreat	I needed somewhere really close to Kings College Hospital as my husband had to stay in hospital for a few days, I searched so many web sites looking for something as close and clean as possible. I liked the look of the Church Street Hotels website and went for it. Well Im so glad I did, being a very nervous 55 year old woman on my own not used to London and not knowing where anything is. The moment I got to the Hotel I felt safe. My room was lovely, so cosy and clean the bed was big and very comfortable flat screen T.V and DVD. I was told I could help my self to any films I,d like to watch. The toiletries were delightful as was the complimentary chocolate. The staff were great very helpful and friendly, and breakfast delicious. I would definitely recommend this Hotel. Also this Hotel is a 10 minute walk along the main road to Kings College Hospital.	
Apr 15 2008 	Poetry love and flair south of the river...	I have stayed at Church Street several times, most often when working near Waterloo and I also found it a good base for family to explore London. Camberwell isn't the most obvious place to stay, but the hotel is great - beautifully-decorated rooms in a mexican/venice beach/americana style; free wifi, fabulous breakfasts with freshly squeezed orange juice, hot coffee and big croissants (they'll make boiled eggs for you if you ask), comfortable beds that don't hurt my back...as a lone traveller mostly I put a premium on feeling safe and welcomed - both apply to the Church Street hotel. Travel into London via the tube at Oval, or by bus (20 mins to Waterloo station).	
Mar 26 2008 	Havana - south east london style	I want to avoid being cliched, but there's no other way of saying this...this hotel really is a fantatsic undiscovered little gem, - if only I could afford to live here permanently, i'd rent an entire suite of rooms!. I'm a great fan of things Cubana/o/Mexicano, and so this hotel really ticked all my boxes. Last year, I had the misfortune of staying in in a popular minimalist but overpriced and over-rated hotel in London...and absolutely hated it. This hotel however, grabbed me by the throat from the minute I saw its fantastically colourful website - Strangely enough, I'm a south Londoner and live only a couple miles away from the hotel, so ordinarily would have had no cause to be staying here...but for reasons too complicated to go into here, I found myself in need of a place to stay for a couple of nights. Having trawled the internet for available hotels in the area - and having spent the previous couple of nights in what could only be described as a Reggie Perrin/Maunela style firetrap just a few blocks along, I could hardly believe my luck when I discovered that not only was this fantastic place just minutes away, but that a room was available and ready and waiting for me...I loved the fact that so much attention had been given to every detail of the Mexican/Cuban decor - from the minute you walk into the reception, it feels as though you've stepped off an aeroplane in Havana [minus the insufferably long airport queue and equally insufferable sultry heat ]. The owners/staff were really helpful, friendly, cool, but always professional - I was shown into the 'red room' a small but perfectly gorgeous en-suite small terracotta bedroom with a huge and incredibly comfortable iron four poster bed, beautiful tile work , a selection of books, television, complimentary Green and Black organic chocolate bar, and the most gorgeous Mexican/Moorish bathroom cum shower-room. again with complimentary high quality soap, shampoos etc, fluffy white towels...absolute bliss...I could easily have spent my entire two days just luxuriating in this room, were it not for the honesty bar and the sumptuous breakfasts... The only thing lacking was a restaurant, but then there's a great choice of ethnic restaurants right on the door-step. Some people might turn their noses up at the thought of staying in a hotel in Camberwell, but there's such an incredible vibrancy to the area that its hard not to be captivated by the sheer colour and buzz of Camberwell itself...which after all, is only 20 minutes away from Central London [and minutes away also from Great little East Street market!] , the Oval Crciket ground, and a short bus-ride away from local attractions such as Brixton market, the Fridge or the Brixton Academy. Camberwell is actually quite an interesting place in all sorts of ways, and the local council really has to find ways of better exploiting its many attractions...its incredibly multi-cultural, and comfortably so; there are some lovely little hidden gardens and parks, pretty close to Brockwell Park's fabulous open air lido, some wonderful Victorian architecture, grocery stores selling foodstuffs from just about every corner of the world, and yes, while it may feel as though ambulance sirens, form an almost constant audio backdrop, it's not surprising given that its just around the corner from King's College, one of London's busiest teaching/university hospitals - the noise and general bustle just all adds to the overall sense of pervasive excitement ..yes, the nearest tube station [Oval] is about 20 minutes walk away, but Camberwell is incredibly well-served by regular bus services which will get you to just about anywhere you want to get to in London - and places beyond!What made this hotel stay really special for me was that I was actually staying there just a few days before my first ever visit to Mexico, so it really got me into the Mexican spirit ...And though, as I said, I live just a couple of miles away from here, I've pledged to stay here at leasts twice a year as a refuge from my own hectic and noisy over-crowded Forest Hill home...	
Dec 31 2007 	A Little Gem Here In My Beloved South London!	With a former background in tourism/hospitality,and also being born and bred in South London, having learned of the existence of the hotel, I was intrigued and keen to try it out, eager to be pleased.Pleased I was! Within 10 minutes of Jose having left me to settle in after showing me how to work the DVD, and ensuring that the room was at just the right temperature I knew this was a place that I wanted to return to again and again..Oh, for a bed at home with a mattress as cosy and comfortable as the one in my lovely, red hued room! I had brought a book and magazine with me, but appreciated the reading material placed thoughtfully on one of the bedside cabinets as well as the perfectly positioned reading lamps. That there was also organic chocolate to nibble on, and bottled water to sip, in the room as I watched the DVD brought from home, only served to confirm my impression that this would be an enjoyable stay . The power shower, subtly scented toiletries and pretty, colourful mosaic tiles in the bathroom only added to my pleasure. The morning saw me enjoying a cup of the excellent freshly filtered coffee, and a new combination for me of maple frosted cornflakes to which I decided to add a sprinkling of the walnuts that had been put out as part of the breakfast spread. It was unexpectedly delicious!To have this hotel in London is good enough, but to have it on my own South London doorstep is even better. Can't wait to return!	
Nov 22 2007	The Place to Stay - Church Street Hotel	This will be brief and to the point, I have stayed in hotels all over the world, the Church Street Hotel is excellent. Rooms charming, service polite and good, the hotel had a great atmosphere	
Nov 22 2007	Cool trendy and relaxed	We stayed at the Church Street Hotel Oct07 and both agreed this was the perfect hotel to relax and feel like you were looked after without being pestered, decor is cool and the room was perfect with a great atmosphere. It will be the first place we will book if going back in to LondonCheers GuysJamie and Karen	
Oct 23 2007 	Church Street Style	Really loved the style of this hotel. South American Catholic. Rather like something from Madonna's &quot;Like a prayer&quot; video.Rooms are small but perfectly formed and brilliantly styled. Web site is a perfect presentaion of the hotel. There is also an honesty bar in the hotel so you can get a beer whenever. Breakfast was simple but good. This hotel was a great surprise and we would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 11 2007 	Oasis in Camberwell	Magnificent - rooms are small and delightful and well thought out - we stayed in the red one! Breakfast was at our leisure and sat at refectory tables munching fresh croissants, drinking freshly brewed coffee, checking out the dvds to borrow and chilling out on a Sunday morning was a welcome relief from hectic week.Rates were very reasonable, staff very friendly, location fab for numerous restaurants etc and we used as a base for Dulwich Village.	
Sep 5 2007 	Not up to my expectations but nice	I stayed here for one night in August - having booked the hotel through it's beautiful website i had high expectations...The hotel is really quite a trek from the nearest tube, especially if you had lots of bags like us. You could get the bus from the tube (but when i called they didn't know where the stop was) but we opted for a taxi which was £8. The exterior of the hotel reminded me of a renovated bar...upon check in the staff were very friendly but reception was tiny and reminded me of a glorified youth hostel. We were then taken to our room (we'd booked a king deluxe) which was up a small set of stairs - my expectations were already starting to lower, the hallway had what looked like an old pub carpet! The door and walls must be thin as you could hear everything outside in the corridor and also in the breakfast room (which was noisy) so we couldn't really have a lie in that morning. The room itself was nice but pretty simple, if there hadn't been the freebies ie. greens chocolate i'd of been pretty peeved. The bed was wonderful, possibly the comfiest i've ever slept in and i loved the toileries and deep egyptian towels in the bathroom but that's about it. I thought the quality of furniture in the room seemed cheap and was just trying to be like Mexico rather actually reflecting it. There was no fridge and the AC unit made a really annoying buzzing noise (unfortunately we needed it as it was a warm evening).The food and coffee at breakfast was lovely although the set up reminded me of a youth hostel with everyone sat around big tables in a pub like room - lovely croissants, chocolate and almond croissants, cereals, yoghurts, toast, boiled eggs, fresh juices and lovely monmouth coffee.Although i enjoyed our stay i wasn't particularly bowled over and at £120 a night i'd rather stay somewhere more central - the Zetter in Clerkenwell is a good comparison and i'd rather stay there any day!!!!!!!!!!Check out is 11am but we managed to stay until one.	
Sep 3 2007 	Church Street Hotel: an unexpected oasis in South London	My daughter recommended the Church Street Hotel as 'a place you'd like, mum' on the occasion of her wedding in nearby Dulwich. Upon checking out the beautifully designed website, I was pretty sure she was right.We had a slightly complicated set of arrangements involving husbands, boyfriends, sisters and friends arriving and departing at different times, all of which were dealt with with efficiency and charm by the friendly proprietors. The hotel itself is delightfully quirky if a little unexpected in Camberwell; recently refurbished by Jose Raido, each room is beautifully and individually decorated in strong, deep colours with a Spanish theme, reflecting the origins of the Raido brothers. An honesty bar (for drinks) and complimentary bars of Green and Black's organic chocolate and aged chilli sauce in the rooms made us feel at home, while the spacious and luxurious bathroom, with its large and luxurious white towels, augmented by Korres natural shampoos, soaps and conditioners, made us feel we were on holiday.Breakfast is an informal and relaxed affair, with organic cereals and yoghourt, freshly-baked pastries, boiled eggs and the best coffee I've had for some time. All the staff were incredibly friendly and helpul and even bothered to get to know our names - and all that in spite of having to cope with two wedding parties at breakfast time on Saturday!Wi-fi is complimentary throughout the hotel enabled me to do some work while good flat screen televisions offered alternative entertainment for those so inclined. I preferred to explore Camberwell and dip into the interesting selection of books left on my bedside table; a good range of DVDs was also available to borrow.The nearest tube station is 10-15 minutes' walk but buses are just a few minutes' walk away and provide a pleasant 20 minute trip to central London.The only downside was the noise outside the window, which went on until the early hours of the morning - we were fortunate in having a room at the back and, since I had been warned, I had packed a pair of ear plugs - it is worth taking this precaution to avoid marring what was otherwise a completely delightful experience and, in my book, extremely good value for money.I certainly hope to go back and would recommended it unhesitatingly; I'm looking forward to trying the restaurant (work in progress) next time!	
Jul 4 2007	Camberwell Delight	We arrived at the Church Street Hotel with a sense of trepidation and excitement at what we might find. My extremely attractive companion and I were not familiar with Camberwell as an area, so the occasion had a “mission” feel to it. We were greeted and looked after by the extremely hospitable Jose (one of the owners.) This immediately put us at ease. The room itself had fabulous décor and loads of fascinating details (kitsch religious artefacts, cigar boxes containing complementary chilli sauce and chocolate.) The bed was stylish and superbly comfortable – a winner. The bathroom interior was a treat – tiled with an almost Moroccan feel. The colours in both rooms were warm and calming. We were told that we could help ourselves to anything in the bar and just put it on an honesty tab – which we both felt was a great touch. We left the next day, feeling really happy about our choice of hotel and having the sensation that we’d actually been spirited away somewhere special.	
May 30 2007	Cool Hotel in South London	We really liked this place, it was laid back and friendly. Clean, fresh and stylish. If you are bored with the minimal, black and white and beige look of so many hotels this is a breath of fresh air. The young owners have done a great job to get the mexican/artistic -slant to the decor. Colours, pictures, pretty tiles, furniture, interesting books around, etc. The breakfast was great- healthy and pretty organic. The neighborhood is cool and borderline gentrified in a good way, and crying out to be explored. Camberwell Grove, just yards away is architecturally one of the great South London streets.	
Nov 24 2009 	Muy acogedor muy recomendable		
Nov 5 2009 	Liebe dieses Hotel		
Jun 4 2009 	Tolles Hotel schneller Weg zur Innenstadt anstrengende Umgebung		
Mar 19 2009	erstaunlich gutes Hotel in London		
