Nov 9 2009 	A stay for breakfast haters	The double room was very small, although the bathroom was quite large. It was mentioned on their home page that there would be hair dryer in the rooms, but in ours it was omitted. When we asked the reception about this, they told us there were only five hair dryers in the hotel.Breakfast was not a happy moment for me since it lacked a lot of ingredients that constitutes a breakfast according to my opinion, such as cheese. The eggs were so over cooked that it did not taste like eggs, but something else. I guess this is the English way to prepare eggs for eating, but in those cases I have eaten eggs before in England, I have been lucky since it has tasted good.Even tough the staff did not say much, they were friendly.If you look away from these trifles, this place is a fairly good place to stay since it is located near the subway. It only takes a few stops to arrive at Oxford Circus.	
Nov 9 2009 	Fawlty Towers eat your heart out	We (2 adults, children aged 10 &amp; 6) stayed here for a total of 4 nights. I wish it had been fewer!We were misled by photos on the website that showed a nice, modern room. What we got was a surprise.On arrival, we were told that we had to pay for our room in advance. And there would be a surcharge for credit cards. Ouch! We scrabbled together the cash and were then told where our room was - up FOUR FLIGHTS OF STAIRS (no lift). Of course we were not offered any help with our heavy bags or tired children.Our room had a double bed (a real &quot;double&quot; - 140cm wide bed) and two singles, one of which mostly blocked the door to the bathroom. Our bed was so close to the window (which was always open - either they were trying to conceal a smell or it was stuck) that I was worried I might roll over and fall out! There was a TV in the room but no heater/cooler and no phone. (This was important when we were exhausted after a day's sightseeing and really couldn't face the thought of walking down 4 storeys and then up 4 storeys again!)The tiny bathroom (toilet, sink, shower) looked nice, although the dark green tiles made it impossible to tell whether it was clean or not. The shower head had good water pressure, but unfortunately the drain was not big enough and so we could only shower for a minute or so at a time, then had to turn it off and wait 2 minutes for the shower cubicle to drain before we turned the water back on. Yikes!Breakfast was in the basement. The flight of stairs to the basement was beyond poky - I think it was about 90cm wide - and there was a huge queue from about 7:30, all the way up the stairs, because the breakfast room was too small. Breakfast itself was included but very basic - a couple of hard-boiled eggs on each table, two types of cereal and toast (I think 2 types of bread). There were also 69p tetra-packs of orange juice.The staff in the hotel were friendly but not really helpful, and the one time we actually asked them for anything (to ring a taxi) it did not arrive - maybe not their fault. We had the feeling that a group of students had got together and said, hey, why don't we, like, run a hotel or something? - the place was not professional but nor was it particularly comfortable.Internet access was free but I could not get a signal.The location was good, but I would not stay here again.	
Nov 5 2009 	Do not stay here!!!!	greeted by a miserable rude receptionist, and was told that we would have to wait to check in, no reason given, although check in time is 12pm, reservation details were incorrect even though i booked through laterooms, After the long awaited check in we recieved the room key, and made our way up to the room, all 5 flights of stairs that is, with rather heavy suitcases. After eventually reaching the room, we found that we had been given the wrong room type, I had booked a double room not a quad room.Also very strong smell of sewage in the room. back to reception as the phone in the bedroom did not work. Again it was the same person who checked us in, told him of the problem, and was i seen to be acting rather ungrateful as the quad room was larger than the double, exact words '' i don't know why you are complaining since the room you are in is much bigger''. After 10 long minutes of trying to explain that not what i reserved, the receptionist reluctantly gave me another room key, which was luckily enough right next door, back up the 5 flights of stairs, to have a look at the new room, opened the door and the most awful smell hit me!! Was certaintly not impressed. Opted to stay in the original room. Afer the stress of the whole checking in process decided to have a nice hot shower, only to find that the whole bathroom had flooded(which is exceptionally small) as the shower drain was blocked. Explained the problem to a different receptionist this time, and said he thought someone was due to go up and unblock it, which was news to me as this was the first time i ahd complained, obviously an on going problem. Receptionist said he would come to unblock the drain within the next 10 minutes, half hour passed and still no sign, so we had a go of blocking the drain, it was totally bloacked with all sorts of rubbish, and after getting no where, we gave up. some time later the recpetionist turned up to clear the drain, poured some strong smelling liquid down it, said he would return 10 minutes to see if it had worked. left the solution in the room while he went, which was Sulphuric Acid!! after half hour or so it eventually unblocked, but still leaving an horrendous smell in the room, leaving me unable to sleep. No apologies given!!!!!!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location but rooms are too small	After reading very negative comments on Trip Advisor we were expecting the worse. However the bed linen, towels and new ensuite was clean. Bedroom was very small and basic with hardly any storage space. As we were at the back of the hotel it was very quiet. We requested extra pillows which were provided immediately. Staff very polite. Breakfast also basic and a bit manic when crowded, as it's self-service. Extra charge for storing luggage but only minutes from Paddington. Good gastro pub 2 mins away.	
Nov 1 2009 	forget about the photos on their website the place is a con	This place is a con for tourists: booked a &quot;family room&quot;, here we get a normal room with 5 beds inside No space to place luggage, and no wardrobe! Bathroom with broken showerhead and loudly squeaking door. Breakfast is on the minimal size and room is so small and cramped you have to wait quite a bit to find a seat. Best of all, you have to pay in advance and they charge you 4% if you pay with credit card: never seen this before. Don't be intimidated, i threatened to call the police as this fee was not mentioned in my booking confirmation nor in the website, so he gave up. Cherry on the cake, they charged us 5 pounds PER BAG for leaving our luggage there on our last day. Never again!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Impossible to stay	Please please please, take note, this hotel has got to be the worst I have ever had the mis pleasure of coming across. I booked via last minute .com and paid up front, bad move, I walked in and walked out. I am very very well travelled across the world from States to Asia and have never witnessed anything so poor. I would honestly say that I had major concerns about letting my family stay here, both for health and security, I got an immense feeling of mis trust about the place. There was fungi growing in the corner of the room, the shower head had a whole community of its own growing, the first room I was offered had no floor coverings, take my word and give a very very wide berth.	
Oct 11 2009 	Would not let a dog stay in this hotel	I had booked this hotel for my wife as she was due to have an operation in London the next day. we arrived and were sent to a basement with pots of paint in the corridor open. the room was dirty and dark, nothing like the vitual tour or photographs. i was then offered 2 better rooms to look at but one look in 1 room was more than enough! this room may have been very slightly better but not worth the money they wanted. the staff were rude and i have never been spoken to in thisway in any hotel i have stayed in. And i stay in hotels all year round for business and pleasure.	
Sep 22 2009 	very nice hotel	stayed in this hotel for 1 night and would have been happy if was there for a week, it was clean, comfortable big beds (2 queen size). nice clean bathroom probably just been renovated. although breakfast very basic with just toast and cereal available. would definitely stay again. excellent location	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent Budget Hotel - Would Definately Stay Here Again	Whenever I book a holiday, I always check out the reviews on TripAdvisor first and usually the put me off booking the holiday. Whilst looking for a budget hotel in London, the reviews on Trip Advisor made it a complete and utter nightmare - most budget hotels have horrendous reviews. When I found this hotel, with mixed reviews, I decided to just go for it and I am extremely glad I did. My advice would be to make life easy for yourself and believe what the positive reviews say. NOTE: The pictures attached to this hotel must be old ones because the interior of the hotel has been completely modernised.I travelled to London with three friends for four nights and we had two non-deluxe rooms between us: one double and one twin - although both rooms had two double beds. For each room we paid £216 through lastminute.com i.e. £54/night which is pheonomonal value and I believe you would struggle to find anything better than this hotel for under £65/night.The good things about the hotel:- Exceptionally comfortable bed. I have stayed in Hilton/Ramada/Marriott hotels and their beds and on a par with this hotel.- Maid service daily with fresh towels.- Swanky, modern bathroom.- Spacious rooms.- Flat screen TVs in all rooms, including the non-deluxe ones.- 24 Hour receptionist who checks out everyone who enters the hotel.- Security cameras in the hallways for safety. - Breakfast is included: Toast, Boiled eggs, Cereal, Tea, Coffee, Orange Juice, Jam etc.- Excellent location: 2 minute walk to Paddington Underground &amp; Train Station. 4 underground lines run through Paddington so you can basically travel to anywhere in London from Paddington with a maximum of 2 line changes.Having 4 lines is also great as it gives you alternatives when lines are delayed or cancelled.- Lots of restuarants, cafes, shops, take-aways nearby.- 5 minute walk from Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park.- Busy location at night full of tourists until around 1am i.e. safe to walk around/come home to late at night if you have been to see a show etc.The hotel itself I think is 2 stars, but remember stars refer to facillities and not quality. I really would strongly recommend this hotel and suggest that you ignore the negative reviews. It was a great find and if I went back to London I would most definately stay here again and the location of Paddington is probably amongst the best locations in London for tourists.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nothing wrong good place to stay	We stayed here for 2 nights. A typical story - had a gap between flights, were looking for some good value to stay and see London. First off, this hotel is perfectly located. Get on a train from Heathrow (Connect is fine), get off at Paddington and the hotel is within 5 minute walk, so no problems. They let drop off bags before check in - that was nice too.It's a block from Hyde park and all central London within walking distance, so that was great too.To be fair, all that area is packed with small hotels so nothing stated above is unique to this place.So let's talk about this particular one.1. Clean. Can't complain, the room, shower, bed - everything was neat and clean.2. Quite. I guess it depends on what side of the building your windows are on and who your neighbours are, but in our case I could sleep well - no noises.3. Breakfast. Pretty basic - toasts, juice, cereals, milk - but we had all we need, good food, fresh - normal food.4. Staff. Nice and polite.Any catches? Well, it's true the room was small. It had 2 beds and small area to place bags, that's pretty much eat. However, the shower was fairly decent in size, plenty of space to get dressed too. Was it a problem? For us - not really.I was a bit scared after reading some bad reviewes here, but they all come down to two things - small rooms (matter of taste) and bad neighbours (matter of luck), there is nothing fundamentally wrong with the hotel, so don't be afraid.Overall, if you're looking for good location, sleep and breakfast for a good price - this place is a good choice.	
Jul 28 2009 	Go to another hotel	When you arrive at this hote ASK TO SEE YOUR ROOM FIRST BEFORE YOU PAY We paid £300 for 4 nights for a room that we could hardly move in it was SO SMALL I ended up having to pay another £90 for a bigger room Breakfast is a joke Only had it once I have stayed in a lot of hotels but this has to be the worst Some reviews you read are over the top with complaints so i always take them with a pinch of salt BUT NOT THIS TIME we could have booked into a travel lodge for cheaper and it would have been a hundred times better This is the first time i have ever left feedback for a hotel and i have been in hundreds Please take my advice Look at the room before you pay !!!!!!!!!!!!I can guarantee you will leave and look else where	
Jul 26 2009 	Really simple room but good location	Travelled with my two teenageers so I booked a tripleroom. When we had placed our bags on the floor it was no space left!! No wardrobe to put our clothes in and no room for our suitcases. A big hole in the window so a lot of noise during the night. A very simple breakfast but nice people working there. But we told ourselfes that we are only going to sleep here. Good with this &quot;hotel&quot; was the location. Near to the tube and the buses. If you can stand a simple living you can stay here because it was clean, anyway in our room...	
Jul 11 2009 	STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL	If you are planning to listen to the positive reviews about this hotel, the best advice I can give anyone is to ask to see the room before you pay. There is a reason that they require you pay upon check in. Quite honestly I don't understand how anyone could rate this hotel as a nice place to stay. My wife and three children were planning a day and overnight in London coming off a wonderful trip fom Ireland. We flew in from Dublin and arrived at another hotel( Olympic House) to check in...they lost our reservation and had no rooms available. We asked if they could find us two rooms at another hotel. We went to breakfast and they called us to tell us they found a room at the Linden House. When I first walked into the lobby I couldn't believe it and then they showed us the room. I went from &quot;couldn't believe it&quot; to &quot;shocked&quot;. The carpet was stained and so dirty it looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in a month, the walls were stained and dirty. We did not stay and you shouldn't either. This is a flop house for college kids.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great value for money	We had a great stay at the Linden House. The bed was clean and comfy, the shower brilliant, the TV nice and new, the location brilliant (five minutes walk to Hyde Park, 10 to Oxford Street). We arrived early and tired and were given a room immediately. Had a great breakfast in the morning, and overall it was a great stay. Thanks!	
Jun 25 2009 	More than I expected	We were pleasantly surprised as soon as we entered the Linden House lobby. They take security seriously - they have a monitor which shows over 12 different views of the place, including the outside. There was always someone on duty at the front desk, no matter what time it was, they didn't hassle us but they did stop whatever they were doing to look up at who was entering, just to verify that we were actually staying there.The staff was friendly, especially the housekeepers. Our only real gripe with the room was that our water pressure seemed to go all wonky from 8:30am-9:30 - I'm sure this was due to the fact that we were on the top floor and it was obviously when everyone else was showering. Our room did face the street so it was a bit noisy, I didn't have any problem falling asleep but my friend complained so if you're a light sleeper I'd recommend requesting a room that doesn't face the street.	
Jun 21 2009 	Bathroom smelled like meat breakfast poor	I, like another reviewer, feel it my duty to report what is an awful hotel. There are probably worse hotels, but certainly much better ones. The one good aspect is location, but the room in the attic was exceptionally stuffy, and bizarrely, the bathroom stank of kebab meat or something similar. The shower went off and on when trying to use it, and when it was on was a dribble that fluctuated between hot and cold. The 'breakfast' was a joke: cereal in tupperware tubs, a pile of bread and a toaster, boiled eggs in a dish on each table, and plastic cups for 'pour-your-own-from-the-carton' orange juice, and that's it. Staff were friendly, as they took our payment in advance.I've stayed in some suspect places, but unfortunately this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, or at least the worst room.	
Jun 19 2009 	Perfect for budget hotelhas private toiletnice staffPERFECT LOCATION!	I spent two weeks at the Linden House and I was not disappointed! The staff was friendly, but not underfoot, and there was always someone at the desk, which was nice. Our room was small, which is to be expected, but it was large enough to suit my friend and I. We had a private toilet for our room with a shower and sink. One piece of advice I would offer, is to ask for a room not facing the street, as it is a very busy traffic area and is quite loud all night and through the wee hours. One thing was that my bed was broken, the box beneath the mattress was jacked so badly that I had to stuff a bunch of blankets between the mattress and the box. It was extremely uncomfortable! I think that I just had an unlucky sleep area, though. My friend said her bed was fine.They offer a continental breakfast, but I never used it. You can use the internet in the lobby, but it's a pound for 20 minutes.The location is perfect, couldn't get better! Overall, I would definitely recommend this place and would stay there again.	
Jun 4 2009 	DON'T EVER GO THERE AND EXPECT TO BE PLEASED!!	I am sorry that I am so negative but I am being 100% honest. My friend and I booked a room there for 1 night as we were taking part in the London Moonwalk (based in Hyde Park). The only positive thing was the location from Paddington and into Hyde Park, it was perfect. Apart from that the room was appalling, right up in the attic and not particularly clean, although bathroom was fairly new. I certainly would have not wanted to sleep there (we were using the room as a base as we were walking through the night). There was no fridge in the room and the staff were not singing from the same hymnsheet at all - one told us there was and another told us no rooms had them. They would not keep us breakfast if we were slightly late back from the Moonwalk, and merely said that it finished at 9.30am, no extensions! Unfortunately for us we were back in time to sample it and the cereal was housed in dirty Tupperware containers and the whole basement area which was supposedly the breakfast dining area looked as if it could do with a good scrub. All that was on offer was white bread for toasting, tea, coffee and fruit juice plus manky looking cereals.I feel that it is my duty as a good citizen to tell people of our experience because if you were going there for a holiday I believe you would be gutted.Sorry but there it is.	
May 13 2009 	No problems at all convenient cheap and good location!	My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights in September 2008 and found that the place was clean and it is in a good location as you are easily accessible to places of interest in London as the tube station isnt very far away. Breakfast was basic, just what you expect from continental breakfasts I suppose. If your booking a stay in London in advance however, why not try travelodges as you can usually get those for 29 pound per night and at least you know what to expect. (this is what I booked when I went to London again in January 2009)	
May 6 2009	Never ever stay at this hotel	Absolutely terrible......from the the lack of light bulbs and teaspoons ,pillows and overall comfort..this place has nothing going for it at all....	
Apr 25 2009 	All of us enjoyed it	I have been to London with my childrens ( daughter 11 and son 9 ). My first good impression was at the reception desk. The receptionist was very kind, polite and helpful, which made me feel safe with my children. We have had booked a Triple room and paid 95 english pounds for night. We have been offered room 14 on the top floor. We didn't see the room but on my request I was accommodated on a lower floor ( we had too many bags and intended to have more - shopping in London :) . Room 107 was a surprise. A very very very clean room with 2 big double beds nice newly refurbished bathroom, plasma TV and internet we could forget that we were in a two or three stars hotel. It was much better.I have asked about the price if we would make coffee or tea which were already in the room and been told : ( it is free and please ask for more when ever you need ). I have stayed in two, three and four stars hotels in europe and even for a cup of water I have been charged. But this time it was different. Instead of paying for tea or coffee in nearby restaurants, we could make more shopping hehehe.The breakfast was served in a small restaurant, but we went there early ( previusly I used to have breakfast in hotels at the last minuts before breakfast time ends and it was always crowded because most people waits till the last minuts). There was only few people there so it was ok. We had white and dark bread, jam, butter, eggs, cornflex, mussli, coffee, tea, milk, orange juice. My children enjoyd it. I drank only coffee and it was good.We stayed in Linden House Hotel 4 nights. I wish we could stay more. I have recomended this hotel to my friends and they were satesfide and thankful.Julcia	
Apr 5 2009 	Website images are miss leading	I stayed here for a two-night stay, for a birthday get away for my boy friend.Having searched and searched for modernised London hotels that were at an affordable price for my budget. I kept finding conflicting images of the hotels interior, so I called them and was assured all the rooms were 'beautifully refurbished'. So I went ahead and booked with the friendly man on the phone paying £90 for two nights (Thurs night and Sat night).The location of the hotel is a three-minute walk from Paddington underground station, which was perfect for us and anyone with suitcases. The hotel is easy to find and a good location for public transport. There is an array of restaurants on the doorstep of the hotel if you don't wish to venture far. The area seems ok and safe.The exterior of the hotel was positive, however upon entering the hotel my heart sank, I was expecting fresh and modern, but I was received with, a poor lick of paint and cheap trimmings! The place had been refurbished but on a very tight budget. They have spent all their money I think on the many CCTV cameras found around the hotel. We were in room 9, which was a double; you could see it had had a lick of paint but not much else. The double bed dominated the room leaving little space to put your suitcase down.If you kept the light off the room looked ok, it was a far cry from the images the hotel websites provide. However the room was clean the carpets were stain free, just more time and consideration could have been spent on the over all appearance. You got the impression it was an unfinished rushed job.The bathroom was good, time and effort had been spent here, although it was very very compact. If you were of a bigger build you would struggle moving around the bathroom. The only thing was the grouting in the shower was cracking at the shower tray, which let the image of the bathroom down.We understand that rooms in London are going to be small especially if you are on a budget, but it was far smaller than I had expected. Our bed was the real down fall, every time you moved even slightly the bed would squeak. On the morning of our departure we lifted the mattress up to find that 2 metal slats were broken and a metal rung from the headboard was broken. This was unacceptable regardless of the budget; you should not be given a broken bed.The breakfast was awful; you had the choice of white or brown bread and or cornflakes or cornflakes. To drink you could either have tea coffee or orange juice. The breakfast area was untidy, orange juice was spilt over the counter and cornflakes littered everywhere. The staff were all foreign and had a 'I’m not bothered attitude'. This is the most limited continental breakfast I have ever experienced.If you are planning to leave your suitcase at the hotel while you pack in some last minute sight seeing before your journey home be warned they have a charge of £5 per suitcase.We should have complained at the time of check in about our room but from the stairwell and other interior we has seen we failed to see that any other room would have been better.All of the reception staff were polite and friendly but I would not stay here again. I think you could find a much better hotel for the budget.	
Apr 5 2009	Getting more than what I paid	The title of this review pretty says it all - from this hotel I got more than what I paid. Yes the triple room (room 17) I booked is small but is sufficient for me and my parents' 3-night stay. The services are not good but I don't expect a 5-star hotel service from this little hotel. The room is clean and seems to be recently refurbished. One thing to complain is there is no soap holder in the shower (but I found the same problem in other London hotels as well).I saw previous reviews saying this hotel has poor baggage storage service (where baggages are placed in the lobby or down the stairs). Thanks to those reviews I first got all the valuables out, then requested the staff to keep my baggages at the lobby without moving it and nothing happened.The location is excellent, within a few minutes of walk from the Paddington Station and Hyde Park.The breakfast is fine as cereal and toast are basically my typical breakfast.There was no bad experience from this hotel after all. My advice is to read through other previous reviews, get a picture of what might happen and then make your choice. With this price in this location, I would definitely visit this hotel again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Small freezing rooms 	Despite the hotel's excellent location, I would not stay there again. The arrogant &quot;service&quot; at the front desk was disrespectful and rude rather than helpful. And although I was given a triple room (as a single traveler), the room was so tiny that I could not open my suitcase anywhere -- it would have been a mess staying there in three.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent location  nice small rooms  narrow stairs	I stayed for one night for 35 pounds. the price makes the hotel perfect for its location just 10 mins walking from edgeware or 3 mints from padington station.I took room 13 in the 3rd floor. The room is clean and very good ,very small but with queen size bed, just space for tightly opening the bag. No Lift , so its a hard job getting a big bag up due to the narrow stairs and no stuff assistance.Found free wireless there but not sure if it was offered by the hotel , so this was additional value as most of the hotels charge for it.Overall for this price range I would stay again in it and highly recommend it.	
Mar 3 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	As with most budget hotels in the area, this one is a bit tired – the room I had was certainly nothing like the ones that I saw on the website. I only stayed there for a night, and they couldn’t give me a double room, so had a twin instead.However, the reception was very friendly, I got checked in quickly and easily.The room itself was tired, however it was clean. My only real gripe would be that there were no curtains in the bathroom.The hotel is 2 minutes walk from Paddington station, so very handy.I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a budget hotel in a very convenient location.	
Mar 1 2009 	Brilliant value fr money	Really surprised by this hotel. Only paid £40 for a triple room, but got two double beds. Great location, 300 mtrs from paddington station, and hyde park. Room really clean with comfy beds. Brand new shower room, small but very clean, and well appointed. Breakfast fine, toast, cereal and eggs, great little cafe few doors up that does a great breakfast. Would definatly stay again.	
Jan 28 2009 	Try a hostel instead	We usually stay in hostels but thought we'd try a budget hotel this time, since it was around the same price. However we weren't impressed. The room was small, almost filled by the double bed. The TV was precariously attached to the wall directly above the bed. The furniture was old white chipboard stuff (classy!) and falling apart. The bed sheets were clearly very old with a few holes in them. The curtains were ancient net curtains, again with holes. Moving on to the bathroom, there was no room to move; literally one adult could fit in there, and a skinny one at that. The toilet seat was detached from the toilet.We had three nights booked. They wouldn't refund us but we left after the first night anyway. I am used to staying in hostels so I don't have particularly high standards - at least hostels do what they say on the tin!!	
Jan 28 2009 	croatia	me and 3 of my friends stayed at this hotel for 7 nights. we booked the room through venere.com. we got a great price with a discount and each of us payed 150euro for a week. it was even cheeper than on the hotel web site. i expected less, but we got a clean, renovated room with a fridge and our own bathroom. the breakfast was continental but a good start of every morning. the recepcionist was a really nice guy. the location of a hotel was great, 2 min walk from paddington station, and few more from hyde park. near the hotel there are few pubs, kfc, burger king and shops. the neighbourhood was guiet and pleasent. i think this hotel represents a good value for money. i think i will come this year again, but with my bf. i am looking forward to it!!!a+a+j+m	
Jan 12 2009 	exceeded our expectations	We went over to London for New Years Eve and stayed from the 29th December - 6th January, 2009 at Linden House. After having booked we were going through the reviews and were thinking of cancelling the booking but being end of year it was not easy to find a budget hotel in central London having availiability throughout all our stay. So we decided to keep to it and had no expectations at all, we were prepared for the worst.The hotel is conveniently located near Paddington Station which makes it easily accessible for people travelling with theHeathrow Express and underground tubes. When we arrived we were greeted well, the reception area is small yet welcoming and clean. We were prepred to carry our bags up a flight of stairs as we knew there was no lifts available and were lucky to have been allocated a room on the first floor. The room was nice, warm and clean having a modern bathroom, towels where changed everyday and the people were always helpful. The breakfast can be improved but we truly have nothing bad to say about this hotel I guess every experience is different. We would reccomend it anyday, it was an enjoyable stay which highly exceeded our expectations.	
Oct 16 2008 	Didn`t sleep a wink!	We needed a hotel for one night`s accomodation before flying out of London. We weren`t expecting luxury, but we were still very disappointed with what we found. It took us a little while to locate the hotel, and the checkin service was satisfactory, but the room was small, dark, noisy and downstairs (without a lift! Not good when you`ve got 6 weeks of luggage to cart around! When I asked the staff if there was a lift, he replied `it`s only one floor!`)We were woken up at 3:30am by fellow guests - we could hear every word of the their conversation from the room across the hall! Then, after we`d finally got back off to sleep at 5am, we were woken by the kitchen staff at 6:30am setting up for breakfast and having a very animated conversation to boot! The breakfast was tasteless and unsatisfactory. The quality of the room, particularly its fixtures and fittings, left a lot to be desired. As did its cleanliness. There is a frameless shower that managed to wet everything in the bathroom, including the toilet roll (which didn`t have a holder, so was sitting on top of the cistern)Although the location of this hotel works in its favour, and the staff weren`t directly rude just not overly helpful, I wouldn`t recommend this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great location basic	The hotel is located apporx 300m from Paddington Tube station making it a great location to sight see. The area felt safe and places to eat and drink locally. The reception area was very welcoming but we were in room 16 which was up 5 flights of narrow stairs - the decor on the way up was not as nice as the reception and it looks like they are carrying out some refurbishments. Our room was clean and the bathroom newly refurbed. Unfortunately our water was cut off one night at midnight meaning we couldn't shower or use the toilet and it was too late to call anyone out. The night receptionist gave us bottled water, a full kettle of water and told us not to use the toilet!! Breakfast was cereal, toast and boiled eggs but the breakfast room was compact. All in all, for the price, we got what we paid for. I would stay again purely for the location. THE PHOTOS ON THE LINDEN HOTEL WEBSITE DO NOT REFLECT WHAT THE ROOMS LOOK LIKE!!	
Aug 19 2008 	An intristing experience	I was really scared when I read about the hotel AFTER I booked for it on Net. First I wanted to cancel the reservation, but the price and the location (5 minutes walking to Hyde Park or Paddington Station) determined me to go for at any risk. We are 3 adults and stayed 14 nights at a very low price for Zone One in London, in July and August 2008. We had a triple room with a double and single bed, refurbished, nice looking, very clean, with no wardrobe, but with air conditioning and flat screen TV (TFT). The bathroom was a little too small, but new, clean and functional. The windows were old, not sure, and I thing the noise could penetrate through, if the room had been placed to the street. All the staff was very friendly, welcoming and accommodating. The only animal protein was one egg at the „Continental Breakfast”, but with toast, butter, jam, tee, coffee, orange juice, milk and 3 kind of cereals, a little crowded after 8.15. We really enjoyed this hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Indoor rain and fleas	Really terrible! It rained down from the roof into my bed and from the roof over the toilet. Beds filled with fleas. Breakfast room is a big sauna with queues and mess. Breakfast is toast, butter and jam on the tables, but no avaliable tables. When we asked the owner is we could change room, he answered &quot;But they are all bad&quot;.Find another hotel!	
Jul 22 2008 	Do Not Give These People Your Credit Card Details!!!	Like another reviewer for this hotel I have not actually stayed here but I made a booking through Late Rooms.. I accidentally put the wrong date on the booking. I rang them as soon as I realised - about an hour later - and they said it was fine to change the date. I then got a call from the hotel to say that I would have to tell Late Rooms so that I would not get charged. I rang them and they do not take payment for hotels so I rang the hotel back and they told me I would have to pay anyway. I argued that I was not actually cancelling the booking just changing it but they were having non of it. The woman I spoke to put the phone down on me. I tried several times to call back and they would not answer the phone and when they did as soon as they knew it was me put the phone down again.When they told me I would have to pay anyway I told them to cancel any booking for the 21st.Just to clarify I emailed them and they still had a booking for me. I have had to put a stop on my credit card so that they do not charge me for the other booking.They lied to me, they were rude and they took my money under false pretences.Avoid this place like the plague!	
Jul 20 2008	The worse hotel i ever stayed	My name is Bogdan from Romania and i visited London in June 2008. Please read this and forget about choosing this hotel.Don't try this hotel. It is dangerouse. I staied with my girlfriend for 4 nights and was terrieble. We were robed in the hotel. The people from frontdesk didn't called the police. We really belive that this hotel has a huge problem. We think that they are involved in steeling stuff from people from hotel. They stolled our laptop. And other three rooms were robed. For sure some of the stuff is involved. The frondesk people seems to understand english but actually they don't. There are imigrants from India that don't have a clue about english. It is the bad place i ever staied and i'm from Romania. Don't check in this hotel. Is worse than what i write here. They took our stuff out from the room and we didn't check out. The room was paid but they took all our luggage out and checked somobody else in our room. When we came back from the city all of our stuff was in the lobby. Really the rooms are with no protection. The rooms can be opened easilly. They actually have 5 rooms renoviert but all others are old and easy to broke in.Pay more because you will be safe and also your luggage. This is a dangerous place. Don't go there. Find another hotel. If not better cancel your trip. Serios, is better so.	
Jul 18 2008 	Avoid or be very carful with your credit card details!!	Comments: I have not stayed here so can not comment on the hotel itself but can comment on the problems I have encountered with a cancelled booking! I booked a room and used my credit card to secure the booking however the management said they would charge me more than the standard or deluxe rates shown on the website, stating it was because it was a weekend! I was annoyed at this so I decided to cancel. I emailed the hotel a month before the date I was due to stay asking them to cancel the booking and confirm they'd done this and that they had destroyed my credit card details but didn't receive a reply. I emailed again two weeks before the booking and finally received a reply confirming the room had been cancelled. I then booked a room elsewhere.When I checked with my bank after my visit to London , Linden House Hotel had debited my credit card with £150 on the date I was supposed to stay despite the fact that I had cancelled well in advance. The cancellation policy states 48 hours before the date of arrival or the first night stay will be charged. When I telephoned to query this, I allegedly spoke to one of the managers and was advised I was charged as we didn't show up. I have forwarded all the emails to the hotel showing that they acknowledged the room had been cancelled well in advance. That was three days ago and after several phone calls and emails, to which I have had no response, I am now going to follow this up with my bank. When I have telephoned, I have asked for the details of the person/company that actually own the hotle but could not get the details from the person I was speaking with. If you are desperate enough to book this hotel, make sure you get the advertised rate and if you cancel for whatever reason, make sure you cancel the credit card that you give them to secure your booking!!!	
Jul 10 2008	value for money	i read some of the previous reviews expecting very little when i went. but seriously, it is great value for the amount of money i was willing to fork out. the staff was friendly and helpful when needed and i encountered no problems at all. the location's excellent as well.	
Jul 7 2008 	try elsewhere.......	First of all let me say if you have a few extra pounds to spend then take my advice &amp; stay somewhere else. I have stayed at this hotel on previous occasions (when it was run by the previous owners) &amp; before the so called 'complete refurbishment' (which is a blatant exaggeration of the truth!)  Since its takeover by the new proprietors let me point out a few details that may be of importance. The hotel website advertises a double/twin room at £70 per night, however on a couple of occasions I have called to book I was told the price was £95, when I questioned why, I was informed that due to special events or circumstances the price is put up! However, a mid week stay with no special events that I knew of cannot constitute the hotel adding an extra £25 to the price they advertise. It goes against advertising standards - BE WARNED of this little matter. The hotel website also claims that the hotel has been completely refurbished! That may be so for the reception area, but as for the double room I had the 'pleasure' of staying in, it was of a very sub standard condition. There was paint peeling, the decor was akin to something from the 1970's as were the curtains &amp; bed sheets. The rooms are quite small, this I knew of from my previous stays, I am not after luxury, just something thats value for money &amp; convenient. The pictures on the website were nothing like the room I stayed in. Dirty magnolia walls with paper peeling at the edges is something I would liken to one of those 'motels from hell' you would see in a horror flick.  Next comes the breakfast room, which seems to be smaller than I remember. Forget a traditional English breakfast as was the case with the previous owners, all you have now is a continental breakfast which you have to queue for. There was no free tables when I visited between the given times of 8.30 - 9.30am, I had to queue as did other people &amp; there was no clean tables or cups. I suggest the hotel proprietor rethinks the window on breakfast times as the one hour period just causes queues &amp; chaos! The waiting staff, although I do not lay the blame with them, did very little to offer any help even though they saw people waiting for a table. Needless to say, I did not wait &amp; went further up the road into Paddington for breakfast.  I did make a point of this at reception, but my comments that were written on an A4 piece of paper will no doubt have found its way into the waste paper bin! In summary, I will NEVER stay at this hotel again &amp; I feel sorry for anyone who has the misfortune to believe this is what British hospitality is really like. The standards of this hotel leave alot to be desired &amp; I would suggest they be a little more forward with the truth on their website regarding price of rooms &amp; the complete refurbishment of the hotel is quite obvious to me that they are not being totally honest with their customers. I will wait to see if the nature of my complaint is acknowledged but somehow I dont think it will.	
Jun 30 2008 	CRAP HOTEL	The hotel is the worst we've EVER lived in in our entire lives. Rude staff, they make you pay for evertyhing, for storage of your luggage in the kitchen with no security and they charge you 5 pounds..EVEN WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT. They tell you its possible to leave it in the hotel lobby but later moving it down into the kitchen and charging you 5 pounds without even asking for your permission. VERY unprofessional. I would not advise anyone to book a room with this hotel. You would be highly disappointed and angry. On the first night they even asked us for our security code at the back of our credit card! HOW RIDICULOUS! Not only did we have to put up with the room being filty, stinky, mouldy, and half falling down, we had to argue with the receptionist for what we wanted. This is just out of order, majorly ruining our holiday mood and ruining the reputation of linden house hotel.	
May 29 2008 	Watch out	I booked to stay for 3 nights at the Linden House after checking it out on the net. But when we reached there and being shown the room, we saw it was really very tacky and not anything like what was expected. The Quad room was tiny with barely room to move around. There was one window in the room which opened into a little space (maybe 10 x10) which was boxed on all sides. So could only see a blank grey wall. The bedside table had a huge hole in it which rendred it unusable.When my wife and kids absolutely refused to stay at this place, the receptionist offered to show us other rooms, but these turned out to be even worse than the first room.Apart from this the hotel had a really creepy and wierd atmosphere and definitely not a place you would take your wife and kids to.At this point I informed the receptionist that we would not be checking in and my wife walked out to look for rooms in other nearby hotels which all looked better than this one.I had paid GBP 300/- for a 3 day stay at 100/- a day. When I asked for a 200/- refund as I was ready to loose the 100 pounds but not stay there, I was informed that I was going to be charged 200 pounds as cancellation. When I argued that this was not as per guidelines recieved with my confirmation as it was specified there that in case of a 'No Show' the hotel 'may' charge a 1 day cancellation, the person called up the owner who apparently told him to inform me that I was lucky that I was getting any refund at all.I want to warn everybody who is booking this hotel, that there are many many other much better hotels all around at comparable rates and please don't book this one.	
May 2 2008 	Location	My wife and I booked this Hotel through an agent, unfortunately they did not pass this onto the hotel. However on arrivial staff were were most helpfull ensuring that we were looked after. The room was clean and tidy and was pleasent. The location is great and we found it a great place to stay. I will recommend this hotel to others as it is certainly value for money.Jeff and Phillippa	
Feb 22 2008 	Good Night's Stay	Stayed for one night 18 February 2008 in Double En-Suite with Continental Breakfast at very reasonable rate.Friendly receptionist greeted our arrival and showed us to room.Room was located in the basement, but had been recently refurbished and was warm, clean, and comfortable. Air conditioning was available but only required for a short time. Tea/Coffee facilities in room.En-Suite was a fully tiled 'wet room' with open shower and modern sanitaryware.Choice at Continental Breakfast was limited to Tea/coffee, cereals, fruit juice and toast / jams. A nice touch were the pots of hard boiled eggs on each table!Conveniently located for Lancaster Gate Tube and Paddington StnThe hotel rooms are currently being refurbished, and we understand that approx. 50% are complete. Would recommend requesting a refurbished room as there is a significant improvement. Would also suggest that for more than two nights, an 'above ground' room be requested.Recommended for a short stay in London	
Feb 22 2008 	Great Hotel	We were a little scared after reading other reveiws here and on the hotel website but.........................we were pleasantly supprised!! we received a very warm welcome.As we checked in early, we were happy to store our luggage though we had to pay £5 .we were on the first floor the room looked newly decorated the beds were new and everything was spotlessly clean!! The hotel is very close to subway which is very safe !! it was great.no problems at all.	
Feb 15 2008 	Dont Stay Here You Will Probably Catch Something	I booked a night in this hotel as a birthday surprise for my husband and couldn't evan stomach that. On arrival the place is like a building site. When entering the room the smell that greeted us was disgusting. On inspection none of the furniture had any handles on them, there was damp on the ceiling, mould in the shower and on the walls, it was not a doulble room but a twin, hardly any of the facilities that were advertised were available and top it off there was human poo on one of the beds (DISGUSTING). The staff are the most rude, unhelpful people i have meet in a very long time. They point blank refused any refund, lets see what lastminute.com will do about resolving this situation.	
Feb 12 2008 	Website is pure fiction this hotel SUCKS	This hotel is the worst i've ever stayed at. The rooms were filthy and small. The &quot;double&quot; bed was so worn that when you sat on it the mattress squashed until you were sitting on the base. The sheets were dirty. The wallpaper had mould and was flaking off. The bed filled half the room, and was squashed into the end of the room surrounded by 3 walls. Barely enough room to get dressed. The website is PURE FICTION. They simply must have taken pictures of another hotel. The rooms are HOSTEL style, not as described on the website. If you pay more than 20 quid a night, you've been turned over. I promised my wife next month we'd find somewhere nicer.... there's an underpass underneath the hammersmith flyover that would qualify..........	
Jan 23 2008	Never Ever Stay Here!	This is the worst hotel I have ever been in. We had seen on their website which looks very fancy with nice rooms as they said they had just been refurbished. We decided to ring them and book the room and were promised one of the new rooms. All that seemed great until we got there. We had been told there was parking nearby but it was 20 min walk away. On arrival, we collected they keys, filled out the form and went to the room. We were given one of the old rooms, when we queried it we were told there was no way we would of been told we could have a new room, and for the money we paid, that is all we are getting. That was the only reason we booked this hotel! If you can call it that! The room was absolutely horrible! The mattress was so old and stained and totally lumpy. Extremely old decor. The bathroom was not nice, crap toilet and no hot water in the shower!! The shower tap was falling off the wall. Walls were paper thin, Rude staff and a very rude young receptionist who has the attitude that he is better than you and makes you seem to be in the wrong. Please to not ever stay in this lame excuse for a hotel. For the same price there is alot better for money!	
Jan 13 2008 	Oh my god its a horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	rude staff, unclean rooms, rats, toilet falling off the wall, towels&amp; bedding stained and torn, black mouldy shower, wall paper torn...............I only wish I'd had the stomach to stay long enough to photograph this hole.ps: having been flatly refused a refund by the management as I walked out 5minutes after walking in, for the 2 nights prepaid thru lastminute.com. Lastminute.com have contacted them and been told that I stayed both nights... a blatent lie.	
Nov 22 2007	Ok for a night	Excellent location, friendly reception, and dining room OK. Bedroom small and a bit old, but needs modernising, especially the shower. Evidence of some work going on around and about the place,, but seems it could do with a major refurbishment top t0 bottom? Do wish they provided continental style quilts instead of those old fashioned sheets and blankets. Ok for an overhight stay for an early start out of Paddington station, though, or perhaps a later night arrival there, but really not a very good standard overall, even for the so-called 'special' prices on the internet.	
Nov 15 2007 	So disappointing!	I have reviewed this hotel before. Sadly it has changed hands. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and stayed again after a poor experience in September. I will never stay here again. It is cheap though and convenient! The lovely friendliness of the place is gone. The breakfast room has been halved in size and it is nearly impossible to get to the help yourself toast and cereal. The breakfast is really awful now. I had one thin pillow full of lumps. They did give me another but not much better. My room was on the road side and so noisy I just could not sleep. I guess if you want really cheap accommodation it is ok but it is so different and just don't expect what it used to be. This was actually the worse staying experience I have ever had.	
Nov 6 2007 	Don't stay here!!!!	Arrived to see a clean and tidy lobby, no problem.They wanted me to pay upfront which should have sent my alarm bells ringing but I was tired and paid up. They wanted me to fill in and sign a form which would have been no problem but alarm bells did start to ring because on the form was a gap for my social security number. I did worry then. However, when I did eventually get to my room I was horrified. Wallpaper was ripped and the plaster showing, bedding old and stained, stains on the carpet and walls. When I tried to pull a curtain it came off the rail because it had been held in place with paper clips!!The place was just not clean.We booked out and I only got half my money back, they said that I was expecting too much for the money. I told them that cleanliness was the most basic requirement but I still lost 70 quid, and I only stayed 30 mins!!Keep well away&quot;!!	
Oct 26 2007	No Hot Water!!!!!!!	This is the second most appalling hotel I have stayed in. we stayed here on the 13th September 2007. They were right in the middle of refurbishing it and we had notelectricity and no hot water. they expected us to stay there while they were rennovating and hammering and banging while we were trying to sleep. when we asked for our money back they refused in a smug manner and would not help us. eventually we made so much fuss and told potential guests not to book in until they sent us to another hotel in Nottinghill. Their attitude was rude and unhelpful. Continental Breakfast consisted of toast, cheese and orange juice. I am sure once the rennovations are completed it will be better as long as you don't mind sleeping in the basement under the stairs next to the kitchen as this is the part that was being rennovated. The rest of the place if very tired and run down The ceiling is falling down in the foyer and the carpets are thread bare. . be warned do not risk your health or your money and stay in this rat hole.	
Oct 13 2007 	feel like home	we stayed in linden house hotel on the 3rd of oct the rooms were fabulouse spaciouse and we loved the bath room ,they were newly refurbished, very clean the staff extremly helpfull and friendly they made us feel like home, diffently we will stay in this hotel again. mrs brown	
Sep 17 2007 	The worst hotel ive ever stayed in!	Again, as many other reviewers have said, I ignored the feedback thinking they were over exaggerated and left by people who like to complain. I have never left a review but after staying in this dilapidated cesspit I felt I had to. Our room had flaking wallpaper, dirty sheets and towels and we had no hot water for the duration of our miserable and overly expensive two night stay. The staff were rude, penny pinching and generally the people you hope get targeted by a show like watchdog. JUST DONT GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 9 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!	We arrived at the hotel expecting a &quot;Warm Welcome&quot;, just as their web site says. However, we were ignored by the 2 receptionists. We were told our room wasn't available until 1.00, even though they have a chick-in of 12.00.The room was absolutely disgusting. In our opinion, well below the 2 stars it was awarded. When we booked this hotel, we were only expecting clean and basic. This hotel was nether. The bathroom was unfit for propose. Wall paper peeling, and the shower cubicle, in bad need of attention. The general cleanliness was unacceptable.This hotel was so bad, we couldn't even stay one night. Unfortunately, although we had read a few bad reviews on this web site, we made the mistake of ignoring them, thinking that they were over exaggerations. Big mistake! If you do choose to stay here, be warned that they take 1 nights full payment if you do choose to walk out. Inspect your room before you sign any thing.	
Aug 24 2007 	Worst hotel in London I've ever been	Though having slept through about a dozen of different hotels in Central London already, this was the worst overnight experience I've ever had. The tiny single bedroom was dirty, the furniture - if it can be called like that - was wrecked and partly unusable. The window couldn't be opened, neither was there any aircon instead. The bathroom couldn't be closed properly from outside without putting a bag or shoe against the door.When arriving I was told that they would charge me for usage of both credit and debit cards but required payment at the moment of arrival. I said I would go to withdraw some money (to pay cash) although I had expected they would at least accept Maestro/Switch without any charges (BTW: applying charges for Maestro card usage is not allowed to stores in the UK) but they became very rude about that. Breakfast wasn't bad but neither great - just average continental. After checking out (which had to be done before 10:30) I asked for putting my luggage in storage - just one smaller bag - and they even wanted to charge me for putting it behind the reception desk. Alternatively they offered me to just park the bag for free somewhere in the open reception room without getting it locked away (and without taking any liability, of course). Even in 3 star hotels in London I never had to pay for keeping my luggage safe during the day of check-out. I never would rate this hotel a 2 star one, even assigning a single star to it would be overrated.	
Jun 1 2007 	Basic but acceptable	Pros:Located in convenient area, very close to two different tube stations - Paddington and Lancaster Gate.Low priced, but does has everything you'll need. Private bath, hair dryer, tea/coffee machine. Friendly staff. Relativly good breakfast - includes some proteins like eggs and cheese. Cons:Tiny rooms - very, very small, even triple ones.First time ever in my life, when I've been forced to wait till 1pm (official check in time), despite the fact, that my room was ready prior that time.Sound isolation is not the best. No air conditioning - room get really hot in a hot day.However, air conditioning is not common in London.	
Mar 24 2007 	Never Again!	WARNING! NOT RECOMMENDED ---- KEEP OUT!We were first sent into a room, which was not ready and a complete mess! After complaining we were given another one, the beds were made, but it still was extremely dirty, you didn't even dare to touch anything. On the little TV there were some 4 LOUSY stations in bad quality; the carpets were so dirty you didn't even dare walking stepping on them without wearing socks or shoes.The bath room was tiny and not clean either. The water faucets didn't work properly, neither in the sink nor in the shower; there was warm water coming out of them, BUT with two seperate, oldfashioned faucets it was impossible to mix the hot and cold water; so you could either get boiling hot, or ice cold water at a time; GREAT! The room was cold, but there was a radiator which even worked!No mini-bar, no hairdryer, no safe.The house had about four floors and very narrow, old stairs; no lift available, so we had to walk up 4 steep stairs every time, which could be quite exhausting.The staff wasn't unfriendly but not very attentive either; except for the owner, the east-european trainees' knowledge of English was somewhat limited.We had to pay for the room right at the arrival.Last but not least a few good aspects:-close to tube station and other public transport-internet facility at the reception-shower gel and soap provided (wow)-affordable price in expensive London (one of the cheapest available on the net)BUT: If you want to do yourself some good, LEAVE IT! Pay a little more and get something way superior, which will make your stay in London more enjoyable.	
Mar 22 2007 	Dont stay on top floor!	This hotel could do with a re-dec room was shabby.Breakfast ok (but please get some decent sausages).They will ask you for a £5 KEY DEPOSIT! but forgot to re pay this we had to ask for it.There are 88 steps to top floor (no lift).	
Mar 20 2007 	Basic fare		
Mar 7 2007 	Depressing and Cramped		
Jan 31 2007 	Location 		
Jan 26 2007 	Excellent value at a budget price		
Dec 8 2006 	The Dregs		
Apr 24 2006	Worst choice		
Feb 16 2006	Cheap but not so cheerful		
Jan 10 2006	For the very budget conciousa clean place to sleep		
Sep 11 2005	Two girls in London		
May 13 2005	Linden House - Perfect location for women travellers		
Oct 11 2009 	Una relación calidad precio estupenda.		
Oct 8 2009 	Giusto rapporto qualità prezzo		
Sep 30 2009 	Economico e Accogliente		
Sep 27 2009 	Emplacement idéal		
Sep 19 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Aug 30 2009 	Scarso ecco xke le stelle se le danno da soli		
Aug 26 2009 	Situacion fantasticaun poco mas de amplitud y limpieza.		
Apr 29 2009 	Finger weg von diesem Hotel!!!		
Mar 31 2009 	Hôtel très bon rapport qualité/prix - Je le recommande vivement		
Mar 10 2009 	Ubicación perfecta		
Mar 7 2009 	Camere veramente piccole ma eccellente rapporto qualità / prezzo		
Feb 22 2009 	Très simple mais meilleur qualité/prix		
Feb 14 2009 	Camera Piccola ma ad un attimo dal centro di Londra		
Feb 6 2009 	alla partenza chiamatevi il taxi da soli		
Feb 1 2009 	Un poco cutre		
Dec 18 2008 	hotel centrale e adatto a viaggiatori poco esigenti		
Nov 25 2008 	ottimo!		
Nov 24 2008	Delizioso e accogliente		
Oct 20 2008 	Sehr schlechtes Preis Leisungsverhältnis		
Sep 19 2008 	Das schlechteste Hotel der Welt		
Aug 12 2008 	Arruinaron mi viaje por completo		
Jun 21 2008 	Katastrophal		
Jun 19 2008	Super Hotel		
Mar 29 2008 	Wir waren total zufrieden		
Mar 5 2008 	Hotel miteux publicité mensongère		
Feb 29 2008 	El Peor hotel en el que he estado del Mundo		
Jan 26 2008 	Bon endroit		
Nov 20 2007 	Buena relacion calidad/precio		
May 20 2007 	Okay für unkomplizierte Leute		
