Jul 15 2009 	Barely adequate for the price considering that the room wasn't exactly clean.	On arrival the room appeared fairly clean although there was a 'beery' smell. Upon investigation we found a damp sticky patch at the foot of the bed on the floor-obviously beer had been spilt and not cleaned up. On asking a member of staff for a room change we were told that it was not possible as the hotel was full-fair enough.When we asked for a discount we were told that that member of staff could not authorise that and that no manager was available over the weekend period-strange?We also asked for additional pillows only to be told that none were available either-strange again?The room facilities were basic if adequate, the mattress a little firm/ thin, there was evidence of smoking ( even if it is illegal now) in the room and the cap of a Vodka bottle under the bedside table-so cleaning standards would appear to be low!There was some noise on the corridor in the early hours (2.30-3.30 am) but little external noise (with the windows closed as the room was pleasantly cool).The buffet style breakfast for £2.95 seemed good value-if a little chaotic given the poor layout of the dining area and the number of people in there.Staff were polite-despite there being an error in checking in-at 1.00 am a member of staff entered the room stating that the computer showed it to be empty-however he was very apologetic when he realised it was not.	
Jul 12 2009 	STAY HERE ONLY IF YOU ARE DESPERATE	I had the misfortune of staying here and my advice, DONT BOTHER. The room I was given had brown 'faecal' marks on the walls, even more on the toilet walls. The TV did not work and the air conditioning was non existent. There were information leaflets in the room which had 8 different pieces of gum stuck between its leaves, obviously never checked or removed. The shower cubicle was dirty and smelly and the bunk bed had broken slats and supports. Dont bother complaining to the staff as all you get is a shrug of the shoulders. The area around the 'hotel' is surrounded by a high steel fence, I think this was to keep inmates in there. The sign on the building had a missing letter and I did make the suggestion that they replace it with a letter which would more accurately represent it, HOVEL. As for complaining to ETAP, again dont bother as they will only allow you to do so via the web site and they deliberately put faults in the submission form so you cant complain, eg they ask you to enter the date stayed in a particular format but this is then rejected by the system as an invalid form. Overall opinion, if you want to sleep in London on a budget, park benches in Hyde Park are a better alternative to this place.	
Mar 30 2009 	Totally awful experience - never to be repeated!!!	The most awful hotel i have ever stayed in, i wouldnt even call it a hotel, it was more like a hostel.The rooms were vile, space saver shower and a toilet cubicle, no bathroom basically. Filthy floor, didnt even stand on it without shoes. If we could have got in somewhere else we would have left there and then.The location was awful - really rough industrial estate with an esso garage right next to it. The window overlooked the truckys carpark so we had to keep the blind closed and also the window. We stayed in there to sleep, that was it, got up quickly in the morning and left almost straight away. It was at least an hour to the centre on the tube, plus you have to walk through the roughest place to get to the line, police were there with a riot van picking up a load of drug users as we went passed - hurrendous!!Please do not stay here under any circumstances.	
Aug 29 2008	Noise noise noise	Stayed there for one night and I wouldn´t recommend it. It was so noisy. Noise from the street (there is an Esso right next to it, where trucks are driving by at night) and noise from slammed doors inside the Etap hotel.The Twin Room is a joke as it comes with a tiny loft bed. To top it all there were hairs from strangers on the bed.	
Jul 31 2008	really basic	Stayed here as a family of 2 adults and 1 teenage girl. The room is very basic (double bed with a single bunckbed across the top) but for the money good value. The staff are very helpful as I had to make feed's up at night and this was no problem getting access to the kitchen and boiling water. The hotel is handy for City Airport if you get the DLR to Pontoon Dock and walk back to the hotel its easyer that wheeling case from the airport. The only disadvantage is the travelling to and from the city and the time it takes up.	
Feb 3 2008	Made me have one of the best experiences in my life...	Altough it isn`t on of those luxurious,expensive hotels, I absolutly loved staying in it because here is where I met one of the greatest persons...Muhib,the receptionist. If you ever, ever stay here, make time to have a litlle chat with him, and you`l never forgett him. When I met Mo(that`s his nickname), I didn`t even care anymore about the services, it was all about the neatness of the staff. Mo, we will never forgett you and we still love you very very much!(just as friends of course, don`t think of anything kinky!)This hotel provided me and my friends with the most wonderful experiences we had in a long time...	
Feb 3 2008	The best trip ever	So...i slept at the etap hotel for 6 night, while on a trip to london last summer. Me and my friends personally enjoyed ourselves there, and we also met a really nice man, named Muhib. He treated us really kindly, and maybe that's the reason why wedidn't sleep at all 2 night. We just stayed with him at the reception, talking and chatting. It was great. The others, however weren't like that, and we could observe a lack of attention.  i strongly hope that one day i`ll get there again, because it was the trip of my life. And Mo....if you read this...remember that your friends from oradea didn't forget you. kisses:*:* nadina	
Jun 15 2007 	Clean basic functional no frills but good value.	This is the ryanair of Hotels. For what you pay for this is exceptionally good value. Its dirt cheap, its clean, (you can stay inexpensive hotels that have are much more grotty!!) it has a TV, a clean shower, clean toilets, clean sheets. No frills. I was there for one night to go to Excel Exhibition centre. Its relatively close (5 mins walking). I'd recommend it for what its is, a simple place to stay for a few nights. Its not luxury but it never claims to be. You arrive you, you sleep, you leave. Its also a few mins walk from the DLR so that's a plus if you want to go into the city.	
May 4 2007 	Not quite up to ETAP's usual standard	The reason I stayed at this hotel and not the nearby TravelLodge was for the Orange WiFi service (seems to be available at most Accor hotels) which works with my Orange Business Everywhere subscription.As for finding it, the hotel is between DLR stops of Pontoon-Dock and London-City-Airport, and the number 474 bus from the airport stops about 200 metres from the hotel.I have stayed in Etap hotels before (like London Barking which was correct), and believe me, I am quite happy staying in the most basic accommodation as long as it is up together, but this time, Accor's offering was not completely up to scratch.At his hotel, the room I was given for GBP39 per night smelt of cheesy feet, the shower smelt of a dirty drain, and the bathroom fittings (originally white) were rusting. This Etap hotel was like a Formule-1 hotel with ensuite bathroom. Okay, Formule-1's do not have ensuites and that is the difference between a Formule-1 and an Etap, but this one was just as basic as any Formule-1 I have ever stayed in. I wondered whether this hotel was built as a Formule-1 and converted to be an Etap?I would not stay that the above problems were due to a lack of attention by the hotel staff - it just seems that not enough money has been spent on repairs and refurbishment by its owners and it is becoming a dive.	
Dec 19 2006 	Great for plane spotters!	I stayed a night at this hotel/lodge I have styed in etap hotels before accros europe and they all look the same. It's dirt cheap for London and you do not need to book very far ahead to get a good deal. It is very close to london City airport and the DLR which I used to get out and about. The hotel is little tired now but has ensuite rooms and a tv. The beds are firm but that the way I like them. The lack of food places in the area is a pain but the bus nearby does go to an Asda supermarket with a bowling place nearby. The travelodge nearby does have a cafe in it with a bar. The breakfast which is extra is nothing to write home about yet it is adequate and you can eat as much as you want. I would use it again if pushed but my regular hotel at canning town is only £10 more yet it was full. :o(	
Dec 6 2006 	You can't help loving it...	I was looking for a cheap accomodation in London that even a Hungarian secondary school teacher can afford with two friends of hers when an acquaintance of mine recommended the Etap Hotel. I contacted them and I'm happy to have done so.The room was extremely clean and tidy (at least as long as we didn't unpack our suitcases :-))The staff was very friendly, kind and helpful, whatever we needed and whenever we needed that. The breakfast was more than enough, and we could find all our morning favourites in the choice.We spent five nights there and we enjoyed ourselves a lot.Thank you,Meshy, Csaba and Laci from Hungary	
Dec 1 2006 	Compared to the price it is fine	Well people, nagging is so easy.But if you are realistic you will have to admit that the ETAP is allright if you compare the quality to the room rate of GBP 35,-.The room, shower and toilet were clean. Easy access to both London City Airport and Excel Exhibition Centre. The area isn't nice at all, but if you just need a place to stay it is fine.I have been staying in London many times, but most of the hotels up to 3-stars are bad and way more expensive than the ETAP. If you want quality in London you should count on at least a room rate of GBP 120,- or more in London.I must admit that 2 persons is the maximum per room for me. As a family room or for 2 collegues sharing it will be too small and there is an absolute lack of privacy as there is no real bathroom. Getting dressed in the shower isn't comfortable I guess ...Resuming: Good and clean place to sleep, shower and use the toilet. Breakfast is very good if you compare the rate of GBP 2,95 p.p.p.d. at the ETAP with average breakfast rates in London.	
Nov 20 2006 	Wife refused to stay	I have stayed in countless hotels of all classes and know what to reasonably expect. Earlier this year I had stayed overnight in an Accor budget hotel in Liverpool which was clean and had a pleasant little bar so for £40 and parking the night before flying to Amsterdam for the England game with the wife I thought it would do. The hotel was so grubby she refused to stay and I had to book in at the nearby Ramada for £130. The staff were smoking in the doorway when we arrived and when we left. When we asked where we could get something to eat and drink we were told the Esso garage. We were allocated a room and had to ask them where it was. I'll never make this mistake again.	
Oct 19 2006	A complete dump	Hotel was shabby and room was totally under par. Had to ask for bedding for my daughters bed, towels and the tv to be fixed. The shower leaked and the walls were grubby and the lino bubbly. This room cost £44 (triple occupancy) and the previous night we stayed at the Travelodge which was by comparison luxurious for £26!Will not stay at an Etap again.	
Aug 9 2006 	Budget but very Clean	I stayed 8 days in London that's why I needed a &quot;low-budget&quot; hotel. The hotel was very clean (I think they just built this hotel 1 or 2 years ago). I also booked breakfast. Would never do this again. I just got MINI croissants (from the supermarket) and on some days you just could choose between ONE sort of marmelade and honey. Also it is kind of far from the centre. But all in all it is a very clean &quot;low-budget&quot; hotel.	
Jun 23 2006 	What one would expect if a little grubby in places..	There isn't much to say with regard to Etap hotels. They are basic, budget hotels and as such this one fufilled it's remit.Negative points: Grubby furnishings: They furnishings are beginning to show their wear and tear. Chips in the furniture, marks on the paint.Uncomfortable bedding: Very thin matresses and pillows which were so thin as to almost prove useless.Television reception: Constantly flickering and seemed to never be tuned in quite well. This made it fairly impossible to watch anythingPositive points:Cheap: It had a better rate than the near by Travelodge for the nights I requiredLocation: Quite near London City Airport. It was within walking distance, but if you have baggage, get the 474 bus from the Airport to North Woolwich. The Etap is behind the Esso Garge at the roundabout. It's also a short walk from Pontoon Dock DLR station, making it handy to get to Central London. The Esso garage is also 24/7 and a good source for drinks/snacks.Shower: The shower in my room was fantastically powerful. I can forgive a hotel many faults, if the shower is good. I've stayed at 5* hotels with showers that could not meet the standards of this one..just what you need to wake up/refresh yourself in the evening.So all in all, the Etap is what it is..a cross between a hotel and a hostel at a price that isn't pocket breaking. However, they do need to refurbish the rooms, and make sure things like the TV's are in proper working order. Even if you pay a cheap rates, you should still have the promised facilities! The staff were ok, the hotel itself was reasonably..but if you get a cheaper rate for the Travelodge nearby, you might be better off. It is newer, and a little bit more polished.	
Oct 20 2009	Disgustoso		
May 15 2009 	Mai più!!!!!!		
Jul 11 2008 	Nichts auszusetzen.		
Jul 3 2008 	Günstig Sauber Zweckmässig: Etap halt		
Apr 22 2008 	einfach aber sauber und sympathisch		
Jul 28 2007 	ganz und gar nicht schlecht		
