Nov 18 2009 	Loved the Oliver	This central, comfy hotel is very cosy &amp; homely and close to Kensington High Street and Earls Court Tube Station. A 15 to 20-minute walk will bring you to Harrods, Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Piccadilly. Hotel Oliver is in Central London and is well equipped for a low-price stay. Free tea/coffee is available in the breakfast room 24 hours a day, and there is free wireless internet access. There is easy access to buses and trains. The Piccadilly Line service from Earls Court Tube Station goes directly to Heathrow Airport. Secured car parking is available with prior arrangement.	
Nov 16 2009 	Bed Bugs!!!!	This hotel looked nice and wasn't daftly cheap, so i thought why not?I'll tell you why not. The sink and shower were both broken on arrival, the heating was stuck on, so the room was roasting! The breakfast consisted of 2 toast, 2 slices od processed cheese and a boled egg; this was supposed to be a full english!!!!Worst of all, the bed sheets were covered in dried blood and when i got home, i was covered in bed bug bites.Do not stay at this hotel, you'd better off sleeping in the bs stop outside!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Aware of Bed Bugs	We stayed in this hotel for 11 nights in a triple room . Every thing is going well until the 10th day of our stay, red spots were visible all over our body. Yes, we did complaint to the hotel that they might be ants or bedbugs in our beds. First hotel staffs refused about any ants or bedbugs in their hotel until we show our red spots as the proof to them, They promised to do deep cleaning during daytime while we were going out of town. When we came back at night, our room was clean and smell good so we went back to sleep. The next morning we found alive bedbugs on our bed sheets and pillows. Do not recommended this hotel to anyone. We are every disappointed and suffer from terrible itchy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Four letter word DUMP	The hotel lobby is a mess with wires hanging out of the wall. When going to our first room we found the sink would not dran and the room was dirty. Gave us keys to two other rooms to find what we liked. Both were dirty and every thing in both rooms looked like a war zone. We selected a room and after turning down the bed we found dirty sheets. Tried the shower but water trickled out not run out. When we left early the next day we found the desk clerk on the floor behind the desk sleeping. From beginning to end the stay was the worst of any of our travels. Advice, sleep in the train station before the hotel Oliver.	
Oct 8 2009 	Too many issues for just one night stay	I didn't book Oliver Hotel originally, but had to stay there when the hotel that I had originally booked said that there were &quot;health and safety&quot; issues with my room and they had to move me to a nearby hotel. The first problem was with the phone line. My friend could not call her family to inform about the hotel change, as there was simply no phone line available. We later found out that the phones were actually working, but the hotel did not allow people to use them, because they did not have a way to control the length of the calls and charge them later. That's ridiculous!Second and worst issue: my friend arrived before me and made the check-in first. When I arrived, the receptionist gave me the room keys and told me that she had left for a while. After about 20 minutes, I started to get worried that she hadn't come back yet. Then I realised that some of her things in the bedroom were in Italian and we do not speak any Italian! I was given the key to the wrong bedroom! As soon as I realised this, I ran to the reception with all my stuff. The receptionist did not admit that he sent me to the wrong room until I saw the correct room number in the form that my friend filled in at check-in. The receptionist did not apologize for this unacceptable mistake.Thirdly (as if it was not enough), our room was in the basement, located under the reception. We could not sleep due to the sound of steps from the reception and from people on the street during the whole night Other issues: the water in the shower was not hot enough and the breakfast was very poor.I definetly do not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	The worst maaged hotel in London	We stayed as a family for just one night. There was no phone in the room. In the morning when we struggled with either extremely cold or boiling hot water, the manager still argued it was not a big prblem. Not a penny was refunded for the worst hotel experience,rather the manager was very rude and nasty.Never go there !	
Jan 17 2009	not the best	it was quite clean but the room was so small and the bathroom was practically in the bedroom ,the water was so hot i would not of put a child in the shower also every time we shut the door it nearly took our hands off it slammed that hard,as for the staff all they said to us was tea or coffee cornflakes OR eggs and that was the conversation for 3 days,luckily we was out all day untill late at night so we wasnt in there very much, but dont expect friendlyness here the receptionist didnt even lift her head up from the desk to say goodbye on our departure,	
Oct 22 2008 	Just OK	It's so expensive to stay in London, so I wasn't expecting a palace for the price we paid at Hotel Oliver. Still, it didn't totally meet my not-so-high expectations.The good points: The staff was really helpful and friendly. The breakfasts were complete and served to us in the dining room at a convenient time. We were given fresh towels everyday (although we really didn't need them). Great water pressure in the room (and there was a huge bathtub, which was great). The not-so-great points: There was mold on the bathroom ceiling. The furniture in the room (beds included) was pretty beat up. The room was really small. The radio in the room was beyond repair. Although I don't think I'd stay there again as my first choice, I would stay there again in a pinch.	
Mar 30 2008	Horrible!!!	We had to stay at this hotel because of work commitments(7weeks). Our first room was an absolute hole. The nets hadn't been washed for years and were thick with dust. The room was a shoe box and the bathroom and bedding were stinking. After complaints from ourselves and our company we were moved to a slightly better room, which was cleaner. The breakfast is sub standard (boiled eggs and yoghurts which were on offer at local supermarkets). They also have an ant problem seen visibly by the trail on the tea and coffee table. On most occasions the room was not cleaned adequately and I helped the maid to clean it myself. My advice, give it a miss there are much better and cheaper rooms available in the kensington area!!	
Aug 10 2007	Satisfactory	Despite negative reviews of this hotel, we were very satisfied with our experience. My Mother, my sister and I stayed in a room together. The facilities were adequate, we had the use of the dining room all day. The staff were friendly, and overall, we were quite happy with this centrally located hotel. I would definitely stay there again as it was great value.	
May 26 2007 	What A Dissapointment	We booked this hotel to be close to the Stamford Bridge for a match. it was very disappointing, the room was smelly and the covers on the bed were fusty. we had our teenage son with us and his bed was positioned across the bathroom door which had no handle on the outside . every time we need the bathroom we had to move the bed. The breakfast staff all spoke broken english and on the first morning we went down for breakfast and not knowing what was happening we went to the boiler in the corner to pour a coffee and out from behind the hatch this girl bellowed SIT DOWN NOW. we felt about 2ft high. the breakfast was cherry yougart, apples, coffee and toast and if you asked nicely some cereal was provided. this hotel was not cheap . We had to go through the fire escape to get to the lifts and this area was dirty and stinking of smoke were obviously people were using as a smoking area. we will never be back beware	
May 25 2007 	Reasonable rates	We booked this hotel at short notice. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. Unfortunately some of them do not understand English very well.The room was small but adequate. We only slept there.Breakfast was included in the price and was adequate.	
May 9 2007	Keep Away From Here!!!!	Me and my friends stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. we thought the hotel looked good online so booked into it. When we got there we had to wait for about half an hour before someone checked us in. the 3 of us had a room each and the 3 rooms were discusting inside!!! The smell of dampness hit you as soon as you walked in. the carpet was dirty!! beds were uncomfortable!! The windows had birds (-) on them too. We didn't even eat any food in the hotel. The staff are not friendly at all. id advise anyone who wants a good time in london, and to be welcomed by nice staff then don't stay here as it will spil your holiday. I wouldn't even let my dog sleep in this hotel.	
Feb 4 2007 	What's with the grey eggs?	My boyfriend and I were looking to stay in a centrally located Hotel in London for my 24th birthday. On contacting the Oliver, the receptionist sounded &quot;a mess&quot;, not entirely sure of whether she could book us into a double room. following various phone calls, she finally manged to organise herself and get us in. 60 quid, not so bad considering the location for a double room. In hindsight, it may have been a large, or should that be enlarged single..Our room was on the first floor, bonus, but on opening the door I was greeted with what can only be described as a nuclear heat wave. Ah well, I thought, maybe I'll open the window...NO CHANCE! Window was the size of a small child and utterly smattered in pigeons poo. I arrived late at night so didn't quite understand the reason for this until the next day. Opening the barely locked window, I discovered it looked out onto the side of the building. In this alleyway there was not one, not two, but three pigeon's nests and spikes to prevent said pigeons. As well as mounds, and I mean mounds of more pigeons mess. Utterly vile and completely unhygenic. I'm quite surprised one of the little blighters didn't come in for a nose around.Breakfast, we were told was served from 7.30 to 9.30. As our night's sleep was interrupted by various sirens, traffic and the unberably hot room preventing us from getting any rest, we slightly overslept and got to breakfast at 9.20. Reasonable I thought, oh no.We were ignored until 9.35, at which time I had to attract the waitresses attention with a polite &quot;excuse me, can we order some breakfast?&quot; She glared at the clock, about to completely refuse my offer when I again politely informed her that we had been sitting there for 15 mins. She disappeared and slammed down our new cutlery and plates and informed us of the varied and high quality choice of breakfast which was egg or cereal. The manner of this particular waitress was utterly inexcusable, she treated us as if we'd just slaughtered a small puppy. Not 5 mins later, an elderly couple appeared, confused as to what time breakfast was, and at one point it seemed that she was about to refuse them food. Luckily they were fed the same high quality rubbish that we had.And all on my 24th birthday. Utterly disgraceful. Give this place a wide berth in future. Unless, of course you fancy taking home a few pigeony friends with you.	
Nov 3 2006 	Rude receptionists. unclean bedrooms - beware of room 18....	this is really an hotel on a budget. the people are not friendly. the breakfast is hard swalled. Is nonetheless conveniently located but the way they treat you does not make you whish to return.never again no.	
Oct 30 2006	One can stay for 2-3 nights. Not a bad hotel...	When I had read the posts here before staying at this hotel, I had said &quot;oh my god&quot;.But still, I paid a visit and saw the place by myself and decided to stay in a single room after seeing the place.Negatives: The rooms are small (this is not new in London), the curtains are dirty. There is no shampoo or shower gel in the bath room. Overall the room looks a little old.Positives: Bed, cushion, towels are clean, there is a TV and hair dryer in the room, and also a heater, all in good working condition. The hotel is in a very central location. There is en-suite toilet&amp;shower in the room. Breakfast is OK (4 slices of toast, butter, cream cheese, jam, tea or coffee, an apple, a boiled egg or corn flakes). The staff at reception was very helpful and friendly. There is 24 hour reception.There is a TV room and breakfast room, where you can have tea, coffee or water anytimeThis is not a luxurious hotel, but one can definitely stay for 2-3 nights and is value for money. Overall, I was happy with my choice.	
Oct 28 2006 	Terrible.Never Stay!!	We stayed in Aug 2006 holiday weekend. Rooms very small , beds old and extremely bad condition,carpet dirty. Breakfast staff extremely rude (Breakfast Boiled egg or cornflakes.) One not BOTH for 4 days in day row. Beware try anywhere else	
Sep 19 2006 	matchbox hotel	This is the worst place I had stayed in London, the room we stayed was like a matchbox hotel. There are 2 of us, and we could not moved around at all. I had to move the furniture a bit to give us a breathing place. I asked if there are other bigger room, and they had informed us that was the big room. Every time you move in the shower the shower curtain stick you body, and when u move around you accidentally moved the knob from hot to cold. Also for some reason, the room generate heat! Also everytime you leave the room, the door slam on you becuase of the built in spring!  The area is Earl Court, and it is not close to anything, and not a place that I would chosed again! Best aea to stay will probably the liverpool or the soho area. it is close to everything!	
Jun 27 2006	bad experience	Stayed there for 3 nights after they messed up our booking and we were put in the basement very old, smelly and the beds were hard, the rooms tiny and dirty had my children and was not happy would not recomend it to anyone but did love London and can't wait to go back	
Jun 6 2006	Not a bad budget hotel	We stayed at the Oliver for 3 nights at the end of May, and while the room and connecting bathroom were very small, the room was clean and quiet. The room was warm, even though it was rainy and cool outside. We were unable to take advantage of the included breakfast, as the dining area always appeared to be full, with no where to sit. Luckily, there is a 'Baker's Oven' directly across from the underground station, so we were able to pick up something to eat as we began our days adventures.	
Mar 25 2006	Barely adequate	Reasonably smart frontage but idiosyncratic check-in staff, more concerned with controlling their image and being officious than providing genuinely welcoming customer service. Room barely adequate - even allowing for relatively cheap rate obtained through web search. Bed not bad though base material torn. Curtains too short for window, letting bright light through over bed. En-suite toilet superficially clean in appearance but dirty/urine smell in area.Breakfast - hard boiled sulphorous egg with toast and butter no margarine available. Waited at empty check out desk (staff away) and then left keys on desk after a few mins - all of this watched by owner from a distance sat talking to friend(s), did not offer so much as a thank you. Won't go back, ever.	
May 17 2005 	horrible and fleas!	Came down to London with young people who I work with and some workers. The staff friendly and nice and from the outside really nice to look at. However, when we got in, you could smell the damp and it was really old fashioned and grim. Ordered three rooms - one single, two twins. The twins smelt of damp as soon as you opened the door. Ther was not a proper shower in the bathboom. The bathroom did look modernised but I felt nervous about having a wash in there and so did the others as did not look clean. The rooms were boiling even though the raditors weren't on so we had to leave the windows open which caused alot of noise from the traffic which went on all the night. The beds were hard and it had an awful rough blanket on which didn't look or smell clean so that was off putting.Came back from a show wanting a cup of tea went into the coffee/breakfast room and the cups were dirty, the kitchen was unclean, the kettle was dirty and the tea and coffee were left in maragine tubs which did not look attractive or like I wanted to drink from it. So I didn't have a cup of tea which I was really disappointed aboutManaged to sleep relatively okay despite the TV next door being contanstly on and the noise of the traffic. Was really looking forward to my breakfast as it boosted of a contential breakfast. Which in my mind is croissates, smoked ham, yogurt, selection of breakfast cereals. No, we got an apple (no choice) slammed on the table, rubbish and vile orange juice, was offered cereral which was really cheap and was left unopened over night as I saw it in the kitchen the night before. The tea and coffee were in old fashioned and dirty teapots. I hated the breakfast and so did the young people. You had no choice. We also was offered an egg. I think in total the breakfast per person was £1 worth of the money you paid it was really poor!Overall, I was really disappointed because for the young people it was there first time that they went to London and stayed in a hotel. These young people are homeless and there hostel and standard of living is better than that living in a YMCA than the hotel.Also myself and my work collegue had flea bites when we got up so we have to get some ointment. It was from the hotel because we did not have them before we entered there!!!! I am itching as I am writing thisIf you are looking for something cheap and nasty and this is the place. The staff were nice but terrible hotel	
May 3 2005	Hotel Oliver not bad	This hotel is basic, but its location and reasonable price are both pluses.	
Feb 19 2005	Deceiving at best	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in Nov. 2003. I saw their ads on expedia and also checked for reviews and other postings. Nothing looked too bad, and I wasn't expecting much for the price. It was my daughter, age 14 and myself and we were visiting another daughter who was studying abroad in London and the location was perfect. From the outside it looks pretty good. I had a really hard time at check-in because no one spoke English well, but finally did confirm that we had a room and that I had paid in advance. Our room was out back in what looked like a garage that had been converted into rooms. We had to walk outside to get to our room (through the garden). It was so tiny and very dirty and smelled really moldy. Unfortunately I had paid in advance for the week, and I knew that arguing with the non-English speaking staff was liable to get me no satisfaction, so we decided to make the best of it. On the plus side, our room was extremely warm and being November and rainy in London, that was a welcome at the end of long day. Our water pressure was excellent, we never ran out of hot water, and we take really long showers. The breakfast was the same everyday, boiled egg, cornflakes, toast and coffee. We grew to like it, and that combined with tons of walking that we did everyday helped me to lose about 5 pounds on that trip. One wierd note, I had requested a taxi to take us to the airport on our last day. We had come in on the tube, but we were tired, and I had a few pounds left over so decided to treat ourselves to a comfortable ride out to the airport. Well it was like no taxi I had ever seen before, I think it was a relative of someone who worked at the hotel, maybe their private car. It was nice, and really clean, but obviously not a licensed taxi by any means. I was a little apprehensive about getting in the car with my kid and just hoping that the guy was not some serial killer or something, but he just took us to the airport. Never spoke a single word the whole was, and the radio was playing some Egyptian type music. My suggestion for the Hotel Oliver is don't stay there if the hotel experience is something you are looking forward to, but if you just want to crash, then it isn't too bad. Our rooms were very quiet and warm. And we just overlooked the dingy and dirty. We pretended we were camping, and made it into an adventure.	
Dec 21 2004	Urghh! or ... How to ruin a stay in London in 8 dirty nights	I booked the Oliver on the basis that I wanted a basic, cheap hotel as a basis to explore London for the first time in 20 years. Having stayed in the area in the early 80's, I thought this would be a good familiar stamping ground to start from.I was overwhelmed on arrival by the dirty, drab decor, in a hotel which boasted that it had been &quot;modernized&quot; - some time in the late '60's by my estimate.The first floor was a television room which stank of stale smoke. The room - on the fourth floor, best (and most quickly) accessed up the noisy, dirty stairs was filthy, and dominated by both the smell and noise of the Gloucester Road below. The adjacent &quot;facilities&quot; were dirt stained, and filthy. The lavatory seemed not to have been cleaned before my arrival, the bath not for some months and the shower-curtain never. The bed was lumpy, and the bedlinnen inadequate. The clock didn't work (and was covered with something I hesitate to guess at) and the television tuned to two channels at most.The &quot;breakfast&quot; was abysmal, combining the worst of british food (toast, hard-boiled eggs, and instant coffee) with excruciatingly slow service. This was all the more surprising given that none of the staff appeared to be British born.My only regret is that I didn't immediately book out of this establishment, which lives on in my memory as combining the service standards of Basil Fawlty with the ambience of a municipal rubbish dump.	
Dec 4 2004	Great location and adequate service...great price too!	We stayed at the Hotel Oliver for three nights in late November 2004. The location at Earls Court is great. Easy access to the tube, right on the line direct from Heathrow too! The hotel was clean, the staff was courteous and helpful. The room was what we would expect in England, small, but adequate. The bed was a little bit hard and uncomfortable, but we weren't in Englnd to sleep anyway. The best improvement I could have asked for is a more comfortable bed, but considering all else, location, price, and staff I really can't complain. The included breakfast included either cereal or a hard boiled egg, tea or coffee, and toast with jam and an apple. We will consider the Hotel Oliver again when we return to London.	
Nov 28 2004	Never again	If you want to stay at a really terrible hotel go to the Oliver. Every time coming back to the hotel room was a nighmare. Everything is dirty, damp and absolutely depressing. You will save maybe a view Euros but loose all hapiness being on a holiday trip. Therefore my recommendation - stay as far as possible away from this hotel!	
Nov 25 2004	Dirty dirty dirty	I booked this hotel based on the good reviews here and also on the location. Huuuuge mistake!The location was nice, but there is a Comfort Inn nearby that was about the same price and I doubt that it is worse than Oliver.The bathroom was falling into pieces, dirty, horrible. The room was damp, probably because the bathroom doesn't have a window. The carpet smelled. I found several hairs on the bathroom and even on the bed! From our room we could hear every little squeaky sound from the whole hotel: ppl walking upstairs, the guy watching soccer on TV late at night, doors opening and closing. It was so depressing that we avoided going to the hotel till very late at night. I will definetely spend a bit more of money and get a better hotel next time, or if I am really on a super tight budget, stay at the Hostelling International City of London Hostel, that has even better location, no private bathroom, but is spotless clean. They even have 1, 2 and 3 ppl rooms!The breakfast was a hard boiled egg, 2 toasts, butter, jelly. Orange juice, tea and coffe. Even the breakfast was better at the hostel.	
Oct 28 2004	Damp rooms	We stayed the Oliver Hotel as it was nice and close to Earls court. Unfortunately the rooms were extremely damp the bathroom was disgusting and none of the electric sockets worked, not that it would have been safe to use considering the dampness. Even though the closeness to Earls Court was great and the Hotel was nice and easy to find. I would most definately NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!!!	
Mar 27 2004	A decent budget hotel.	This hotel is just like the ones that Americans are warned about in the travel books. It is not what you are accustomed to by American standards. The rooms are small and none-too-modern. It's just generally an old-fashioned place. That being said. I would certainly go back there again. It's cheap (we paid about $110 per double room in March 2004) and has a great central location. The breakfast consists of boiled eggs, corn flakes and toast, but is well presented. I've gotten less at more expensive London hotels.You hotel is not posh and you will not wish to hang around your room, but you'll be out seeing the sites. The staff is competent and helpful and the clientel was fine, mostly younger folks and Europeans. I stayed three nights and was never disturbed by unruly behavior. One hint, you will likely arrive via Earl's Court tube station, which is the closest station. The route from the station to the hotel is a little dreary. Keep in mind that the area just north of the hotel is much nicer and you can walk to Kennsington High Street in less than 10 minutes.In closing, the initial impression of the Hotel Oliver can be a little disconcerting to Americans used to American style motels. But the place is fine if all you are looking for is a place to rest after a long day of site seeing and theater. Save your money on the hotel bill and spend it elsewhere.	
Dec 25 2003	depressing	The Hotel Oliver has a great-looking breakfast room and a helpful desk clerk who let me leave my backpack there for most of a day after I checked out. Alas, that's all which is good about it. My room had no promised hairdryer, there were grubby marks on the walls, the radio was missing one dial and the bathroom had ancient fittings. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; in the grand room was awful - the coffee in metal pots was only a distant relation of the real beverage, there was very little edible and I ended up buying breakfast for my two days' there. Okay, it's a cheap enough hotel, but this one is depressing.	
Dec 22 2003	Great price and location	I was lucky enough to find Hotel Oliver at the londontown web site. I was looking for a budget hotel, and Hotel Oliver was the only real choice I had for the length of time I stayed. I stayed for 5 days. Each room had a private washroom facility with shower. The rooms were clean, the staff were helpful. I had 2 burnt out bulbs the first day I go there, I let the front desk know, went out for dinner to find them replaced. Breakfast was served every morning and included in the price. The hotel is located in Earl's Court, close to the tube, restaurants and attractions. If you're looking for a budget hotel, this is the place. A++++	
Nov 13 2009 	Economico accogliente comodo		
Aug 31 2009 	Camera grande		
Mar 24 2009 	1°Volta.Comodo.Pulito.Accogliente nel suo piccolo!Consiglio		
Nov 21 2008	Bastante bueno os lo recomiendo		
Oct 7 2007 	tutto il necessario		
