Nov 2 2009 	Big improvement since our last visit	We stayed in Athena Hotel in 2007, and thought it is very nice hotel worth to come back to however this time I was amazed on huge improvement this hotel has made. From the very beginning and through all our stay we received friendly and helpful service at reception. Rooms have been recently refreshed with new wall paper, headboards, bed lamps and some furniture. We were very pleased, room looks fresh and clean. Don’t look at the photos put on this site, those are out of date. Breakfast is good but when the hotel is full restaurant is very busy just before 9am. It could be very good idea to have breakfast half an hour earlier when other people are still in the rooms.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Value for the Money	Prior to arriving in London, my wife and I booked online a hotel (around the corner) and had a terrible experiece. We knew we would be returning to London the next week so we stopped in at the Athena to inquire about a room for the return. The staff was pleasant and showed us a room. We could see the building, though old, was maintained with a level of pride (clean rooms and everything worked). For a more thorough review, read Mr Sadiq Lakhani's, January 1, 2009 write-up. I feel this is an accurate portrayal of what we found. I would like to &quot;ditto&quot; his comments. Thank you Athena for helping my wife and I regroup on accomodations during our stay in London. Don Kudrna, California	
Jul 5 2009 	HORRIBLE PLACE	We arrived at 5.30 paid the full amount for the 2 rooms we booked, went upstairs see our rooms and god they are bad, our room was meant tobe a 3 bedded Non smoking room, we arrived and a ash tray and a cigerette buts were all outside, the room smelt damp, but as so hot we went and had a bath, there were no towels when we got out, so my husband went and asked for some, to be told the laundry had not arrived today, (saturday) meaning no towels and the beds were not changed, the other rooom, which was a double had a single bed in it, and one small towel, the bed was also stained. we complained and wanted to leave with full refund, But No they charged us £100.00 for taking a bath, and we are still waiting for the?£160.00 extra we paid. Never again, the place should be shut down discusting.	
Jan 11 2009 	..Most Amazing Experience!!! highly recommeded ...	RECOMMENDED!! I booked this hotel from the internet for a one night stay prior to arrival online by Credit card.Reading your reviews had me scared, the website of the hotel showed all facilities i wanted. But your reviews were so bad...So I just booked online by credit card for only one night. In case it turned out to be like you said I would run away the next day. I arrived last night, however I called the booking agent and took the hotel direct number and called the hotel in the morning to please give me good room as I have heard scary review about it. I tell you its not true at all, I assume probably it could be other nearby hotel people killing competition... who knows, it just takes a few lines to kill business. But really dont go &quot;too much&quot; on reviews, call personally and take name of the person at the desk so you can later tell them how your room was.  Ok... review....Its an amazing hotel , excellent location, great service, has lift to the rooms, not drag bags to 4th floors and losr 5 lbs. Internet wireless for £ 7 a day 24 hours if you have laptop. Does not feel like a BB at all, but like a proper hotel, if you wait and book just one or two days before you come you have a chance to get amazing rates.... There is good coffee tea making in the room. The decor, fixtures, lights, plugs, and the design of room is just right... There is attention to detail, and the heating is superb , its -6 degrees nowadays here.... brrrr..... Jan 09. The TV is nice, new wall mounted, and washroom were clean and impeccable, and I must say its an amazing room, in the price , Jan 2009 price £ 40 from the internet.Sussex Gardens location is great too , close to Hyde park and close to Edgware Road too with budget restaurants and internet cafes open till late at night. Buses and tube real close.In London Sussex gardens is a great area to stay in, so close to Marble Arch, and Oxford Street for you crazy shoppers, just a few minutes pop down on any bus going down Edgware road. I love London and I love this hotel and by the way no one is paying me to write this. I am also , like most of you an avid traveler and a budding travel writer, I travel mostly in SE Asia, Thailand and around. London after many years now. So give it a shot, if you coming to London, call them from before, not the agents, take the number of the hotel from the agent and call personally and ask for a good room. And you are made.Try for one night if in doubt, and if you don't like it there are so many BBs all lined up on Sussex gardens, more than 50 I assume, so you can move.the next day too. Happy traveling.... thank you Athena!!! Sadiq Lakhani A Banker , Adventure traveler, IT professional. Wannabe Travel Writer.... sadiq.lakhani@yahoo.com	
Jun 6 2008 	They let themselves down	We arrived at 2.30pm to find our room was not ready. They had 'lost' the housekeeping keys and wanted us to depart without our room keys, leaving our possesions behind. We got back around 10.30pm to find we couldn't get to our room the way we'd been shown as there was a wedding going on. We were told to go outside and enter through another door which we did not know about. The plumber then showed us right around the building to a completely separate entrance we had not been informed of. Thankfully when we got back to the hotel there was still someone around or we would never have known how to get in. The shower did not work properly. Breakfast was late and was only toast and tea. I had advised of my daughter having a gluten intolerance but there was no acknowledgement of this made. The road noise kept me awake most of the night too. The room was adequate and cheap - we could have enjoyed our stay had the staff been more organised. I really feel that the previous reviews of people going the extra mile and being willing to help gave me a high expectation of customer service that was just not there. I was really disappointed with the experience.	
Dec 20 2007 	Just avoid it	Decadent,unpleasant,filthy,with personnel accurately uninterested in customers. The room we got, number 3 at the ground floor, was so tiny we could barely move.The wallpaper was peeling off the wall,the heater stincked,the carpet full of dirt.Noisy for something that seemed to us the underground passage of trains or something similar. We had no shower soap, so I asked the receptionist for some.He answered me they don't provide any.Can you beleive it?? He astonished me more when he candidly advice me to step outside for buying it, in a newsagent 400 yards away. They sponsor themselves as a three star rating hotel ,but they deserve not even one star.The breakfast is served in the basement At my first breakfast scramble eggs were served cold ,the second time it was ok.And advice to whoever is planning to travel to London:If you find that all places in London show the &quot;no vacancy&quot;placard except for the Athena hotel, the obvious reason is that hotel has spoiled many travellers' hope.	
Dec 7 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever	I am a regular traveller to London , I have to say , this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The rooms smelt fusty and were dirty. There were dirty stains up the wallpaper and on the outer bedding. Sash Windows did not fully close , heating did not work. Very noisy and cold all night.We complained to staff about the rooms, we were shown an alternate room which was just as bad. They offered to move us accross the road - after a phone call this was not possible. When we checked out in the morning the night porter was asleep, we had to wake him to aks for a receipt. No receipts available - provided postage address - still waiting ..Full of tradesmen - not suitable for families or anyone else. I would not recomend this hotel to anyone-	
Nov 14 2007 	Clean but decor looking tired	Made unexpected arrival at reception, we were only staying for one night and wanted to drop our overnight bags, whilst we went out for lunch then on to the theatre. The receptionist made us very welcome and checked on availability, the room was ready so we checked in immediately.We paid £99 for the room which we thought reasonable for London. Yes the decor was a little tired, there was no chair to sit on had we wanted to or bath and washbasin plugs so SHOWER or SHOWER was the order of the day.The staff were very pleasant and a tasty English breakfast made and served to order.	
Sep 27 2007	NEVER AGAIN! Horrible!	We stayed only for one night and paid 150 pound! The room was in the basement - not very clean. The lady at the reception terrible. I had the feeling that she felt disturbed in reading her book. The breakfast was horrible. We then changed the hotel and got a much better one for 71 pound.THIS &quot;Athena Hotel&quot; is not a hotel! It is more or less a dosshouse (but a very expensive one)l Through your money out of the window and you have much jmore than staying at this place.NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!	
Jul 20 2007 	Nice clean hotel perfect location	We stayed at the Athena hotel for 5 nights in a family room at a very reasonable rate. We were more than happy with this nice, clean hotel. The breakfast was very good (English breakfast) and was included in the price of the room. The staff were very kind and helpful. This hotel is located in Sussex Gardens, a pleasant avenue lined with London plane trees (Platanus acerifolia) not far from Hyde Park, close to Edgware Road and Paddington tube stations so from here you can easily go anywhere in London. Restaurants, convenience stores and internet facilities are also within easy reach, just round the corner towards Paddington station (Praed Street, London Street). I would definitely come back!	
Jun 17 2007	Would never go back	We booked this hotel in January of this year to bring 40 people with over half being aged between 12 and 13. We visited the hotel a week before our stay and the owner was very helpful showing us every room that we would be using. We were very happy when we left with the booking. On arrival the young man at the desk was unsure as to why some of our pupils and staff had been put in the hotel opposite, which was not acceptable for safety reasons. The hotel opposite was of a very poor standard. We then spent nearly two hours trying to find suitable beds for our party. Some of the other guests were having a party in their room which the man on the desk attended. The party kept everyone awake until about 3a.m. This hotel is a great location for the station but the rooms smelt of smoke, breakfast was very slow and we had to ask for things as they ran out. I would not recommend this hotel for the simple reason that I wouldn't trust that what you have booked, is what you are going to get.	
May 6 2007 	Nice hotel good location	We stayed at the Athena hotel for 4 nights. The staff were very pleasant and helpful, any requests we had were dealt with speedily . The breakfast each morning was very good (english breakfast) and was included in the price of the room. The hotel itself is located close to Edgeware Road and Paddington tube stations so its easy to get to and from there from anywhere in London. The hotel is also around the corner from a rather fine Indian restaurant, the Ryath, if you fancy a lovely meal. My only gripe about the hotel would be the decor (needs a makeover) but if all you need is somewhere to put your head down at night, and a good breakfast then you cant go wrong here.Louise, Dublin, Ireland.	
Feb 17 2007	what do you expect	We stayed at the Athena for 3 nights, I booked the hotel over the web and after booking it read a couple of reviews ( I know wrong way round)and started to panic at what people had written and was dreading arriving there. For what we paid I didn't expect the Ritz, but the room was clean and tidy,plenty of hot water,staff were friendly and helpful you get what you pay for. I remember reading a reviews about the Marriott Marquis (5 star) in New York were we stayed last year and that was all negative, the hotel was fantastic in every way so you can not always go by reviews wriiten you have to try these hotels yourself.	
Sep 12 2006 	Will not stay there again!	We had actually booked the Gower Hotel opposite, but on arrival we were sent to the Athena Hotel by the unfriendly receptionist, without explanation.She assured us the Athena was actually three stars instead of the Gower's two. Having seen the inside of the Gower, we were only too happy to go! So to the Athena we went, where we were greeted by another monosyllabic receptionist and given the key to Room 15. I know we were only paying £55 but we expected the room to be clean and it wasn’t. I have attached some photos which really don’t do it justice, it was much worse than it looks!The carpet was absolutely filthy, and had dark grey 15&quot; wide border of dirt around the skirting board, which blended nicely with the paint blobs and unidentifiable stains the rest of it was patterned with.... The wallpaper was peeling off the walls and the net curtains looked as thought they had never been washed, and were the same dark grey as the carpet! The bed was pushed right up against the window so we had to tie the nets in a knot to stop them falling over us in the night. The bedding was actually surprisingly clean considering the rest of the room, it was just a shame the sheets had holes in them! The bathroom however, was fairly clean although the toilet had brown stains in it. We would have complained but the surly receptionist had disappeared when we went back downstairs, and to be honest from the state of the place I'm not sure they would have had anything better anyway. When we went down for breakfast in the morning we were studiously ignored by both the serving staff for about 5 minutes until we managed to corner one of them and ask where we were supposed to sit. The breakfast was ok, no complaints for the money but they didn’t come back to see if we wanted tea or coffee. So a hugely disappointing experience and we were always prepared for a very basic room because of the cost but not the dirt or staff attitude. There was no 3 star rating signage anywhere on view in the Athena nor did the Gower across the road display their supposed two star rating.We have friends who run a a three star hotel and they would have their rating taken away if they had the nerve to give customers a room like this!	
Jul 24 2006	zero stars	Whe just back in holland from a four day stay in that terrible hotel, bath whas broken, cold water, holes in wooden floor , no ventilation at all sticking hot!! bad service in the absurt dining room at the basement level, no stars whe say!!	
Apr 11 2006	No hot water	We booked 6 nights, no hotwater from the first day we arrived after 30 hours on the plane. We were promised it would be fixed, that day.we gave them until the 3rd day,we received no compensation for our stay, fortunately we moved across the road to a wonderful place called the Darlington.Don't even consider staying at the Athena Hotel.	
Mar 17 2006	Utter Rubbish	If i could give this hotel zero stars i would. Stayed here with my partner in february and place is a dump. Wallpaper falling off the walls, smokey room, awful shower, dirty bed clothes stains on the floor. Staff dull and uninterested, reception smelt like a takeaway. Do not stay here, save your money for something better, like a cardboard box.	
Nov 25 2005	Never again	We stayed in this hotel december 2003. We booked a room with a safe, but we did not have any safe in our room, or even at the reception.On our first morning during breakfast all our photo equipment was stolen from our room.The hotel staff didnot want to provide us with the telephone number of the local police or help us out in any other way. The only thing they did was accuse us (falsely) of not having properly locked our room.When we returned to this room some hours later the door was not locked by the hotel personnel and all the lights were turned on. A 2nd try for our pasports and money?This hotel never ever again.After a lot of complaining they offered us a hotel at the other side of the street. We declined after seeing the rooms (closets) and discovering the cockroaches.So be warned.	
Jun 3 2005	Third time not the charm	I've stayed at the Athena twice before (2001 &amp; 2003). I came to expect a friendly, helpful staff and clean, well kept rooms. This last trip (Jan 2005) told a different tale. An un-friendly staff with little knowledge of how to help a tourist make their way through basic tour reservations. Torn wallpaper in public areas, torn drapery in the room, and a general tired, worn-out feeling has taken the place of warm &amp; friendly. It is sad to see a once charming gem tarnish and become undesirable.	
Mar 20 2005	Gone down hill	My wife and I have had some nice stays at this hotel shortly after the refurnishment in 1999, room 4 was especially nice, with a wonderful big bathroom. However.... on our last two vists in 2003 and 2004 we experianced rude uninterested staff, and rooms that deperately required basic maintainace. Really a shame to see this place go down hill. We now prefer the Holiday Express at North Acton....Clean and professional.	
Dec 5 2004	Disappointing	This hotel was very disappointing and its surprising considering the local competition. We were originally offered room 51 which is in the basement and is so small that you can barely walk around the bed to get to the shower room. We were offered an alternative but this was below the reception and we could here the receptionist walking above us. The second night we were in room 42 and although on the front of the building we has a better night. The rooms are tatty although clean and there is a lack of attention to works needing doing such as lightbulbs and heating. Breakfast was okay but other hotels do better.	
Nov 9 2004	not friendly	We are just back from London. Nov 2004. And we stayed in the Athena hotel. Our room was clean enough to stay there. The carpets were dusty,the wallpaper was peeling from the walls, basically the rooms were just given a quick 5 minute clean per day. we stayed there for five nights the bedding was never changed during that time and the towels only once.Upon arrival we were greated by a friendly english speaking guy. But the rest of the time the owner and the rest of the staff were very unfriendly and not at all welcoming. Unless you are there nationality (greek i think).The breakfast is not worth having it consisted of a rasher of bacon ,a suasage and an egg all of which was cold.There are lots of hotels on the same street to choOse from and if i was you i would choose another making sure it is not from the same owner as this one as they own three hotels here	
Jul 18 2004	Smaller is Friendlier	I've stayed twice at the Athena - just over a year apart - and they remembered us, and specifics about us - it was like visiting old friends. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. The breakfast staff was extremely accomodating to our American needs &amp; desires. Overall a great place - to which we hope to return frequently.	
Feb 20 2004	Never again	The Athena turned out to be the worst hotel of the at least 35 different hotels in 4 different WestEuropean countries, and in all price ranges, in which I stayed in 2003.During the x-mas holiday, on the first morning of our stay, while we were having breakfast, our room was burgled, and all our camera equipment stolen. Not a nice experience but it can happen.This hotel didnot offer any sign of sympathie, didnot cooperate in any way (were even unwilling to call the local police), accused us of not having our door locked properly (which we showed that had) and when we returned in the evening it turned out that they themselves had even left the door of our hotelroom open and the lights turned on after having it cleaned during this same day.They did not take responsibility for this and while we were trying to get another room the night porter let in a lady who didnot have a room there but said she was allowed to stay in this hotel with her husband without paying for 12 years, and 5 minutes later he offered the key of a wrong room to another guest.We couldnot file a complaint, and were told all kind of tales. E.g. the night porter is not allowed to call the manager in the evening, the night porter not having the telephonenumber, nor the mobile phonenumber (but eventually still calling), etc. etc. They couldnot provide us with another room since none were available, but half an hour a lot of rooms were empty..In the end they offered us a choice of three rooms in another hotel (of the same owner), one of which (their so calles suite) was a smokey romm of which the room could be lifted from the outside and one could hop in and out, another one even showed a running cockroach, so not exactly what we had paid for.When refusing to stay here, and having found another hotel (with kind personnel and managers) they didnot want to check us out with the argument they did not have anything to do with us, only with our travel agency.And so fort, and so fort.Should you ever decide to stay at this hotel, make very sure never to leave anything in your rooms since the lockcan be flipped open from the outside very fast and simple. There is no safe in your room and no security system outside (allthough many hotels in the environment do possess such a system)	
