Sep 1 2009 	Mice in the bedroom!!!!	I had to spend the night in London. As it was a bussines travel I decided to stay at Gresham B&amp;B, it was the near the place I had to be the next day.The whole experience was horrible. The smell in the room was horrible, but it was very late so I decided to go for it, and that was a huge mistake. I was tired after all day travelling so I decided to rest on the bed for a while. After 5 mins I start hearing weird sounds coming from the wall, it was clearly a mouse.I went downstairs and one of the staff at the hotel came up to have a look. When he was checking under the carpet we found two holes. He said that he was going to fix it so after 2 mins he came back with wood to cover the hole. I didn´t like that. I asked for another room and he said that he didn´t have any other room available.After one hour there the mice were getting more and more lauder, I could hear them running from the toilet to the window. It was disgusting. So I took my suitcases and went downstairs asking for my money back cos I was leaving. That room didn´t have the minimum requirements to sleep there!!The concierge asked to wait for the manager. At this point he offered me another room!! and 1h ago he said that there were no rooms availables!!!! While I was waiting I could hear the concierge laughing while telling what was happening to other people. It was unrespectul!!When the manager arrived he asked me to double check the room along with him, I said NO, I don´t want to go there anymore, I had enough...He got very agressive and started to scream at me saying that there were not rats in his hotel. He got very agressive. When I asked for my money or at least part of it, he asked how many hours did I spend in the room...I said 3 hours and he said...well I am not refunding the money very unpolite and screaming. I told him that it was not fair as I paid for a B&amp;B and I didn´t use the Bed or either the breakfast. So I paid 50 pounds for that and I didn´t spend the night there.Ah yes, at some point he said that what I was hearing was the squirols in the garden...hahaha...how on earth is that a squirol if I could hear it running from the toilet to the window!!!After 10 minutes arguing he was very aggresive and I got scared so I just left. I do not recommend this B&amp;B. Horrible experience.	
Apr 12 2007 	Fawlty Towers has nothing on this hotel	This Hotel was dirty and rundown. Suspicious droppings on the floor in the bedroom, overall impression was 'this place needs a good clean and fumigating' . The place smelt old. No customer relations, just yes,no, room key, upstairs monosyllabic, montone. Even Basil and Manwell would have a fit.Breakfast was included in the price of the room, I would have rather starved, if the state of the rooms was anything to go by I dread to think what state the kitchen was in.The room price was extortionate, I wouldn't let my dog stay there.	
Feb 7 2007 	URRRRRRGH on another level!!!!!!!!!	Well where DO I start!!!!I booked the hotel direct over the phone; the service was very nice and helpful.I chose this hotel with the pictures from the internet, at £62 for one night, this seemed to be very inexpensive!!!!!!Saying that, there was no confirmation of the booking.After getting into London 2 hours late, we couldn't wait to get to the room for some sleep.At reaching the hotel the first impressions were good!Nice and clean looking appearance to the building and the surrounding area was beautiful!!All this changed though as we entered the hotel, the staff were very nice and the reception was clean and tidy, the only part of the hotel that was!!!!We got the room key and proceeded to get to the room, after 5 minutes of messing around with the elevator, we eventually got to the floor we wanted.I entered the room to see what I could only describe as FILTH!!!!!The carpet were worn through and covered in manky disgusting stains,the wall paper was hanging off in places, there was a leak in the roof, you could see the leak running down the wall!!!!!!The bed was completely unusable, I laid on it and the mattress was non existent, the bedding was holed and stained.You couldn't sleep on it even if you were drunk.I entered the bathroom to be met with the disgusting smell of sureage; something was far from right in this place,Within 2 minutes of entering the room, I was on the phone to another hotel wanting a room with them!!!!!To say I’ve stayed in rooms costing £40 and 10 times better, £62 is a complete rip off!!!!!!!!!!!We went straight for the reception, they were apologetic to say the least, there excuse was that the 4th floor was under refurbishment BUT we were on the 1st floor!!!!!!I didn't even entertain looking at another room, all I wanted was to get my money back and leave.To there credit, they didn't argue, they said sorry and gave me a full refund.We walked 30 secs down the road, looked at another hotel,the rooms were cheaper and far far better.Take it from me, no matter how cheap you want a room fordon't stay at the gresham hotel in sussex gardens	
Dec 13 2006 	Bed Bug Hell!! - Do Not Stay Here!	I booked the hotel for a business overnight stay in London. First mistake - thought that I had booked the Gresham Hotel in Hyde Park - which is a separate chain and where I had stayed before and enjoyed.Room I was allocated on the 4th floor was a small loft room. Carpets were dirty, bed cover had human hair present but worse was to come..On getting ready for bed, I pulled back the sheets and was absolutely horrified to find the bed was infested with mites. Unfortunately because it was too late to book out, I had to complain to management and seek an alternative room. It was at the complaint stage that I found out that Westminister Council had already treated the room previously for infestation!!! I was moved to another room but as you can imagine, the whole experience was not conducive to sleep. I had to settle for a discount when a total refund was refused. I gave breakfast a miss the next morning and got out of there as fast as possible.Do not stay at this hotel and be careful when booking online that you don't make the mistake that I did in thinking this hotel was part of the reputable Gresham group!	
Nov 11 2006 	Hotel??? I wouldnt stay here again if I was paid to.	We stayed at this hotel for one night and it was one of the most depressing experiences ever. We were looking for a budget hotel in central London for the night as we were visiting on business but I wish I had payed extra and stayed somewhere else. The hotel looks good from the outside but the minute you walk into the foyer you know you have been done. The reception area is poor and dingy, the staff very uninterested and shady. We were given the keys for the annexe which is a few doors down the street. However, we are later told the keys do not work and we had to keep walking up to reception when we locked ourselves out. Very strange. The room I booked was a 'deluxe family room en-suite' but it was as far from deluxe - it was appalling. The old fashioned wallpaper has yellowed over the years, the curtains were hanging off the rails and it smelled like mouldy bread. (Probably something spilt on the carpet) The 'en-suite' is a joke. It was a small cupboard in which they have crammed a toilet, a sink and a shower. We had to fill one of the holes up in the skirting board with a polystyrene cup and toilet roll as I was worried about a rat getting in. Although I doubt any rats would want to. The floor hadnt been cleaned in months (or longer)Breakfast - we skipped it. I lay awake all night listening to the comings and goings of people in and out the front door (it slammed). People arrived and left every 15 minutes - I began to wonder what on earth was going on. Between feeling as sick as a dog and scared at what I might find at breakfast, we jumped in a taxi and asked the driver to take us to the nearest coffee place. I have learned my lesson - I will religiously refer to trip advisor rviews prior to future travel. I cannot believe that places as bad as the Gresham 'Hotel' are allowed to exist in todays tourist industry.	
Oct 31 2006 	Awful Awful Awful	My 2 nights at this hotel were absolutely AWFUL! I had a single room which was no larger than a Royal Caribbean statesroom (70 sq. feet if I was lucky!) - the front desk staff was horrible and there were numerous guests disappointed in their accommodation. I was lucky that my toilet, shower and TV worked but wish I could say the same for the others staying there. There are numerous accommodations on Sussex Gardens DO NOT STAY at the Gresham! The only bonus is that you can pull wi-fi from the across the street hotel (the Darlington)... that is, if you can fit both yourself and your computer in the room. Try the Normandie hotel just a few doors north.	
Oct 22 2006	Not as good as the pictures on the website!	We booked a room after seeing that the hotel has been refurbished and the pictues looked quite impressive but, they didnt do the room any justice.The room is tiny with the curtains hanging off, (and opened every time you walked pass as it was so small), the bathroom was a shower room with mould and paint flaking off the ceiling above and a shower which only trickled out, the t.v. had a bad reception and only a couple of channels considering it said it had satelite t.v., the whole of the hotel is non-smoking which it does not state on any web site so we had to go outside in the rain and smoke, we tried the breakfast but only had the choice of brown bread or brown bread for the toast which took ages, the tea was more like hot water, it is in an urn and came out white, there are cereals too but we left once seeing the tea and went to Weatherspoons for a breakfast and a proper cup of tea.It might be in a good location and cheap but I would not recommend anyone staying here it you like a nice size room and a decent breakfast.	
Sep 29 2006 	Nothings changed then	Seems nothings changed from the reviews here which I wish I'd read before booking (through Laterooms). Light switch didn't work so initially saw the room in the dark. Found bedside light which showed how small room was but state of cleaing not apparent until morning. TV didn't work. Shower had (someone else's) hair plastered on it. Couldn't find ashtray so went and asked for one (and report other matters) and was told hotel was non-smoking - which was odd as they'd accepted booking for smoking room. Nothing to be done, its late. Re-reported issues in morning, returned that night and nothing had changed. Complained and of course no-one could recall me complaining earlier. Oh well, add it to the list of hotels we won't be returning to.	
Aug 30 2006 	Utterly disgusting	Maybe Im not the best person to be reviewing this hotel as I only lasted about 10 minutes in my room. It was small, dark and most of all very dirty. The bed and carpet were filthy with the shower a distinctly odd colour. Its a shame because it look really good from the outside and is convenient to Paddingtom station but it is not a good option to spend any time here	
Aug 17 2006	Probably the most digusting hotel any where!!!!!	Saw the reviews on this web site and started to worry. Got there, checked in, 10 minutes later checked out. The three of us (on business) got put on the second floor, in rooms the size of a shoe box, a sink in the corner, a communal showers and toilets in the hall. The shower rooms are filthy with more black mould than white tile on the walls. The rooms were booked through &quot;activehotels&quot;, who mucked up the booking. The hotel would not give a refund, so far neither will the booking agent. Check your room before you pay. Payment is up-front, not on check out.Threre are a couple of reviews of &quot;The Gresham&quot; here that do not match up to what I have written. There is a chain of Gresham Hotels. These reviews could possibly be for the wrong hotelBut be warned!!!	
Aug 8 2006 	Stay somewhere else in Bloomsbury - this hotel is manky!	We booked this hotel via activehotels(--) and really wish we'd checked TripAdvisor first. From the outside the hotel looks okay, but as soon as you step into the foyer, and your eyes take in the 1970s wood panelling and the built-in reception booth, you know it's going to be an experience. The chap on reception was very helpful and friendly, no complaints there, then he gave us the key - we were staying in the &quot;annexe&quot;. Once we had been let in through the security door, battled with the dodgy yale lock and narrowly avoided concussion from the massive keyfob, we could take in the splendour of our room: dirty carpets; curtains hanging off the rails; two windows - one of which had no catch or lock or anything, so anybody could just slide the window up and come on in. Not that they'd want to.We paid £75 for the night, which included breakfast and &quot;en suite&quot;. This was basically a cupboard with a loo, basin and shower cubicle, in a stunning shade of pale khaki, squeezed in. As it was so hot that weekend, I had four or five showers. Usually I would avoid a shower cubicle with a door that swings open every minute, a shower that doesn't actually stay in the holder on the wall and suspect looking black fungus-style patches in the corners. I wish I'd taken flip-flops as the whole room had the air of desperation, decay and dirt. As you can imagine, we avoided the breakfast and, judging from other reviews on here, that was a damn good descision!Oh, and we couldn't get one station on the television - surely London should get good tv reception?On a final note... I've been ill ever since I stayed there and have just found out that my symptons are similar to the NHS Direct description of Legionnaires' disease. That'll be from the shower, then. Luckily, boyfriend only had one shower. Wish I had...	
May 29 2006 	Makes me ashamed to be a Londoner	Avoid this hotel at all costs. Venere booked me in here as an alternative to the nearby Naylands Hotel (which is very good value) which they overbooked. The Gresham was only a few doors up the street but it was worlds away at every level. Staff were pleasant enough given the circumstances, but the hotel was run down, dirty carpets, and everything had that awful sticky feeling like nothing is ever cleaned properly. I refused to stay there after having a look at the rooms and the rather shady clientele.Venere rep said on the phone she had stayed there and it was wonderful - dont be taken in. This place is dire. I feel ashamed such places are operating to the tourist market.	
May 28 2006	Friendly and helpful	From Budget Traveller:This is a friendly budget hotel. It is very close to Paddington Station and there is good shopping nearby. It's within easy walking distance of Marble Arch. The staff are very helpful and speak good English. The rooms are adequate, but not luxurious, as advertised. The continental breakfast is excellent. I have stayed in three hotels in London recently and this is the one I would choose to return to.Bill Burns	
Mar 6 2006	what a waste of money!	We arrived early to find that the room was not ready. So we were given the options for leaving bags behind bar, which was open for all to steal, or leave it in the room. We of cause choose the room. Even we were told the room was untied it did not prepare us for what we saw. It looks like it has just been badly decorated, huge amount of dusk on all surfaces, everything was on the floor and you can see the watermark running down the wall. We later return to check-in properly and the new room were no better. We had a good time guessing what colour the carpet was because it looks so grey and the watermark in the bathroom and bedroom were so visible that you know if it rain in London it might also rain above your head. The lesson is learned. I am not going to stay in another quick cheap wheel round renovated hotel no matter how cheap, the youth hostel cost under £15 and is a lot nicer.	
Oct 5 2004 	Grim Gresham	Small hotel- seemd ok at first but after checking in the lift was out of order. The stair carpets were absolutely covered in dark stains on each floor- really bad looking - have these people heard of shampoo/soap/Vanish??? Created a really bad impression before reaching your room. Rooms were small and walls thin. A plastic vending machine cup provided in the bathroom rather than a glass. Very cramped bathroom. Some simple but small touches would improve - shame they dont seem to be bothered. Breakfast in the basement was continental self serve -tea and coffee in flasks and was lukewarm - not worth a visit! Oh yes - bar area - very small - didnt have tonic water!!!!!	
Jul 2 2004	Grotty Gresham!!!!	I should have smelled a rat! At £40 for a &quot;basic&quot; single room I should have known what to expect in central London.I wouldn't have walked on the carpet in my room without my shoes on. The shower in the corridor nearest my room had what was like strobe lighting and there was no curtain. The cooked breakfast consisted of a choice of either beans or warmed tinned plum tomatoes, and cereal was Corn Flakes..or nothing! Quite a disgusting experience all in!	
Jun 9 2004	Awful	I had the misfortune to stay in this terrible excuse for a hotel in June 2004. Everything was dirty or broken, the management unhelpful, and the ensuite facilities (for which I paid extra) amounted to a plastic cubicle in the corner of the room, complete with broken shower. The cost? £55 per night.Just one month earlier I had paid the equivalent of £50 per night to stay in a four-star hotel in the centre of Madrid, with a double bed (in a single room), a spacious modern bathroom, a health spa, free minibar, and the best breakfast buffet I have ever seen.With this in mind, London hotels are nothing short of a disgrace. One star for the Gresham is one more than it deserves. Stay away.	
Jan 9 2004	Worst hotel ever!	This hotel is, by far, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. First, we stayed on a floor which had three shared bathrooms for the floor. This would have been fine however one bathroom had no lock, the other bathroom had a light that did not work, and the third bathroom did not have a shower curtain and had so much mildew it was disgusting. Second, we found a blood stain on our bedsheet. Third, we found a cigarette butt under our bed, and we do not smoke. Finally, the staff is completely unhelpful and unpleasant. I really hurt my finger in a door there and when we went down to ask for ice they were extremely rude and sent us down the street. Before you book this hotel - note the cancellation policy - it is so strict it is ridiculous - that is clue #1 that this place is terrible because they know when you see the place you will try to leave as soon as possible!	
Aug 23 2003	wonderful	the gresham hotel was a wonderful place to stay. everyone there was so helpful, polite and friendly. the room was clean, cool and food excellent. i would recommend it to everyone going to london...thanks for making my trip so pleasant and will be going again soon.	
