Sep 14 2009 	Pretty good for a reasonable price	I rate the hotel as above average because comparing it to those around the same price bracket (not expensive for London), I feel it performed well.The receptionist was very friendly when I phoned to confirm our booking a few days before, very friendly when we arrived, and again on check-out. This may be expected, but is certainly not always the case.Our room was clean and just what we needed. An extremely comfortable (reasonably firm) double bed. We were staying for one night after a gig at Wembley Stadium (for which this hotel is perfectly placed, just one tube stop and a couple of minutes walk away). The bathroom was clean and new-looking, the shower was hot and powerful. The bathroom was small, and the door didn't quite lock, but it didn't stop it serving our purpose.The breakfast was very good, and even the cooked items were put out buffet-style, which was very efficient as it meant no waiting around. I watched the dining room staff and they didn't miss a beat in clearing tables quickly, and topping up all breakfast items, juices, crockery and glassware. And in bringing tea and coffee They were polite - possibly not friendly as such - but it all ran very smoothly, and we didn't require any more than that and well cooked breakfast, which it was. The buffet set-up meant less waste, too, I think, as I didn't take more than I could eat, but it meant those with large appetites could keep going if they wanted to. There was also a good choice of cereals and - if I remember rightly - continental style items, too. And a choice of juices.Frognal is a busy area, so we felt safe walking back from the tube at night, but the hotel is just off a side street, so was very quiet. And there was a Pizza Express on the way to the tube, so ideal for eating something on the way to Wembley if not wishing to face their queues or prices!The room was fine, not huge, but how big do you need a bedroom to be?? And the light switches were crazy, so it was hard to find the right light. It was like a trick! But that's a minor downside for one night. May have driven me mad if we were there for longer!Would stay there for the same kind of trip again.	
Aug 12 2009 	what can i say average but disepointing staff	First thing first, i have to say that i do work in the hotel biz. myself and do know what to look for in an hotel according to prize. Though the hotel was old and had a tad of some fix up's the staff could have done a better job pushing the hotel forward for what it was worth..The bathroom seemed to be a new fix, and the same for the decor on the poorly painted walls, but it all seem to be a rather quick and cheap job. The bathroom it self was tiny, and the door hardly shut, but was very well planed since you could get in the bath tub when you shut the bathroom door... The room it self contianed no mini bar, and was extremly hot eventhough we had all the windows open at all times. The bed was not soft, but not to hard either, but was very small, ca 120 cm was a standard doble bed. Not all the electricity worked proparly, and the cell phone would never charge proparly. The lights had a two-way system. One system that controlled the total of power and another one beside the bed, made to overrule the other one.. didn't work at all as it should, just made random flashes in the lights here and there. we stayed for 4 nights, and we went down to the complimentary breakfast once, and never after... say no moreThe staff was uninteressted, and poor in english and brough their friends to sitt at the bar there at night time just to keep them occupied.. At least they did know how to type out the bill...But all in all if you get a good (low) price for the room and you just need to keep your things in a safe place while you look around in london its good. It's nearby finchly road tube and that takes you the most central places..	
Oct 31 2008	Ugly but functional	This hotel has all the charm of a service station toilet cubicle.The rooms are noisy due the the single glazed and hard to close windows. The lift is frankly scary and emits a bizarre sound waking up people in proximate rooms (me).The breakfast is average except for the sausages and hash browns which are unspeakable. Oh, the toast is good.	
Aug 25 2008 	Average price - average hotel.	ROOMS: Very small and basic. Refurbishment need! Some old furniture and beds (comfortable), large LCD TV. Cleannig is on high level!!! Towels and bedding changed every day. Bathroom also small but it has been rebiuld lately so looks nice nad tidy.FOOD: Very good braakfast. Enaglish + continental. Every day the same but rally many things to choose from. Waiteress very nice. Restaurant in the basement and without aircon - very hot there!SERVICE: Cleanning very good. Receptionists unfriendly and unhelpful.HOTEL: Location near Underground: Finchley Road station (5 min. walk). Hotel is nothing special, rather old and should be freshen up. This is for sure budget class hotel, should not be ***, rather **. Small car park available. There are cinema, shops and some bars in area.	
Jul 25 2008 	Quality?	We spent 5 nights at this hotel and found it to be below average &amp; although only GBP100 per night per room, was not good value for money.The rooms are small and noisy. Average decoration for 3*. Mismatched blankets, matrasses very soft but rooms were clean. Bathroom tiny. No aircon = hot stuffy room.One lift that is ancient and door bangs closed.Breakfast in very hot basement dining room was average.Location was great for our needs but a bit out of the way for travellers who want to be more centrally situated.The lady receptionist was most helpful and deserves a star. The rest was plain average. The front of the hotel in online photos is not a true reflection of the hotel, it is old and needs restoration.	
Feb 18 2008 	Passable hotel if you need to stay in Finchley	Stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend as we needed to stay in Finchley. Overall it is an acceptable hotel if you need to stay in the Finchley area but I would not stay here again unless I had to. The main plus point was that the breakfast was very good. We went for breakfast around 8.30 and there was plenty of choice and the cooked food was being put out so was hot and freshly cooked.The negatives were that the hotel seems a little run down and in need of renovation. The room, while a decent size, was a little tatty looking with bare walls. However the bed was conformable and the bathroom looked to have been re-decorated recently.There is only one very old elevator serving the hotel and it takes a long time to arrive and to travel between floors. We were staying on the second floor and took the stairs after the first time as they were quicker.In all not an unpleasant stay but unless you need to stay in Finchley you could do better. It is not really the place to stay if you want to be in the centre of London.	
Dec 15 2007 	Disappointing and serious safety concerns	I booked this hotel for a long weekend for me and my girlfriend. I didn't expect much as the nightly room rate compared favorably to some other hotels in the area, although it was still expensive enough. What drew me to the hotel was the free car parking and fairly central location. Unfortunately the hotel was well below my already low expectations: the car park consisted of 5-6 car slots which were already full by the time I arrived which wasn't very late (2pm). The decor inside the reception was outdated. But there was worse to come: the elevator seemed to be from the pre-1940s, and the room was stuffy, messy and the door had scratch marks all over. The bathroom was distgusting - even the air filter was so dusty that I wouldn't be surprised if you can catch a chest disease from it. The &quot;free&quot; breakfast was just what I expected, i.e. &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;: Some dry bread, cheap spread, and even some &quot;hot food&quot; if you count mushrooms and tomatoes taken straight from the tin a breakfast. The bacon was so pink that it looked artificial, and the sausages swam in such a thick fat layer that only a lunatic would eat them. I would also like to warm potential guests of risks to safety. The window in our room was below knee lenghth so that anyone (even a child) could have easily fallen three stories down. To top it off, hotel staff had put an extra children's bed right next to the window which struck me as negligent. And the dining room which is located in the basement (probably a boiler room in the past) has no windows and no fire escapes, so I don't even dare to think what would happen in case of an emergency. All in all, I cannot recommend this hotel. On the contrary, it was my worst hotel stay yet. The hotel &quot;facilities&quot; are a disgrace to London, and the safety aspects are serious.	
Dec 11 2007	great for my resbite night out	my daughter and i stayed here recently and was delighted with the service,the staff were friendly and worked hard to ensure people enjoyed their stay. breakfast room not enormous but there was a good choice, i.e yoghurt , fruit, cereals,crossaints,toast on request with varieties of jam ,marmalade,honey on the table . also the good english breakfast. check out times although stated 11 am there was no rushing people out. our twin room was on the 4th floor with a lift for access room itself with ensuite was immaculate and of adequate space. no double glazing in this hotel but not on main road and rooms are warm. we would quite happily use again	
Aug 25 2007 	excellent stay	Very comfortable executive room, huge bed, quality hot breakfast served in pretty dining area. Accomodated 2 adults and then 2 children in seperate room without any of the usual &quot;british&quot; no can do... Room clean and actually smelt of polish. Good linen. Only downside, daily huge bundles of towels in view in hallway by linen room and only 2 mediocre ones in the bathroom - 1 each. Would have prefered more towels! Only 5 mins walk from jubilee line tube and 3 mins from mainline. In center of london ( Green park or Bond Street ) within 20 mins. Would stay again.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great value for money	We stayed here overnight after the Concert for Diana on 1st July, we could'nt have chosen a better place. Hotel room was excellent I believe it has been recently refurbished as carpets and bathroom were brand new, fab shower! Very comfortable bed but the room was a tad too warm for my liking so slept with the window open. Breakfast was plentiful, something there for everyone.I also have to say that this hotel is an excellent location for access to Wembley, 1 stop on the Metropolitan Line and your there! We will definately stay there again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Ideal Base	Stayed at hotel over Easter. The price was for a triple room including full English Breakfast and free car parking. The rooms are currently being refurbished (well the floor we stayed on was)....new carpets and looked like the bathroom suite was renewed. No distrurbance to our break as this was done during the day when we were taking in the sights of London. The room was tight with 3 beds in (one was of the fold down type) but we only used the room to sleep in. The breakfast was fresh and hot with plenty of toast and tea. The location is excellent...5 mins to Finchley Road Tube Station with a day ticket to central London £5.10 per adult. Between the Tube Station and the Hotel is the O2 Centre which has a variety of eating places..Weatherspoon pub grub, Chinese Buffet style Restaurant, Mexican, Italian, Japanese and Indian all situated in a new very clean centre.If you want an excellent reasonable priced 3* hotel within an easy tube ride to central London don't go passed the Quality Inn Hampstead.....We will stay there again	
Jan 19 2007 	Excellent	Spent last night here while visiting London to see 'Dirty Dancing'It is an ideal location as out of the London Congestion charge area (and so if driving you will not incur a charge) The hotel also has a FREE carpark, and is only 2-3 minutes walk from the nearest underground station. It took us only about 15 minutes (by tube) to get to the West End from the time we left the hotel and that was at peak travel time. The rooms are fine (a bed is a bed !) they were clean and had everthing you needed. The added bonus was the hot as well as cold buffet breakfast (had assumed we would pay more for English cooked breakfast but all was included) Staff were courteous and obliging,nothing was too much trouble. The hotel is only five minutes by car (a little longer by foot) from Hampstead Village and Hampstead Heath (with the glorious Kenwood House, featured in 'Four Weddings'...) All in all an ideal location for visiting the city and the outskirts. We would recommend it and definately stay there again.	
Sep 9 2006 	Great location	The hotel wasslightly down-at-heel but you get what you pay for and this hotel was terrific value. Only 10 minutes from the West End and we were able to park our car. We also enjoyed a great walk up to Hampstead Village plus a day out on Hampstead Heath. No transport costs or problems to see a lovely part of London. The breakfast was included in the price and was perfectly adequate; the room was clean and comfortable but noisy since it was on the Finchely Road corner, but we got used to this. The main thing for us was being able to park our car free, whilst staying within 10 minutes of the centre of London. We have already booked to stay again.	
Jun 2 2006	A good bargain	For the amount we paid, this motel was a pretty good deal. My wife and I recently spent 4 nights here. To summarize:Pros:-Location is in very nice Hampstead Heath neighborhood.-Jubilee tube line, large grocery store, modern cinema, and launderette all within easy 5 min walk.-Room was clean, with properly functioning fixtures in bathroom. (Shower was hot with good pressure) -Predominantly foreign staff was friendly and accommodating. Language barriers were not an issue.-Free continental breakfast was impressively good (as far as free continental breakfasts go) For 2 pounds extra you have the option to go with the full English breakfast.-Lobby contains an updated bar with a plasma TV and decent Internet access.-Late check-ins are allowed (But call to make sure)Cons:-If you are a light sleeper, ask for a room that does not face the street. The traffic noise from Finchley road is excessive and relentless.-Room windows pivot to be opened, revealing years of accumulated filth on the outside of the widow. Also there are permanently attached (and dirty) curtains, which cannot be opened. This means you must open the window to see out.-Radiator emitted heat even when off...this forced us to sleep with the windows open, thus letting in the noise, cigarette smoke, and at times, a garbage smell from somewhere. This would be a tough place to stay during the summertime.-Lobby and bar permanently reek of cigarette smoke.-Elevator is antiquated and slooooooow.-Beds are small, but comfortable. If you wish to sleep together, be prepared to push two small beds together (really not a big deal, though)In hindsight, this is a good hotel to stay at for one or two nights. As I have seen and heard, there are many more hotels in London that are much, much worse than this one. In the end, the great location and good breakfast ultimately outweighed the negative aspects. I would consider staying here again for a shorter period, and with a few minor adjustments.	
Apr 28 2006	You get what you pay more...and maybe a bit more (but not much)	My wife and I stayed there for four nights. There was nothing terribe about the place (other than the fact that our room overlooked the garbage pick-up), but nothing wonderful about it either. If you are looking for a large TV or an in-room safe, keep looking. However, unlike some other hotels (the Park International Hotel, for example), they do not charge you to leave luggage before you check-in or after you check-out on the day of departureThe two best things going for this completely average hotel is that it is quiet and very convemoemt (only a 2-3 minute walk from the Finchley Road stop on the Jubilee &amp; Metropolitan Lines, and then only 10 minutes to Green Park).The fact that it is not right in central Lonodn makes it far more afforable and worthy of consideration.	
Mar 24 2006	Good enough for a few days	Stayed here for 5 nights and found it perfectly adequate. Clean, normal bathroom with ok shower, beds fairly comfortable. Location was great for a 5-10 minute tube ride (Jubilee Line) to everywhere. For the rate I paid on the hotels website, including a decent breakfast, I would recommend this hotel, unless you are looking for luxury. There was nothing to really find fault with it was fine but not amazing.For the price (assuming you get a good rate) i can't imagine any thing of better value in London, which is why I have given this rating.	
Feb 14 2006	Cheap decent free breakfast and parking	I booked this through expedia. On the initial page it said breakfast included, but once I had booked, that information was not on any of the confirmation info. I contacted expedia and was told breakfast was not included; I contacted the main number for Quality Hotels and was told that breakfast was included, and to have the hotel contact them if there were issues. Breakfast was covered, no issues there. Be careful though, there are two buffets, and it wasn't clear to us on the first day that one was not included and cost 3 pounds extra. Hotel staff is mostly foreign, but we never had any problems with people not speaking english well. However, we were attempting to drive there, and the poor girl at the front desk could not give directions to save her life. It took us an hour to find the place. But location is great for the subway (finchley road is in zone two, so you can buy the cheaper zone 1-2 day pass), and there are several nice japanese restaurants close by. Parking was fine as well. Car park was full when we arrived, so they had us park under one of the overhangs at the entrance--nice since it was well lit.Elevator is quite old, but worked fine while we were there. Rooms are old but clean. I would stay again.	
Feb 14 2006	Below average	Breakfast was free when i booked online and was GREAT, but the room was quite shabby. i ordered a double bed (for 2 people) and what i got was not a double bed, or a queen sized bed, or a king sized bed, but rather two twin sized beds pushed together! there was a hard gap in the middle so i ended sleeping in the middle of 1 twin and my husband on the other. the comforter/duvet was disgusting - blood stains, dirty, horrible. consquently i slept with only a sheet on all night.the water pressure in the shower was good.the lobby smelled very strongly of smoke, and so did everything around it.the internet company which i purchased a voucher from was terrible - ordered 4 hours and only got 30 minutes!parking was the only reason why i booked here - will look for another hotel next time.	
Jan 8 2006 	Lovely Hotel	Having stayed in several london hotels on business, I found this one to be very comfortable and the staff very friendly. It is slightly old fashioned but exceptionally clean and homely.I was very annoyed that the Skelton people were so desperate to find something to complain about that they said the car park was scruffy. Come on!! Do you not have better things to do with your time? I work in a hotel myself and you would not believe the number of people who book on the internet and don't pay for breakfast. Everyone please check this before you go!! and hotel staff are only doing their job by asking you to pay. Theses people obiously didn't have confirmation of this.The hotel is in a very quiet residential area, however next to many excellent amenities, namely the large eating/entertainment complex only 10mins walk away.In short, a haven of peace in the centre of London. Good value for money and well maintained.	
Apr 5 2005	Traveller Beware	Chose hotel as it offered free breakfast and free parking in this part of London but disappointed with scruffy appearance of car park. Inside of hotel was not much better with a generally shabby appearance even though web sites stated that the hotel had recently been refurbished. Staff attitude was poor and generally unhelpful and grasp of English was not as good as it should have been. Room was at rear of hotel and was quiet but on the small size. Bathroom was a good size but fixtures were dated and toilet seat was hanging off toilet. Toilet paper holder was on opposite wall from toilet and was out of reach if you were on toilet, not a good idea. Plenty of clean towels and bedding was clean and fresh but first impressions count and I was not impressed by the hotel and was looking for somewhere else to stay less than 3 hours after checking in. Stayed for one night and checked out following morning. When I went for breakfast next morning I was informed that I had to pay for 3 breakfasts. After protesting that the breakfasts were part of the booking as stated on the website when I booked the rather rude and arrogant member of staff checked with reception but insisted that I had to pay £17.85 extra for breakfasts as it was not on booking confirmation.  On my return home I complained to customer services who said that free breakfast was not on offer when I booked, if so why did I expect free breakfast after it was clearly stated on the web site. In conclusion shabby hotel, shabby service and shabby customer services, and I shall not visit this hotel again and would not recommend to any fellow traveller	
Mar 23 2005	Pleasant stay good value	I stayed here for a week in March 2005. I chose this hotel because of the good price and the fact that it was outside the central London tourist areas. The rooms are small and simply furnished, but comfortable. The nearest tube stop is just a couple of minutes walk away. Overall, I was pleased with my choice. Finchley Road is quite noisy at night, so do keep that in mind if you book rooms here.	
Nov 25 2004	OK Accomodation with some niggles	Checked in here for a one night stay in november - heres mythoughts: front desk were helpfulbuffet breakfast had good variety of the standard cereals / yoghurt / juice, good service from the staff.Room was fine: bathroom was clean, the shower was adequate, although seemed slightly lacking in oomphBed was amazingly hard, and somewhat lumpyTraffic noise from the A41 was somewhat intrusive: my advice would be to ask for a room at the back of the hotel, facing the car park, as the rooms are all only single glazed.Location is very convenient for Tube, Shops, other amenities.	
Oct 1 2004	Good Value	We had a room for three people at this hotel from the 9th to the 12th September 2004. The room was small but the beds were comfortable. Close to the underground and plenty of eating places around. Good value when you consider the prices and quality of accomodation in inner London. Clean, good bathroom.....we would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 11 2004	Good value	My family of four stayed at this hotel for a week in late August 2004. We had 2 rooms, one with a queen bed and one with 2 single beds. We booked the hotel on line for a vey good price (for London). The hotel is your basic hotel. There are no frills, but it has eveything a tourist needs. (Especially if you are out all day). The hotel rooms do not have air conditioning, inroom safes or satellite TV as advertised on the hotel's web site. Our room was worse for wear with peeling wallpaper in places and mould in corners, but the other room was fine. Linen ws changed every other day and the towels every day. There were only 2 towels per room, so if you need more, beware. We did not have any food in the hotel, so we can't comment on that. Service at the front desk was basic, and we had to pay to store our luggage for half a day.The underground is nearby, so transportation was easy. There is a shopping mall neasby as well the O2 center), with restaurants and a supermarket which was very convenient.If being at the center of it all is not your thing, and if you are going to use your hotel room to bathe and sleep in, then -for the price- this hotel fits the bill.	
Jun 3 2004	Disaabled beware! Who Cared? No one at THIS hotel!	I booked this hotel - a so-called 'executive' upgraded room for more space- as suitable for a wheelchair user. My experience here was a nightmare for myself and my family...From the outset, it was less than auspicious. I was absolutley apalled when we arrived at the hotel - the carpark was a depositing ground for stained matresses and wrecked bedroom furniture, some of which had been there so long there were weeds happily growing from them! Not a great first impression...We struggled to get my wheelchair from the car park up to the reception entrance - no ramp - not a good sign either. In reception, we were shown to a malfunctioning lift, warned the doorways were not wide enough for a wheelchair (?!) and left to cope alone when the lift failed on the way back down. ('Oh it does that a lot' was the dimissive response).The room was so small there wan't even enough room to turn the wheelchair and the bathroom doorway simply wouldn't allow a wheelchair to pass through it - had it done so, this room which I had specifically booked as 'being spacious and having disabled facilities', would have been useless to me. For a start, the bath sides were so high, my husband (who is 6'2&quot; tall) commented it would have been some stride up to try to get in and out of the bath/overbath shower, even for him.Worse was to come. The attitude of staff at reception was a disgrace. When we pointed out that the room was completely useless, to be blunt, no one cared. This wasn't their problem, the booking had been made through an agency. So why had my own emails to the hotel, to confirm suitablity of the room, been replied to thanking me for my booking and so on, and why hadn't anyone bothered to tell me the hotel was NOT able to accommodate a wheelchair user? Again, the reply was that it wasn't up to the hotel to read every email once a booking had been made. What?!? Still, desperate to try to resolve this, I asked were there other larger rooms, and was informed there were no rooms at all and anyway, the rooms were all the same size. Really? So why had I been given an upgrade (at £30 per person per night more!) to an 'executive' disabled friendly family room, and why, oh why, was it so obvious that NONE of the rooms could accommodate a wheelchair? A shrug, and the person I was speaking to began to walk away. It was obvious she didn't give a damn that my family and I were now stranded with no accommodation, despite having travelled over 450 miles from Scotland that day, to stay there.I asked to speak to the management before she left me stranded there, and was told there was no one there to help. At this point, I was actually laughed at by the ignorant and dismissive woman, who said this was 'nothing to do with the hotel at all' - I should complain to the holiday booking agency (LondonBy.com). Use of a telephone to attempt to arrange suitable relocation was refused, and we were left with the option of going it alone to try to get somewhere else that night, or trying to struggle in what had turned out to be a totally overpriced, unsuitable room, with staff who didn't give a damn, and who actually walked away when we pleaded for help.We left, and managed to eventually find a Travelodge, miles away from the hospital we needed to visit the next day in Hampstead, with over 450 miles of exhausting travel extended by another three hours of stress and searching for somewhere else to stay.Minus 10 out of 10 for this place. A completely disgusting attitude from staff, at a hotel absolutely unsuitable for anyone not able to brave dodgy lifts and stairs and who is 100% physically sound. Oh, and if you can't cope with rude and dismissive staff, who laugh at someone who is disabled when you have a major problem to sort out, save yourself some grief and DON'T COME HERE!Quality Hotel?! Surely someone could take THAT completely misleading name up with the help of the Trades Descriptions Act and win their case. Out of interest, you may like to know that my written complaints to management at this hotel remain ignored after two months.I'm leaving this review as true representation of my experience, not as a 'rant'. I'm using this forum as a means to warn other prospective disabled visitors (who might book in good faith and then be as unlucky as my family and I were, on arrival). I wouldn't wish our experience on anyone, let alone someone who is in a wheelchair, and in chronic pain. The experience was a complete nightmare from start to finish. P.S. Incidentally, I have the highest praise and recommendation for the Travelodge at Kew Bridge (which, although well out of our way, was where we were eventually able to find a room). They were most helpful and the room was superb. If you need polite staff, spacious rooms, and somewhere with disabled, family, and pet-friendly attitudes, you could do a lot worse than relocate as we did. 	
Apr 15 2004	Good Value!	Nice, residential hotel. Quaint little lift. Nice front desk staff and convenient to the metro and all of the convenience stores you would expect at home. Got really good rates for the whole family through hotels.com. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 24 2004	This is our favourite	We have nothing but great things to say about Stephen Carter and his staff at the Quality Inn. We have stayed twice - one in 2001 and once in 2002 for 2 one week stays at the hotel and just loved the location and the surrounding neighborhood. It is just out far enough to be off the beaten path bjut close enough in to take the train/tube into the main part of London wit honly about a 10-15 minute ride. You live with the &quot;locals&quot; and we just enjoy the O-2 shopping complex with it's shops and conveniences. If interested, contact us for details. It's our &quot;home&quot; when we return to the UK	
Feb 20 2004	A good deal	My wife and I enjoyed our stay here. The location is a bit odd -- off a busy, unattactive road in north London. But the hotel itself is quiet even though the windows only have single glazing. The rooms are simple and basic but have all you need. It's only a short walk from the tube so London is very assessible. And you can walk (uphill) to Hampstead in 10-15 minutes where there are lots of shops and pubs. All-in-all, it's a three star experience for a one-star price. So I'm ranking it above-average for being such a great value for London. Book on-line at qualityhotellondon for rates as low as ?60 a night (without BK.)	
Oct 19 2002	Clean and pleasant	I spent a week at the hotel in September 2002. The rooms are bright and cheery. My room had a full bath with tub and excellent shower. The public areas are likewise pleasant. I did not get to sample the breakfast, as I tend to get up late, but the dining area was nice.A minor inconvenience is a noise made by the lift (elevator). The noise could be heard in my room, and was similar to the sound of wet feet rubbing in a bathtub. It did quiet down for the night. Also, if you are fond of heat in the room, be advised that it is 'seasonal', and may not be turned on during your stay. Check first.The hotel is convenient to the tube and bus. Restaurants, grocery store, and Post Office are within walking distance.	
