Nov 7 2009 	good value close to centre	The Novotel Waterloo is located just on the south side of Lambeth Bridge - an ideal location for the Tate, the Eye and shopping. The room was clean, modern and reasonably sized - especially for London. The rack rent is a bit steep but there seem to be lots of offers. Reception was efficient and welcoming. There is a nice bar, lounge and food. Its a good place to meet someone - there are some interesting cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance.Buses from outside go to Oxford Circus and the nearest tube is a five minute walk. Breakfast is the usual extra expense but there is a great cafe across the road.	
Nov 5 2009 	Weird bathroom little amenities though good location	The room was very small, with almost no amenity. The weirdest thing is that the tiny shower room is separated from the tiny toilet, which makes navigating in the tiny room between shower and toilet very inconvenient. The shower door could not be closed properly, hence the bathroom floor is always wet (really needed to put a towel on the floor to absorb the water so that the water didn't flood to the bedroom!). Location is not bad though, just a short walk across the bridge from Westminster.Also, the business center has no computer! All you can use are the two macs in the lobby! And there are always people using them!	
Nov 3 2009 	Thank you tesco vouchers	Stayed here with husband and 3 kids paid for solely by tesco club card vouchers. I rang Novotel and all the dates I wanted were unavailable so I said ok then when can I go on a sat 2 night break and micarculously a room became available. The room was a double bed with a pull out sofa bed for 2 kids 5,6 and a travel cot at the end of that for a 6 mth baby. The bathroom accessed by sliding door (no room for an opening door) was next to the main bed. The loo was separate by the room door. There was about a square inch of carpet visible after all the cots and beds were out but after staying in lots of Novotel the room was what I expected. I dont know if there is a larger family room available but it certaintly was offered to us. The breakfast was buffet style all you can eat with all the usual hot trad english cerials and cold meats etc The little bar was pleasant and they warmed up bottles etc I didnt eat in the restaurant. On the at night my son was violently sick in the middle of the night we had to ring the 24hr maid who came promptly and after an hilarious dash to get dressed in time she arrived having to climb over our bed to change all the sheets. I had tears in my eyes it was so funny her face when she saw how 5 people were shoehorned in this room !! None of the staff were english, and although very polite all very inpersonal. The location is great and a short walk to all the attractions of westminster where you can get a tube of waterbus. The car park had plenty of places and was reasonable for a city centre location.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Value - Professional	Staff extremely professional but bordered on unfriendly.Location was perfect for the sightseeing I wanted to do (tube station was a bit too far away)Rooms were clean enough. But for the price paid everything was more than adequate.Would stay there again.	
Oct 31 2009 	A good hotel a pity about check in experience!	Great for visiting South bank attractions and surrounding areas and if you are prepared to walk. All mod cons and pleasant surroundings. Not sure I liked the fact that the bathroom was so close to the bed or that the separate toilet did not have it's own wash basin. The room was very warm(despite it being late October) and not air conditioned. This meant that we slept with the window open and were woken by the bin men at 6am! Beds were comfortable although bedding a bit tired.Check in experience disappointing. We tried to check in at 2pm as stated and were told that the hotel was very busy and that our room would not be ready for at least an hour. We could register and the hotel would hold our bags but would not be able to access our room. Because we had planned our day around check in time, we wre not able to return to the hotel until 10.30pm and were not happy that we could not access our room until then. Luckily another member of the reception team had overheard our conversation and had our room made ready for us within 10 mins.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good Enough	The Novotel Waterloo is situated on the Lambeth Road and is about 15 minutes walk from Waterloo station. The nearest tube is Lambeth North on the Bakerloo Line which is about 10 - 15 minutes walk away. The hotel reception is very contemporary and we received a warm welcome. Try to reserve a non-smoking room when booking if that matters to you as we were automatically put in a smoking room. Although the hotel is perfectly comfortable there are small tweaks needing attention. The paint on the bathroom door had peeled quite badly and was pretty ugly. The shower fitting was broken and the shower curtain needed replacing. The toilet door also needed wiping. This hotel is generally ok but the lack of attention to detail let it down. It is nice though to hear the chimes of Big Ben from your room, which you can hear even round the back of the hotel.	
Oct 10 2009 	Reasonable hotel in a good location	You don't stay in a Novotel for its distinctive character, luxurious comfort and frills. You choose this hotel chain because it offers a clean, reasonably comfortable and spacious room at a reasonable price. My recent 2-night visit to the London Waterloo Novotel turned out to be exactly that.I was in a rear-facing first floor room which had an ugly view but was quiet and very adequate for my purpose, which was to sleep comfortably and peacefully after a long day in the City.All amenities were in good working order. The en-suite was actually divided into a bathroom and toilet with separate entrances. There was no wireless Internet access in my room and the &quot;high-speed&quot; ethernet access (cable provided) cost GBP 6/hour or GBP 15/day. There is time-limited free access to Internet in the front lobby, if you can prise the kids away. The room TV was a flatscreen mediastation but access to e.g. music of your choice seemed rather expensive at GBP 1/hour. There is a stereo jack plug available to attach your mp3 player.Tea and coffee is provided in the room, as is an iron and ironing board. Wardrobe hangers were in short supply (two provided). Breakfast was GBP 14.50 and the range and quality of food were reasonably good (both English/American and continental type breakfast options being available).The staff were relatively friendly and helpful. Check-in was no problem and hotel organisation and housekeeping seemed good. Strangely, on the morning that I was due to leave, a maid tried to enter my room on two occasions before I had checked out, which suggests that there was some lack of communication.The hotel is child-friendly and there is an enclosed play area in the lobby (not supervised). There is a bar/coffee bar which is open late (past 11 pm) and there is also a restaurant but I didn't use it. This hotel is very convenient for the Westminster/London Eye areas and I would recommend it for tourists (families) who don't need frills or romantic ambiance.	
Sep 28 2009 	Service second to none	We have just returned from a weekend break at this hotel, having taken our granddaughter for a treat to see the sights of London. From the moment we set foot in reception we were made to feel valued customers. I had requested a quiet room, which was noted upon check in, however I also said that maybe a room with a view would be nice, upon which the receptionist Marion Glas pointed out that the rooms with a view were situated on a busy road and therefore not likely to be quiet. She then took 2 room keys and offered us the choice of viewing both rooms and then making a decision! We decided on room 413 (the room without the view) which was so quiet you could hear a pin drop which suited us just fine! That evening I asked if we could have an additional couple of tea bags for our room supply and Marion had a whole host of supplies sent up. Upon asking for a late check out on Sunday I was asked what time I would like to leave and in a second it was tapped into the computer. She arranged dinner for us on Saturday evening and remembered our room number each time we spoke to her. Upon check out she dashed out into the street at our request for a taxi intending to hail one for us, as she said that when she phoned for one they often didn't respond for a while. All in all this young lady went out of her way to make sure that we enjoyed our stay and she succeeded. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel, it is clean, modern, well situated and above all has Marion Glas as an employee!	
Sep 27 2009 	After the renovation it willl be better i'm sure	It was our 4th time in London and the 2nd at a Novotel in this city, so we just needed a good hotel to rest between two flights and, of course, see more of London. The distance to a underground station can be a problem for some visitors, but it is located within a 15 min-walk to Westminster, via Lambeth bridge, quite safe at night and with an excellent view in this bridge. When we came from LHR via Piccadilly Line, we changed to Bakerloo Line and stop at North Lambeth Road (10 min-walk)The hotel is under renovation, the lobby floor is ultra-modern and pleasant. Our room was on the 4th floor and the furniture was a little old-dated, despite the big size of the room, with a sofa and a more-or-less comfortable bed. The bathroom was small and good, as well as the loo-room. The only negative aspect was that our sheet had a small hole, under the pillow, and I think this is not very pleasant in a 4-star hotel...The only provided us towels for one guest, but when we complained they gave us extra towels and were very gentle.The breakfast was excellent, good variety and good quality of food, and the staff was quite attentive and friendly. The looby has 2 huge i-Macs with a 20-minute free access to Internet and to the printers (and we could make our on-line check-in).When all the refurbishment is done I believe that it will have much more comfort and be even more pleasant to stay in this hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Could be better	The hotel is modern and relatively new (with the recent renovation) and has two computers in the lobby with printer and free Internet (without Mircosoft Offce, though). However, its business facilities are very limited (except a few meeting rooms for use). The shower booth has leakage problem and the toilet has no washing basin since it is separate from the bathroom. The breakfast and the service is ok, though not too efficient, with shortage of staff. The location is near the river, cloase to the IMO and government buildings, but a bit far from train and subway (15 minutes walk). For such expensive price, it could have been better.	
Aug 12 2009 	Find somewhere better	We stayed two nights at the Novotel Waterloo with our grandson. As other reviewers have mentioned this hotel is not close to any tube station.We had booked a family room with a sofa bed but when we unfolded it there were no pillows. We also had to ask for another set of towels. Service was prompt but grudging. Be warned there are extensive renovations at this hotel and we were unaware of that until check-in. We were told work was being carried out on the floor above us and would cease at 5pm each day. When we arrived on Floor 1 there was no carpet as it was just being replaced. Air conditioning is obviously something that was ommitted from the plans when this modern hotel was built, goodness knows why. The room was stifling and although we were provided with a fan it was too noisy to have running all night.In addition the toilet ran constantly and we had to empty the cistern in order to shut it up. Breakfast was usual fare and quite good but it would have been nice to have a smile from the guy showing us to our table and to understand what he said as he mumbled continuously.We have previously had deals for Hiltons which far exceed the Novotel standards. We are pretty tolerant of most minor faults, but these were irritating enough to spoil our week-end, especially the heat. At £99 a night you could do better.	
Aug 5 2009 	Very nice	Check in was really quick and the overall look was visually pleasing.Our room was a very confortable size and was very clean. Breakfast was lovely, but the bar was alittle expensive (glass of wine £7) The location is ok, if you don't mind walking or using the tube all the time. I personal had a very lovely stay, with no problems with the hotel....	
Aug 3 2009 	Good Value great Location	This hotel is really close to westminster and if you know London it will serve you great. The hotel was really nice and the breakfast was particulary good at a weekend. We stayed for a few nights, Used the local Lambeth North Tube station( few Shops and restaurants near here also) It was good value for money for London and I would stay here again as the staff were helpful and the room was always well cleaned.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent find	This hotel is simply excellent. Rooms are spacious, super clean and have all amenities. Bathroom particularly great with plenty of space, ultramodern large basin and rainfall and normal shower heads. Sensational view from room to Big Ben, Houses of Parliament and London Eye. 2 minute walk to River. Good breakfast buffet and meals in restaurant. Has secure car parking also on site. However, best thing was the brilliant price. Highly recommend and will be staying again when next in London in a few months.	
Jul 30 2009 	Not good at all for our corporate people	I stayed 2 nights and slept a total of 8 hours.First night loud noises from council housing behind the hotel-is the view from my window.Loud drilling and banging started IN the hotel at 6 am-I complained to reception and it just got louder.next night trucks with full beep were reversing from 1-4 right outside the hotel and kept me up all that time evn with windows fully closed and earplugs in!The bathtub did not drain either-I hate standing in other people's hair.Also the area is dangerous at night.We have this on our corporate list and I have reported to our people that it isn't a hotel to keep on the list.Try Park Plaza -much much better.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good crash pad for post-club party and wind-down	I stayed here for one night after I had been out at a nearby gay nightclub all night. It was convenient to the club, which was what mattered most at the time. It met all my needs, in that respect. However, the rooms were small.	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent hotel - best value so far in London	This Hotel is very near to the City - about 20 minutes along the Thames, which makes it an interesting walk. The rooms are spacious and the service exceptional. I would definitely recommend it for both people on business or leisure. I am returning soon to stay longer for leisure.	
Jul 25 2009 	Clean...but thats about it	Stayed for a week. Lack of closet space (8 hangars in a 12 inch space) and no drawers forced us to live out of our suitcases the entire time. Shower only provided scalding hot water upon our arrival. Called for maintenance but they never came. Had to go down to lobby to finally get some action. The air conditioning is abysmal. Had to keep window open before we went to bed to try to cool things off. No window screens so bugs had free entry. And it was too noisy outside to sleep with window open. Room card keys both stopped working at various times... but according to desk, &quot;that was our fault for carrying them next to a credit card.&quot; At check in, asked if I wanted daily paper which I assumed meant deliverd to room, but apparently it meant &quot;they're in the lobby if you get there early enough.&quot; New age music in restaurant was quite loud/annoying but the banoffee pie is outstanding!	
Jul 14 2009 	My current favourite London hotel!	I have stayed at this hotel for both Business and Leisure purposes. I liked this hotel so much when I visited with work, that I decided to stay there again on a trip to London with a friend.Cleanliness - I cannot fault the cleanliness at all!Location - The hotel is in a lovely location, just slightly set back from the Thames. However in terms on public transport links, it is at least 10-15 minutes walk from Waterloo. This didn't prove a problem when I stayed for leisure reasons, but if in London on Business the rush hour can prove a little tricky from this area. The South Bank area is a short stroll along the Thames, and there you will find attractions, shops and restaurants.Rooms - Very nice indeed! On my first stay work kindly booked me a Superior Room, but on my second stay I opted for the Standard double room which was equally nice - spacious, with all the things and fittings needed for a short stay.Service - I couldn't fault the staff, check in and check out was without hassle and the friendly bar man even kept the bar open just for me and my colleagues until after 1am. Breakfast has plenty on offer and vegetarian alternatives.Value: This hotel is definitely at the top end of my price range, but for the extra money paid in comparison to other hotels, the service and facilities definitely make up for it.I will definitely use this hotel for any leisure breaks in the future.	
Jul 2 2009 	Well-run hotel in central but quiet location	Hotels in London are never cheap, but we've often been able to get this hotel at a discount and it has always been good value. Staff are generally polite and efficient. The hotel is well designed, without the long walks from reception that seem to be involved in many. Rooms are well-equipped (standard for this chain) and reasonably spacious. Rooms at the front of the hotel often have great views of Lambeth Palace and the Houses of Parliament, but may be more expensive. The location just south of Lambeth Bridge is great for people who (like us) get around on foot: a fit person can walk from here to the Houses of Parliament in fifteen minutes Trafalgar Square in half an hour or so. It may not be so good for anyone with a disability, as the nearest tube station is about ten minutes walk away.Breakfasts are fairly basic and on the pricy side.	
Jun 28 2009 	Hotel room Ok but location not convenient to tourist places	We stayed there for 4 nights. There were 3 of us - My 6 year old son and I and a friend. The location is not good, it was quite difficult to get there with public transport and a kid. On hindsight should have taken a cab. There was only one bus near the hotel which goes to the tourist places and we had to take it to Trafalgar Square or Parliament and change to bus or tube from there. The bus is not very frequent. There are no amenities near the hotel, we ate before going back in the evenings. Check in was not efficient. We reached there around 12 noon and was told the room was not ready because we were 3 persons and a room was reserved for us. We were fine with that. My friend filled up the forms with passport no, did the credit card swipe etc. We then left our luggage there and went off to Leceister Sq to have lunch and then to a musem. When we got back in the evening, the reception gave us the forms to fill up all over again and asked to do the credit card swipe again ! They couldn't find it ! I was so tired I didn't even raise my voice just told them no we already did it and we want our room now and collapsed on the reception sofa with my kid as we had walked all the way back from Imperial War Museum at Lambeth Road (same road but quite far). The reception head/supervisor came out to take over and basically told the guy just to check us in and tried to give a soft toy to my son to cheer him up. It was quite nice of her.Our room had a double bed and a sofa bed (queen), nice bathroom, separate wc, all very comfortable but cramped when the sofa bed was out. There was coffee/ tea making facilities in the room which was useful. I had to call the reception a few times, couldn't pull out the bed, towels only for 2 persons when they knew we had 3 and even told us about the supplement and a stain on the furniture ( I think coffee) which they cleaned up. On the plus side they have 2 free internet stations at the lobby with printer. I saw one family printing out their boarding passes so it was very useful.All in all I would say the rooms are OK, the staff tried their best, but I would stay somewhere more convenient next time.	
Jun 21 2009 	expensive for what you get!	We stayed here in May for my brothers wedding, we took a taxi from waterloo which was not too expensive, but as other people state this is not in walking distance from waterloo! We had a car and was very surprised that after staying at the hotel they still charged 25 pounds a day for parking! most hotels will let you free if you stay a certain amount of time(we stayed 6 days!). this ended up being costly and would next time leave the car outside of london!Also the Buffet breakfast is very expensive 15 pounds per person....a tip, if you take the no. 3 bus out side of the hotel stop at horse guards parade 10mins on bus maximum, there is a wetherspoons where you can have a full english breakfast with tea and toast for 2.99.....a bargin and much better!Our room was o.k good size for london, however we were very dispappointed when my parents arrived for 2 days and were given a disabled room! because it was fully booked....they said they were the same as standard but it had no proper cupboard to hang things (we were attending my brother wedding) it was a little annoying and was not happy it was the same price and they would not offer discount! i was very embarrassed. Also when my parents went to check in (we were in town) they asked then for a credit card to guarentee room even though i already had! for both rooms. My parents dont carry credit cards and were made to wait in the lobby with no water offered and wait for us to hurry back and guarentee it all over again. They were very embarrassed and tired after 4 hour car journey down.All in all it is in a great location, we only booked this because they accepted pets. but i think you can get much better rooms in london and including breakfast! that does not cost the earth.	
Jun 14 2009 	Trendy great bathroom super clean.	Just stayed here for a night with 3 girlfriends. We were going to see a show in the West End. I thought it was fab. It's quite trendy inside and everywhere was spotlessly clean. Beds were lovely and comfy and I loved the bathroom. Definitely recommend.	
May 27 2009 	Poor check in procedure and poor location	We visited London on Saturday 23rd April, 2009 for my father in law's 60th Birthday. We arrived into Waterloo train station and immediately struggled to locate the hotel. We tried to telephone the hotel and ask directions, but we kept getting through to the switchboard which does not give an option to speak to a real person, but instead asks you to dial in the room number of the person you wish to speak too! We eventually found the hotel with the help of the police and it was significantly further from Waterloo than indicated...approx 15mins walk, which is a distance when carrying luggage.When we arrived at 13:30, we were unable to check in as the check in time was not until 14:00 and we were pointed in the direction of the hotel bar/restaurant. We filled in the relevant paperwork and returned to the check in desk at 13:55 to fetch our room keys. The receptionist telephoned housekeeping to check if our room was ready, which it was, but he refused to hand over the keys until 14:00! A WHOLE 5 MINS AWAY!! He made us wait in reception until 14:00 and then gleefully handed us the keys for the rooms we booked. This is petty behaviour, and surprising that such a large hotel chain employs such people in the current economic climate. Customer service is everything at the moment, and this individual seriously let the Accor Group down. The rooms are typical Novotel rooms, clean and tidy.The location is poor as it is 15mins walk to a mainline tube station, with nothing around the hotel in terms of ammenities. We will never return to this hotel based solely on the check in &quot;experience,&quot; and neither will the rest of our party.	
May 23 2009 	Nice Hotel but a fair way from Waterloo	Stayed a night here whilst working in our Waterloo office. Hotel is off the upgraded Novotel standard so pleasant rooms, shower, bath, separate WC etc. Service was very efficient and polite. Good plasma TV and comfy bed.Breakfast was buffet style, with a good choice if a little on the dear side.Hotel is on the opposite side of the thames to Westminster and with nice weather around the view across the Thames to Big Ben was fantastic.My only grumble was that the hotel is not actually in Waterloo - its a good 15-20 min walk to Waterloo station which may not be a problem to you but check where you need to be before booking.	
May 7 2009 	Modern hotel in good location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights in January on a weekend break. The location is good, it's next to Lambeth Palace and the Embankment with the Houses of Parliament just a short stroll away. The closest tube stations are Lambeth North and Westminster both of which are a 10 minute walk, there are also buses nearby which regularly go into the West End.The hotel was everything I'd expect from a Novotel: bright, spacious and modern in design with friendly staff. The room was a decent size and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was included in our room rate and was very good. A nice selection of fruit juices, cereals, breads, pastries and of course full English breakfast.We enjoyed our break at the Novotel Waterloo and would definitely stay there again.	
May 6 2009 	Convenient comfortable efficient London hotel	Efficient, courteous staff at the arrival desk. Great tapas bar for snacking and a good breakfast in the restaurant.We lost our mobile phone and it was kept safe in housekeeping until we retrieved it a few weeks later. The hotel is in an excellent location and next door to the Royal Pharmacy Museum which is open to the public.We will stay there again as the whole experience was satisfactory.	
Mar 22 2009 	A surprising gem!	I had got Tesco Clubcard vouchers converted into Novotel vouchers and booked this hotel back in November. When my husband looked up the location we were a little concerned as it seemed to be a nightmare to get to, and it was - but the flipside is that it was a lovely, quiet, clean and modern hotel. We stayed 2 nightsOnly issues in our room was the lack of ventilation did seem really close - the bathroom had no extractor fan and so on the back of the door was peeling paint and one of the sofa arm covers was ripped. Breakfast was a pleasant affair, fresh fruit salads, english breakfast and a fantastic selection of juices! All round a good start to the dayStaff were very friendly and willing to help, especially the bar staff at night really welcoming. And the bar wasn't full of drunks either - the benefit of the hotel being off the beaten track!Would I visit again, in a shot!	
Mar 16 2009	definately recommend	I spent one night at this hotel as part of a theatre break with Superbreak. Last time i used them the hotel was pretty grim for no less money, but this one was lovely and i would definately use it again. The location was great and although it didnt look like much from the outside, inside it was spacious, clean and modern. The rooms were lovely, with a seperate toilet and a nice setee/bed to sit and watch the flat screened TV. Everything was bright and new looking with little extras to make you feel pampered. The bed was so comfy i didnt want to get out of it! Breakfast was nice, with lots of choice and good service. There were even little corners set for single travelers with a TV set in the wall with ear phones. The staff were extremely nice and friendly. We asked to store our bags in the luggage room on the last day and were told we could have the room til 17.00 for nothing. I thanked him but said we would not be back by then, so he said we could have it until 18.00. When we arrived i asked for the stairs as i dont like lifts. The French receptionist asked me if i was claustrophobic, and offered to escort me in the lift to help. I didn't take her up on it as i cant do lifts at all, but in all the hotels i have been to, she was the first ever to offer which i thought was nice. I will definately go there again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location...loved it!	We stayed at the Novotel, Waterloo for 3 nights (13 - 16 Feb 09).The room was very clean and we were really pleased with the Novotel experience. Most of the staff I would say were French, well mannered and tried their best to please you, Breakfast was quick and easy (no queuing) and was very pleasant. The choice was good and appealing.We ate on the Sunday evening in the bar area. Food was good quality and presented well. In fact it was the best food we had tasted in London and reasonably priced. They had some special offers on and some good kids deals.The location was perfect for us as we wanted to do lots of sight seeing. The sight seeing buses are really just 2 mins walk away.Also the no 3 bus got you straight into Trafalgar square and were very frequent. We did the Thames River cruise from Westminster Pier to Tower Bridge (free with the Original Sightseeing Tour ticket). This was a 10 -15 minute walk from the hotel.If in London again and the price was right we would definitely return. My 10 year old daughter loved this 'trendy' hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	Really nice hotel	Really impressed by size of room as have stayed in other hotels in London and was expecting the usual cupboard, but the room was really spacious. Good location, just a short, lovely walk along the Thames to Big Ben and the London eye. £99.00 which was quite reasonable for central London.Fully reccommend it!	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent	Good location, clean modern rooms, fantastic cooked breakfast, helpful staff - what more do you want!?	
Jan 5 2009 	good location mostly positive.	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights over the new year period.It is modern and well placed, being 2 mins from Lambeth bridge. We either walked into the tourist areas or used Lambeth north underground station , which was less than 10 minutes away.Like other reviews we found it quite warm in the room, but being freezing outside this was not a major issue. We did not have breakfast ,but did eat in the restaurant once and enjoyed the meal.Our only major problem was with the room cleaning staff ,who appeared obsessed with getting into our room while we were still in it, twice waking us at 8.30 to service the room and even once coming back 20 mins later and trying again, very annoying, we complained to the manager and to be fair it was dealt with quickly and our bill was adjusted .Generally pleased and would use again.	
Nov 14 2008 	The location is good	And that is the only advantage.They took one hour to check us in and two hours to check us out. We had booked through the SNCB website and the booking was prepaid. They wanted us to pay again. Fortunately for us we were able to contact the credit card company and prove to them that the payment was made.The breakfast was insipid and the service indifferent.	
Oct 27 2008	Great Rooms Overpriced Breakfast	I stay at this hotel often, for both business and pleasure. The main reason is the location. You can get buses and taxis right outside the door and it's about 15 minutes' walk from Lambeth North Tube station. Close to the south bank of the Thames, there are plenty of enjoyable walks along the embankment. If you can afford it, ask for a room high on the Lambeth Road side of the building. You have a great view of Lambeth Palace, the official residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury (if the flag is flying, he's in!), and, over the treetops, the Palace of Westminster. The public areas of the hotel are bright and modern, and there's a very useful free internet connection in the lobby. They have (expensive) wireless in the rooms. The bedrooms are spacious and bright, especially the newly revamped Novation rooms. Big beds. My only gripe here has been the catering. Novotel breakfast prices are frankly shocking. I've had breakfasts just as good at half the price in other Accor hotels. Problem is, there isn't really an alternative place to get your brekkies in the vicinity. I've had some satisfactory evening meals in the restaurant, but again the price is usually a bit excessive. Overall, I'll stay again, but might try to smuggle some breakfast in from the supermarket round the corner :-)	
Sep 28 2008 	Don't waste your time or money	Poor customer service. Room was extremely warm and one could not regulate the temperature. They brought us a fan. Mini bar in-op and had a horrible odor. Ice machines on all floors but no ice buckets in rooms. Can only get tea not coffee. Toilets do not flush well. They do not believe in wash cloths. No top sheet on bed, only large comforter in very warm room. Front desk staff not very knowlegable in regards to hotel ammenities. RE: They did not know you could get wireless internet connection in room. When in hotel pub and you want to order, you have to walk up to the bar as they do not come and serve you at the table. Food in restaurant was tolerable. It was centrally located. Good Luck!!!	
Aug 18 2008 	Not my Sandwich!	I stayed in this hotel in June having stayed there once previously on business. Overall the hotel is fine - conveniently located, free internet workstation a bonus, plenty of space in the room. I would not choose to stay here if I was footing the bill, there are just too many chain-hotel quibbles about it. During my first stay, the temperature control was centrally-controlled, meaning the room was boiling with the window shut, but the road was far too noisy to have the window open. On arrival the second trip round, I unpacked my bag and went to pop my bottle of water into the room fridge. Imagine my surprise when I found an assortment of items that didn't look like they'd been placed there by Accor! Namely, some mixed nuts (half-eaten), some salami, a half-drunk bottle of chocolate Yoplait and my personal favourite, a half-eaten sandwich with a bite mark so perfect you could've used it as dental records for the person it had once belonged to! I called reception to point out that the fridge had not been cleaned. Ten minutes later a member of staff came up with a drinks trolley, under the impression that I wanted a drink! After numerous attempts, I got her to comprehend what the problem was, and although very sweet and apologetic, her solution was to remove the offending items, but not to actually clean the fridge which had had someone else's half-eaten food in. Yuk.I was interested to read another reviewer's comments about the breakfast. I thought that compared to many chain hotels or busy city hotels, there was quite a good range of cold buffet items available. The hot food was ok, but pre-cooked eggs is never a pleasant thing and in this style of mass-catering the few items that are over-done etc always get chucked into the chafing dishes with everything else.	
Jun 26 2008 	Chico's trip	I was at the Novotel London Waterloo from May 26 thru June 2. I had such a great time! The hotel was located in a great area of the city. It seemed to be right in the thick of the city. It is in walking distance of seemingly everything! The first day I arrived there, I settled in my room, and I walked to Trafalgar Square and The House of Parlament/ Big Ben. When I arrived at the hotel, the hotel staff was so nice and very business professional. They did a great job at checking me in. They gave me my room number which was 214. I went to room 214 and was a little suprized. The room looked nothing like the pictures that I had been looking at online for weeks. I put my things down and took a shower, then went walking. I did not particularly care for room 214 at all. I seemed that the room had not been renovated. When I came back from my walk, i spoke to the service desk about the room. They told me that the hotel had different levels of rooms. The room that I saw on the website was an upgraded room, so I told him that I wanted to upgrade. At first the front desk manager told me that it would be 20 pound per night extra for the upgrade. But we settled on 10 pound per night, which was fine with me. I then took my belongings to the new room, room 508. THIS ROOM WAS FABULOUS! I was so pleased with the upgraded style of the room. It looked exactly like it did on the internet. The room was very clean and the shower was spotless! I loved the desk in the room too! The bed was a little too stiff, but there were so many fluffy pillows that I didn't mind that much. There was some type of Castle of something right outside of my window. I could also see Big Ben and the London very clearly. Even the elevators are fabulous! It has this low green lighting in them that really sooths you as you are lifted to your room, and it talks on each floor, telling you where you are and what floor you are going to! Each floor has a shoe shine station next to the elevator, which came in very handy. The Flag and Whistle was a really cool place to eat. Its a pub located right downstairs. The Bar tenders and servers were awesome! Much compliments to you all, I miss you all!!!! The catfish was to die for!!! The restaurant, Elements, was not all the great, I only ate there once for breakfast. I ordered room service almost every night, although the selection of the late night menu was extremely limited, it tasted pretty good! Oh I forgot, the hotel also has an internet station located in a nice comfortable area in the lobby. One other cool thing about the hotel is, there is a bus stop right outside the door. The number 3 bus was my savior during my trip. It takes you every where you want to go, and brings you right back to the hotel. I really liked the Novotel London Waterloo and I would stay there again and again!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Very nice hotel	We stayed four nights at the Novotel Waterloo and we are very satisfied with this hotel : the location is excellent, the staff very helpful and everything seems clean and well entertained. Only black spot : breakfast is just too expensive for what it's offered. On the contrary, we had dinner twice in the restaurant and we were pleased with the food - and the choice of wine.	
May 31 2008 	Great value London hotel	This hotel is surprisingly good value for money. I expected a basic budget hotel for the price but this offers more. It's modern, clean, excellent service and has great rooms. The room was well designed with a good layout and was spacious for the central location, had a lovely bathroom with separate shower cubicle and bath and there was a separate loo which was a nice touch. Only down side is that it's quite a walk to the nearest tube.	
Mar 20 2008 	A great hotel	I stayed here for 3 days with my family (parents and 2 brothers) in July 2006. First impressions of the hotel are very good, the staff are all very friendly and the foyer is very modern and clean. It is in a fantastic location; 10 mins walk from the South Bank (London Eye etc....) and about 15 mins from the nearest tube station. If you want to sightsee London, this is the hotel for you.Our room was very clean and the sheets were changed everyday! The bathroom was good too, with a good shower which is always the hit/miss zone with hotels.We were staying there right at the peak of the heatwave (36C one day) in London and thankfully our room was air conditioned. There was a continual stream of cold air, albeit uncontrollable and not exactly powerful coming from a vent in the room which really made life more comfortable. The beds were comfortable and facilities all very good.Breakfast is very good with lots on offer in the buffet from toast, cereals etc... to a fully cooked selection. The bar isn't too bad with your average bar food but you'd be better eating out.Overall, this is a great hotel if a little expensive but you won't get much better for the price in Central London.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good location breakfast appalling	We went on a Bank Holiday weekend. The service on the weekend days for breakfast was terrible. We were asked to eat in the dirty pub which hadn't been cleaned from the night before . The tables in the restaurant weren't being cleared resulting in chaos. On the third day breakfast service was good. Excellent location near london eye, houses of parliament.	
Feb 29 2008 	Good choice for a business hotel	Stayed here when attending a conference and must say I was impressed with the hotel, price of drinks etc were extremely reasonable considering its location. Rooms were very clean, nice facilities inc Gym, Sauna and Steam Room and staffed mainly with Eastern European staff giving absolutely fantastic service. Nice location for a walk along the embankment to the London Eye and easy access to the rest of London.I will stay there again if the opportunity arises	
Feb 23 2008	above average	I've stayed in this hotel about 10 times over the last 3 years, on business trips to London, only ever staying just the one night at a time. It's convenient, easy access from tube, rooms are always clean, they are a good size, and any time I have ordered room service it is delivered promptly, and the food is excellent quality at reasonable price. Breakfast is akin to many other hotels - standard hot and cold buffet . Plenty of tables ranging from one-seater to large group tables in the restaurant.I think this is a good location for those who want to go sightseeing, just across the river from Big Ben and near London Eye etc. Check- in and ckeck-out is efficient, staff always courteous.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great Value....	I just stayed at the Novotel and found it to be a great value. The hotel, rooms, etc...were clean and comfortable...the breakfast was above average, and the staff, overall were very accommodating. The only semi-drawbacks for a tourist is the distance to the tube and the lack of much nightlife near the hotel. The tube was +/- 10 min walk, and the area was lacking a lot of options for food and drink close by. The advantages, on the other hand were the location is very central to many things within London. A block from &quot;The Original Bus Tour stop&quot;, an easy walk to Westminster, Big Ben and the London Eye, and a quick tube ride to Picadilly Circus. If you don't enjoy walking, I might suggest a different hotel, but if you're on a budget and don't mind a few minutes walk each day, then I would completely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 29 2008 	Really nice hotel in Central London	I stayed here while on vacation in London. I was surprised at how cheap it was because generally speaking, half way decent hotels in central london cost at least $120, and anything nice costs over $200; however, I reserved this hotel on priceline and got it half off. I especially like the rooms because they have a very pleasant Scandinavian type modern feel.	
Jan 15 2008 	Mostly good..	Was impressed with location, mainly because its possible to park for nothing on the surrounding streets all weekend which saved a fortune ... also easy walk up south bank to Westminster / Waterloo. Room - good sized bed, interesting layout with separate bathroom and toilet, only problem was the light in minibar kept flicking on and off during night. No issues with noise. Breakfast - reasonable selection in theory, in practice many people appeared to be taking advantage of the baguettes available to make a packed lunch, meaning that things kept running out. Not at all impressed on second day when ended up sitting in bar some way from food and getting very poor staff service, not helped by fact that hotel seems to positively recruit from western europe and hence some were very heavily acccented in speech. Also had a problem with rate on check out - tried to charge £190 when had booked at £108 - fortunately had confirmation with me - sorted out with only one raising of voice - but this was probably because the chap in front of me had exactly the same problem and had undertstandably got very irate. Could have done without this as left a sour taste on leaving - again the fact that staff were not English meant this wasn't perhaps handled as well as it could have been.	
Jan 1 2008 	Stylish	Very clean, bright, modern, stylish and simple decor. Moment you walk in you realise its different to other hotels - instead of the traditional long reception desk, there's three 'stations' you walk up to. Furniture feels very Ikea, with their bold colours. The room layout is quite unique - a separate WC, double doors to a en-suite. I was surprised to find a mini-bar, a decent iron, and plenty of accessible power sockets. I also like the choice of places to eat - the formal restaurant or the pub-style bar. Save yourself around 40% and don't order food in using Room Service, go down to the bar instead and sit there. Pity about the tiny 'pool table' - it would be great if they had a proper sized English pool table. The restaurant / breakfast buffet had something I've never seen before - a 'TV Dinner' table - yes, a table with a small TV screen and headphones! Don't think I'd want to be the billy-no-mates sitting at one of those! Breakfast was average / above average - the cooked items were really tasty and cooked very nicely, but it was average choice on all items like breads and cereals. Service was good throughout. Would not hesitate to stop there again if I needed something around that area.	
Dec 21 2007 	Location - Lambeth Bridge	I spent one night at the Novotel Waterloo. I would say it is a good 10-15 mins walk from Waterloo. The hotel is just off Lambeth Bridge and close to Westminster. Rooms very basic, clean.	
Dec 7 2007	Good base for a weekend break in London	Choose this hotel for its close location to the centre of London and rooms being able to accommodate a family of 4. It location is convenient as it is just off Lambeth Bridge and has a bus stop on it's doorstep, the No 3 bus takes you past Westminster, Trafalgar Sq, Piccadily and then to Oxford Circus, which saves you a fortune on taxi fares.Rooms are OK, clean and well maintained. The view was pants though as we overlooked the neighbouring block of flats and a service road.Buffet breakfast can be hit and miss, we had one good experience (loads of choice and good service) and one shocker (food selection poor and indifferent staff).The only real disappointment was checking out. There was a big queue (so don't expect a quick getaway) and when we got to settle the account the deal we had booked on their website had not been transferred. They honoured it after much debate - so take your e-reservation along with you!Other than that I would reccommend it as a good base for a weekend break in London.	
Dec 5 2007	For spy tourists business tourists or tourist tourists	This Novotel is a very pleasant place to stay on a visit to London. The property offers all the amenities a business traveler or tourist needs, is bright, cheerful, and clean. Of course, the bathroom facilities are on the French model with the toilet in a separate cubicle. The name &quot;Waterloo&quot; is a bit of a misnomer; it's really at the Lambeth bridge, a 5 minute cab ride away from the station.Overall, the rooms are small but very nice. The staff tries to be friendly and helpful, but did forget our wakeup call. Breakfast was good value for the money given that the hotel is in London and the central area at that. Given the hotel's location even the room rates are a terrific value in the mid-upper range of quality.James Bond lovers should note that MI-5's headquarters are directly across the Lambeth Bridge on the far side of the Thames. And MI-6 (more properly the Secret Intelligence Service) is just a couple of blocks upstream at Vauxhall Bridge. Both are worth a walk-by.	
Nov 26 2007 	Clean 	We stayed here for 3 nights in November. The room was comfortable and very quiet (it had nice thick walls) and was a reasonable size. It is about a 10 min walk to Waterloo station and slightly longer to Westminster although you have a fantastic walk along the Thames. Was quite worried about booking a hotel in London as we had read reviews of some hotels having really small rooms, noisy etc but to be honest if you don't want to pay the earth this is very good value.The only thing I would say is if breakfast is not included in your rate you would probably do better eating elsewhere as I personally do not think it was worth what they were charging.We booked direct on the hotel's website and got a good rate for the Friday and Saturday night.	
Oct 16 2007 	second time there second good stay	Novotel Waterloo is a good 3 star hotel. If you are looking for something fancy, with great personality, I would not recommend it. But, if you need a very clean place where to rest comfortably in a clean and not expensive (do not forget you are in London…) room in downtown London, this is the right place. Rooms are not huge, but large enough to have a double bed and a double sofa bed, clever enough to give you the possibility of opening just one half, in case you do not need 2 extra beds. Personnel are kind and extremely helpful. There is a bust stop right in front of the hotel and a sightseeing tour stop at about 2 minutes on foot. The houses of Parliament are within walking distance, right across the Thames. Breakfast is great and convenient if included in the room rate, if not, it is too expensive (13 Pounds per person, children eat for free). I would strongly recommend it to tourists and families in general. Surrounding area is safe and very central.	
Sep 22 2007 	Pretty good	Positives:The staff were very friendly and helpfulGood extra ameneties in hotel, Gym, sauna and steam roomNice hotel room, clean with plenty of space.Good breakfast was offered as wellNegatives:I had a bath after I went to my room but the plug hole was broken so I was stuck with the water and couldn't take a shower in the morning. (I had to go down to the Sauna and Steam room to shower)The Steam room was brokenDid not use the a lot of the gym equipment because I couldn't switch it on.The opening hours of the sauna and gym were limited.	
Sep 6 2007 	Good stopover before the Eurostar	Hotel was fine with a good sized room and comfy bed. Breakfast was good - esp. liked the fresh smoothies. We only stayed for one night and checked in late and checked out early - ideal if you have an early Eurostar train to take though.	
Aug 9 2007 	Excellent location nice rooms	I booked this hotel as part of a theatre package with Superbreaks. I chose the hotel due to its location. It is close enough to the London sights but you are not paying top rate prices.It is a 5-10 minute walk from Lambeth North tube on the Bakerlook line. Not sure how far from Waterloo.Fab location just around the corner from the Houses of Parliament. Lovely to walk along the embankment past County Hall, London Eye.Good sized room, very clean with separate toilet and shower room. Excellent buffet breakfast in very stylish restaurant with attentive staff.Pleasant hotel bar in an English style.Would definitely recommend and would stay in again for a London break.Couldn't find fault with anything - and I can usually find something!!	
May 3 2007 	Large rooms that's about it	Stayed here for 5 nights, was in town for business in Richmond, but didn't want to stay out of town. The rooms were large, which was nice given I had to work out of the hotel occasionnally. They were clean, but not necessarily up to date. Don't try to use the hotel wireless, same price and better connection for Orange wireless. The bathroom was very nice. The bed was incredibly uncomfortable. On last night, i had to fix the sheet I had kicked off, and discovered the &quot;mattress&quot; was simply two of those egg crate cushion things on top of a box spring. Location is still a 5-10 minute taxi to waterloo station, so didnt find it all that convenient. A nicer hotel in a better location would have been just as easy a commute. I dont mind walking, but a 10-15 minute walk to the nearest tube stop or place to eat was unfortunate, and caused me to end my evenings quicker, given I didnt want to be walking alone after dark. Overall, this hotel is okay if you are on a budget and need a large room, but there are better.	
Apr 9 2007 	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Novotel Waterloo prior to a Eurostar trip. The hotelwas contemporary, clean, and bright. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was very nice and well appointed. Very nice pub in the lobby area too. Short walk to the Thames and across the bridge to Westminster area. Highly recommend!	
Feb 19 2007 	Good Eurostar Hotel	My husband and i stayed at Novotel Waterloo on 6 Feb for 1 night as it was close to Eurostar. The room was spacious and spotless clean and we loved the wooden floors in the bathroom and seperate toilet.However the location would be disappointing for those staying in this hotel other than using it for its convenience for Eurostar. Once you step outside the Hotel there is absolutely nothing but a dark and dodgy looking main road and even being a Londoner myself it didn't feel safe to walk around at night.The hotel itself though is worth a short stay and we enjoyed use of the steam bath, sauna and gym. A very modern hotel and extremley quiet considering it is located in a main road. Reception were helpful and recommended a good Thai restaurant about a 15 minute walk away.We got a taxi to Waterloo Station which only took around 5 minutes from the hotel. All in all a great hotel for Eurostar travellers and we would stay at Novotel again.	
Jan 10 2007 	Its more like the Lambeth 'stroll'......	Just a Lambeth high kick back from the south bank of the Thames and one minutes walk adjacent from the view of Parliament from across the river you will find the Novotel Waterloo. Reception is bright, clean and welcoming with lots of cleaning activity and staff smiled, responsive to newly arriving guests. We were greatly received by a bubbly, friendly lady on reception who delivered an extremely knowledgeable account of the hotels services: where/when the breakfast room was located, bar times, who to approach to book a cab. Was this still London??!! I felt this was the most welcoming and professional greet out of the 11 short stay hotels I have sampled during 2006. We were checked in very swiftly and directed to the floor passing by the cleaners polishing the lift. We later commended the receptionist’s stance to continue addressing us despite a fellow over demanding lady guest (of American origin) butting in-while she presumed the world evolved slowly around her I will add!! We did not deign to ask her about the USA's world leading carbon emissions or to join the queue as this request was accomplished pleasantly by the clerk. The hotel room was modern, air conditioned and despite it not appearing spit new in appearance it boasted a spotless, airy interior, a large comfortable double bed with additional bedding as well as the standard Novotel sofa bed. The en suite’s shower was most welcoming in the August heat of the capital. Our breakfast buffet offered an excellent wide array of hot and cold choices which were not only appetising but hot and/or correctly chilled and replenished regularly by focused, engaging staff. In agreement with other reviews the main attractions of London are on 'other side' of the river but this is a mere amble across the many bridges in either north or south direction from the hotel-admittedly a hike if you were in a rush and the traffic speed is quite intimidating. However, the riverside strolls are pleasant enough albeit of the noise and constant traffic but hey! it is London and not Ross-on-Wye. We felt quite safe at night but then we are two strapping lads. The hotel's guests would benefit from a cash machine in its reception as the nearest is located a 15 minute walk towards Waterloo station itself. A small SPAR type supermarket can be found under an apartment block on the riverbank just along left from the roundabout minutes from the hotel’s location. This stay proved to be excellent value considering this was London and for two adults for two nights with breakfast we paid just £149.00 in total. Fully recommended.	
Oct 7 2006 	An Oasis - of sorts!!	This hotel is almost like an oasis. We booked room only because we thought there would be cafes or restaurants nearby where we could eat, and being Scottish we thought £13 per person for breakfast was a bit steep (even for London!) . However, there are no local facilities (ATM, corner shop, cafe, restaurant) within a 15 minute walk in any direction. Believe me, we tried! We did find a corner shop, don't ask me where and bought what we needed. However, the hotel itself was lovely. The room was large, clean and very comfortable but with no air-con, and it was hot in London in June 2005. The reception was lovely and cool as were the staff. Possibly a language barrier! We didn't use anything from the mini-bar, but we did use the fridge to store our own water, which must have set off some kind of sensor so when we checked out, the staff said we had and we had to wait until they checked the room before they believed us. Can really say anything bad about this hotel and we would stay here again, but this time we would be prepared, and eat before we arrived. Short taxi ride to Waterloo to catch Eurostar.	
Aug 26 2006 	Very pleasant hotel	Have just returned from a few nights in London with my family staying at the Novotel London Waterloo. This was a very good value for money hotel with helpful, friendly staff. Very clean, reasonable size family room with TV, hairdryer etc and some storage space for your clothes etc. Plentiful supplies of tea/coffee/milk etc and towels changed regularly. Separate toilet and bathroom. Nice breakfasts with something for everyone. The hotel was a fair walk into the main tourist areas and restaurants but it is walkable. A bus stop is just up the road from the hotel entrance (the No. 3 takes you to Trafalgar Square and was very frequent) and drops you off right outside the hotel on return). A one day bus pass costs £3.50 each for adults (kids free!) and takes you anywhere within the central London area. There is a sauna and gym and playstations available to use. Sauna and gym are free! A really good hotel if you are looking for a reasonably priced stay and don't mind doing buses!	
Aug 24 2006 	Good for sightseeing	A clean, comfortable hotel in an ideal location for sightseeing. Both sightseeing buses and public transport stop outside the hotel and can connect you with all of the sights, althouh many are walkable. The hotel is a minute away from Lambeth Pier where you can book river cruises and also use the Themes Clippers (public boats which stop at at all the major sights along the river including London Eye, Tower of London and Westminster etc)We paid for 2 nights and got our 3rd night for free and breakfast was included in the price (cost £217 in total for a double room mid week)Breakfast was very good but if not included in your stay £13 a head may prove costly for breakfast if you cross Lambeth Bridge and walk down Horseferry Road there are a selection of cafes offering breakfast.This is a good hotel if you want somewhere to lay your head at the end of a busy day of sightseeing, shopping or even business.	
Aug 14 2006	wonderful stay	i stayed with my husband and 2 children for 5 days in august in this hotel. we enjoyed our stay, the stuff was extremely friendly and helpful.the hotel is fine situated, just 20 seconds to the bus stop and the bus goes directly to several tubes, if you walk 10 minutes you are either in the middle of westminster or in lambeth north tube station.the rooms were big enough, friendly furnitured and clean.breakfast was absolutely OK, if something was empfty it ws refilled within one minute.we had a great rate for four people, because we booked early enough, thats a good idea if you know your trip date. the gym and steambath in the hotel was for free and great!if we have to stay in london we are sure to stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 3 2006	Good overall but understand the location	Overall we had a pleasant experience. Decent daytime location but not much around at night. If you are okay with the location of this hotel you will have a nice experience.Location: I never walked to the Lambeth station, always Westminster, so I cannot comment on Lambeth. We felt safe walking to and from the Westminster station, which is right in front of Big Ben and flooded with tourists. We enjoyed walking over the Lambeth Bridge and seeing the sights on our way to the Tube, so a 15 minute stroll was not a problem. Those with children and lots of luggage may disagree. If I had to do it over I think I would stay in Earl's Court or another property right off the Tube, as the walk did get old after a couple days - especially if you hit the pubs at night and had to cab home. Certain stops (such as Earl's Court) save you about 20 minutes when travelling to Heathrow as well. If you are going to Wimbledon the train goes there directly from nearby Waterloo, saving you time by not going the lengthy Tube route. However, again Chelsea or Hammersmith may be better (but pricier) Wimbledon options. Room: We were pleased with the recently renovated room. The couch is a fold out with two single beds (not common in the USA), so three to four can sleep comfortably. Room has hardwood floors in the bathroom, a nice touch. Good view as well. Staff: Courteous and respectful, we did not receive five-star treatment but they did help us out on several occasions. No complaints. Disclosure: We booked on priceline so the low rate probably made us a bit easier going. It is classified as a 3 star on priceline.	
May 15 2006	Stay away! Much better places	My family has just moved to York from Atlanta. We figured we'd make our first big trip something local, i.e., a drive down to London for the weekend. Tried to find a place near the city attractions but had difficulty. Plan ahead if going to London. Found the Novotel Waterloo. Okay, I know they're a major chain, thus, lets try them out. The Novotel Waterloo on Lambeth, decent location to access all the city center attractions.I read ahead of time that there's something called a Congestion Charge. Calling the hotel, Novotel stated it would show-up on the hotel bill. Mistake-1.Arrived Friday-nite and parking out front had several cars. I had to park behind the cars slightly in the street. My family stayed in the car while I went to reception. Inquiring about the parking, the reception desk staff stated the car was fine for unloading but would have to be moved to the parking lot. Mistake-2.Got to the room. Paid for a family-room. Instead, got a regular room that wasn't big enough for my twin 3-yr. old boys. Novotel stated this was one of their bigger rooms. Mistake-3.Called room-service at 6-pm. Told the food would be up to us in 25-mins. At 7-pm, called back, wondering where our food was located. They hadn't started it and there wasn't a crowd this Friday night. Mistake-4.Food arrived but was missing 2-dishes we ordered. I would label this a mistake as well but we didn't get charged, thus, Novotels only saving-grace on this one. But the food was quite decent.Spent a terrific day touring London but thats another very positive review.Decided to give room service a chance again. This time, food was brought within 20-mins, but, not of the previous nights' quality. Steak was well-done instead of med. as we ordered, most of the hot food was only room temp., the cold drinks went luke-warm, and the ice-cream was melting. Only item that was decent were the pints and they were even warmed-up from a cold-state. Mistake-5.Mistakes from above:1) Due to Novotel not charging us for the Congestion Charge even though inquired, I've gotten a Penalty Charge Notice. Sent a letter to the PCN center and explained situation.2) Due to Novotels extremely incompetent reception staff, I was sent another PCN from the parking-svc for the area stating I was over the double-yellow lines. 50-GBP. Novotel said it was fine. Another letter sent to a different PCN center to hold-on until Novotel pays (I'm trying). Heck, double-yellow in York seems to mean park on the sidewalk from what I've seen so far.3) Waaayyy too over-priced for the quality room. Over 339-GBP for 2-nights in a supposed family-style room with room for 2-adults and 2-children. Rip-off actually.4) Pitiful room service staff taking the orders. The delivery person understood the situation and diffused it. But the person at the end of the phone is incompetent.5) Just pitiful chef selection for the hotel. Then again, based on our experience, whoever the chef is who does the short-order cooking fits right in with the rest of the schysters and scammers.Needless to say, London is a great place to tour but the Novotel Waterloo is a nightmare. If the entire trip was based on the Novotel, I would recommend a tear-down and start from scratch design. We will be back to London, just not by car and definitely NOT at ANY Novotel. For that matter, no Novotel will get our business. The complaints I've sent about having just plain old decency and common sense in a hotel have fallen on deaf ears at Novotel mgt. Oh well, better places to stay.	
Mar 21 2006	Okay	Stayed at the Novotel this weekend, the room was a good size and the ammenities were all there as expected. The bar was pretty reasonable food was okay. Everyone is right about the location everything is quite a walk which is okay during the day but not at night. Location for myself was good, nice view of parliment etc and a very nice cafe on the river about a 2 min walk. I refused to pay £9 for breakfast. What annoyed me the most about this hotel was the parking. £24 a DAY!!!!! I probably would'nt stay here again one because of the location in the evening I dont want to walk miles to find a nice restaurant and especially because of the parking.	
Feb 12 2006 	Style and Character free	I stayed at the Novotel Waterloo on 10th February. It was OK, but completely lacking in any kind of style or character. The room I stayed in was clean and well equipped but everything - walls, ceiling, light fittings - was unremittingly white; it put me in mind of a hospital. A touch of softening colour would have been welcome (I think even hospitals use colour these days).The substantial buffet breakfast was good and the standard of service was acceptable, so I wouldn't discourage you from staying there although I certainly wouldn't (and didn't) pay the full advertised rate.The area immediately round the hotel is somewhat lacking in local amenities but if you walk along the river embankment towards the former London City Hall you will find a decent selection of restaurants.	
Feb 8 2006	Fab Stay at the Novotel Waterloo	Stayed at the Novotel Waterloo for 3 nights in January. Thought the location was fine, only 10 mins walk to Lambeth North Underground or across the bridge to Westminster. The area was a bit quiet, but you are only a few stops on the underground to the nightlife of Soho, Chinatown, etc. We had a good sized double room with a great bathroom. The room was clean and well-equipped. The staff we encountered were all polite and spoke fluent English although it was not their first language. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a huge choice of items to start the day with. If I'd been paying for it I would probably not have had it as it was expensive. Parking at the hotel was also expensive at £1.50 per hour. The restaurant was fine too, we enjoyed the evening buffet. Didn't like the hotel bar as it was not in keeping with style of the hotel and was extremely smokey - very unpleasant! On the whole I'd say this is a decent hotel in a good location.	
Dec 5 2005 	OK but not great	Location: 10-15 minute walk to Parliament and Westminster but no restaurants, ATMs, etc are nearby and the hotel does not have an ATM. Easy to catch cabs or buses. Tube station is a 15 minute walk. Neighborhood OK as long as you only go in direction of the river. Close to River Thames and the riverwalk which is great for jogging. Fairly quiet street and neighborhood.Rooms: I stayed in one of the renovated rooms. A bit small by USA standards but adequate. Decor was modern, minimalist, and budget oriented. Bed was OK, bedding was cheap. Odd lack of storage space for clothes and other items (only had one small drawer, a tiny closet, and a few shelves). Had a nice desk, a sofa (they should have put in a chest of drawers instead), a TV, and a phone. Excellent in room water heater for tea and coffee but with the ubiquitous instant coffee often found in the UK. Shortbread cookies every day was a nice treat. I think the separate toilet room is a great idea as is the free in room safe. Bathroom is modern and clean. Nice soaking tub which is separate from the shower was wonderfully relaxing after a long plane trip. No washcloths are provided so bring your own. The bathroom with its flimsy door was very close to the bed. Staff and lobby: Most of the staff in the hotel and restaurant spoke marginal English so communication was a bit dicey at times. They were adequately polite but not overly helpful. Lobby was modern and clean with occasional smokers polluting the air.Restaurants: The hotel has a restaurant and a pub. Food is pretty good in the restaurant. The only option for breakfast is a very expensive buffet which has a good food selection. Service was usually slow and some nights the restaurant didn't open until 7:00 pm for dinner. I didn't try the pub because of all the tobacco smoke - yuck. I've heard London may be banning smoking in all restaurants which would be wonderful. Other Amenities: Has a small but clean and adequate gym which is a real bonus for who like to work out daily. Apparently that isn't many people because it was never crowded. Wireless internet is available for a fee. I had room toward the back of the hotel and the signal was too weak so I had to sit in the hallway or lug my computer down to the small business lobby to log on. A colleague with a room toward the front did not have a problem with the signal. I had a UK cell phone and reception in my room was also dicey for that too.This is my first hotel stay in London so I can't compare it to other hotels but apparently it is relatively inexpensive so I'd have to say it is OK for a moderately priced hotel.	
Oct 1 2005	Not Great But Not Terrible	We stayed here on a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. This was a last minute trip to London, and we waited until arriving in London to find a hotel. We chose this hotel upon recommendation by a person in the train station. The location is as the other reviewer put it, &quot;paradoxical.&quot; Seemingly close, while being completely inconvenient. The nearest tube station is about 15 to 20 minutes by foot. During the day, the walk is fine. At night, I would not make the walk alone. There is a bus stop just outside the hotel, but buses are not always the most reliable or predictable.As for the hotel, the lobby was nice. The internet in the lobby (which is EXTREMELY overpriced, I think it was 2 pounds for 15 minutes) was very slow. The room was ok. It was a decent size. The bed sat low to the ground and was not very comfortable. The bathroom was big and everything was clean. I was pleasantly surprised with breakfast. Breakfast is served buffet style with cereal, scrambled eggs, muffins, croissants, hashbrowns, and various other hot foods. The food was pretty good and the selection was above average. I found the staff to be marginal. I booked the hotel directly through the Novotel website. (After arriving at Waterloo, I went to an internet cafe to book the hotel to ensure that I was getting a good rate.) My booking said &quot;breakfast included.&quot; I verified that breakfast was included when I checked in. Upon check out I was billed for breakfast at 17 pounds per person per day. Not exactly cheap.... I told the lady at the desk that breakfast was included with my room and I showed her the confirmation (which I printed from their website). The manager came and had to look it up in their records. Eventually the bill was fixed. During our stay we also made a couple of inquiries about a few attractions. The staff seemed to not care and be uninformed. Would I stay here again? Probably not. The poor location and inattentive staff ruin the experience. When travelling, I can deal with a marginal room, but a convenient location and knowledgable staff are at the top of my list. This hotel lacks both of these things.	
Jul 24 2005	Paradox location	We recently returned from an 8 day stay in London at the Novotel Waterloo. This hotel has a paradox location. Just steps from the River Thames with incredible views of Parliament and Big Ben, yet not a tourist convenience within a 15 minute walk! No ATMs, convenience stores, Tube stop, restaurants (except the hotel), laundry, shops, etc. I have requested that my e-mail address be shown with this review if you want to write to me about the hotel. I can give you more detailed information that will save you 3-5 hours. Here are some general tips: 1) The hotel rooms are not air conditioned, although the lobby and restaurants do have air. This is important if they put you on the side with the Waterloo trains and you have to have an open window at night to stay cool. 2) Staff is young and friendly, but not very knowledgable about the area. The information that they gave us was vague. No concierge. 3) You are about a mile from nearest Tube stops of Westminster and Waterloo. You will either have to walk a lot or rely on buses right outside the hotel to take you to the Tube. This will add time to your journey. We found that the buses were fine during the day, but we sometimes waited up to 30 minutes at night and on weekends. 4) Bring cash with you to the hotel. No ATM's nearby and they would not cash a $50 American Express Traveler's Check for me. 5) The hotel has two restaurants. One is very reasonably priced with a varied menu and open until midnight. Use it! The restaurants across the river are closed Saturday and Sunday evenings. Don't expect (as we did!) that there will be restaurants on the main street of Parliament and Big Ben (Whitehall).  6) Once again, feel free to write to me and I can tell you more about hotel location, room location, hotel amenities, nearest restaurants, convenience stores, ATM's, bus schedules, laundry, Starbuck's, pharmacy, etc. The hotel is fine, but you will be trading price with convenience.	
Jun 12 2005 	Good rooms clean but don't eat the mussels	The rooms were large for London, spotlessly clean and the staff very helpful. The area is quiet, and it is about 10 minutes walk to somewhere to eat and around 15 - 20 minutes to the London Eye. I would take a cab in the evening if I was a woman alone - the area is a bit off the beaten track and I would have felt vulnerable without colleagues in tow.Stayed for 5 days on business and all the meals were delicious, but marred by the first evening when I got food poisoning from some dodgy mussels (but that could happen anywhere I suppose).Beware that the hotel seems to be in a 'black hole' when it comes to mobile reception - I could only make calls by almost hanging out the window, and use of email by laptop therefore very difficult.	
May 10 2005 	Comfortable stay at the Novotel Waterloo		
Mar 17 2005	EXCELLENT VALUE HOTEL		
Mar 13 2005	Great for Familis		
Nov 15 2004	Good value for money		
Nov 11 2004	Great hotel for the money		
Jun 15 2004	Disapointed with the Novotel Waterloo		
Jun 13 2004	Very disappointing		
Apr 30 2004	Ugly unimaginative and not very London! Renovated Rooms ONLY!		
Oct 7 2002	Great central location		
Sep 12 2002	Great location		
Oct 28 2009 	Te roban cosas de la maleta en la habitacion		
Oct 8 2009 	Hotel moderno per soggiorno gradevole		
Sep 7 2009 	Limpio Comodo Agradable		
Aug 23 2009	Un hôtel familial et agréable		
Aug 15 2009 	bello		
Aug 14 2009 	ottimo hotel un pò impersonale buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Aug 3 2009 	cèntrico nuevo ESTPENDO!!		
Jun 7 2009 	Buon Hotel con buoni servizi.		
May 13 2009 	muy recomendable buena situacion		
Mar 29 2009 	Viaje fugaz a Londres		
Oct 23 2008 	Bonne situation mais service décevant		
Dec 24 2007 	Un buon hotel per brevi soggiorni		
Dec 10 2007 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix pour le centre de Londres		
Jul 25 2007 	caro malo y jugarreta con la tarjeta de crédito		
