Sep 30 2009 	Not a bad choice for the price	I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of July. There are so many hotels in London that it was very overwhelming to find something. We chose this hotel based on the price just because we were on a budget and everything is so expensive near central London. We also heard good things about the location so we went for it.The location is definitely awesome! Earl's Court is a very cute area and the hotel is a 3-5 min walk to the closest metro station and you are in the center within 10-15 mins. The hotel itself is alright, you get what you pay for. We had a room for 4 people with a private bathroom which is great because it was hard to find this for the price but the room was quite small, old and hot.The staff is relatively helpful and the breakfast is really just toast, cereal and jam but they serve a typical English breakfast as well (didn't look too great).If you are on a budget and want a good location, this is a great choice. Next time I am in London though, I will try to spend a bit more money and find something a bit nicer.	
Jul 23 2009 	Fantastic Value in London	Having stayed in some appalling hotels in London in the past we are always wary when booking an inexpensive room on our visits. We were pleasantly surprised by the Boka, and even asked to extend our stay.The Boka is in a typical London terrace just around the corner from Earls Court tube: a fabulous location using the District line east and west and the Piccadilly line into central areas. Firstly, they are doing some construction and we saw some of the equipment but were never disturbed by any noise. We stayed in a room on the top floor (no lift, so be prepared to carry the luggage up the steep stairs, although it appeared that they may be installing a lift.) To our surprise, our double room with private bathroom turned out to be a large room suitable for 3, with a sofa, tv and own kitchenette with a brand new small cooktop, fridge and sink. There wasn't much in the way of equipment but we managed. There is also an enormous 24 hour Tesco a short walk away. The room appeared to us as partially renovated (brand new kitchenette but needed a paint; new bathroom suite but elderly bed). Everything was clean but we didn't get very much in the way of room service - we had to ask for clean towels after a few days and bed not made etc. Front desk service was much better- when we asked to extend our stay we were going to move to another room but they took it upon themselves to rearrange the bookings so that we didn't have to move. Much appreciated!London is an amazing but expensive city and the Boka was a perfect base for us. It is certainly the best hotel that we have stayed in in this price range (and even better than some more expensive and better TripAdvisor-rated hotels) due to the advantages of space, privacy, kitchenette and location.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very nice no unpleasent suprises supreme location and price	Stayed at Boka hotel for 3 days with my mother and my 2 brothers (Mom being 50y, me 23 and brothers 21 and 18 - Family get together) we just wanted a place to stay close to the center and metro, as we spent all day and evening in the city. And it did just that, and despite what other reviews says, the English breakfast was very nice, the rooms where bright and clean, soap, shampoo, towels was in place, and beds was mediocre but definitely served the purpose. We never really needed to get in contact with any personnel, but cleaning of the rooms was done nicely, and the handing back and fourth of the key happened with a smile. Can be recommended.Tip: The hotel is very old, and so it is very loud whenever people walk by in corridors or open/close doors, if you, like me, are not used to creaking sounds, I recommend bringing a set of ear plugs.	
Jul 2 2009 	Disgusting	Me and my sister booked this hotel for our weekend break to London. We got there and took one look at the rooms and left. We ended up cancelling our reservation because of the very low standards. The Bathroom was grimy, there was what seemed to be a metal scrap yard on view outside of the window, the curtains were hanging off the rails and there was mould on the walls.	
Jun 21 2009 	Ideal Bed 	Was my 1st time in UK &amp; got a good deal of 25 GBP for room + breakfast, rooms were average not that great, but just for sleeping, common bath &amp; toilets (Shared), good location near earl's court tube.No restaurants etc but good for people on a shoe string budget.I remember the basement has a breakfast room with a television area, also the hotel was kind enough to let me use the kitchen for light cooking/heating etc	
May 14 2009	old but clean	i stayed in this hotel with my mum we were on the top floor with private bathroom and kitchen. its ideal for anyone travelling on a budget. our bedroom was spotless, there were new beds and spotless sheets. i agree with other reviews the breakfast room isnt ideal but serves the purpose. for the money it is spot on with earls court tube station a very very short walk away my advice is dont exit out of the main entrance follow the sign to the exhibition centre turn left out of the tube and its your first right. all in all a pleasant stay.	
Apr 25 2009 	Old 	I stay here in room 37 Ist floor in April 2009. The staffs' English was not 100% but were very friendly and helpful. The room was a bit of a surprise it was very old probably 80s decor in real need of TLC, but spotlessly clean. The sheets for example were sparkling white. See my photos for a better idea. It had a communal toilet and separate shower at the end of the hall. They were very small probably converted broom cupboards, but again spotlessly clean (you will need to bring your own shower gel etc) The walls as previously mentioned are pretty thin. It was very warm overnight, a bit difficult to get to sleep. In the morning breakfast was in the basement again a bit dated decor but spotless breakfast ws lovely and the staff were great!. Now for my biggest surprise when I checked out I was charged £25 yes £25! for a hotel right beside Earls Court - Fantastic. I noted a lot of renovation work ongoing and I would say it will get better. A lot of areas had just been painted so a work in progress. This suited me perfectly for an overnighter - Would suit single folk/Students. Please note this was a single rooms and this review does not cover double or family rooms!	
Apr 16 2009 	Don't expect too much	Just came back from the Boka-hotel. First, it's easy to find, just back-to back with Earl's Court Mega-mall. (don't bother to travel from Earl's Court to West Brompton, it's just on the other end of the same street)We were very nicely checked in a room with a small kitchen and shower, and 2 beds. This was without any problem, the reception was perfect. The hotel staff was nice and the booking was perfectly arranged. However, with view of a metal-scrap yard at the back, stained sheets and no soap in the shower, this was deminishing it a bit. Also the towels and sheets weren't refreshed, and I believe they had taken out the trash only 1 time in our 3 day stay. The breakfast was the absolute minimum! The breakfast room is in a basement area that looks like a camping-trip with a kitchen and a big tv that appears to be always on (lot's of Will and Grace). We only took the English breakfast, because than you would get at least something. We saw a french family who ordered a &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, but received nothing else but toasts, as butter and marmalade was already on the table (I believe they didn't even received plates). This was not a particular strong point of the hotel. Clean sheets and soap in the shower could have done a lot of good, also a much better investment in breakfast-quality could make this a wonderfull hotel! The stay was nice, and although you can hear much of your neighbours, (stumbling, mobile alarms, snorring, etc), it wasn't too much for 3 days. Taken into account that we stayed in the city most of the time, which is exactly what the hotel is perfectly suited for.	
Jan 21 2009 	Bokamazing for that price	I had the room 304 (top floor with a view on the street). Although I booked for a double room with a shared bathroom we got a double with our own bathroom (all very clean, with soap and shampoo as in any hotel, but with low water pressure in the shower...but we had warm water, it's the most important) and a full kitchenette with fridge, hotplates (but we hadn't brought a pan...) and dishes. As my girlfriend and I are quite tall the bed was just long enough to contain our feet but we slept quite well.Yes, the breakfast is greasy if you choose the &quot;English&quot; one, try the coninental if you want. But still it is quite as greasy as any pub's Fish'n Chips. And the staff was really cool as they always made us our breakfast although we were late twice.Without any doubts, 3 days for 114£ in those conditions is amazing.	
May 21 2008 	Book itdon't listen to the negative opinions!	Hi to everybody;just want to say that Boka is a good clean decent newly refurbished hotel with a friendly nice staff as well.The rooms are larger than i have seen in another London hotels which are more expensive than Boka;and they have a kitchen as well! Not only a corner which is kitchen !For me the bad opinions about this hotel are a mistery;they are unfair and not objective.And i must say the rooms are not ugly as some people say;of course it doesn't pretend to win an interior design prize but they look quite ok! If you want a boutique hotel this is not the one but it doesn't pretend to be;anyway looks better than many other hotels from london.And the prices as well,i had a single ensuite in a double room for just 35 GBP in april 2008.	
Apr 20 2008 	Almost get what you paid for...	For the rate of about 55 pounds a night for a private bath we were not expecting much. However, the toilet barely worked, forcing us to use the one downstairs. The floor was dirty and there were some disgusting stains on the sheets. It was not possible to adjust the heat in the rooms and the front desk would not change it. You can hear other people talking and watching television through the walls of the room. However, if you are willing to put up with horrible conditions to save alot of money, the location is great ,close to the tube in a safe area and the breakfast included is suprisingly good.	
Jan 15 2008 	Book the Boka	I first heard of the Boka on my last morning in Wales, leaving for London as last leg of my big trip to the centre of the universe. My friends husband and I spent the morning trawling the internet to find good accomodation at low to reasonable pricing ie... budget. The blurb online was encouraging, as was the street photo of the hotel so I phoned and arranged accomodation as from that same evening.Arriving hot tired and fed up, management roared with laughter when I innocently asked for the location of the lifts as my room was on the first floor but he did redeem himself 500% when he took pity on me and carried my luggage up to the room for me. Once he left, I looked around a &quot;matchbox size&quot; room that clearly should have been condemned but clearly hadnt been, threadbare carpets, torn ripped curtains and I think probably a blue cover on the bed that was now a very tired grey, though I can forgive this as I think the colour was more one acquired through the ages, like hundreds of years of ages, not dirt. Management had also redeemed the hotel by giving me a very low rate for accomodation since I was booking for 4 nights. For that I was extremely grateful.The room overall was a joke and certainly would not have allowed in my own country New Zealand but I didnt allow that to faize me at all - afterall - really, all I needed was a room to sleep in, and reasonably clean. It was clean I suppose though certainly not at all attractive. I had a choice at night of leaving the small fridge plugged in, or, I could plug in the lamp for lighting, but could not have both on at the same time. A bed, a lamp, fridge, small washbasin a bedside table and chair and a musty wardrobe was all there was and this tired old mismatched ensemble if you like crowded the room far beyond its capacity. But I was on holiday and in holiday mode and even back then, I simply couldnt stop laughing because it was so totally unacceptable in a normal sensible person's world. Looking back, I still think of the Boka with great fondness and definitely would return to experience again the strangest accomodation I've ever come across. The tattiness of the hotel I accept wholeheartedly and fondly believe it is or was an integral part of its own peculiar charm, for that reason I wouldnt hesitate to stay there again if I should ever return to London. In hindsight I have to say, the accomodation was extremely cheap for the location, definitely cheap, and whilst not the Hilton, it was clean enough I guess. The fact that the hotel has undergone some refurbishment will greatly add appeal to many travellers, my stay was well before this happening and the photo shows enormous improvement. I wish management well and all who choose to stay here, because I think overall, in honesty, I actually enjoyed my time there. The staff did the best they could (or would) and you cant expect more than that from anyone. They gave their best and I accepted even though the accomodation wasnt of a particularly high standard, it was the best they were able to offer for a very very low rate. So if you require good cheap accomodation of a very basic standard, I would say book the Boka. If you need something a little more refined and tasteful, then this is not the place for you. Each in the end to their own.	
Mar 18 2007 	Avoid at all cost!	We weren´t expecting much for the price but nothing could have prepared us for what met our eyes. To begin with the manager wanted us to pay in cash even though it said clearly online that they accepted creditcards! We had to ask for towels andour TV was broken. Our room was on the ground floor next to the reception so we could here people coming and going all night thanks to the ultra sqeaking floor in front of our room. The shower was thiny and horrible. It had no ventilation and the showercutrain was filthy and slimy!!!The &quot;english breakfast&quot; was disgusting and repulsive.We will always remember this hotel for how bad it was. AVOID - AVOID - AVOID!	
Sep 13 2006 	Filthy - unhelpful - depressing place	DO NOT stay here! It is filthy. We watched a very sick mouse die in out mould infested dirty shower (that was in the corner of our room - not separate!!). I told reception and they gave me a towel to pick it up in!!! The restaurant is filthy too. We were offered breakfast as part of the package, but I would not touch anything these people had to offer. If you are looking for a simple room that is clean (like we were!), DO NOT STAY HERE. Truly repulsive place with equally repulsive management. The rooms are damp, dirty, depressing and this accommodation ruined the London experience for us. I avoided going back there each day...	
Aug 10 2006 	Is this really a 'hotel'	We had a horrific but hilarious night at the Boka.My suspicions about the quality of this hotel were raised when we (there were 3 of us) had to step over the various people sitting on the reception floor drinking whisky &amp; eating lychees. I think they were 'staff' but could have lived there.Our room alledgedly had en-suite seperated from the bedroom by a badly fitting curtain.Our friend did not go for the luxury en-suite option and shared his bathroom with a man who kept locking himself out of his room.The ceiling of the communal toilet was made interesting by the fact it now resided on the floor, toilet seat and cistern.To get some air into our smelly disgusting hole of a room I opened the window (some of which came off in my hand) to be greeted with a flat roof below the window strewn with teabags, condoms and other unmentionables.In summary, I have worked in far nicer homeless hostels.Please don't stay here.	
May 22 2006	The Boka Hotel was a good place to stay for 4 nigths	I cant understand why people are criticising Boka Hotel. The cost of staying at the hotel per night was reasonable, considering the locality of the hotel. I was impressed with the room. The bedroom was clean and the friendliness of the staff was excellent. Ive stayed at Boka Hotel 3 times and have never been disappointed. The Boka Hotel's website clearly states that it is a cheap, inexpensive hotel for the budget conscious consumers and I didnt expect the hotel to be outstanding. If customers are unsatisfied with Boka Hotel then stay elsewhere and pay extortionate prices for a room. Furthermore, I will definetly be staying at Boka Hotel again when im at London.	
Mar 20 2006	Horrible hole	The boka hotel is well known in the area, and generally the price marketed to on line booking travellers is very different from its 'market rate'needless to say, it 's better sleeping rough, pop into a fast food in the mornig, avaiding so the poisonous breakfat, to start.not worth the on line prices, nobody would coin into it	
Jan 17 2005	Survived it - just!	If you choose to stay here - - well just don't!If you are forced to stay here, then be sure to take your bug spray, some bedding to replace the worn out and shredded stuff supplied, a shelf of Dictionaries to assist translation into a variety of foreign languages to communicate with the other guests, and finally some more bug spray. They are BiG!As a flopshop it may just be justifiable for the impoverished backpacker passing through London in one night, though other nearby hotels seemed to offer much better accomodation at very much cheaper on the day prices than I paid. (All part of the risk of using an agency online to book through I suppose.) As a hotel for anyone contemplating having a stress free place to relax in after business or sightseeing, forget it, it fails on every count.It is the lowest level of accomodation possible and does not care a bit!	
Dec 1 2004	Its so Boka	after arriving to hotel boka on my first trip to London I was pleased with it. Not much can be said about it that you havent already herd. Its, small, cheap, and worth it. but not only is it all three of those its something else, its Boka. Its the atmosphere that cant be described that makes it so great, its in a great location that makes you forget that your in europes largest city and only a few tube stops from famous landmarks. This hotel leaves you with a sense of it being a home a way from home. I know when i return to London where ill be staying. Down the street from the man with the flower cart and newspaper stand that would great me each moring. Down the street from the local pub where we were showen a good time by the locals. down the street in hotel Boka. Words can only tell you so much but i recommed this hotel to everyone looking for a great,cheap and well worth it hotel that shows you the real side of europe, the Boka side.....whatever Boka means to you	
Oct 10 2004	The worse hotel of the history	I and my friends have been for 3 days to boka hotel. It's stinking and in orribile state. The machine for the payment with credit card never does not work! Advices against whichever attempt to cross the threshold of boka hotel!	
Sep 14 2004 	disgrace ful	on a recent trip to London to visit the PLASA show in Earls Court myself and a friend had the terrible misfortune to stay in the Boka Hotel. The Only way to describe this place is a dump. the room was small and the bathroom looked like it had not been cleaned for months. the wall light fittings were broken and there were no locks on the windows. No towels or soap were provided. the breakfast was a joke. It is described on your site as a full english, but I cant believe that this consists of 2 fried eggs and 1 miserable piece of bacon and 2 slices of toast. the &quot; cook&quot; ??? could not speak english. We promptly checked out after one night and went to find other accomadation. Do not stay at this so called hotel it is a disgrace.	
Aug 12 2004	The worst little hellhole in London	This is hands down the worst hotel I have ever seen, let alone ever stayed in, in my entire life! My best Friend and I were on a trip to London, had the heathrow airport book us a hostel and we ended up in the slums of the ghetto in this hellhole! There were roaches on the walls, construction outside our window all hours of the night, the sink leaked, the mattresses and boxed springs were torn, and the carpet-I have never seen more stains anywhere! There was one floor lamp that gave off only enough light to see right underneath it. The bathrooms were horribly disgusting and the shower door didn't even lock! The free breakfast was too scary looking to actually attempt to eat and the staff were extremely rude. This was the most expensive hostel I found also, $90 for one miserable night in this awful hotel....we stayed in a hostel called the Generaor, for the remaining 6 days of our trip and it was far better, and only $170 for 6 nights....I would reccomend the generator and reccomend you not even drive by the hotel boka. That first night in that hotel runied my entire outlook on london and ruined my vacation!	
Jul 7 2004	Good B	Myself and two mates stayed at the Boka Hotel recently. It is in Earls Court which is very central and easy to get to most places. The staff seemed really nice people and the room was nice for the money we paid , it was clean. The breakfast was not the biggest portion I've ever seen but it was good quality . The only drawback is that it is quite difficult to park a car around there unless you pay a small fortune at a pay car park.	
Jul 6 2004	Disgusting! Do NOT stay here!	Where do I start? There is nothing good to say about this hotel. Only bad....*The taps were plumbed incorrectly, leading us to believe that there was no hot water. We should have been informed by reception on arrival. We only found out when we complained, after showering.*There was no toilet roll or soap in the room.*One of the windows in our room had no lock. As we were on the ground floor this lead to concerns about our safety and the safety of our belongings when we went out for the evening.*The curtains had an area of 20 cm either side that did not cover the window, and also 30 cm of the bottom of the window was not covered. We had to block out the light by covering the windows with newspaper.*The whole place had an underlying smell of cats ur*ne.*The sheets and pillow cases were clean, but the blankets and pillow inserts were dirty. The beds were uncomfortable and you could feel the springs through the mattress.*The lights in the room did not always work. Consequentally we had to shower in the dark in the morning.*The kitchen was an absolute disgrace and I dont believe it has been cleaned in the past 5 years. Consequently we chose not to have the cooked breakfast in the morning. Something for the local health and safety authority to investigate.*The hotel is rated as a 3 star. I have stayed in a 1 star hotel in Barcelona that was 1000 times better.*The hotel may have been cheap, but it certainly was not value for money. I would not stay here again if somone paid me!*To sum up....DISGUSTING! DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Jun 8 2004	Run - and don't look back...	Efficient, courteous staff. - spacious, clean and airy rooms. These are just some of the things that you can't say aout the Boka.We booked in for two nights, but luckily one of our party fell down the steps of a bus and we were able to spend the whole of the second night in acident and emergency at a local hospital - result!. 	
Feb 23 2004	avoid it like Chernobyl	Well, ok, the hotel is well located, and the breakfast is ok. But that's about it.All the rest is garbage. We booked for a double room, we got a double room.But what a room... It was dirty, smelly, humidity was coming out of the walls, we had no toilet paper, the sink qas leaking, the floor was stained. But what was, i think, the most disappointing was the personnel. Every one of them was absolutely unpolite and not gentle at all. One guy even took me for a retard because of my french accent. I4ve travelled a lot in my life, but honestly, this is the biggest garbage dump i've ever stayed at.Don't give them your money, please.	
Jan 30 2004	good value for money	I stayed at The Boka Hotel in December 2003. I found the manager and staff to be a really helpful bunch and very clued up on where to go and what to do.The rooms weren't the biggest I've ever stayed in but they were clean and the showers and toilets were kept very clean as well.For anyone wanting to do a few days in London on a budget I would reccommend it.	
Jan 24 2004	Think positive it can't get worse	My friend and I stayed in the Hotel Boka in summer 2003. It was cheap compared to other hotels but not cheap enough if you consider how awful it was. We could have handled the impolite staff but not the room we had to live in. What made it so awful? I don't know what to choose. Perhaps the leaking wash-basin or the crumbling plaster on the walls or were it those nice little inscects we found in masses in our room? Perhaps it was even the fact that we couldn't close our window or that the toilet was next top our room and not working properly (you had to wait about 20 min. until you could go again whilst listening to the trickling water) or was it the bed-linen that was not cleaned properly? The following day we looked for another hotel and left without getting the money back we had to pay beforehand for six nights. The nice man at the reception didn't even say anything to us he just tipped on a piece of paper that said: &quot;No refunds. Plan journey carefully!&quot; Yes, thank you, that's what I'm going to do next time!	
Oct 3 2009 	ca depend des chambres		
Sep 15 2009 	Bof		
Jul 7 2009 	attention danger		
Apr 28 2009 	Un tugurio		
Mar 10 2009 	El peor hotel de mi vida		
Jan 7 2009 	Londra per vedere Londra		
Nov 7 2008 	valido		
Sep 18 2008 	Por favor no reserveis 'horror'		
Jul 14 2008	préférez dormir dehors !		
Jan 30 2008	Séjour londonien		
Jan 29 2008 	Spendi poco Godi meno....		
