Nov 7 2009 	Clean Friendly Good Value for Money	Stayed from 2nd to 6th November for a week long meeting / conference near Marylebone. The hotel was really easy to get to from either Paddington (3 min walk) or Edgware Road (8 min walk). I had a single room which was not big, but it had a bigger than single bed. VERY clean. Lovely warm powerful shower. The only thing I could have done with was a desk to do some work which was all taken up with the tea/coffee making facilities. Breakfast was a nice choice of continental breakfast (all cold) but I wasn't there for fine dining. THe staff were all really polite and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	DISGRACEFULL CUSTOMER SERVICE	We arrived at the hotel on a Friday and were accommodated to our rooms which were small but fine. We were rudely awoken in the middle of the night by guests that had been allowed to check in with alcohol and a music player. We got absolutely no sleep for the entire night. The night staff phoned the noisy room and the party went on into the early hours of the morning. Eventually at 7am after a night of no sleep we called reception again and got lies told to us by many members of staff. The staff were unfriendly and very unhelpful. There was no manager around for the week and nobody in charge. I would advise people not to stay here EVER. The service was appalling the staff were very very rude. Maybe because it is in a decent location they feel they don't need to serve their guests well.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good time in London	Would recommend booking in advance to get a good discount as I would not pay what someone had asked while I was at reception, 130quid no chance. Checked in fine and was told breakfast included for 82.50 which I thought was very good value for Hyde Park, breakfast was nice but couldn't understand why they stopped doing a full english when in England???.Rooms are small but adequate. Girlfriend complained of bed bugs and shower flooded so could not stay in it for too long. They have a bar and the guys at recepton are quite helpful with things going on. Stayed here for one night but would not stay here for a week. All in all was good couple of days in London recommend hotel for short stays.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good location bad room terrible service	Recently stayed at the Days Hotel London Hyde Park for 2 nights. Positives: The location is fantastic, close to metro &amp; on a main line so very easy to go anywhere. Breakfast was ok, self service, no frills but kitchen ladies were nice. Also, the shower was good &amp; strong water pressure. Now, let me tell you about my overall stay:On Tuesday, i booked a double room online. On wednesday, i rang &amp; changed the room to a triple as my sister decided last minute to come with us. The receptionist on the phone was helpful, changed the room type &amp; told me the extra cost. On Thursday, i rang again- just to confirm the booking as we were arriving late that night. We arrived at the hotel- only to be told that our room was a 'double'. Our changed booking &quot;was not on the system.&quot; After he 'ummmm'ed' &amp; 'aaaahed' he finally told us there was a triple available &amp; gave us the keys. Off we went, but when we opened the bedroom door- there was somebody else in the room already! Back downstairs, the receptionist didnt believe us &quot;its not possible, it is not on the system&quot; he said. But the bedroom was locked from the inside &amp; there was a man shouting out at us! So, they apologised &amp; allocated us another room. Now, i had read heaps of other reviews of hotels in general in London, and so, was execting the rooms to be small, but nice &amp; clean. Our room, 406, was up in the attic. it did not look like ANY of the photos i had seen previously. The ceiling was sloped so you could not stand upright at one side of the double bed (nor was there enough room to walk around the bed) The floor was on a slant- so the bedside lockers &amp; the bed were on a slope. (things were rolling off the bedside locker!) The bathroom door did not open fully- as it opened against the bed. The duvet covers were all ripped. The floor was in need of a decent hoover. The bed was comfortable enough, although there were no sheets-only the heavy duvet. There was a window which opened fully but due to the noisy traffic, we had to close it at night time (my cousin lives in Dublin city &amp; she found the street noise unbearable) and so the room was EXTREMELY HOT &amp; very difficult to sleep! Also, we asked for late check out on Sat morning, as we were going to a show fri night &amp; knew we'd be out late. We were told this was fine, however we were all disturbed early when the cleaning lady knocked, and walked right into our room! Lucky we had the inside lock on. (we also had the 'do not disturb' sign on the door!) Reception rang us then at 11.30 to tell us that check out was at 11 &amp; we would be charged extra as we were late. We explained that we'd asked for late check out, however this &quot;was not on the system&quot; Overall, there seems to be NO COMMUNICATION whatsoever between ANY of the staff, and obviously their &quot;system&quot; isnt working. I spent hours researching hotels online &amp; truely thought i'd found a good one, but really, the Days Hotel Hyde Park, does not deserve the good ratings. I assure you, i'm 26yrs of age &amp; have recently travelled around Australia in hostels etc so i am not a princess. I wasnt expecting alot, but surely, there are nicer places to stay at without all the stupid drama.....surely!	
Sep 28 2009 	Very Good Hotel	This hotel is in a great location especially for the Paddington and Edgware Road underground stations. Although the rooms are small, they are clean and well equipped. I was also impressed by the manner and excellent service of the Reception staff. Will definitely book this hotel again.	
Sep 18 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL LOVELY ROOMS AMAZING STAFF	wow - What a lovely hotel! Way beyond my expectations being a 'Travelodge' person usually. I am now spoilt. Yes, it cost more but what a difference! A beautiful building in a prime location (we were going to The Proms In The Park at Hyde Park and the hotel is about a10 minute stroll away)The staff are excellent, very professional. So helpful! The room was lovely - our ONLY complaint about the whole trip was that the hotel is on main road and no double glazing made it pretty noisy.The breakfast was lovely - full English (self-service) and they even kept our bags (FOR FREE UNLIKE T/L who charge £10) as we were checking out a couple of hours before our train was due and didn't want to be carrying them around London with us.Thank you - we had a lovely time!	
Sep 14 2009 	Will definitely stay here again	I stayed at the Days Inn Hyde Park twice over the past couple of weeks: Sept 2 through 4th and then from Sept 8 through 10th. I have stayed there a couple of previous times.For my first stay I was put into a single room- small, clean and adequate. For my second stay I was put into a double- still small byu North American standards, but it was roomier.The staff is friendly and professional. Breakfast was a little disappointing these past two visits as the&quot;full English&quot; was not quite &quot;full&quot; ie. no sausages. A small item as there was definitely lots to eat.I will definitely be staying there again. I enjoy staying in the Paddington area and the hotel is only a couple of minutes easy walk from the station. During these visits, and my visit in February, I was able to get into my room as soon as I arrived- before noon. Much appreciated.	
Aug 22 2009 	If you can't stand the heat ..... part 2.	Stayed on business for several nights and can reinforce the previous review... my tiny room was fine apart from it being extremely hot and stuffy which resulted in virtually no sleep over the period. I was given a fan which didn't help much, and opening the windows made sleep even harder due to the 24hr traffic and noisy late night pedestrians. Its a shame because the hotel staff were helpful and the room itself was clean and modern.So in summary :-The good - Helpful staff. Modern room. Clean room.The ok - Adevrtised cable tv was 5UK channels, sky news, and a few foreign channels. Chargeable Internet. Breakfast.... adequateThe bad - Unbearably hot, stuffy, small room	
Aug 11 2009 	If you can't stand the heat don't stay in this hotel!	This hotel does not have A/C, and some rooms are in a courtyard where it is impossible to have the small window open for some ventilation as people pass by to go to their room. The hotel doesn't have enough fans for all the rooms, and it was only after much protesting that they managed to find me one, which I had to carry to my room. Even so, the heat was too much for me and I decided to abandon all attempts to sleep in the room. As the staff readily admitted, they're just not geared up to hot weather (and it wasn't particularly hot the night I stayed!). Breakfast is good, and unusually for most central London hotels is included in the price. But the rooms are small and the en suite feels like it is inside a cupboard (seems to be standard for Days hotels in the UK). I wouldn't risk staying here again although I admit it is usually cheaper than the nearby Hilton or Novotels (but the standards are not comparable!). 1 hour internet access costs £5, although you can have 24 hrs for £10.	
May 22 2009 	will stay there again	Loved it! In a central location, a very short walk to main train stn/Paddington. Could get everywhere from there. There were numerous places to eat within walking distance. Even though it was in central London, is was very peaceful and green where the hotel was located. The staff was very friendly and helpful. the room was minsicule by american standards, but that added to the thrill of being a first time visitor to London. Besides that we were only in the room to sleep. My daughter, age 23, griped about the breakfast, and I didn't care for beans and stewed tomatoes for that meal, but there were enough other selections- cereal, fresh fruit, toast and jelly, to satisfy. The ham in particular was very good, like ham here in Virginia. And I would love to see those machines with coffee, chocalate and cafe mocha at the push of a button here in the states. No complaints from me, and I plan to stay there again.	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent value for money	This hotel is a great find in London - good value, clean and comfortable. The rooms aren't massive, but they never are in central London hotels, and I have stayed at many hotels where the size of the room itself, and bathroom are MUCH worse. At least this place is spotlessly clean, and has friendly staff and a good breakfast. For the price, it's the best place I've stayed in London.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Value!	My husband and I were in London en route to Edinburgh. We spent two nights at Days Inn, Hyde Park and were delighted with the place. Though the rooms are small they are great value -- spotlessly clean, well equipped with anything you might need, very friendly staff (a special thanks to Abhinav!), fairly convenient location, and a substantial breakfast with enough vegetarian options. Hyde Park is five mintues away if you want to stretch your legs and breathe deep. I would recommend this to other budget travellers who want a clean place and central location -- Paddington is about 5-7 mins walk even with luggage, conveniently situated for both tube travel and trains. May be too cramped for those travelling with kids, though.	
Mar 23 2009 	Snug but clean with great location!	I was one of several thousand people &quot;stuck&quot; in London during the biggest snowstorm in 20 years the beginning of February. Days Hotel was such a great deal and in a great location for me to spend my two days stranded in London. The staff was extremely kind and very helpful. The 24-hour reception made me feel safe and I was greeted warmly every time I came back, even after a late night West End show. The free breakfast was good (variety of breads, toast, eggs, bacon, beans, yogurt, cheese, fruit, variety of juices, hot cocoa, etc.) and the location in a quiet neighborhood just a 3 minute walk from Paddington Station was perfect. Paddington station has many restaurants as well as two grocery stores which makes eating out and stocking up for the day very convenient. The room was a bit snug. Funny enough I stayed in room 109 of which there is a picture in the photo gallery. For a single traveler like me, it was just fine and fit my minimalist style (no overstuffed, ugly seating that I would never use). When I return to London, I will definitely use this hotel again.	
Feb 13 2009 	Cramped dirty cold shower	Stayed here for one night. Booked a single but was upgraded to a double.The bedding was clean. The carpet was filthy. It couldn't have been vacuumed for a long time and the stairs and public carpets were dirty too.The room was very cramped and I had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the bed, window and wardrobe.There was no hot water in the morning for my shower. And the ensuite was so small that anyone over a UK dress size 12 would struggle to maneouvre.Breakfast seemed ok. I just had toast and tea but there was plenty of food on offer, usual greasy breakfast, yoghurts, bread rolls, apples, toasts and jams etc	
Jan 3 2009 	Excellent value hotel	Great hotel, close to Paddington train and Metro station with convenient bus links to central London. Clean, quiet hotel with a quirky layout (being made up of adjoining houses). Good service, great &quot;full English&quot; breakfast. Recommended.	
Dec 14 2008 	Excellent Location and Value for money!	I chose this hotel for its excellent location next to the Paddington tube station as I was planning to do some shopping and museum browsing in central London.....the price and location combo...made me go for it and I was not disappointed as though I found the rooms slightly small (as it is a london property that was to be expected...) teh rooms were clean and with kettle for tea and coffee and a clean shower room. The only drawback is that they do not have a left luggage facility...will stay again excellent value for money!	
Nov 1 2008 	avoid	we booked into this hotel in person the day before we wanted the room. the man on the desk couldn't speak english very well but he was friendly and he saved me the triple room (which i was not able to view) for my husband and me, our baby(requiring a cot) and a 5 year old, with my credit card. the next day we all turned up to be told he had booked the room for the following night... 2 kids and suitcases in tow this was not what we wanted to hear! After my husband got very angry they said they'd got a family room we could have - it should cost £155 but they'd let us have it for £125.Without much choice we took it. we weren't able to check in until later in the day so we went around london and came back in the wintery pouring rain that evening to find our room was in the basement and it was really a double room with 2 double beds and a single squeezed in. there was no room for anything else, so i had no chance of getting a cot which is what the baby needed. too late and cold to start searching elsewhere we had to make do.The carpet was filthy - the dust was thick on it, along with various sweets that past children had lost, god knows how long they'd been there. i had to hunt around in the dust to pick them up incase my baby found them. the bathroom was clean but needed work to fill in chipped tiles etc. it was the size of a pin and just a tiny shower, no bath. After showering my husband had to get dried in the cramped bedroom there was no room in the bathroom.the view from the window was a pile of rubbish in the stairwell coming straight off sussex gardens which is a very busy road. the security in the room was terrible.the breakfast was okay, run of the mill buffet.we travel a lot and this was certainly the worst accommodation we ever had for the family. If it had been half the price it may have just been acceptable (except the floor dirt) but £155? Don't do it!	
Oct 30 2008 	Very small but okey	This was our first time in London. We did choose this hotel among three others. The reason was that we had got a special offer. So we did read rewievs on tripadvisor. The hotel is located near subway Paddington and there is a couple places to eat at near by. There is local bars, chinese and fast food. It is quite easy to travel from Gatwick to this hotel by train. Staff was okey but we had some problems to communicate with them. It was very small rooms but It was okey. The bathrooms were even smaller. Some rooms are placed near the stairs which means you have to carry your bagage upstais or downstairs. There are rooms that you can't go to by elevator. My parents got a room that was very hard to find behind an unmarked door.In the room there was a safe that didn't work. We talked to the staff and they said that I can't be used. It was hard to get any other answer then that, insted they gave us a second key to the door !The don't have a bagage room insted you have put it behind the bar. It didn't feel safe at all because it was a door that was open and the staff couldn't see the bagage from the reception.Breakfast, you have an english section and some bread, tea, coffee, yoghurt and some apples. Not much if you don't like the english one but I eat a lot of bread, tea and apple. If you have a tight budget you can choose this hotel. If you don't mind the small rooms and small breakfast. Next time I come to London I will choose another hotel.	
Oct 9 2008	Cute 	Cute Hotel!Very Small Room...But that was okay!Private BathroomWell Priced in Comparison to everything else I found. 3 minute walk to train stationnice staff, very helpful!	
Sep 23 2008	Functional not fancy...it's a Days Inn after all	We had originally booked another hotel, but when I found the Days Inn Hyde Park for 85 pounds a night, a savings of over $600 for the week, we decided to take a chance. The location is 2 short blocks from Paddington station. Very convenient. There are a number of restaurants and lively pubs in the area, as well as convenience stores and the ever-present fast food places. Hyde Park is close, for after dinner strolls. Yes, the rooms are small, as they are in an old narrow Victorian building. We had a triple, and there was not a lot of walking room around the beds. From looking at the plan of our floor, though, there did appear to be 2 sizable rooms, which I assume are the quads, or family suites. The bathrooms are extremely tiny as well, which made shaving in the shower somewhat of a challenge. Yes, the walls can be thin, as we found out when our neighbor decided to sleep with the tv on all night. But everything was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, and breakfast was good. We spent very little time in our room anyway. If you are concerned with luxury, you'll want to stay away, but if you want a decent budget-priced place to stay, this hotel should meet your needs.	
Sep 1 2008 	Fairly Positive	This hotel is excellent with regards to location. It is located near two underground lines and has several bus lines running in the area. There are many resturants to choose from nearby and it is within walking distance to just about anything you'd want to see. The staff was helpful and friendly. The breakfast hours were reasonable. Coming from America, there were clear cultural differences regarding what we typically expected in a hotel, (i.e. larger rooms, air conditioning, mints on pillows, etc.) but we were rarely in the room, so it did not matter. Overall, this was a nice little hotel for a fair price.	
Jul 26 2008 	Redefined the "tiny" and the "clean"	We reserved this hotel two months in advance, based on the availability of the rooms for two adults and a youngster (11 years), reviews on Tripadvisor and travel agent search for similar accomodations.The location is great, the area nice, but the hotel itself is sub-standard, even for London. The first room we were shown was basically two beds divided by a 50 cm free space. Needless to say that there is not even a place to put the suitcase, and we have two of those.We asked for a different room, and were given a slightly bigger one, though the so-called double bed was only 120cm wide. There was even a small hall before the bedroom with a door, which we found very important later on. The bathroom was so tiny, that one had to open the door to the hall to be able to wipe oneself. The water in the shower took half an hour to set to a suitable temperature, while the sink tap gave us half-hot half-cold combination, as if there was two different taps.During the 6 nights in this hotel, the vacuum cleaner never appeared in our room at all. The bathroom was cleaned, the towels changed - and this is all. The dust on the carpeting was not cleaned for weeks. And when I called to ask for the new soap container - I was told to go to the reception to fetch it myself.But the last day was the &quot;best&quot; of them all. We left the luggage in the lobby (there is no storage space), and when we came back to fetch it, we found out that there is not even a toilet in the lobby area.I ask you: &quot;Is this the 3 stars?&quot; I won't give them even one star. And all this for 130 pounds a night.I strongly recommend to look elsewhere for a stay, unless you like tight spaces, dusty rooms and bad plumbing.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good location old plumbing	Good location, close to Lancaster Gate, Paddington and Marble Arch. The rooms are small, but OK considering London economic hotels standards. Very clean. Bathroom ok, but we had some issues with the shower. During the morning, we had no hot water in shower for many times, apparently, the plumbing is not sufficient for filling all bathrooms, sometimes we had to wait for 5 minutes, shampooed, for hot water. Good breakfast. Overall good value for money (we paid around GBP 105 per night).	
Jul 22 2008 	Reasonable value nice breakfast	We stayed here for one night and found it to be really nice. Finding decent hotels in London can be a mare but this one turned out fine. The room was a reasonable size although the bathroom was titchy, it was spotlessly clean and freshly decorated. The breakfast was quite good, although no sausage with the cooked breakfast, and you could have as much as you wanted. My only negative was that the sound proofing seemed quite poor in our room anyway, although there wasn't excessive noise from any of the other guests.The location is great, very close to Paddington station, there's lots of pubs and cafe/restaruants around and Hyde Park is just a short walk away.	
Jul 13 2008 	Quant	Lovely, very clean, but small hotel. We had to put our suitcases on our bed when we were up and about. Bathroom was tiny also. But the price and the convenience of this hotel was well worth it. Within an easy 2 minute walk to Paddington Station. Felt safe walking around the neighborhood. We would be out at midnight and up at 530AM too.	
Jun 30 2008 	First Impression	We booked our hotel about a week prior via a website and found such a great deal. However, you get what you pay for. The room was VERY small for two people to move around in and barely room to store large suitcases. The bathroom was also very small but clean. We would most likely stay again however ask for a bigger room. The hotel was very clean and the staff were both helpful and friendly. About an 8min walk from Paddington Station. Same items fo daily breakfast but good to start the day with. Many great pubs and restaurants within walking distance as well as little shops to pick up snacks.	
Jun 21 2008 	Lovley small hotel in Sussex Gardens	Good location, nice hotel! We enjoyed our stay at the hotel, short walk from Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate. Good value for money! This is our hotel in London.......... Good brekfast and service. The rooms was a bit small same with the bathroom, but it was nice and clean.	
Jun 9 2008 	Good Breakfast close to the Tube.	This is a very convenient hotel located north of Hyde Park very close to Paddington station. We were very pleased when at the last minute the hotel staff allowed us to check in a day early. The rooms are small but adequate with decent beds and storage. The bathroom was clean but tiny - I am 6'4&quot; and was able to use it okay - but it is far from roomy. We went to London for the sight seeing and spent very little time in the room. We were excited about the prospect of a full breakfast and that is exactly what we got! The breakfast is good with fresh eggs and bacon every morning. When we were the first down for breakfast they even asked us how we liked our eggs. Other hot drinks, toast, cereal, yogurt, juice, cheese etc...were all provided. We wanted to start each day with full bellies and this was perfect. Nice big space with lots of tables and the news on a large tv etc... very nice breakfast area with good food! I would rate the hotel excellent if the bathrooms were a touch bigger! We would stay again for the price, breakfast, and short walk to the tube! Mind the gap - Paddington station is a great place to catch multiple lines less than 10 minutes from the hotel. Decent restaurant choices near by with a pub on the corner too. We enjoyed the Fish N Chips next to the pub. Everything was lovely.	
May 28 2008 	Stayed for the location	I needed somewhere cheap and with close access to Paddington Station for a couple of nights. The Days Inn fit the bill. I had read the mixed reviews and was expecting worse than what I found. The registration desk area is small, so if more than a few people are checking in it can be crowded. All of the front desk people I delt with were pleasant. I booked a single room for less than $125 a night (VAT incl). Yes the room was small, but I had anticipated that. It was very clean. As mentioned in the last review, the room was overly warm.... ok it was hot. Being on the 3rd floor, it was not a problem to open the window. London street noise puts me to sleep, so it wasn't a problem. Most of the reviews seem pretty accurate. It depends on your expectations. You get what you pay for.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good location poor service and size	Stayed here with my partner for three nights. The location was excellent with Paddington station a few minutes walk away, the room was clean, but unfortunately these factors were really the only positives. Our room was unbearably hot, almost like a sauna. When we complained to reception we were told firstly that they would notify management. When there was no change, we were then told that the heating was controlled generally for the building and not each individual room, and apparently, which we did not believe, other guests had said it was too cold. We were forced to sleep on top of the sheets and with the window open- hardly safe on the ground floor in central London. The room itself was the smallest I have ever stayed in- we mistook the bathroom for a closest it really was so small. We also got the impression that none of the staff fully understood us native speakers as there was definitely a poor standard of English among them, even management. All in all, the location of this hotel was good, but we will probably not return.	
Jan 26 2008	Good hotel overall but I won't go again	I stayed the hotel for 1 night in November 2007 with my mother. I booked a twin room through Last Minute. com. By reading the review of other people, I became sceptical to their booking system so I called up 1 week before the trip. The room booked with my name was a double room. So I asked to change it to a twin room. But when we arrived the hotel, we were told that there was no twin room available becasue one of thier rooms got problem in its bathroom so it all messed up the booking arrangement. And they asked us to stay in a double room but we refused. But they kept saying that there was no other option. So I asked them to cancel the booking and if they can help us to book another hotel or to book a room near Hearhrow airport where we're going to go next day. And here is what they said; 'I'm sorry but I believe all hotels around here are full and we don't have any branch near Heathrow. And the problem is you already paid for the room you booked'. So I raised my voice by anger saying it is not possible. Then they offered two single rooms. They had these rooms from the begining but they pretended they didn't have and tried to make us to stay in a double room! Anyway, we accepted.The rooms were so small. If you have a large suitcase, there is no space to open it. The bed was very small and uncomfortable, too (I am a thin Asian woman FYI). If you don't have much stuff and don't care about beds it may be OK. Hotel in general and the room, bathroom were quite clean and has nice atomosphere. The location is really good and it was quiet at night (I stayed on the 3rd floor). The breakfast was quite good as well. Other than the booking trouble, hotel stuffs are friendly and nice. Taking only the staying experience into account, I enjoyed the hotel and it was a nice hotel to stay. But from the booking problem, I woldn't use the hotel again. Also, it was too expensive (£119/night) for such a small rooms.	
Jan 18 2008 	Very Clean 	Days Inn London Hyde Park is a great hotel if you want to get out and about in London. It is a 3 or 4 minute walk from Paddington station so anywhere on the tube network is easy to get to. My boyfriend and I stayed there in early December and the hotel let us check in a couple of hours earlier than planned and upgraded our room free of charge from a double to a family room.The room and main parts of the hotel were all very clean. The bedding and towels were all very clean and there was plenty of tea, coffee etc available in the room.The breakfast was good and it seemed that hot food was being cooked in smaller batches as apposed to loads being cooked and left under a heat lamp for hours! Overall a good hotel and most importantly, for a London hotel was reasonably priced.	
Dec 4 2007	Horrible	I am afraid I had bad experiences with the hotel. First of all, it is very expensive and it is not worth it. The rooms are tiny, without a table. Staff were rude and useless.Breakfast was horrible and cold.	
Oct 2 2007 	very bad staff	We stayed here for 3 nights there was four girls we found the staff very unhelpfull with very very little English when we asked questions they just strut there shoulders &amp; when u did ask them someting they would speak in there own language smiling &amp; Laughing &amp; left you just standing there so forget about asking directions we where so p****d off that we wanted our money back to go to a different hotel and was told we dont have money here so we can not give it back to you.Then we where given rooms on the 4th floor and the 1st floor when we where there at 8.30am and asked for rooms on the same floor the rooms are so so small and very very basic the shower was a trickel of water coming out and dirty and as for the bar what you get is cans of beer?? it is a good location but that's it. what i would say is retrain your staff in customer service sort out the rooms and get a better bar	
Sep 19 2007 	Smallest double room ever!	Arrived at reception at 2130 hrs after a long flight - two staff on reception desk - one of whom spoke very poor English and had to enlist the help of the other to explain where breakfast was being served. No advice given whatsoever with regard to any other amenities (there did not appear to be any) but passed a sitting area behind reception which looked like a doctors waiting room but obviously served drinks, crisps etc.Our room was the smallest double room I have ever been in - felt completely riped off - this was a single room with a double bed squeezed in! In fact we did not think we would both get in along with our cases and could not lay them flat on the floor. Barely room to squeeze past the bottom of the bed to get to the toilet. En-suite was a joke - was not more that cupboard size and my husband (average build) was unable to dry himself outside the shower due to lack of space. Glass shelf over bathroom sink made washing/shaving almost impossible and whole room was in need of modernisation.Carpet in bedroom was grubby and had iron burn mark. Bed was clean but that was the only redeeming feature of the room.No information in room other than a letter from the manager explaining that modernisation had not been completed in some rooms (and ours was obviously one of them!)Room overlooked Sussex Gardens and there was constant noise throughout the night. Woken early by noise from neighbouring rooms - doors slamming and plumbing - must be a way of improving the soundproofing!Breakfast was buffet 'travel inn' style - served in the basement - which was accessed down a steep narrow marble stairway and was very claustrophobic due to lack of windows. Staff were completely indifferent and unhelpful.This was one of the worst hotels I have stayed in - nothing going for it apart from its convenient location. My advice is - pay a little extra for somewhere else - this was one false economy we will not be repeating.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good Location	We stayed here for one night. The location was great for Hyde Park (Proms in the Park). I agree that the rooms are small but they are very clean and comfortable. Ours was at the back so no traffic noise. The staff were friendly and the breakfast was very good with lots of choice. There are a couple of friendly pubs around the corner. I would definitely stay here again and I think it was good value and the location was perfect for us	
Aug 27 2007 	Great little hotel	Only downside was room was very small -there was no room to put your case on the floor and open it. Other than that, the room was clean, tidy, comfortable and recently renovated. Bathroom compact but fully functional. Breakfast was excellent - buffet style with a huge range of food to suit all tastes. Few minutes walk from Paddington. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great!	We booked just a few days before we arrived and, thank goodness, didn't have to pay the full price. We felt that the full price was a bit much, but the reduced rate was appropriate. The hotel had recently been undergoing standardization, and it shows. The room had fresh paint, was very clean, and has a great location. The room wasn't huge, but European hotels never are. It was cleaned everyday, and it just felt clean. The only complaint I can think of is that while London has recently gone smoke free, I think the people next door to us still smoked in their room, and we could sometimes smell it in our room. The breakfast was great-eggs/ham/sausage/beans/cereal/yogurt/etc. It has some great places to eat close by, expecially the fish and chips place and the kabob place. We would stay here again!	
Aug 6 2007 	mixed experience	First the good points - Great breakfast, great location, room was relatively clean , very small though, now the bad points: very noisy at night, at least our room was. The Staff were civil but not over friendly and seemed to be a bit confused about our internet booking,which is not what you want after paying so much for the room. Overall it's Okay, but next time i visit london, i will try somewhere else.	
Aug 3 2007 	Good loction 	excellent hotel in central London, i have rated the hotel 5 stars if there was more star I will add it.The hotel been recently refurbished, very good size rooms great location very helpful staff, healthy breakfast The guy in the reception &amp; bar (MOHAMED) is very helpful, polite and funny he gave us direction to every where in london. THANK YOU Very MUCH	
Jun 21 2007	Compact	The location of this hotel nearly makes up for all other shortcomings. It’s 5 minutes to a platform at Paddington station. There is a useful selection of local shops, pubs and restaurants nearby. Also a 5-minute walk is Lancaster Gate station on the Central Line, which is often quicker to get to than Paddington. The staff were generally very friendly and helpful. Had to wait a while for check-in as they were busy and were lacking any sense of urgency. They were kind enough to let us check-in early rather than just dumping our bags as I’d planned for.The room (#107) was really too small. If you put a suitcase on the floor you then couldn’t get round the end of the bed. On reflection I should have asked for another room, this was really a single room that they’d squeezed a double bed in to. The upside is it's cheap, modern, very clean and ideal if you just need a bed for the night. I wouldn’t want to spend more than a couple of nights here or plan on spending too much time here between touring.The room was not air-conditioned which for 95% of the time in England is never going to be a problem. On a humid and relatively warm June night it was more annoying and added to the claustrophobic feeling of the room.	
Jun 14 2007	Clean close to Paddington Station good breakfast	We were there for three days in April. We had a room over the lobby, with a view onto Sussex Gardens. The window was huge. You could walk out of it onto a little balcony. I didn't notice air conditioning, but at that time of year we didn't need it. It could get a bit noisy with the traffic outside. We had no problems with check in, and it was nice to have an elevator, small as it was, to bring the suitcases up in. The breakfast room was in the basement, and the breakfast offerings were quite adequate. The rooms were recently refurbished and everything looked clean and well maintained. The front desk help was attentive. The room was small, but apparently that is quite common in the area. I gather that the hotel is comprised of more than one prior residence, so the rooms probably vary widely in size. It is a bit maze-like wending your way around.	
May 23 2007	Mixed Experience	Since my previous review I have been back to this hotel twice:The first time I arrived and had requested a room at the back of the hotel. It was fully booked and I had already been allocated a room at the front. The noise from traffic was really bad and I did not get any sleep. The hotel is on a busy road, which is noisy even during the early hours of the morning.After this experience, I had already booked my second stay. I requested a room at the back of the hotel before I left. The next time I arrived I had room 109. It was on the ground floor at the back and there was no street noise. It was not as small as a room I had once before on the first floor at the back. This may have been an upgrade....It depends what room you get, how your experience will be!	
May 14 2007	Interesting experience	We stayed at this hotel for about 5 days in April and one day in mid may , for catching our flight back to US. The first time we stayed , we were given a room i think #121 . It was small and did not have any facilities other than a coffee maker. The shower was bad - if you stood under it for more than two minutes , the floor would become full since the water drained very slowly. So it is essential that you take your shower within 2 minutes or else jump out and wait for the water to drain before you enter. The second time we stayed we complained about our earlier room and were given a room on the second floor # 209. This was a bigger room , had a refrigerator , iron board. The good thing about the hotel is location. It is very close to Paddington station. Just exit the station and cross the road and walk straight down . I think the hotel is on the third left. The breakfast was good. The staff are not very friendly.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great location!	The best thing about this hotel is the location. Paddington Station is within walking distance. We drug our suitcases from the station to the hotel. We took the metro from Heathrow to the station, but took the Express back to Heathrow. They are both located at the same station. Just having this service is worth staying in the Paddington area.Our first room, #101, was terrible. It is immediately under the lobby, which isn't carpeted. We asked to be moved the next day. We got a better room, too. I told them that no one should be issued a room under the lobby. It should be a storage room!The breakfast was actually good. I booked four nights under my Trip Rewards program and paid for the fifth. We would never pay $200 a night for a hotel like this in the states! With the weak dollar, $200 doesn't buy much!There is a washerette around the corner. Very expensive to do one load. But nice to have if needed.	
Apr 20 2007 	Clean Tiny Room	Had an overnight wait between flights at Heathrow and decided to take Heathrow Express (15 minutes) into town for a quick look around late in the evening. Decided on this hotel because it is only about two blocks from Paddington station and most of the reviews here seemed good. The room was £98, and was INCREDIBLY small. There was almost no floor space to place our luggage or to walk around. There was a small armoire, and I managed to get one piece of luggage inside that, our carry on bags set atop the armoire. It is difficult to imagine spending several days in this room because of the cramped size, but since we were only sleeping overnight and then taking the Heathrow Express back to the airport in the morning, it wasn't a big problem for us. The room was very clean, well decorated, and well maintained. There was only a shower, no bath.After settling into our room, we went downstairs and asked the receptionist about calling us a taxi since I had heard of &quot;bandit&quot; taxis in London and wanted to make certain I didn't get one of those. She called a taxi for us and it arrived after about 10 minutes. The fare to Piccadilly Circus was £20, which seemed incredibly high to me. Later, when we decided to return to the hotel from Piccadilly Circus, we hailed one of the traditional &quot;Black Cabs&quot; and the return fare was only £10. So beware of asking reception to call a taxi for you. I think it's better just to go out on the street and flag down an available Black Cab.Upon return to the hotel, bought a couple of beers at reception to take up to the room, but then discovered the mini refrigerator in our room didn't work. I hurriedly drank the beers before they got warm and went to sleep. Good clean place to sleep for one night, but I wouldn't recommend it for a long stay.	
Apr 16 2007 	Great location perfectly adequate hotel	Days Hotel Hyde Park is in an excellent location, being within five minutes walk of Paddington Station, and fifteen/ twenty minutes walk from Oxford Street. I travelled from Heathrow to Paddington on the Heathrow Express-a service that I highly recommend. There is a stop for the Big Bus Tour just around the corner, from the hotel, on London Street, which is very convenient, and the Bus Tour is very good. The hotel itself is perfectly adequate for a short break in London. The rooms are equipped with all the usual- tea/ coffee making facilities, ironing board and hairdryer. Although the hotel is described as being newly renovated, it does need some attention in relation to ongoing maintenance. My initial impression of the staff was not good, I wondered if the staff I first met, at reception, were actually at all suited to the 'hospitality industry', as they were unwelcoming and unfriendly to the point of being rude. I was not given even the smallest bit of information one would expect -for example, the location of the breakfast room, or times when breakfast was served. Thankfully, the other staff members I encountered after this unpromising start were friendly and pleasant. The breakfasts are good, with a plentiful selection of hot and cold foods, including Cadburys Cream Eggs!The bar area is tiny, and if you are not a smoker, you will not stay there for very long!In summary, this hotel is perfectly adequate, and in a great location, with plenty of shops, restaurants and bars nearby.	
Mar 17 2007 	Not a great place...	The hotel's interior was fairly pleasant. However, our non-smoking room was tiny, even by European standards, and smelled like smoke. In addition, the housekeeper failed to clean our room on the first day that we stayed there. Also, the front desk neglected to give us an extremely important message that was left for us from the States. (We found this out when we returned home.)So, in summary, the hotel is decent to stay in, but the service leaves A LOT to be desired. For the price, which, although not exhorbitant, is substantial, I would have appreciated a bit better service.I think that we'll stay somewhere else on our next visit to London.	
Mar 3 2007	Very nice for the price the ask!	First impression when I entered the room was... - it's small. The second one was - it's VERY clear. Honestly, I really thought that a room could have been larger than what they offer, but I guess spaciousness is a problem for any of London hotels, unless it's a 5-stars hotel. However, when I've spent there 2 days (I've been staying there for 5), I have figured out that for the price they ask it is merely one of the best choices. Arguments are: the room (No 106) was very clear - I honestly have never seen a clearer room than this one: probably this is purely thanks to the fact the hotel is newly repaired - even the windows (what is seldom) were new and clear. Second, - the staff is very friendly and is always ready to assist. Third, the hotel itself, including how clean and new it is, how it is furnished, how the breakfast is served (and what is served), how it is situated (less than 1 minute to Paddington station, though on a quiet street), defenitely deserve a 3-stars rating. Forth, I've been there in February and the place itself (Sussex Gardens street) was very good - it was green and all over the streets there was lots of cherry trees covered with flowers. The room I've been living in, was not that large however (2-3 square meters more would be very nice), but it was absolutely enough for one whose main goal is exploring London, and who is spending only nights in his room. All in all, I am giving them 3 stars with no single doubt. Will defenitely stay here during my next trip to London. PS. There's LOTS of hotels on the same street - basically the whole street consists of hotels (this is defenitely more than you can find over Inet), but none of them outside looks that new as this one. PPS. On the foto you can see the room shot right from the door - it looks however larger than it is in reality due to this is a stitched panorama foto: the room is around 3.5x3.5 meters large and has a shower/lavatory of 1x2.5 meters.	
Jan 21 2007	the best we found in paddington	Only 4 minutes walk from paddington when we arrived it was more than we expected for the rate we were quoted which was 89 for a double and included a full English Buffet in the morning.The rooms had everything that we needed plasma screen, bath tub, wireless network, fridge, safe and most importantly our big comfortable bed. The staff catered to all our needs and were very friendly told us where all the hot spots in town was the good restaurants, the clubs and the sites. I do highly recommend this hotel and whenever i return to London i will be staying here for sure.	
Jan 4 2007 	Just the right place for a short London stay	Super- fitted the bill- great relaxed atmosphere- great location- helpful staff- great value, nice area, all in all great really.	
Nov 6 2006 	A pleasant stay.	We arrived on 1st Nov for 3 nights. First impressions were great, a nice clean reception and staff were very pleasant. We booked a family room for 3, the room was a bit small but it was clean and functional. flat screen TV, tea &amp; coffee facilities, WC with Shower &amp; hairdryer, we had a rear room so there was no street noise. Breakfast was self-service, english and continental breakfast and plenty of it and very enjoyable. The Hotel is ideally located 3-5mins walk from Paddington station, the L ondon BIg Bus stop was just around the corner (for those who enjoy the tour bus)The Days Hotel is an ideal place to stay for a shortbreak holiday, we would definitely stay there again but not for more than 3 nights.	
Oct 28 2006 	Better than expected...	Arrived in London without a room, bargained among a few of the Sussex Gardens hotels, and wound up here. Perfectly adequate for my purposes. Staff was friendly and room was clean and decently appointed for this level (dryer, pants iron, flat screen TV, wireless internet). Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Small room but clean and functional	We had selected this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and also based on price, which was reasonable for London and the location, which was great. The room we were in was small, but clean and comfortable, as was the en-suite. The road the hotel is located on was busy but our room didn't face the road so we weren't bothered by traffic noise. The only complaint we would have was the staff. When we arrived we were ignored for about 10 minutes while the receptionist answered several phone calls. He then directed all his conversation towards my husband, even though it was me who had made the booking and who's name was on the booking form, which I found very rude. Overall though our one night stay was comfortable in a well located hotel with a clean and modern environment.	
Sep 27 2006 	Very good clean hotel with friendly staff	We really enjoyed our stay here, the spotlessly clean and stylishly decorated reception area was a really good first impression of the hotel (the fresh flowers were an especially nice touch). The rooms were nice and modern with very comfortable beds and good facilities. We stayed on a b&amp;b basis and there was a very varied choice of good food on offer at breakfast time. The only bad thing (although I personally wasn't bothered by it) was the noise of the traffic as, if you are in one of the rooms at the front of the hotel like we were, you will be very near the main road. However, I'm sure this could be rectified on booking by asking for a room that's nearer the back of the hotel. I would definitely stay here and again wouldn't hesitate to recommended it.	
Jul 26 2006 	Exceeded our expectations	As first-timers to London, we had no basis for comparison but we were very pleased with the facilities and staff at Days Hotel London Hyde Park. We booked 3 nights on-line based on availability and comments like this (with only 2 weeks lead time). The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were beautiful in the renovated rooms. Impressive breakfast buffet. Yes, the traffic noise on Sussex Gardens was a problem because we had to keep the window wide open during some of the hottest summer days in London's history. Our 3rd night, when a 3rd person was joining us, we needed to change rooms and requested to be placed in the back. We were given a large family suite on 1st floor whose window opened to an interior dead-air space, so it was quiet but hot and stuffy. Maybe other back rooms are better? Any other time of year, we think our stay would have been flawless. Paddington Station and variety of restarants were close by.	
Jul 23 2006 	Rooms small but adequate	Very convenient hotel if you travel to London via Heathrow airport. Just 5 mins of walking from the Paddington Station (linked to Heathrow by 15-min express train).Rooms are really small (I stayed in a single room) but adequate if you need a room just to sleep. Renovation is fine, no leaking taps, everything is clean, flat screen TV with basic satellite channels like CNN. Some French, Greek and strangely Cyprus channels too. PayTV.Got a room with a full English breakfast for 80 British pounds, think it is a bargain for central London.Lancaster Gate Tube station on the Central Line is 5-7 min walk, very convenient if you want to travel to Oxford Street or within the downtown. Otherwise may walk to Paddington to take other Tube lines.Breakfast is excellent, selfserved, they even offered fresh strawberries with cream :-)Rooms facing the Success Gardens are of course noisy because of traffic, rooms facing internal yard are much better, however, absolutely no view. There are five rooms in the basement where the view is on the feet of pedestrians.Staff is friendly, first offered me a room facing the street, when I refused, changed it to an internal yard one. Also, 24-hour desk is a plus as many hotels on Success Gardens have no reception at night.There was a safe in the room operated by four batteries. One was missing. I tried to insert my own batteries but presumably the safe was permanently broken as it did not open. I did not ask reception to fix it, just didn't need it.WiFI internet is 10 British pounds per 24h, but works only on the ground floor, however, all rooms have network sockets, and the reception offers network cables free of charge.Again, bargain if only you are not claustrophobic.	
Jul 22 2006	Reasonable budget hotel	Days Hotel is situated about 2 minutes walk from Paddington station (mainline and underground services). About a 20 minute walk to central London (Oxford Street).The hotel had a nice feel to it for the budget traveller but we were allocated a small room just off the reception area - no A/C and very little air (to be fair, it was at the height of a heatwave).One other negative point: the hotel advertises free parking on Expedia but in fact the hotel charges 10 pounds per day.Very clean, seemingly newly-renovated, and reasonable value by London standards.	
Jul 19 2006 	Loud in the city		
Jul 10 2006	Marshmallow mattresses window wind-ups		
Jul 4 2006	Uncomfortably hot!		
Jun 21 2006	Excellent value will stay again		
May 28 2006	Good hotel near Hyde Park		
May 24 2006	Very pleasant		
Apr 19 2006	Had an enjoyable stay.		
Apr 19 2006	Always staying at Days Hotel Hyde Park		
Apr 15 2006	Great value!		
Apr 10 2006	Fantastic location and value!		
Oct 4 2009 	Hotel delizioso! Da consigliare!		
Sep 30 2009 	Bon plan demander chambre sur cour		
Jul 16 2009 	Sopra alla media londinese		
Jun 29 2009 	tres bon rapport qualite prix		
Dec 3 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Dec 31 2007	Está bastante bien		
