	QUIET LOCATION BUT CLOSE TO LOCAL ATTRACTIONS	We expected the room to be very small after reading reviews but found our double room to be of an adequate size and very clean and modern. The reception staff were helpful but some of them did not speak overly good english. We did not eat in the hotel but could have booked breakfast for £15 each, but ate round the corner in a lovely cafe for half the price. We were dissapointed at how far away the west end was and were advised by the hotel staff that getting the bus or using the tube would involve quite a journey so therefore booked a taxi through the hotel which cost £16 there and we had to use a black cab coming back which was £26!!! The hotel was close to 2 tubes and a bus stop which took you into Oxford Street and Knightsbridge in next to no time. We walked into Bayswater for an evening meal which was only 10 minutes walk away and found there was plenty to do. We would definatley stay at this hotel again if we were going for a shopping weekend but would probably look for a hotel closer to the west end if we were going to the theatre. The only downside to the hotel was that it advertised a bar but there is not one and you can not even order a glass of wine whilst waiting for taxi etc.	
Nov 17 2009 	Enjoyable experience	On arrival found we had been up graded to a Club Room No 103. Although not spacious it was more than adequate for our needs. Overall, the room was well decorated, very clean, with a modern bathroom. The staff were courteous and friendly. The choice at breakfast, we felt, was very good.The Bayswater Tube station is a 2 min walk away. Plenty of choice for eating out within walking distance.	
Nov 14 2009 	Not impressed	Firstly the website is a nightmare - ended up writing the address down for the Shaftesbury Hyde Park - not the Shaftesbury Hyde Park International. Ok - my own fault but very weird having 2 hotels in the same chain called such similar things.The room was dated and naff looking... The bed was comfy and everything adequate but just not great. I have stayed in similar priced hotels (by booking deals on last minute.com) which have been FAR better. Close to the tube though.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good Location	2 minutes from Bayswater tube and about 4 from Queensway. Check-in quick and curtious. Room very nice but small but what do you expect - it's London. Breakfast excellent. All staff were very polite.	
Nov 3 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	From 29 October to 1 November 2009 I stayed in the Shaftesbury on Surrey Gardens in room 315. In over 30 years of traveling I have never been to such a hotel lacking in every area in London. Yes I have stayed in the Savoy and hotels of the same level as well as hotels where the room left you thinking you were in Karachi, from the smell and English, but than the price was not even 10% of the Savoy. My room rate for a single was 89,= pounds per night.But considering the pretensions and cost of the Shaftesbury this remains in my experience (and memory) the worst. The journey to this hotel began with the booking if you plan to arrive on the 31st of the month and depart in the following month where there are fewer days it recquires a backward attempt to make and confirm the reservation. Because I was to meet with a potential partner in a new business venture who suggested this hotel I agreed to stay there. With regards to a number of enquires to the hotel to request a room on the same floor via both e.Mail and telephone were never replied to before arrival. (We were on separate floors)Departing from the Lancaster Gate tube station I realized the map that I printed out from the web site link was for a different Shaftesbury Hotel. Upon arrival at the front desk the staff was at best indifferent. Upon arriving in my room I was in utter disbelief and shock. I have cruised on friends sailing boats of between 14 to 24 meters and I have seen larger cabins and heads (bathrooms). To get to past the narrow desk next to the bed to the bathroom recquired a careful foot placement. Any one that was overweight would be extremely hard pressed to move about in the room. Further while the room uses the credit card key system to turn on the lights the units contact was either damaged or worn out. In order to keep the lights on had to take a tissue and roll it up placing it between the key and wall so that contact was maintained and you had electrical current in your room.Downstairs I tried to explain this to the front desk but the interest was indifference. Further the manager who could deal with a complaint was only available in the early morning.After going out for the night and returning I went to bed after fidgeting with the lights. Once in bed I realized that in fact the floor was sloopping and one felt as if you were in a berth as the vessel was sailing, heeling over.In any event at 7:30 the road works commenced (they will be finished in June 2010) and after being reviving I went to have breakfast. I admit the English breakfast is not appealing to me. But even to my eye the pickings looked thin - six plates with overcooked bacon slices &amp; sausages, rubbery looking eggs and baked beans and some mushrooms. When I showed my card to the staff who could not find my name on the breakfast list they were outright rude and said that I had to get a confirmation. I explained that I was the customer and they could go up stairs and figure out the discrepancy.In any event eventualy I received some coffee, after tasting it I suspect this is why the English dislike coffee - it was warm brown tap water.Returning to the room I took a shower one must plan this carefully because of the size of the room and bathroom. The shower had a dual head and when one was finished one received and additional cold shower from the other shower head.The next day during breakfast when I had tea which occoured during a rainstorm I witness the ceiling leaking on a table. Because the eating area was in the basement it was perplexing again the staff showed they could care less. Regarding the area of Surrey Gardens Hyde Park Corner there are few reasonable places to eat beyond what one could call standard fare. There was one coffee shop just behind the hotel that provided decent coffee and a reasonable croissant.Respectfully AvHdB	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location...but tiny deluxe double room !!!	The position of this hotel is absolutely great, being one street away from the Bayswater Tube as well as many supermarkets, souvenir shops, restaurants, cafes etc etc. Just great. It was walking distance to Kensington gardens and palace and hyde park.On the down side was the size of the Deluxe Double Room. We had 2 large suitcases and hand luggage and we could not fit. I have never stayed in a room that has the double bed pushed hard up against a wall ( until now ! ) and still - no space. We asked if we could upgrade to a Club room but they were all booked up.I would not stay in the deluxe room if I had known it's size. I suppose it's ok for a businessman with an overnight bag - that's a different story. Just not for tourists with luggage.However, the room was very clean, so was the bathroom and very modern.The room had tea and coffee making facilities, but no fridge. It did have an ironingboard propped up against a wall that was taking up valuable space. The TV had cable channels but there was no sound on these channels. When we asked for someone to look at it, they did but just shrugged their shoulders....OK, we are out sightseeing , anyway .We ate at nearby Kalamaris Greek Restaurant and at Bella Italian Italian Restaurant and both were good.We did not have the breakfast at the hotal and prefered to go out to a nearby cafe.The reception staff were very polite , friendly and helpful and there was free internet in the foyer.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice hotel good location.	I was looking for a hotel close to attractions but in a calm neighborhood. This hotel is perfect, you have 1 bus station just in front and 2 metro lines 5 minutes walking. You can easily be in Oxford street in 10 minutes. One block from the hotel there is a street full of stores, restaurants and supermarkets that Open until late at night. About the hotel, everybody was friendly and ready to help. Our room was a club room (bigger than standard) and was better than I expected, no view but very comfortable and clean. I would definitively stay here again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent hotel but chaving point not working!	Tube station only abotu 100 metres away. The room was clean and modern. The shaving point had no power - I was told most rooms in the hotel don't have a working shaver point. Excellent location and excellext value for money. I skipped breakfast and got something &quot;on the hoof&quot; from local shop.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Hotel for short stay	We stayed here for 8 days the first time and then 6 days (a week later). We found the staff to be very helpfull and proffesional.The breakfast was excellent and was included with our internet booked price.The location was 100 meters from 1 tube stop and 250 meters from another. It is only 200 meters from a bus stop and Hyde Park.The rooms were always clean (a little smaller than we were use to with 2 suitcases) but still acceptable.The staff were helpfull and willing to oblige if at all possible.Good internet access that is free.	
Sep 8 2009 	Friendly and helpful staff great value on-line deals and a superb location!	We booked on-line and couldn't believe what a great deal we could get from a hotel in Bayswater. I made a mistake in part of my booking but the staff couldn't have been more helpful in sorting it out. The staff were incredibly efficient but not overpowering. If extras were needed they appeared within 2 minutes. The situation was perfect. We lived in London some years ago but never really explored the area like a tourist. During the day we could walk around Kensington Gardens/palace; Hyde Park; Green Park and visit so many of the attractions London is famous for. When we got tired we got on a bus or tube and used &quot;Oyster Cards&quot; to travel around (great value and you just top them up as and when you want). If you hve money remaining on the card at the end of your visit you can keep them for next time or donate to charity. In the evenings Queensway ( 2 minute walk from hotel) was thronging! The whole place was very vibrant and friendly. Shops opened until very late and so did the many restaurants which represented so many cuisines. Our favourite was a Lebanese restaurant. Delicious! The city is a lovely walk or short tube ride away. The rooms were small but had extra amenities like a microwave, a frige, and an ironing board and iron. We could have done with some information about the hotel facilities. We only found the lounge and fitness centre on our 3rd day. We had breakfast every morning ( very sustantial) but I don't think there was another dining room...we didn't need it because we had the microwave and excellent restaurants on Queensway.Considering what we paid we got a real bargain and would definitely go back there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Very nice hotel if you can get a discounted price	I booked to stay at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park International hotel 24 hours before travelling. Because of this I was lucky enough to get a &quot;last minute&quot; price. The room I stayed in is normally £395 per night but I managed to find a deal that meant I only paid £55 for the room. I was very happy with the hotel considering I only paid £55 but I would have been very upset if I had paid full price for the same room. The hotel is in a good location being a 2 minute walk from Bayswater underground station (literally). It is very nicely decorated with modern fixtures and fittings and the staff were very friendly. Our room (412) had everything we could have wanted from air conditioning, iron and ironing board and tea and coffee making facilities. The downfall of our room however was that it was very small. This maybe due to the lift shaft being in our room! Not only did this reduce the size of the room but we could also hear the lift everytime it was used. Although it was not very loud it would easily wake a light sleeper. All-in-all I would definately stay in this hotel again although I would not pay anywhere near the normal price of £395 and I would recommend it to friends.	
Aug 27 2009 	Pleasantly surprised - enjoyed stay	I only stayed the one night at this hotel, and had booked the deluxe double room, however when I stepped into the room, which was actually reasonably spacious, I wondered why that was. Turned out I had been upgraded and put into a club room, so I felt like I had a bargain.Room had twin beds pushed together, but that just meant more space to lie about on, TV was a nice size, with all the channels anyone really needs. Tea and coffee, with a refridgerator, microwave and cutlery were provided, and thought it a very nice touch to have a vase of fresh carnations on the desk.The reception area was lovely and clean and the smell of fresh flowers there was pleasing. The check-in/check-out was fast and efficient and staff were all very friendly and pleasant. Payment for the room was upfront, which I prefer to be honest.All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to book here again, possibly paying a little extra to stay in a club room again. I felt very much at home there.I was on the 2nd floor, and understood what some reviews say about the runble of the train, but it was very quiet and unobtrusive.The bayswater area is excellent for a variety of different shops and places to eat, and close to the tube station, so can't go wrong staying here for a weekend away for a bit of rest and relaxation.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very Nice Experience	I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay in the centre of London. It was a couple of minutes walk from Hyde Park and Kensington Palace. It was close to lots of restaurants and perfect for the London Underground as Bayswater and Queensway are both within a stones throw. The hotel itself was very modern and hasn't been open that long so in very high decorative order. The rooms are a little small but this is to be expected in London, the bathroom was perfect and the bed was very comfortable also had flat screen TV which was very nice! I would also recommend the full English breakfast which was great, the eggs had been sitting there for a bit but we asked the staff if they could cook some more which was not a problem and then had some lovely freshly cooked runny eggs. The staff were also brilliant. We ordered a cake for our arrival which was a gorgeous chocolate cake I was very happy! The only problem was that the fridge in our room was not working but they were happy to keep my cake for me in the fridge in the restaurant kitchen.I also found that the hotels own website was a better deal than any other lastminute.com type websites.We will definitely go back to the Shaftesbury Hyde Park International when we stay in London again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Decent place but small rooms	We traveled as a group of four and got two rooms. Boy are we glad we did because the rooms we got were miniscule. There was barely enough space to walk around in the rooms. I honestly can't remember staying in a hotel with such small rooms. That said, everything in the room was just fine. The rooms had nice widescreen TVs on the wall, with comfy beds and a nice coffeemaker in the room. The bathroom had a very nice walk-in shower, which we also appreciated. There also was a mini fridge to keep cold bottled water and stuff.Location was ideal. Two tube stations were right around the corner from the hotel, and there were dozens of restaurants quite closeby, along with drug stores, markets and other crucial amenities. We thought this hotel was an ideal place to stay for people like us who mostly spent time in the city and away from the hotel. Since we mostly slept in the room, the size didn't matter that much to us.	
Aug 3 2009 	nice experience	i think i had a nice experience with this hotel and its staff members , all were quite helpfull and polite. room was small but was adequate, facilities in room were ok.breakfast was ok i guess. i would recommend to visit again but i dont think it will be suitable for families with babies or kiddies.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent!	We only stayed for one night, but the hotel is very modern and quiet. The room we stayed in was a Deluxe Double room, it was quite small but it had everything you needed. The only &quot;fault&quot; would be the odd rumble of the tube every now and then, but we werent in our room for the that as we were sight-seeing. The room and bath room was very clean. I would definately return to this hotel next time I stay over night in London. The staff were very friendly and it was a relaxed atomsphere throughout the hotel. The hotel is about 40-30 minute walk from Regent Street, but the tube is quicker, the Bayswater tube line is only over the road from the hotel, and so are a few shops and resturants, which is really convient. Also right on Hyde Parks door step!Overall, I highly recomended this hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Suprisingly good hotel - we will be back!	The rooms where clean, and the staff were polite and helpfull to any requests we had. Food are often bad in Londons hotels, but not her - the breakfast are excellent, one on the best I have seen among the hotels in the Bayswater district. ( Been to ten different hotels here before.) The atmosphere in the hotel are relaxed, and the area are quiet with little disturbing traffic - though you may here the subway. I recommend you as a guest to ask for rooms in the third or fourth floor. There were fresh flowers in the rooms every day, as in the dining room and reseption. In the reseption I personally felt the flowers to be to dominating in smell, the odour was very strong - probably good in somes opionon! Over all, a very nice hotel which I can highly recommend - I will for sure live there when I go back to London! This was great!Per Georg Johansen/ Norway	
Jun 16 2009 	Second chance for Shaftsbury Hyde Park?	If you have read my previous review I had a terrible initial experience with this hotel. However, on 11th June after almost one month of complaining I was pleased and relieved to receive a full refund and an email apology from the hotel Manager.I am posting this review as despite my initial bad experience they have made an effort to compensate me for all the inconvenience caused.In addition the hotel have offered me a reduced nights stay in a club room with some perks, so am seriously considering giving this hotel a second chance. I shall keep you posted. I have marked as average and would recommend as although my experience has improved by response from the hotel I have not yet stayed there so cannot in all honestly give a higher rating.	
Jun 16 2009 	It was very comfortable stay	Good hotel, Great and friendly staff, good service, good value for money	
May 28 2009 	perfect situation for exploring the capital from arrival in paddington	half-term booking thru' online booking group, might have been cheaper through the hotel's own website. Welcoming staff accommadated our luggage before we could officially book in and we went out for the day. The receptionist, manager and doorman deserve credit for their friendly and helpful manner.The rooms were small but clean and newly appointed with comfortable beds. It was very hot but airconditioning worked. I was dimly aware of the tube trains before midnight but they didn't wake me up in the morning.the hotel is situated very conveniently for the tube. we walked there from paddington but tubed back. There are a number of local shops and cafes. we took the family to a very friendly small cafe across the road from the hotel for breakfast.It is the friendliest, smartest cheap hotel I've stayed at with plenty to recommend it for convenience.If I could change anything it would be to make it cooler. The rooms were too small to spend any time in.	
Feb 15 2009 	Double De-Luxe ....Not!!	Room in our opinion was one of the smallest we'd stayed in. Suspect it was usually used as a single. No double light over bed, only one lamp on one side. Couldn't open the wardrobe door fully because the bed was up against it! Lift was out of order so had to walk up four floors. Doesn't deserve four star status.This was only a one night stopover for us (wouldn't have liked to stay any longer).	
Feb 9 2009 	Good value for money	Well situated, close to both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. Loads of restaurants within 2mins. We were upgraded to their `club' room, which although fairly compact are very well decorated. The lift was being refurbished so we had a steep climb to the 3rd floor. Didn't stay for breakfast as the prices quoted seem pretty high. You can always get a decent full English breakfast in London for about £5 per head. We booked through laterooms.com and got a double for £65. Couple in front of us at reception paid £128...need to shop around	
Jan 31 2009 	Nice Cheap Hotel Good location	Booked through the Shaftesbury Hotel website and paid 59 pounds for the room with breakfast for two people. I also joined the Shaftesbury rewards program at the same time.Easy checkin, and was upgraded to a Club room for free. Was told that the hotel had undergone recent refurbishment (it did look very nice) and the lift was out of action. Nice comforatable bed, and excellent flat screen tv, although there were a few stray hairs on the floor of the bathroom.Went to breakfast late into the serving and it was a little cold, even though it was under a heat lamp. Congealed fat... not good when hung over, but good all the same, if only I was hungry. There was the typical english breakfast fare, bacon, sausages, hard on top scrambled eggs, cold ham and cheese, plus pastries and fruit juices, coffee, tea etc. Good selection considering it was included in the price of the room, but probably would have been better if we went earlierWent back to room and slept through check time, ended up checking out two hours late, but not a problem for them.Only issue, the hotel is directly above the underground tube line, meaning that sometimes you can feel the train passing underneath, not obtrusive, rather calming actually.Overall very impressed for the price and the location (only one minute from Bayswater tube station).	
Jan 16 2009 	great hotel	i don`t think this hotel deserves the reviews it gets from some travellers, me and my boyfriend found this hotel great and got it really cheap using booking.com. the location is super, just a few minutes from bayswater underground and near a lot of great places to eat. yes, the rooms are a bit small, but you don`t go to london to stay in your room. the lift was not working during our stay, but even though we stayed at the third floor this was not any problem. the staff is really friendly and the decor of the rooms is beautiful. we would definitely go here again.	
Jan 9 2009	Perfect for our needs!	We booked this Hotel very last minute through Hotel Website and got a great deal, First impressions were very good - a minute from Bayswater, relaxing, calm interior reception, spotlessly clean room.we were upgraded to a club room, had our own balcony! Nice decor and a Nice small bathroom.Breakfast was very good, Although my room was on the 1st floor there was absolutely no noise from the road outside.The Reception Staff and concierge was extremely helpful.The property has the added asset of being less than Two minutes walk from Queensway and Bayswater Underground Station.Overall I found My Stay Pleasant.	
Jan 8 2009 	looks good on the surface...	This chain is good for nice-finish fixtures and fittings such as plasma tv, clean modern bathrooms and soft furnishings - usually at a competitve price. The problem is their rooms are nearly always tiny and they obviously don't invest much in the installation and maintenance of - well anything! On a previous stay at another hotel in this chain I got locked out of my room overnight when the card-lock on my door failed (I was provided with another room but no access to my belongings until 10am the next morning!). This time everything seemed to be running smoothly (except my room being up a windy staircase on the 3rd floor and the lift not working..) until the a.m when no running water was available throughout the hotel and we were told it would not be fixed before check-out. We were provided with a taxi to another hotel to shower - but its takes all the pleasure and convenience out of staying in a hotel when you have to pack and get dressed and leave before you can even clean your teeth or flush the loo! I wrote and complained - but nobody replied...	
Jan 6 2009 	Crap !!!	Stayed during new year 2009 for 7 daysBooked hotel via booking.com with no problem even though still cheaper through hotel web page.This way continental breakfast only, but later confirmed with hotel full english breakfast will be served.Arrived earlier (12.00) and friendly hotel staff arranged our room aprox 45 mins later, but still earlier then check in time (14.00).Except mainly friendly staff nothing much positive could say about this hotel. Even gone for higher prize that will ensure good room, size of Club double room - unbelievable!!! Went down to reception to confirm is this single room. Unfortunately we already paid and it was New year period so not much choice remained. It can be understood size of room for London this area but 4* should be indication of overall quality and size.HOW they get it I don't know.Club double room is 2.5 x 3 m, plus toilet of some 3.5-4 sq.m .We were in room 205 that was quite compering to rooms near stairwell due to door (105, 201,etc...) Must say all new, even stylish (toilet) but miniature.Bed length very short so my legs were hanging out even I am just 1.83. Room desk as per picture - with notebook on, nothing else there.Elevator in front of door / fortunately :) out of order. Nothing in room bar for whole 6 days. Safe box inoperative and not fixed taking half of space in wardrobe.Collected dirt on ventilation at toilet even just 3 weeks since opening. On New year day no water in hotel whole morning.4 * Hotel should provide bottled water for flushing toilet at least, but nothing.Other days very poor water pressure even just on 2nd of 4 floors.Restaurant is its own story. In the basement connected by wooden (scary) stairs. Offer - Literally: 6 slices of ham, 6 slices of 1 type (cheep) cheese, scrambled eggs, mushrooms,boiled eggs, some pastry, a bit of fruit and pretty much that was it. If two or three people at same time need to wait for replenishment. Best of all, 2nd day have to warn staff that yogurts are 4 DAYS EXPIRED already.And so on,and so on. What a mistake even reception guy said we have one of best rooms in hotel. 4* ??? This should be 2 or 3 * max hotel.Coming from touristic country for sure know what I am talking. No need to say hotel screwed our vacation in London.Stay away!	
Dec 17 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Pros: Very nicely decorated, plasma screen, all expected room amenities (including both British &amp; European plug sockets). Fantastic shower!Very pleasant residential location, with independent shops and bars near by. Easy reach of tube (Queensway or Bayswater) and bus links.Massively discounted rate booked online!Cons: Sash windows don't block out the noise from the street.Several hotels down the same street so expect various revellers coming home at all hours. This is not central London, although it is Zone 1 so keep in mind that a taxi ride from, say Shoreditch to the hotel will cost around £20-£30. Tube is about 20 minutes to St Paul's Cathedral.Room was very small, but expected in London and the point is you go out and enjoy yourself in one of the best cities in the world.Would I recommend this to my best friend, depends on their reason for stay! I spent one night in a double room on my own, checked in at 1am which was fine. But, not sure about a longer trip shared with a partner - it might be a little cramped.	
Dec 6 2008 	a long walk	This is the hotel at 52 - 55 inverness street and not to be confused with number 1 in the same street. The hotel is newly refurbished and comfortable although the rooms are very small - no hairdryer - TV control - and the view was out onto a cement wall.The really irritating point was that on the web it shows the nearest tube as being Paddington - it is not and in fact is at least a half mile walk.I even phoned the hotel to ask and their central reservations still insisted it was Paddington - it is not but is in fact Bayswater, less than 2 minutes out of the front of the hotel!Have a great stay!!	
Nov 15 2009 	Bien comunicado y con preciosas habitaciones inglesas		
Aug 21 2009 	Super Hotel für Städtereisen		
Aug 17 2009 	Buon albergo vicino ai mezzi ma con camere piccole.		
Apr 4 2009 	éviter		
