	Cheap Clean Good location	Very basic but clean accommodation 3 mins from Tube station.Friendly staff.Did not try breakfast - however it was included in price.	
Nov 23 2009 	An OK Stay	No frills to the rooms, but fair value - especially for Camden. Handy for the Tube, Camden markets &amp; Roundhouse. Breakfast good, room ok, bathroom far too small. Its overpriced - but so is almost every other hotel in London.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent for a budget hotel	I'm a seasoned budget traveller, so i research well for a decent and cheap place.When it comes to London, you're not going to get much better than this for such a low price.I paid about £60/night (which is cheap in London), and stayed in room 204.Big room, big bathroom. both clean.it does face the busy pub across the street, but as with most pubs, it winds down at midnight and is quiet. if you're an early sleeper, this is not for you.Many free wifi accesspoints to tap into, but my room also had a network cable.TV with 5 basic channels.breakfast was served, but I didn't have it when Camden high street is outside you're front door.there is no lift...so you're hiking up stairs if u have a lot of luggage.but if you're looking for a place to crash, easy access to central london...this is perfect	
Sep 19 2009 	Good hotel close to underground and Camden.	We stay for 4 nights and is was a okay hotel. We first get a room, with bad smell af someone had smoke there, we ask for another room a get one on 2floor. 206. Perfekt.Nice little room,little bad but okay. We didnt have hot water for two days, but the owner was nice and he will give us 10% of the price,but we have already pay. So next time,there will be a next time he will give us 20% of the price. The service was good and the breakfast is top of the pop if you like full english breakfast,my partner do. :-) Yes there are a pub on the other side of the road,but it is London and in the middle of Camden. Undergroundstation Chalk Farm is two minutes away from the hotel and there are only 53 steps to the platform from the street :-)Yes i will recommend this hotel for friends and other.We will stay there again on our next trip to London.	
Aug 22 2009 	A compromise between a great location and basic facilities.	This was the first time i had visited Camden, so i wanted somewhere not only central but also reasonably priced. A quick search on google came up with the Camden Lock Hotel, so i booked it via the hotel's own website. In hindsight i could have probably found it cheaper elsewhere but i'll come to that later.The hotel itself was functional, with everything that needed to be there, but not a lot else. There was a small seating area near the reception desk which also doubled up as the location for breakfast in the mornings, but no seperate bar. Check in was very straight forward, and the member of staff who served us was friendly and helpful.The rooms were basic but comfortable, although slightly on the small side. There was a TV, a desk and chair, two beds, tea making set, and nothing else. No fridge, safe, or sofa, for example, so not really any good for relaxing. As we were only there for one night it wasn't much of a problem, but i probably wouldn't consider staying there for more than a couple of nights. The bathroom was a reasonable size, although our shower didn't get anywhere near the heat we set it too. Even with the dial at 50c it was nothing more than luke warm. Not a major problem and something that could hopefully be fixed quickly, it was only a small annoyance to us because of our short stay.The inclusive breakfast was one of the best parts of our stay. It was advertised as continental but it had nearly all the bits and pieces to make a cooked breakfast, as well as cereals, and toast. And it looked as if you could eat as much as you want, as it was all self service.There weren't any negatives to our stay, and the only area where the hotel loses marks are in what i see as slightly poor value for money. The cost of the room was £79 per night, and whilst i appreciate that is good value for a centrally located hotel, i still expected a bit more in the way of facilities both in the room and the hotel as a whole. Also a bit of decoration to give the hotel a bit of character wouldn't go amiss.Overall, i would probably stay there again but mainly for the location, and i would probably recommend it to friends and family, but not whole heartedly.	
Aug 22 2009 	So Impressed!!!!	Myself and my friend have had so many bad experiences with budget London Hotels - we havent got the money to pay big bucks to stay in plush places so we were delighted to find the Camden Lock Hotel! Not only is it opposite the Chalk Farm tube station which avoid luggins heavy luggage around, but its clean, modern and the staff were so friendly and helpful! We are so pleased to have found this little gem in our favourite place to visit in London - Highly recommend staying here if you are just looking for somewhere basic to have a comfortable nights sleep without having to pay through the nose but dont want to have to doss in a flea ridden hellhole! We will be returning very shortly!! :)	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent Value!	It's pretty hard to find a good value hotel in London for £79, so we were delighted to find one which was.Primarily we chose this hotel because we were seeing 'a-ha' at the Roundhouse opposite. The hotel is so near that you can practically see your room from the venue!The room was a good size, with a flat-screen digital TV with Freeview (I've not seen this in more expensive hotels), a good shower, and a comfy bed. The only disadvantage to the room we had was that it was dead opposite a pub, which can get noisy.The area is &quot;lively&quot;. There's a good kebab takeaway a few doors down and a decent pub across the road. The hotel is a very short walking distance from Chalk Farm Hotel Underground Station and is on a main bus route into Central London.We didn't have breakfast as we woke up too late, but this didn't matter as nearby Camden Market is highly recommended where you can get good food from almost every corner of the globe.One thing to watch is that there's a sneaky £3.50 charge if you want to pay by credit card. We also didn't see a lift, so if you're carrying heavy bags you might want to ask for a ground floor room. Other than that, the staff and hotel were excellent.	
Jun 10 2009 	Camden Lock Hotel has had a makeover!	Second time here for me. Again for a gig in Camden. I have no problems with this hotel- for the price and location you understand. Once I had checked in and walked to my room it was obvious to me that the hotel had had a makeover. New carpet, painted walls and railings. Even my single room had been redecorated with new curtains and double glazing! I was over the kebab shop (try a mixed grill for £6.50 for a guilty treat) and slept thrpugh the night. Breakfast as usual was OK for the price.	
May 12 2009 	Stay well clear of the single room....	I stayed in this hotel for one Saturday night to attend a wedding - as it was summer, I wish I'd just wandered the streets for the night. I had been warned that it could be noisey (a late opening pub on one side, and a club on the other) and had very low expectations. What I didn't realise is that, after 2am, everyone from the local bars heads to the all-night kebab shop underneath the rooms overlooking the street until -oh - 6/7am? Nightmare! I reckon the youth hostel would be a better bet for budget - as at least your paying less than half the price for not getting any sleep. And I was even quite drunk. And I had ear-plugs.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location Basic Hotel	I regularly stay in this hotel for business purposes. It is clean, accessible at all hours and on a great location. However, rooms are basic (Sky DTV is available!) and so is breakfast.	
Mar 23 2009 	Rubbish!	Hmmm, well the hotel is nothing to look at from the outside - great location for Camden, going to Roundhouse etc. Arrived and hotel is tired and unkempt. Staff not particularly attentive. We had to ask for an iron - this is a no frills hotel. Hot water was intermittent, if there at all - we complained and later received a £15 refund for this. It wasn't dirty, but didn't have a very clean feel about the place, I would only stay here again if there was nowhere else!	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect location for The Roundhouse	The Camden Lock Hotel is not impressive on first glance, in fact the thought &quot;What have I done&quot; sprang to mind but when you walk into the lobby you start to feel at ease. The worn stair carpet can be a bit off putting but the room is very very clean. It is a little bit basic, no airs and graces but it has a comfortable bed with a flat screen tv. The bathroom was a very small but it had a working shower and did the job it was meant to do. The view was of The Roundhouse, in fact from the bar we could see the window of our room. The fast food shop underneath was noisey but hidden in the back was a remarkably good jazz cafe that I would go to again. All in all I will use this hotel everytime I come to the Roundhouse, in fact I would use it more often that that for overnight trips to London.	
Nov 21 2008 	Fab for the price...	Don't be put off by the worn stair carpet that's the first thing you see upon entry---it gets much better!Our room (105) was roomy and clean, with comfy beds, tea/coffee, T.V., dressing table &amp; clothes hangers.The shower room/toilet were very clean , and the shower was very easy to use (always appreciated!). What's more, breakfast is buffet-style, so you can choose what you want, (and how much!!) .The staff are very friendly, and even looked after our luggage on departure day, saving us left-luggage charges.  We'll definately re-visit...	
Oct 13 2008 	Cheap Adequate but perilous shower in 111!	Booking simple&amp; easy via Active Hotels. Excellent price, and so handy for Camden. Clean n tidy room -although stairs and comunal areas in disrepair , wobbly floorboards and some dirty stains on landings.Few coat hangers, no chair, no Freeview only terrestrial, no towel rail nor bin in the bedroom - but they arent exactly essential.However a shower is essential -and no matter how long it ran or how many different settings I tried the shower in room 111 only had SCALDING hot water...I have scaleded my scalp as I had to wash my hair.So its ok but not room 111! I stayed in another room there a couple of years ago and the shower was fine.	
Sep 7 2008 	Cheap cheerful and central!	Myself and a few friends all booked rooms at this hotel on a Friday night as we had tickets to Ash perform at the Roundhouse. The hotel was perfect for us. It is literally just over the road from the Roundhouse, approximately 10 mins walk up to Camden market and there are a few good reasonable places to eat. We had dinner at a Belgian restauarant nearby which was fairly cheap and good food. The pub just opposite the hotel the enterprise was great. really lovely atmosphere and great DJ (Sue)- seem to remember dancing around to sound of music songs at around 1am- very random! We were up for a night out and went to bed around 2am so didn't have any trouble with noise. The rooms were small but clean and at the end of the day exactly what we wee needing. We paid £68 for the double room which for it's location was great!	
Aug 18 2008 	Best value in Camden by far	This is a great place to stay if needing to be in central Camden. We opted for the upgrade and the room was very nice and a decent size for London.It is noisy in Camden so you need to expect that outside the hotel and the breakfast buffet isn't particularly great, but the hotel is quiet and if you need a good value place to stay in NW1... go for it!	
Jun 8 2008 	Good hotel	This hotel was great. The staff was helpful, the room was clean, it was in a pretty good location, and there is free wifi in the lobby. You can't beat the price for what you get, though the bathroom is quite small. I would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great location!	The hotel is a great location and easy to find. Can be seen from the Chalk Farm tube station. Easy walking distance of Camden shops. Have stayed at the hotel twice, and not been disappointed. Its basic, but I have always found it to be clean, and hospitable. I have never had a problem with noise at night. A taxi from Victoria station is approximately £15. Have stayed in 3rd floor rooms both times, and not had a problem, except the lack of lift. Shower was sadly absolutely rubbish this time - worse than a dripping tap... Recommend for overnight stays but not any longer!	
Feb 3 2008	Cheap an good location	We stayed at this B &amp;B as we were due to see Morrissey at the Roundhouse. After reading the reviews we were pleasently surprised.The room was clean and had all the expected amenities, even freeview! The staff were okay, they were I think Greek therefore the English wasn't that good but they were pleasent enough. The location is brilliant. Opposite a tube station and surrounded by Bars and restuarants. It is a lively area and there was some noise at night but if you want peace and quiet go to the countryside not London.We would definatly stay here again when we go to London as for the money it was excellent value!	
Jan 9 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location. It is just minutes from the Chalk Farm station and the excellent Camden markets are in walking distance. The rooms are clean and modern and the staff were quite pleasent. The breakfast is a buffet with full english, toast and cornflakes. The only problem we had with this hotel was the noise, at night it was very loud outside and our room was facing a large billboard that had bright lights which our curtains didnt block out at all so the room was very bright at night. However for a budget hotel in London this is great, the price and breakfast is very good and its in an excellent location. I would go back to this hotel if I was on a budget but if not I would try book a more comfertable hotel in this area.	
Nov 17 2007 	i love the camden lock hotel	Lovely hotel, i can't believe how nice and cheap it is. Definitely i will be back. The room was clean and comfortable. I cannot believe the nonsense i read sometimes.....The breakfast was great, the staff were helpful and friendly. Very close to the camden market and it didn't break my bank!!!!	
Sep 27 2007 	Disgraceful!	Firstly id like to say that I don’t feel safe in the hotel or the area that I’m staying in.I entered the hotel and was greeted by “what do you want?” I felt like I interrupted a mafia’s party or something…Picture 1 – shows my fire alarm which has so nicely been decorated by a carrier bag, I wonder is it works and if there was an actual fire in the building would I survive and get outPicture 2 – has some beautiful hanging live wires fro the wallPicture 3 – shows the immaculately clean toilet... “I think they need to invest in some domestos”Picture 4 – some lovely mould in the toiletPicture 5 - again domestos comes to mind. The shower floor was so dirty that I had to stand on a clean towel this morning in order to have a showerPicture 6 – our good old mould friend on the tiles againPicture 7 – im supposed to have a “clean” shower from thisPicture 8 – I asked for an ironing board. Nice rust and a whole on the board is really going to make me iron my clothesPicture 9 – the amount of fly’s, mosquitos and other insects in this place made me feel as if I’m living in the jungle Picture 10 – Nice TapI’m trying to make a joke out of this as much as possible in order to keep me sane but this accommodation is ridiculous. My university accommodation was much better than this. I can’t believe I have to stay in a place like this	
Sep 6 2007 	cheap and central	My expectations were quite low as I know what London standards are for inexpensive accomadations, and I have to say for the price, location, and cleaniness I would stay again. The rooms were equiped with the basics, tv, phone, ensuite bathrooms. The showers and beds were clean and comfortable. The staff friendly, and helpful. Nearby is the underground as well as good restaurants. My only complaint would be the noisy pub across the way, but they do close at some point. Overall I was quite surprised with this little find, and I would stay again.	
Jun 25 2007 	Good Basic Hotel	Just booked my second stay in the Camden Lock for next weekend. I went with a friend last Oct and was impressed by the location, breakfast (except the time of it! Too early!) and the overall good price. I'd reccomend it. Like others have said, it's a little shabby but clean enough and if all you want is a bed for a night or two then its perfect!	
May 14 2007 	Ok overall	my experience was similar to other reviews.does not look enticing as you approach it, bit tatty and worn down - more like a hostel. Location is ok - next to chalk farm, and 20 mins to main stations. it is opposite a noisy bar - actually quite nice bar, good music and atmosphere.room was small, but manageable and the stairwell was grubby - but what do you expect for 56 quid a night in london. the whole decor in the place felt very 60/70's - could definately do with a quick refurb. or even a lick of paint.bathroom was tiny and im a big fella - but managed just about - the fan in bathroom made some funny noises, but wasnt that bad.best thing is a decent breakfast in morning - is buffet and has cereal, breads, fried stuff, toast jam etc....staff were ok. neither particularly helpful nor rude...all in all it is an ok hotel - not by any means a luxury standard. but ok if you just need a room for the night whilst sightseeing in london. it is a bit shabby though - so if you like your comforts and are really picky dont bother coz you'll just be dissapointed.	
Apr 18 2007 	Pleasant Surprise	Hotel was a pleasant surprise, expected usual London standards and this hotel was a LOT better than I hoped for. Next to a busy (noisy) pub but Camden (central) walkable and I'd recommend it highly. Breakfast times are early during the week but finish at 1000hrs on the weekend, all taken in a rather bland room but it was a reasonably varied &amp; hot self service selection, and as much as you like. Great location for couples and if used as a base absolutely spot-on. Don't be put off by outside photos, rooms were clean and sheets changed daily.	
Feb 26 2007 	Good clean basic hotel	My girlfriend and I booked this as we where going to a party in Camden Town. For £64 including a full english breakfast you cant go wrong. Its clean and basic but what more do you need when your out all day and just need a bed when you get back. 24 hr reception and location is spot on. Off the tube at Chalk Farm and its across the road. 10 min walk into Camden town and 20 mins to Euston station by foot.If we where to go back for a weekend, you cant beat it for value and location.	
Oct 17 2006 	Fairly noisy in room 207	Hey stayed two nights in room 207 on the main road so abit noisy, my friend was in 206, a much bigger roomand tucked around the corner. the hotel was basic but hey its only £64 for a double room,location is excellent,near the buzz and some very good restaurants.staff friendly enough,and clean...Note of warning dont leave cars unnattended in this street...ours got broken in to....they made a helluva mess.	
Feb 7 2006	Good budget hotel	The Hotel is in a great location, just five minutes walk from Camden market and bars etc. Yes, the hotel was basic, but the rooms were clean, the staff were very friendly and this is a great hotel if you're on a budget.	
Oct 30 2005 	Hated the camden lock hotel	The rooms are tiny, fairly clean but very hot.Mould in the showers and bathroom.It was very noisy (mainly traffic and a loud party in the kebab shop next door which lasted most of the night)The corridors are dirty, the carpets and stairways filthy.The breakfast is very basic and not appetising.The dining area leaves a lot to be desired ( grotty with a hole in the roof)I will not be staying there again.	
Dec 21 2004	I thought it was a crack den at first	Where do I start? It was Horrible, it was dirty, falling apart at the seams. The room was tiny, which I can Live with but the brown stains on the walls and what look to be high heal scrape marks up the wall I couldn't. I found the staff there to be very nice though, always there when needed, very helpfull. The location I agree is very good, it's accross the road from Chalk Farm Undergroung station and up the road from Camden market, but all this doesn't make up for the sheer horror that was the rooms. In my opinion go stay some where else.	
Nov 6 2004	Nice hotel yeah.	I quite enjoyed my six night stay at Camden Lock Hotel.An average hotel, however the staff there, especially Peter the manager, are much more than average: they are helpful and kind. What more does one want?The level of cleanliness is quite high - there is peace and relative quiet in the rooms. The room itself is comfortable, the beds etc ... and the bathrooms have brand new shower units and quite spacious, to the point of being quasi-luxurious!It is a hotel you feel good coming back to, tired, in the evening.And it's also one minute away from basic amenities, such as Chalk Farm underground station.	
Oct 19 2009	non andateci!		
Aug 7 2009 	Grandios		
Apr 14 2009 	Emplacement idéal et excellent rapport qualité/prix		
May 8 2007 	Piacevole sorpresa.		
