Nov 4 2009 	great budget accommodation	really enjoyed the ace hotel, good location close to west kensington tube (less than 5 minute walk, on a main line), quiet as away from main roads, however not much in west kensington (which was fine for us because we were in the city every night!)free breakfast from 0730 to 0900 which was basic but filling (cereal and toast), can eat as much as you like. great lounge downstairs to watch tv and meet ppl, bar with cheap drinks and snacks, cheap internet and free wireless if you have your own computer. vending machines for late night snacks, laundry with dryers, backyard with bbq and hot tub and 24 hours reception (all you could need!)rooms were small but comfy, bunk beds squeeked but were comfortable however small flat pillows, safe in room, heater and opening windows. rooms and bathrooms were clean, only bad thing was water temperature was only luke warm in the mornings when everyone was using them! over all a great stay and i would definately go back!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Hostel Stay here	Close proximity to the tube, and Tesco which is an English chain of grocery stores. Clean rooms and bedding, helpful staff, there is a BBQ to use for cooking your own food in a nice garden, theres a hot tub you can use for 2 pounds a day, well worth it. Theres a bar for some drinks if your inclined. It was quiet, a good place to bring your family or to come as a couple. All and all it was a great spot to stay and very affordable. Keep in mind this is a hostel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good People Good Friends	I stayed at the Ace Hotel in Kensington for 6 nights between July 29, 2009 to August 5, 2009. For the price, it is a great place to stay. I felt safe, comfortable, and met people from all over the world. I found most the staff to be very pleasant and helpful...ESPECIALLY BENNY!! I met a lot of people just sitting outside in the garden or @ the bar. I would recommend buying an adaptor if needed from the hotel (5 GBP) because I brought my own and it blew out right away. All my roommates seemed to go to sleep early, I was the late one. Everyone was respectful though and tries their best to be quiet in the morning and night. The first 4 nights I was in a 4 bed female only dorm and the last 2 nights I was in a 6 bed mixed dorm.	
Jul 19 2009 	Served its Purpose would stay again	Stopped in London for an overnight on my way back home to the States from visiting a significant other. Check-In was easy, got a 4-bed room we shared with two pleasant girls from Australia staying there for 3 weeks. Didn't use the bar, but it looked fun and the garden was a nice touch. Room and public areas clean and well-kept. Breakfast was adequate and everyone seemed in good spirits, though those serving it could have been friendlier. Dined at a Thai place down the street, very good. Location wasn't ideal, but it was a comfortable place to stay at a reasonable (for London) price.	
Jul 18 2009 	OK for a Budget but let down by a few things	The Ace Hotel is in a good location between Baron's Court and West Kensington Tube Stations. Stayed in a twin room which was quite small but as only 30pppn can't complain. The Room had bunk beds a TV (Very Poor Reception) a sink a safe to store valubles and Tea and Coffee Making Facilities.The things that let this place down and will stop me staying there again was it was very hot and when I booked it said there would be a fan in the rooms, however when i asked for a fan I was told they do not provide them making sleeping quite uncomfortable. Also the 1st day I went for breakfast they had run out of milk, when i asked if they had some more i was told it had finished for the day!!! i got to breakfast at 8am and it finished at 9 so was not that late.If they made a few adjustments this would be a nice place to stay in London on a budget	
Jul 11 2009 	Nice simple place.	Ace Hotel is located quite ideally: it's not too far from the city center, but the West Kensington is very nice and quiet neighbourhood.The hotel has been renovated recently and it has a fresh look to it. The room was clean, but the public shower was next door, and the noise from the pump was annoying when people showered late. The breakfast was very simple, but that's okay considering the price. All the doors opened with a key card, including exterior and corridor doors, which was quite awkward.All in all the hotel is great for people travelling on a low budget because the Ace Hotel offers contemporary and very affordable acommodation in a good location.	
Jun 20 2009 	comfortable stay pleasant place to spend an evening	This hostel has comfortable beds in clean rooms. I was upgraded from an 8 bed to a 4 bed. Found my bed was unmade but was rectified immediatly upon request. The bar is a great place to spend an evening with comfy chairs and happy hour before 7. The large garden is well maintained and well lit. A good place for groups to gather in the evening. It is a very well maintained hostel, the public areas give the impression of a smart, individual hotel. The area is safe and within short distance of the tube and shops.	
May 30 2009 	OK	I stayed at the Ace Hotel for two nights in May 2009. It was my second ever hostel experience and it was ok. The only things I disliked was that they have only mixed dorms and that breakfast was served only until 9 am. Check-out is also quite early, at 10 am. Ace Hotel is clean, quite comfortable and location is quite good. West Kensington seems to be a safe area. They served only toast and cereal for breakfast but it was just fine for me. They do charge for using the computer and towel hiring was quite costly in my opinion. So hidden costs do exist in this place. Otherwise my stay was ok and Ace hotel was probably better than a budget hotel for a solo traveller.	
Jan 12 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	For the price we paid this place was great! My boyfriend and I booked a double private room so we had a little more privacy than one typically would have in a hostel.The room had its own sink, shelving for clothes, television, doors leading out to backyard area, and tea/coffee maker. It was extremely clean and quiet and we enjoyed our stay there. The breakfast was good, but could leave you wanting more after a few days of the same thing. (Coffee/Tea, Cereal, Milk, Pastries)Area was good, not a long walk to the tube and shops and cafes nearby. It was nice because there was little traffic noise outside because of the neighborhood-like area. The downstairs had internet/computer area, vending machines, phone, games, magazines, brochures, a bar for drinks and snacks, television...it was really nice. For young adult travelers (like us) drinking and watching tv would be a fun time, especially meeting new people your age. There is a backyard area with a hot tub and picnic tables that would probably be a lot of fun in the warmer months.Definitely worth the price paid! If you're going to stay in a hostel, pick this one, it is definitely the best hostel I have ever stayed in.	
Dec 9 2008 	It was nice but not perfect	We (my boyfriend and me) left this hotel only a couple of days ago. Mostly we liked it: friendly staff, clean room, good location. I had been afraid that all hotels in London had only very very small rooms... In Ace hotel of course our room isn't large but ok. The bathroom is clean and comfortable... but shower has so noisy boiler for hot water what is above our room. That's why every time when somebody wanted to have shower (and the first one wanted to do this in 6.30 am) we were waken up by awful noisy sounds of working boiler. In result we were able to sleep only in break between taking shower of other people. I didn't like breakfast: diner room is too small for having braekfast of such amount of people. There weren't even enough coffee mugs and somebody had to expect free and clean cups. When we saw this we changed our mind to have breakfast there. But any way if when we are going to London we have little money we will stay in this hotel	
Dec 1 2008 	Will not return	This hotel is very dirty especially the toilets and bathrooms. The bedsheets are also dirty.Rooms are really small. I will never return to this hostel. Photos on the internet are very deceiving.	
Oct 28 2008 	better than a hotel	i stayed i this hostel in august, I went to visit london. I found this place betten than other hotels. everything was very clean, particularly the garden (spectacular at night) and the common areas. the staff was very helpful even if you didn't speak english very well. it was 5 minutes away from 2 tube statons: west kensigton (district line) ad baros court (district and piccadilly lines).I reccomend this hostel to everybody...	
Oct 12 2008 	nice place....terrible staff	to be honest it is a nice hostel in a nice location but the staff were very unfriendly and even rude...for the money you can find better places with nicer people.... no parking either and meter parking outside is very exspensive	
Oct 3 2008 	This is the best hostel in London	I was there with my girlfriend for 4 nights and we got a twin room (the double was way to expensive compared to the twin because of the ensuite facilities).First of all the location: Gunterstone Road is outside the centre, in West Kensington and it's a nice residential place. It's in the middle between West Kensington and Baron's Court tube stations, which are both just 5 minutes far: the first features a nice pub outside where to have a last beer or a meal. Even though Ace Hotel is located a bit outside, it's easy to return also at late night (after the tube closes) as bus number 9 brings you to Kensington (Olympia) and then you can either take another bus to West Kensington tube station or walk 7-10 minutes (we always chose the latter option).Now to the hotel: it immediately felt relaxing, with the giant Connect 4 where you can play (it's a bit noisy when you put the giant coins in, but nobody really bothers. ;-)). The corridors, with all the steep stairs, were just delicious (but you'll have to be fit if you bag is heavy :-)). The room was compact but very clean (the whole hostel was very clean!), and although it had no bathroom it featured a sink. The shared bathroom was near and almost always empty, as were the showers, so it was very handy to use.The staff was very helpful, even though (like others noted here on TripAdvisor) they're sometimes a bit serious. They're not rude at all, but maybe it feels they're too &quot;professional&quot; for a hostel - but they're always way better than the &quot;very nice but useless&quot; found in other hostels.The breakfast is basic but OK. I had it a couple of times and then decided to use Starbucks: I go to the UK every now and then and there are no Starbucks shops in Italy, so I like to go to them. ;-)All in all: STAY HERE, it's inexpensive and it'll be a good experience!	
Sep 16 2008 	Clean comfortable and cheap	This was my first stay in a hostel on my travels (me and my friend booked 2 beds in a 6-bed dorm), and I was pleasantly surprised. The hostel uses key cards and is spotlessly clean. The bathroom is very basic, but the shower worked fine. The bunk beds are actually very comfortable, and the area is quiet. We spent the days in the city and only returned to the hostel to sleep, and the place was perfect for this - close to 2 tube lines and safe (we - two young women - had no problem returning to Ace just after midnight). There were lockers in the room, but they were pretty small. The breakfast was alright for the money we paid - small cakes, butter and jam, plenty of tea and coffee, etc.If I traveled to London and had to stay in a hostel again (and with the prices, I probably will...), I would be glad to return to Ace.	
Jun 5 2008	We had a private room	Due to the dollar being double the rate of the British pound, I thought we'd try out a hostel for the first time in my travels. I give this hostel an above average rating because overall, they do provide a lot of ammenities. The common areas were roomy with a pool table, lounges and games, internet for less than anywhere else, soda and snack machines, a bar that offered nachos (!) and other things near the tv room with very modern tv (there's one in the breakfast room too), leafy green patio with trampoline and spa, laundry room open 10a-11pm, movie night, and tea is available in your room. We had a private double room with ensuite bath. The bathroom was American-sized, not tiny at all, but no shelf near the sink to keep your toothbrush, etc, so we used the window ledge instead. We wanted twin beds but I was surprised to see bunk beds. I am in my 40's and was traveling with my mom who is in near 70. It was not a problem other than there was no place for me to sort through my luggage, I could not throw it on the top bunk and there was no place other than the floor to set it. A chair in the room would be super helpful, to hold the luggage or just watch the TV from. When we arrioved, a staff member was kind enough to offer to take our luggage upstairs for us! Thank you Asian guy! Maybe he did it because I was dripping sweat when we showed up-- the underground is a ways down the road. Hammersmith college is nearby but this was definetaly a residential neighborhood, very quiet.	
Mar 11 2008 	Good hostel off the beaten path	We stayed here for four nights upon first arriving in London. Since we were on a budget and are relatively young we had decided to stay in a hostel for part of our visit. We had a 4 bed room which we shared with two others. The place was clean, the staff was nice and the breakfast was good as long as you got there nice and early. Also the Tube was a just a short 5 minute walk away. Overall we were pleased with our stay and it fulfilled our primary need as a place to sleep after a long day of touring the city.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great place for anyone on a budget	I stayed here with my husband for 3 nights about a week before Christmas. Great location close to the tube. Our private en suite room with bunk beds was very clean and quiet. Bathroom was spotless. Bar and rec area and gardens are all lovely (and we are fairly hard to please!)	
Dec 28 2007 	Clean facilities great location unfriendly staff	Just finished a stay at the ACE Hotel, this was my second stay at this hotel. In May 2006 stayed with a friend and loved it! Great location (walking distance to High Street Kensington and Earl's Court) and close to the tube. The rooms were clean and staff friendly.Stayed the second time during Christmas (2007), booked it because I had such a great experience the first time. The facility is still extremely clean which is always nice, and again in a fantastic location. Although with this stay the service was much less friendly then I had remembered. The staff seemed bothered when you asked them questions, and were not overly friendly the day of Christmas either. Not all staff are unfriendly, a select few were nice enough, but those who were not were just plain rude. When we come back to London next year, we will look for different accommodations. I would pay more for friendlier service.	
Oct 30 2007 	Pretty good for our first time in London	This was our first accommodation point in London. We found it to be clean, welcoming and pleasant - but the rooms were quite small, but didn't really do anything in them except sleep!It is in close proximity to the tube (both District and Piccadilly Lines), and while there wasn't actually a proper kitchen or meal service, it was really close to good pubs, cafes and restaurants.We stayed for 2 weeks, and it was a very popular place. Some of the other guests weren't so pleasant, but you can't blame the hostel!	
Sep 18 2007 	a good hotel if you are watching the budget	Overall this was a decent place to stay. It's very close to the district line and the picadilly line (about 5 to 10 minutes walk). The price was fair and the hostel (it's a hostel and not a hotel as the name leads to believe) was clean. The surroundings are also nice with a garden at the back of the hotel that makes it possible to sit outside in the (very scarce) Londen sunshine. However a few minor issues were present. The beds were not comfortable at all, it was more like sleeping in a hammock than in a bed and there was one pillow a person. When asking for an extra pillow this was not possible (strangely enough). Of course this could be due to the fact that the staff speak almost no English and have a hard time understanding what you are saying :). The breakfast was the weakest point of the hostel. The coffee and juice were instant and the muffins were almost indigestible. A plus is that there is a place nearby that serves a decent breakfast for a good price. Overall: if you can be happy with the basics and you want a place that is close to public transport this is the hostel for you. If you have a little more cash to spare and you want a little luxury you will not be satisfied.	
Aug 27 2007 	Never Again!	The description of hostels on this site 'more fun and more interaction at a lower cost' does not apply to this Hostel. This is the worst place I've stayed at in a long time. The staff is very serious always frowning and are not welcoming (they treat everyone as if it was a youth detention centre, as a 28 year old I did not like this one bit) I had serious intolerable trouble with the room I was staying in and they were extremely reluctant to change it I had to literally negotiate with the receptionist and say I would otherwise stay on the couch downstairs. The hostel was half empty I didn't get what the problem was. (I wanted to speak to the manager but it was late he wasnt there) I noticed that the personel working there are quite afraid of the manager for some reason. It was finally accepted after I paid an extra 2 pounds. Anyway they heard my story the next morning and gave my 2 pounds back. Besides this the hostel bar closes at 11 ( you are not allowed your own drinks) we were sitting in the tv room and around 12.00-12.30 on a Saturday night we were asked to go back to our rooms as they were closing up. This place is far from the city centre and in a residential area, it would be impossible to get back if we went out. This is strange as it claims to be a fun hostel with hot tub, pool table and funky bar - this place is serious (creepy) and reminds me of a morgue extremely quiet (people were whispering in the room at 3pm) I felt very uncomfortable and out of place the whole time. Its not a welcoming warm place more military style dorm. The whole hostel has a weird smell to it and the basement room I stayed in smelled very damp. ( I dont know the exact term) Breakfast is from 7-9 am with sweet croissants, scones, jam and cornflakes. I thought I would go into a sugar coma. Overall the rooms and hostel are quite clean. If you want a really quiet place just to sleep it may be ideal for you. I wanted to be out of there so quick I just packed and left without even brushing my teeth. There are better hostels for this price like Meininger.	
Aug 27 2007 	Never Again	This place sucked. The bar was all right, the other visitors/guests were nice and friendly, but the rooms were ridiculously small. The staff (blonde woman manager) could not have been more of a bi*** if she tried. I would recommend staying elsewhere, or at least closer to the center of the city. There is really nothing nearby this place. Plus, you can find more hostels in better locations elsewhere throughout London.	
Jul 19 2007 	It's a hostel with cold unfriendly staff	The bed was comfy and sheets were clean. It's in a quiet suburb. This is not a hotel as it 'appeared' online, it's a hostel. Located 10 minutes walk from the tube station; not ideal if you were to stay out late on weekends because you 'd have to come back by taxi; not walking distance from city centre or nightlife areas. Although the room we stayed in was clean, but the shower needed a good clean. There were molds on the walls which was considerably unhygienic. The worst would have been the attitude of the staff. I can't speak for all of them, but at least the 4 out of 5 whom I've met were unwelcoming, unfriendly and unhelpful. All they want is for you to pay up and get the keys to your room. Unlike other hostels, they are reluctant to provide other information including transportations and tourist info. I supposed because they were so cold, not many people hang around the common areas and you'd find the pool table and tv areas under utilised because who wants to be around such members of staff? Doubt you could enjoy yourself in their presence. Last thing you need is to be accompanied by unwelcoming and abrupt staffs in a youth hostel. Breakfast was okay. There were signs in the dining area specifying 'ONLY ONE item per person'; when all they were serving was mini boxes of cereals, juice and tea. Food gone weren't replenished in time. Also, if you decided to stay, choose first floor because there aren't any lifts and you aren't suppose to drag your luggage because it may be 'too noisy'; only choice is to lift them up all the way; so remember to choose only first floor or ground floor. Would try other hostels next time, and only go to Ace Hostel if desperate.	
Jul 16 2007	Loved the Ace Hotel- Excellent	I loved staying at the Ace Hotel, as it was clean, fun, organized, safe. Me and my Mom stayed there and the management was very accomodating. The breakfast was great. I have never seen a more clean and fun hostel in all of Europe. It had pool tables, video games, internet (cheap), bar, georgous patio in the back for partying, laundry, safety with card keys. I never expected these in a hostel either. It was like a safe haven and I would definitely stay there again. I met cool people from all over the world and everybody was positive and having a good time. No complaints at all! : )	
Apr 24 2007 	Great time at ace	I booked two nights at the ace a while ago so I was a bit worried when I saw the last few posts - particularly about the rats. However everything turned out to be fine.Pretty much all the good things about this place are said in other reviews. The reception, bar, garden, internet room are all great. The staff were really welcoming and helpful. It's close to west kensington and barons court tubes and on a nice quiet street. It's a lot cleaner and better maintained than some budget London hotels I've staying in that charge 4/5 times the price. The breakfast was fine. On the downsides - we were in a twin room on the third floor and there's no lift - this was fine for the first night but after running the marathon it's not so hot. For twin read bunk beds which didn't really bother us but it might put some people off. We were right next to a shower/toilet which was pretty noisy as the walls are paper thin and the beds are really creaky. This is nothing that a good pair of ear plugs won't cure and for £52 for the pair of us per night I ain't complaining. I will definitely be staying here again.	
Apr 16 2007	Ace was great except for the rats	The Ace was a very nice welcoming hostel. Our beds were made for us already, which was nice. We had the spacious 4-bed ensuite private room. The shower was amazing and it was on a nice quiet street not too far from a tube station. During the night though, we were woken up by the scampering of rats in the ceiling and walls. Considering all the buildings are connected though, I doubt if they could have fixed the problem if the rest of the entire block didn't. Don't let that stop you from staying here if you need a clean, budget hostel. The breakfast was filling and all our needs were taken care of. Besides the rats, everything else was just fine.	
Feb 20 2007 	Dangerously undertrained	My brother and i stayed here this weekend. In the middle of the night my brother woke extremely sick and distressed and reception refused to ring an ambulance for me, insisting i use the payphone in the hallway. I've since been in contact with the GM who admitted they were wrong not to call an ambulance but insisted they would not accept &quot;blame&quot; or give a refund.	
Feb 1 2007	Be very careful	If you are booking a group, be very careful. I spoke to the GM directly to enquire availability. I was advised it was fine and we agreed that I would send through an immediate e-mail to hold an option on the space.The next day, the GM advised that the space was no longer available, despite the booking being some 3 months ahead and me having sent my e-mail immediately - something she did not deny.I sense some sort of hidden agenda and will certainly never work with such a dishonest practice, however good or well run the premises.	
Jan 24 2007 	Value for money in pleasant surrounds	The Ace Hotel is exceptional value for London.A friend and I stayed here early September at the start of a big UK/Europe trip and found it one of the most comfortable places we stayed in.From West Kensington tube station, a 5 minute walk bought us to Ace Hotel, which is situated in a pleasant residential London street. Despite its peaceful location, the hotel is very nearby to West Kensi tube station as well as several bus routes. The room was surprisingly spacious, although we had a twin room, which meant bunk beds, so it might be different for people in double rooms. However, the beds were incredibly comfortable!Our room was well equipped with a small wardrobe, basin and mirror, and television, and all were in good working order. We also had a lovely view down onto the courtyard below, which was quite a nice place to sit and relax in.The shared shower and toilet cubicles were a little squishy, but you expect that in London. The showers were hot and strong, so that is the main thing! We were however, woken up in the middle of the night by people having showers at around 1am as our room must have shared a wall with the hot water system - it was bloody noisy! But so long as you don't have people having showers at weird times of the day its okay!Staff were professional, however we were a little annoyed at one girl's directions to the post office. She made it sound like it was 5 minutes away, but we ended up walking for about 40 minutes, then following another lady who was going there, and getting the bus back to the hotel!!There are laundry facilities which was handy, and breakfast is included. The breakfast from what I remember now was cereal however we did smell toast one morning but think we got there too late for it!The bar was fairly tame while we were there, and wasn't really conducive to meeting other travellers, but it is a nice place where I would have felt comfortable on my own if I was travelling solo.All in all, Ace Hotel is a great option for those on a low-middling budget, who want a few creature comforts thrown in!	
Jan 5 2007 	An ACE Place to stay!!!	Ace is an absolutely amazing hostel and I will definitely be staying there the next time I am in London. We were there over Christmas and New Years, and often found little gifts on our beds to help celebrate the Christmas and New Years festivities. It is the little things like the gifts that make this place and awesome hostel to stay in. The staff were also very friendly and informative, always helping me out when I had questions about London. The rooms were also very clean, comfortable, and in good shape. Great Place to Stay!!!	
Nov 19 2006 	Great Hotel!!	My husband and I had a pleasant stay at the hotel. Very kind and helpful staff. The room was average size, and very clean. Location is slighty outside the major attractions but the tube is a few blocks away. I was a little worried about staying at a hostel, but I really enjoyed it. I felt more like I was staying a small hotel. It was very quiet, not how I imagined. I really loved London!!! And, I'm happy I stayed at Ace.	
Oct 21 2006 	Ambiance good; Roommates....ugh.	On my last minute decision to go to Europe for 2 weeks on budget, I was fortunate to find such a last minute deal. London is $$$ as it is so this was a good deal with regards to cleanliness, friendly staff and generally good hostel environment. If you are travelling alone, please do not go for a co-ed room. My male roommate was...very very inappropriate. Luckily the staff allowed me to change rooms without much interrogation. That still didn't help as there was only another coed room to go to. I had to check out and go pay big hotel prices near Gloucester Station instead. The breakfast is good enough. Do not expect crepes and lattes. There is always M&amp;S to pick up assorted foods at good prices. There was a family who stayed there so it assured me that it was an otherwise safe place to stay. Other fellow travellers were nice. Not a frat house environment thankfully. The shared washrooms were clean as well. The location is not glamourous as it seems to be in a residential area of west kensington. Don't worry, London transit will get you anywhere quite easily. Shopping area on high street is only a 5 min bus ride away. Probably will take 30 minutes to walk.  If you are focussed on travelling (seeing the sites, allocating funds on other items) and not living the luxury boutique hotel life, then you will be happy with ACE.	
Oct 9 2006 	A little far from the sights so just grab the tube!	Ace Hotel was great. The rooms were very clean and decently priced, the staff was nice and the bar was reasonable. We sat in the garden and ate dinner a few nights and the big screen TV with the couches near the bar was a plus. It was a little out of the way, but the tube took us right to where we wanted to go.	
Aug 17 2006 	Amazing hotel one of the best hostels in London	Me and my partner recently stayed at the Ace hostel in London and has to be one of the best hostels ive ever stayed in.The hostel is very clean and very modern, we stayed in a 4 bed dorm with two other guys. The rooms are spacious enough for all people though i dont know what the bigger dorms are like, the room consisted of 2 bunk beds with very comftable linen.The downstairs of the hostel consisted of a bar a tv lounge and a games room and an internet room which were all very modern and a great way to get to know all other people from around the world, there is also a garden area with a hottub.The location is good though its about a 25 minute tube journey into the middle of the city and around a 5 minute walk to Barons Court tube station Overall this is a great hotel to stay in and with brilliant rates from only 12.50 a night we will definatly stay here again and again when we are in London.	
Jul 10 2006	Fantastic hostel !	The hostel is fantastic ! It opened in October 2004 and everything is still brand new. The interior design is very modern and looks great. But the most important of all its super super clean !! The staff is friendly and the common room as well as the garden are very nice.I had a dorm bed with ensuite bathroom. The bed, bedding and bathroom were superclean. (good matresses also). The toilet is outside in the corridor but just a few metres from the room. And very safe because of the cards you get to enter the room areas and your room. The free breakfast is ok too. Its just croissants, cereal, jam, butter, milk, orange juice and tea but good enough to start the day .Although its located in a nice quiet residential area its easy to get there by underground. Barons Court and West Kensington are just a short walk. West Kensington station is a little bit closer just 5 min. walk but the Barons Court station about 7 min. walk is for the Picaddilly line so more convenient.This hostel is by far the best budget accomodation I have stayed in when staying in London and would definately stay here again on a next visit.	
Jun 25 2006	Fantastic!	While the Ace Hotel may not be in the heart of Central London it makes up for that in many other ways. First of all it is very easy to get to via the tube from Heathrow Airport. Simply take the Picadilly Line to Baron's Court and get off. It's about a 30 minute tube ride, but it's cheaper than taking a cab or the Heathrow Express. It's also insanely clean. The bedrooms are very comfortable, but bring your own lock for the locker to avoid having to pay for one so you can lock your things up. Also, word to the wise, bring an extra pillow. You only get one here so unless you're fine with just folding it in half, which I did and I was perfectly happy with that, bring an extra. Bring shower shoes as well, unless you have an ensuite. The bathrooms were easy to find, just walk around your area and you can easily find 3-4 bathrooms that are easy to get to. Always wear these when going to the bathroom, because you never know when someone may have flooded the bathroom while taking a shower. When I say flooded I mean the floor is a bit wet, not anything drastic. Just wear shoes. Free breakfast is nice, but the croissants are dry and the OJ is usually watered down. However, cereal is cereal and you can't really go wrong there. If you dip the croissant in jam you're good to go. The Ace Hotel is incredibly secure too! Which was relieving. You have your key card to your room and you must use that to get inside of the hostel, into your wing, and then once again to get into your room. The internet price is a bit steep one pound for half an hour, which I gladly paid at times I was missing my friends, but it was just easier to find a cheaper internet cafe and pay there. The bar area is nice, drinks are reasonably priced, but even the employees will tell you to not buy their food. It's Top Ramen-esque. What you need to do is ask to see their delivery menus. They have chinese (SO GOOD) and italian food menus, among others, to order from. All you have to do is write down your name, room, and what you want and the LOVELY staff will call in the order for you! Just make sure to be there when the food arrives. The delivery was cheap, I paid about $20 for two people to eat dinner, which is what I pay in the US anyways. The big screen TV is amazing, it's high def, which is cool to see. It's a fantastic hostel with tons of nice people and the guests are always pleasant, interesting, and funny. I highly recommend this hostel and will most definitely stay there again when I visit London.	
Mar 7 2006	Fair enough	Hello people.We just came home from a fantastic trip to London, and this is my views on ACE HOTEL:Positive:CleanCoke vending machineBarPlasma screensInternet (although too expencive, £1 for half an hour)Ok bedsQuiet area. Lots of cool cars to watch:DPriceNEGATIVE:Not too friendly staff (some of them were OK)Cold showerwater if U are a bit lateNot too central, local stations was closed in the weekend due to work on railtracks. Had to walk for over 20 minutes to Earls Court.Not suitable if you arrive on Stansted airport.Poor refill on toilet paper.Not allowed to have beer for cooling outside our windows:)VERY POOR BREAKFAST!!!!! One day it was good, the others VERY POOR. That is one massive problem I think.Conclutions:For less than £20 in London, you get more than you expect. Have stayed in MUCH WORSE London hotels, and for me this is good. I can stay here again.!!!!!!!Would also advise people to go and watch Arsenal play, they are one fantastic football team!Enjoy your stay in London!! See U soon.WilliaM	
Nov 28 2005	Great Value!	After searching through MANY &quot;inexpensive&quot; options for a night in London, the Ace was a great choice. We had no trouble with our booking, the rooms and showers were very clean, and the decor fun and modern. We took a room without an ensuite shower/toilet and have no regrets--very acceptable even for us &quot;modest&quot; americans! The location felt very safe even late at night. Their website offers a great representation of what you'll get.	
Nov 28 2005	Great Place	I've stayed in quite a few hostels in London over the past 15 years and this one is so far the BEST.It's situated in a very nice area with the underground close by. It's not right in the middle of the city but it doesn't take you long ot get to places.The Staff was really friendly and helpful. The hostel itself has a nice atmosphere, is comfy and clean. The rooms are pretty basic but clean and that is what counts. The hostel could do with a couple of more bathrooms/showers. It would be helpful if the hostel would put up signs of where the nearest bathroom is. Would save time as you have to wander around first for a while until you get your bearings.	
Nov 3 2005	it deserves # 1 rating	Stayed at the Ace Hotel for three nights end of October. Immaculate, quiet, very secure &amp; deserves its star status among the hostels of London. For two nights, we stayed in a twin room (comfortable bunkbeds) with facilities across the hall..never waited for a shower, bath or WC. For our last night in London we booked into a twin ensuite..again bunkbeds but no problem for this middle aged couple! We used the internet access (high speed) for 1£ for 30 minutes. We welcomed the laundry facilities on our last morning. The garden patio under the propane heaters was a lovely place to entertain our London friend. Bar service along with snacks was great. The included continental breakfast offered several cereals, toast, fruit juice, hot chocolate, instant coffee and tea in an airy and clean dining room. On our last morning, we relaxed in one of the two lounges both complete with TVs and one with a pool table. Both had lovely comfortable leather sofas.We would stay here anytime. Sharon &amp; CarlManitoba, Canada	
Oct 15 2005	ok for money	I stayed in a room with four beds on the basement. It has en suite bathroom too. The price is 23.50 pounds per person, so we stayed for three nights. The room is clean, but they don't make our beds everyday, only collect rubbish in the bin. There is nothing in the room, and no kitchen to share. Although for the room and price, it should have facilities like a youth hostel. I went to ask for hot water, a staff said I have to pay 40p. There is a lovely bar on the ground floor with a long list of drinks, and also Internet at 1 pound for 30 mins, and 1.50 for an hour. The location is find, kind of residential area in West Kensington.	
Aug 17 2005	Quite Pleasant	The hostel is very clean &amp; modern - situated on a quiet residential street. There is not much in the area but the hostel is located close to Barons Court Tube Station on Piccadilly line &amp; West Kensington on District line, nicely between the airport and city centre. There was some confusion checking in, as receptionist would not split the price between all guests (7) got very tricky and took some time - we arrived late (12.30am). We stayed in a 4-bed dorm, very small room that left little space for luggage. The bathroom was very small and shower just ok. You have to rent towels, hairdryer etc most things cost £1 each. Breakfast is included which was a selection of cereals, toast, tea &amp; coffee etc. Check out time was quite early 10.00am. The Staff were very strict with check out times and will stand at your door ensuring that you are packing/leaving. Garden area is pleasant but they ensure a curfew of 10.45pm due to local residents - this includes rooms that have a balcony area. All in all it was a pleasant stay.	
Aug 15 2005	Absolutely the Best!	Wow! When planning our trip to London, I searched the interenet for 3 hours one day trying to find a place to stay. All other hostels seemed to have horrible reviews and the cheap to middle range hotels even got bad reviews, too. But then I came upon the Ace Hotel (hostel) website. I had high expecations for this place and all of them were met, if not exceeded. The hostel was very modern and fun looking. The place was SO clean! There were crisp white bedsheets and duvets, the carpet was super clean, and the community bathrooms were always very clean, too. I was so amazed with this place! It was definitely not the &quot;party&quot; type hostel but the staff was friendly and there were friends to be made if that's what you're after. After traveling all over Europe for a year and staying at countless hotels and hostels, this by far was the best place ever. Stay here!	
Nov 24 2009 	Für bewegungsfreudige Individualreisende		
Nov 6 2009 	Ace Hotel West Kensington		
Oct 6 2009 	lo mejor...... la ubicacion		
Sep 12 2009 	Ace Hotel		
Sep 9 2009 	Excelente albergue (hostel) mas atendentes péssimos		
Aug 4 2009 	Preiswert und okay		
May 9 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Mar 4 2009 	Buena calidad/precio y situación		
Nov 27 2008	Zu wenig Leistung für den Preis unfreundliches Personal		
Jun 10 2008 	ideal para solitarios!!		
Dec 6 2007	En general no estuvo mal aunque puede mejorarse		
Sep 17 2007 	No está mal...		
