Nov 26 2009 	Simply the best hotel we have stayed in	We visit London alot for weekend breaks and have stayed at many good hotels there including Claridges and Browns. After our visit to The Stafford this is now the only hotel we will use when in London. A hidden gem ideally located with friendly staff , gorgeous rooms and a fabulous bar. Cant wait to go again.	
Nov 3 2009 	A sophisticated hidden gem with wonderful rooms and lovely service	We travel a fair amount and for our last weekend in London in 2009 stayed at the Berkeley where the suite we had was so outdated it looked like it was last decorated in 1985. So, we tried a completely different hotel and opted for The Stafford. Tucked away behind St James palace it's a 5 minute walk from Bond Street and light years from the Berkeley. We had one of their new mews suites and it was wonderful. Beautifully decorated, very spacious (easily suit a family with a few kids and not feel crowded) and it felt luxurious. At the price of a London suite when little details are missing it really grates, no so with The Stafford. Free soft drinks in the mini bar, night lights in the floor and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Finally the service, understated and very classy. No wonder it's a hit with the Americans. I never write reviews, but The Stafford deserves it, I had no complaints at all (rare) and recommend it.	
Oct 30 2009 	Totally and Utterly Compelling!	Having stayed in hotels in all over the World and in particular in London The Stafford beats them all into a cocked hat! It has recently beeen bought by a wealthy private individual I am told and I see that someone has warned us all to beware. Well that is not my experience. The rooms are quite outstanding, generous in proportion with many thoughtful extras. On my last visit service was seamless. The Concierge are the most helpful and knowledgable I have come across and the American Bar has the best staff ever, mixing formality with humour in a way that has become a dying art form. I love it! The Managers are always in evidence and seem to know everyone by name which all adds to the 'home from home' atmosphere that i have yet to experience elsewhere. Every time I go it just gets better and better. No Big Shots here just wonderful hospitality in a beautiful hotel. Long may it continue.	
Oct 29 2009 	Lovely and Perfect in Every Way	This hotel is fabulous. We stayed in one of the suites in their carriage house and it was beautiful. The room and service were fantastic. The staff really go out of their way to make you feel welcome! Also, the location could NOT BE BETTER! You are walking distance to some of the best restaurant, the Buckingham Palace, and the green park tube! You will not be disappointed!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Warning - hotel has been taken over	We have been to this hotel before and found everything to be perfect. However on our most recent stay it wasn't the same. The location is still wonderful but there were little things wrong everyday. The newspaper didn't arrive the first day, we had no bath mat the second day, no face towels the next day and believe it or not no bitter in the bar (translation: bitter = real beer) on the last day. It then all became clear when the bar staff let slip that the hotel had been taken over 3 days before we arrived. Let's hope that things settle back into their old routine. The hotel is expensive so you expect things to be perfect.	
Sep 14 2009 	World Class Hotel	The Stafford is a wonderful hotel, brimming with style and charm. The location is ideal: on a very quiet side street just a couple of minutes' walk from bustling Piccadily, not far from Buckingham Palace. The standard rooms are elegant and functional, with comfortable beds and luxurious furnishings. Service is superlative -- every member of the staff I encountered was exceedingly friendly, helpful and professional, and they really went out of their way to make sure everything was perfect. The food was excellent, and room service was always prompt. Overall, one of the best hotels at which I have ever stayed.	
Sep 8 2009 	Incredible style service. Traditional elegance. Incredible decor.	The rooms here are decorated so beautifully and individually. Real style. No fru-fru and not that antiseptic contemporary style in so many gutted old British hotels. Service was amazing. Location is just perfect. St. James's, near Buckingham, Westminter Abbey and the Churchill War Rooms. Beautiful St. James's Park down the street. Green Park tube stop right there. Hotel breakfast, though not included, is an amazing value. Best we had in Britain, including many hotels.	
Sep 8 2009 	Adequate but not compelling	Our family of 3 stayed at the Stafford for 7 nights during the last week of August. I picked it over the Four Seasons Canary Wharf due to its great reviews and excellent location despite a much higher rate. The pre-paid non-refundable rate for a suite that accommodates my family of 3 at the Stafford was double that of the Four Seasons.The location of the hotel is indeed perfect, located in a quite back street in the very posh St James areas. Minutes to tube, theatre, shopping, parks and Her Majesty's residence.It has been many years since I visited London for pleasure and I came mentally prepared that things are expensive, compared to Asia where we live and also tothe US. Still, at 500 pounds a night I think it compares poorly with the Dar AlMasyaf Jumerirah Dubai where we vacationed earlier this year (similarly priced),not to mention Asian hotels such as the Mandarin Oriental, Aman resorts or Bayan Trees. There is nothing wrong with the hotel. The room is of a reasonable size sothat the three of us can move around without bumping into each other. I evenenjoyed the period features such as the wooden floor (instead of marble) inthe toilet and the fact that our room door doesn't open properly because itwas converted from a stable. What is lacking is warm of service. Perhapsthey were trying to emulate the feeling of service by a proper English butler.Only the youngest employees ever wore a smile (such as the young Americanlady at reception and the very green waiters in the dining room) and I dare say 7 days is a proper observation period. Compared to the Paris hotelwhere we stayed also for a week, it was miles apart but then it was ratedNo. 1 in Paris by Trip Advisor. My wife's only real complain about the hotel is the lack of an in room electric kettlefor making tea/coffee. To charge people another 5 pound for a cup of teain such an upmarket hotel is kind of parsimonious. I would not go back nor would I recommend it to a friend. As I said thereis nothing wrong with the hotel, just not my cup of tea.	
Aug 27 2009 	Proper poise polish and panache	It was a pure delight to stay here. I had read all of the glowing reviews of the Stafford Hotel prior to booking a stay here, and our time at the Stafford exceeded my expectations in every way. This is an extremely well managed and well run proper British hotel. It's elegant and comfortable at the same time and the entire staff makes you feel right at home from the minute you walk in the door until the time you leave. From reception to the concierge desk, the bellmen and the nice people who work in the restaurant, I felt very welcome here. The central location gives you quick access to the best that London has to offer. Being adjacent to Green Park keeps things quiet at night but it's a short walk to Buckingham Palace, Picadilly, etc. (Be sure you know about the pedestrian walk-through shortcut tunnel which will save you a lot of time!) Underground stations are quite close, too and there are a number of quite nice restaurants nearby within a five minute walk. We had two connecting rooms, #216 and #217. While the rooms were certainly nice, they seemed a little &quot;crowded&quot;. Maybe one less piece of furniture would help open things up a bit to make it easier to get to the windows or walk around the room. My only &quot;complaint&quot; (and it's not much of an issue) is with the decor. The older part of the hotel seems a little matronly for my taste. I think I would have preferred the updated style and modern furnishings of a Mews unit. Perhaps next time. While the bathroom of #216 seemed to be more contemporary, the one in #217 seemed older, cramped and the shower/tub was a little awkward climbing in and out of. We ate continental breakfasts each of the five mornings we were there, and they were superb. The staff was so attentive that we felt like we were the Royal Family and being treated accordingly. We didn't eat any dinners in the restaurant at all, but enjoyed a casual meal in the American Bar. A tip of the cap to Yannick, an excellent barman who makes a wonderful Pimms Cup! Ask for a tour of the wine cellar, which has some amazing bottles and also features some very interesting World War Two memorabilia. (Apparently, it was used as a shelter during the bombings.) I did, however, find the caps hanging from the ceiling of the American Bar to be a bit gimmicky, preferring instead to study the framed historic objects on the wall and ignoring the caps that previous guests had left behind. And why is there an Oakland Raiders helmet jutting out from the wall? Strange. All in all though this is a terrific place. I looked forward to arriving and hated leaving. I hope to return.	
Aug 21 2009 	A little corner of tranquil luxury in London	You should always get an immediate feeling you are staying somewhere that is delivering a service at the top end of their game.. An attentive doorman, hall staff standing almost to attention giving the feeling of presence, well dressed, well spoken reception teams. This place has it all. In spades. Immediately calming from the moment you step through the door, leaving the frenetic hustle of London and St James St behind you. No chinzy, mass produced vases and furniture in this lobby, all antiques and originals. My room was smaller than the major chains that sprawl around Picadilly, but as we all know size means nothing, it's the attention to design and detail that makes the mark. And that eye for detail is superb. Again, original art, decorative crematics and furniture, a BOSE audio system, branded wooden coathangers. A full marble bathroom of a refined opulence that you could almost imagine the floors below the building straining under the weight of, dressed with fine accessories from Floris. Abundance of fluffy white towels, and even a night light under the sink. The room had a large fridge stocked with complementary mineral water, and so rare in many hotels, genuinely plenty of space for your own purchases.The food was excellent on both nights I ate there, my corporate budget did't quite justify the £60 necessary for the two courses and wine in the main restaurant, however the very welcoming yet exclsuisve feeling public bar delivered some cooking with flair. I used to wondwer what a £20 'burger would taste like (paying towards the rates perhaps) however I was suprised to find that the £19 Stafford Burger was actually good value for money considering the quality of the meat and accompaniments). The pan fried calves liver was a homely and perfect as if cooked by my great Aunt with no other covers to cater for.Improvements? Now we are talking minor niggles. An i-Pod dock on the BOSE system, and a DVD player would be welcomed. And even sometimes the most well heeled traveller would prefer a kettle in the room rather than have to order room service. I'm sure that The Staffordf would make it either unitrusive or perfectly formed. Apart from that, what a brilliant hotel. The owner should be proud of their team's achievements. I only fear that I will never be able to afford a stay here unlewss it's picked up by the corporate tab. Never mind.	
Aug 8 2009 	Ideal hotel in central London... a pleasure to stay here	A trip to London normally means business and a multi-national corporate hotel. This time the trip was personal (Royal Opera House and shopping) so I decided to treat myself to something different.From beginning to end, my stay at the Stafford was first class. The staff (especially the conceirge and in the American Bar) were by far the most polite and courteous I have ever experienced in a hotel and in London. The room, although slightly small, was ideal for me as a single traveller; quiet and cool it was lovely to come back to after a night at the opera. The bed was very comfortable and there was plenty of storage space (and hangers).The location is ideal, only five minutes walk into the centre of London with Green Park tube station very close by. And if you need a taxi, the porters will go out to the main street to fetch one for you... even in the pouring rain!The complimentary newspaper was also available at the weekend (how many hotels do this!). Breakfast was probably the best I have had in a hotel and had great selection available. On checkout, I discovered that there had been a communication problem between my travel agent and the hotel regarding extras included in my booking (complimentary breakfast and a credit for food in the restaurant/bar) which resulted in a higher than expected final statement. On production of my booking confirmation sheet, the hotel agreed to honour what I had expected to pay for, which meant that they lost out financially. It wasn't a large amount of money but I wouldn't expect many hotels (especially in London) to agree so readily to do this!Would I return to the Stafford? Most definitely.	
Jul 25 2009 	Very accessable very quiet hotel with courteous attentive staff	Spent 10 nights at the Stafford in July 09.Very quiet and relaxed hotel, yet in the heart of London, with access to all of the capital, via Green Park tube. Though we walked everywhere. Visited Borough Market, Canary Wharf and all the usual sights.When you come back to the hotel, it is with a sense of delight, that you will get peace to enjoy the rest of the evening. Free Wifi and good TV channels, all of Sky Sports channels plus the business channels. Read or sleep - all possible with peace.What did we not like? Really there was nothing I can complain about. Anything we asked for was delivered immediately. The rooms are beautifully furnished. Some may be a bit smaller than rooms in the US or other cities. But this is London, and as far as I am concerned this is the city where it all happens. The bathroom was very large with a walk in shower and a bath. Towels were always hot and very comfy.Been to London twice a year for the last twenty years and this is the hotel I have been looking for. Going to go back? Yes!! August 09.	
Jul 22 2009 	London Pride - a home that's dear to us	The Stafford oozes class and makes for a perfect weekend break. The moment your taxi draws up outside and a courteous doorman opens the taxi door and takes charge of your luggage you know you are staying at a hotel where guests' needs are paramount. At every turn there were helpful, professional staff and we were given an unhurried tour of the hotel before being shown to our (upgraded) room. The heating/air conditioning worked very effectively and though the room had double glazing, this was scarcely necessary to keep out the noise because there simply wasn't any. Despite being in the very heart of London (2 minutes from St James Palace, 3 minutes from Fortnum and Masons) tranquillity is guaranteed due to the fact that the Stafford sits at the end of a mews terrace. The room was beautifully appointed with a superbly comfortable bed - so wide I think the bedside tables were in different postcodes - and the bathroom was elegant marble with extremely fluffy towels and bathrobes and quality Floris toiletries. Room service was excellent, tea and coffee arriving almost instantly and served from stylish pots into bone china cups. A rose in the vase on the tray is a simple touch which was noted and appreciated.We ate in the American bar and it certainly lives up to its billing. It was convivial with excellent food but the main restaurant looked equally appealing and proved to be so because that is where we had breakfast next morning. Yes, you can get a much cheaper breakfast in the arcade round the corner but you pay for the style as well as the substance and the Stafford has both in spades. In some ways the Stafford reminds me of a scene from Miss Marple with its elegant yet homely atmospere but this is to ignore the fact that the hotel has also firmly embraced the 21st century with Bose CD players and free internet connections. There really is nothing to fault with the hotel; it is expensive but it's worth it. We will surely return.	
Jul 15 2009 	Pompous attitude presentable suite	On a whim, my partner and I stayed at the Stafford this weekend, selecting a mews suite (approx £1200 per night.)The suite itself was of an excellent size, pleasantly furnished and well-maintained. The living room was somewhat too small for the amount of furniture and, really strangely, only one of the bathroom's two sinks was supplied with toiletries.We were advised on arrival that the restaurant required gentlemen to wear a jacket. A pompous attitude in the 21st Century, and I noticed in passing that there were few restaurant patrons. Quite right!Aside from a few minor oddities (DVD player in the bedroom but none in the living room; a hallway almost larger than the living room) and the most mediocre breakfast I've been served in an alleged 5-star, no major complaints. But, on the whole, the Sofitel provides superior comfort minus the attitude, and the Stafford is not somewhere I would rush back to.	
Jun 23 2009 	Charming hotel wonderful staff	Like a country house retreat in the centre of London, so quiet you would have no idea you were so close to bustling Piccadilly, which was great as we were able to stroll to the theatre. I was only here for one night, but I found the hotel to be very welcoming and the staff friendly and helpful. The decor is very traditional, so if you are a lover of the modern look, I wouldn't recommend it, if you prefer traditional you will absolutely love it. The room is cosy and the beds are huge and ridiculously comfortable.But be warned - their famous martinis are absolutely lethal...	
Jun 9 2009 	Best Hotel in the World	My wife and I decided on a weekend trip to London to celebrate our 32nd Annivesary. We saw a review on the Stafford on a TV travel show and decided to try it. From the moment we arrived when Richard the manager said &quot;welcome home&quot; we felt this was something special. We were fortunate to be upgraded from a queen double to a king double.. The room was light and airy with plenty of cupboard and drawer space. The public rooms are beautiful especially the American Bar where we ate on more than 1 occasion over the 3 days. We asked Richard about the wine cellar where the American and Canadian officer sheltered in the blitz during Worls War II. He offered to take us down to view this 380 year old store. A museum has been set up with items of memorbilia which were extremely interesting. no sooner had we told the receptionist that we were celebrating, a cake appeared in out room. Even the bellman offered to walk us accross the road to show us the shortcut to Green PArk. They just seemed to want to go that extra mile. I will certainly go back when I next stay in London.	
Apr 29 2009 	Wonderful weekend	Can't disagree with any of the glowing reviews elsewhere on the page. We were only in town for a weekend, so thought we'd treat ourselves; and the Stafford proved well worth it. Welcoming staff, extremely well-appointed room (especially after finding we'd received an unexpected upgrade) and brilliant location. Can't comment on the food, as we had dinner plans of our own on the Saturday, and had our Sunday breakfast round the corner at the Wolseley (also highly recommended). Something to look forward to next time!	
Apr 29 2009 	great little hotel	The Stafford is a little gem tucked away In St. James' Place London. The hotel is old though it has been recently refurbished. The lobby and lounge are quite small though charming and the rooms are cozy, though it had LCD tv and high-speed internet. The restaurant/coffee shop served a nice breakfast and decent food. The staff are extremely friendly and were even went out of their way to help. The down side is that because it is so tucked away, even London cabbies are unfamiliar with it! (luckily they have GPS). The hotel is just behind Green Park and is a 2 minute walk from Green Park Station and a 10 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location great service	Lovely traditional hotel, in a quiet but central location. Our room was very comfortable, though perhaps a bit on the small side, with a great bed and nice bathroom. Service is welcoming and very professional. Free internet and laptop use is a bonus. The hotel is expensive, but worth it if you can afford it. We definitely would return if planning to stay in the St. James/ Green Park area.	
Dec 2 2008 	Style in St James'	An outstanding hotel in every respect. I had read on Trip Advisor how friendly the staff were and thought that some folk must be exaggerating a little bit. To my delight this accolade was right on the mark. I have never experienced such friendly, helpful and diligent hotel staff anywhere.Our room was very good, the bed in particular was an excellent size. It was by no means a top of the range room but could not be faulted.The bar was very good too and very well stocked -however, I must warn those on a tight budget, don't get too carried away as this is an expensive place to drink. That said, I had the best 'whiskey sour' I have ever had!Definitely a hotel I would recommend for anyone who wants homely comfort and style in the centre of London's West End.	
Oct 24 2008	The only place I stay in London	When I travel to London, its the Stafford or nothing. simply the best in location, atmosphere and SERVICE.	
Oct 22 2008 	Superb Stafford	I have never written a review before even though I have stayed at some top 5 star hotels in London (Covent Garden etc). However, I have just spent a weekend at the Stafford to celebrate my 40th birthday with my husband and I can honestly say it was the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in. Our room (a suite in the mews) was beautiful and the service provided by all of the staff was exemplary on every level. When we arrived back at the hotel on the Saturday evening I commented to one of the concierge that my feet were aching and his reply was 'never mind you're home now' and that is exactly how the hotel feels-like your very own exclusive home in London. We are already planning our next trip and can't imagine going to any other hotel in London.	
Sep 26 2008 	So glad we chose The Stafford	First-ever trip to London this past summer. Originally had other hotels on my radar screen but TA forums led me to The Stafford, for which I am grateful.We (family of four; two college-aged sons) spent five days in a suite and a room in the main building and another five in a suite and a room in the Mews. The main building is more traditionally English; the Mews more modern and felt a bit more spacious. We enjoyed falling asleep to the sound of gentlefolk in the courtyard below sitting at the famed American Bar's outside tables. In the states we'll generally choose a Four Seasons, or a Westin or Hyatt depending upon what's available. I was initially wary of staying in a smaller, non-chain hotel but quickly came to appreciate the benefits of The Stafford. The custom is to leave room keys (yes, actual keys!) at the desk when going out, which means there is a fair amount of contact with staff. Everyone - porters, concierge, business office personnel - was unfailingly friendly, professional and helpful. Continental breakfast was included with our room cost. We expected a hard roll and coffee, but instead enjoyed beginning each day in the hotel's lovely dining room, where breakfast (French press coffee, generous baskets of bakery items, divine marmalade and much more) were served on tables with crisp white tablecloths by impeccably professional and unobtrusive wait staff. Loved the St. James location. We walked everywhere from the hotel - close to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Green and St. James parks, not too far from Covent Garden. We could walk to a number of restaurants (The Wolesley, Chor Bizarre Indian and Cecconis for Italian being among our favorites). Took a walk one evening over to The Dorchester and saw The Inter-Continental and Four Seasons -- after a quick overview we were so glad we'd made the choice to stay at The Stafford. While the common areas of these other hotels seemed lovely, they felt more &quot;generic&quot; and, at least the evening we were there, felt more Middle Eastern than British. They are clustered in an area with very busy streets and lots of traffic, and we were so happy to return to the Stafford with its oh-so-English window boxes spilling over with red geraniums, and tucked well away from even from the genteel sounds of St. James Street.The Stafford apparently has a tradition of attracting American visitors that I believe dates back to WWII when US military officers stationed in London were fond of The Stafford's (hence, &quot;American&quot;) Bar. Scores of model airplanes hang from the ceiling of the bar (jackets required for men, there, by the way) and lots of fascinating photographs line the walls. There are also a number of portraits of the Queen Mother around the hotel; we were told that she was an admirer of The Stafford's impressive wine cellar.The concierge staff was helpful and effective, especially Frank Laino, who is touted as &quot;the world's best concierge&quot;. He is clearly deserving of his title.The only negative of our stay was a misunderstanding in regard to our arrival. Since we came into Heathrow early in the morning, we arrived at the hotel around 9:30 and asked if our rooms were available for early check-in. They were, and we were grateful to be able to get settled. We thought this was a lovely courtesy and were thus surprised when we were charged for an extra night upon check-out. The issue was quickly and kindly resolved, but I do recommend that guests at this (or any) hotel clarify exactly what the terms of early check-in are. Other than that, I have struggled to come up with a negative, but alas, the only thing I can think of is that there were no cotton balls or q-tips in the bath. Bring your own, and stay at The Stafford. You will not be disappointed.	
Aug 28 2008 	the best hotel	This is my favorite hotel in the world, (so far!). It actually feels like I'm staying at my own very posh house in London, full of my loyal and friendly staff, who are happy that I'm finally back. The only place that's more centrally located is Buckingham palace, which is basically next door. It's thoroughly English, down to the giant brass keys that they give you. Everything is perfect, but nothing is modern. i wish i could live at the Stafford.	
Jul 13 2008 	A Superb Hotel	We stayed three nights at the Stafford hotel and could not have been more pleased. The service was outstanding, the food at all times of the day was delicious, and the accommodations were top notch. The hotel is located in a great neighborhood, within walking distance of Piccadilly Circus and a variety of shops and restaurants. The staff was helpful with all of our questions and went out of their way to make us feel at home. The price is expensive, especially when you take into account the exchange rate against the U.S. Dollar, but we highly recommend it.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice old-world hotel	The Stafford is a good, traditional hotel but it fails to really impress in the way it could if the property were polished up just a little bit. The hotel is in a beautiful old building with a great location in the middle of St James. It is very tranditional and very English. There was nothing wrong with my room but it was absolutely miniscule and I'm used to smallish European hotel rooms. There is no way two people could have shared this room comfortable. My only real gripe about it, however, has to do with cleanliness. First of all, nothing seemd terrible clean to me to start with. Then, I found crumbs from a previous guest all over the desk chair (orange ones, so no one had even checked it or they would have seen them). Then there were the pretzel pieces under the chair/table that weren't cleaned up even after pointing them out to housekeeping. Clearly, no one is paying attention to cleaning here - and these are 'deep cleaning' things but very basic ones. The room service menu also leaves a lot to be desired but that is the case with many hotels.	
Mar 27 2008 	I'd like to keep the Stafford my secret it's that good	My family of 4 stayed at The Stafford 2 separate times on our trip and my son and I returned on the last leg of our Europe jaunt because we enjoyed it so much. Because we were staying in London for only 4 days, I found that an apartment wasn't an option. Most require a week stay at least. Booking two separate hotel rooms for my husband, me and our 2 adult sons was an expensive option, until I found The Stafford. They have family suites which are basically two suites connected via a common hallway. The outer door to the hallway can be closed and the two suite doors left open. The Stafford's family suite rate was less expensive than if I booked two separate suites at another comparable hotel, even though that was exactly what we were getting. Plus, let me just say that the suites were amazing! The rooms were spotless, quiet, sunny and fresh. Each had supreme appointments, right down to the heated marble floors in the bathrooms, full shower, separate tub, 2 sinks. The tub even came with its own 2 rubber duckies. Every detail was considered in making these suites homelike. They have thought of everything. Besides the fabulous ensuite baths, each suite also had a sitting area with a large plasma TV which my sons enjoyed, as well as a desk area and a separate ladies vanity area. It truly was spectacular for the price. In addition, the hotel had a quaint parlor room where you could take tea, dessert or drinks, as well as a bar and gourmet restaurant. We were welcomed at the hotel like old friends each time we returned. The location of the hotel was also good. Close to Picadilly Circus, the Picadilly and Green Park tube stops, Green Park, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, along with plenty of shops and restaurants in the area.I've stayed at other luxury level hotels and this one beat them all hands down. I would recommend this hotel highly and look forward to hopefully returning sometime soon.	
Feb 24 2008 	Exceeded Expectations	The last few trips to London, we've stayed in larger hotels, but our travel agent suggested the Stafford. The hotel is very well situated, right near Piccadilly Circus and St James Park , yet located on a quiet side street so that there was no noise once inside.The rooms had a feel of a well decorated London flat more than a hotel and the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Service here is some of the best I've experienced. We will definitely stay here on our next visit, and would recommend the Stafford for couples or families w/ kids.	
Sep 20 2007 	Excellent in every way	We spent one glorious week in London at the Stafford with our 3 yr old daughter in July. Not only did we have great weather, the wonderful staff at the Stafford really made us feel at home. The concierge at the Stafford is the definition of proactive. Before we arrived, I received an email with info about road closures because of the Tour de France-- very helpful since we were driving into London. I'd also bought tickets to a show that we didn't want. In addition to getting us prime tickets for the Sound of Music, the concierge also offered to sell our original tickets (no takers). And they hustled to get a last minute babysitter for us during an especially busy weekend in London. So it goes without saying that they can get any restaurant reservation in town-- including the Ivy!Our 1 bdrm suite in the Mews was done in shades of blue and chocolate, and felt like a chicly decorated apartment rather than a hotel room. We had a foyer with ample room to park the stroller and a powder room. The living room had a mini fridge, an Ipod docking station, and a desk with Wifi access. I even had personalized namecards! Our bed was very comfortable, and we had plenty of closet space and hangers. We didn't eat in the formal restaurant, but had drinks and dessert in the American bar (cozy but my husband had to wear a jacket). Food from room service, esp the fish and chips, was excellent. We did encounter some minor snafus with room service and a surly waiter, but management was very responsive and cleared things up quickly. The location is ideal-- the Stafford may be secreted down a small alley, but it's just steps away from the commercial hustle and bustle. It's an easy walk to Old Bond Street, Piccadilly, Green Park, the Tube, etc. Great restaurants are also nearby (we loved the steak tartare and people-watching at the Wolseley) We loved The Stafford and definitely plan to return.	
Sep 18 2007 	Lovely hotel	I stayed just one night on a whirlwind work trip, but have to agree with the positive reviews. The staff were very helpful, the room service for breakfast both days was super-fast, the location is amazing - you can run right out the front door into Green Park and then Hyde Park. I also had dinner (the fish and chips!) in the American Bar, and it was yum. I had the basic room and it was quite tiny (as I said, a work trip!), but still very nice with a Bose stereo, small plasma tv etc. I also took a pass down to the gym at Piccadilly to do a spin class, and that worked well. While we all know that phone calls from a hotel room are expensive, I was blown away at the cost of my call to home - 15 minutes was 68 pounds, being over $150 Australian dollars! So be warned on that one.	
Jul 26 2007 	Lovely Hotel Amazing Location	We stayed at The Stafford from 6/30-7/7/07 with our two children, ages 5 and 9, in a double deluxe room (for the grownups) interconnecting with a double room (for the children) in the Mews. Overall, we were extremely pleased. Our (interconnected) rooms felt more like a small, luxurious apartment than a &quot;hotel&quot; room -- we loved the amenities, such as a half bathroom in our foyer, large closets, &quot;warm&quot; marble bathroom floors, flat screen tvs, DVD players, IPOD docking stations, etc. The deluxe double has a lovely sitting area with its own flat screen tv. And while there weren't any special &quot;children's amenities,&quot; the staff thrilled our kids by bringing them an IPOD for their docking station and provided us with bread to feed the ducks in St. James Park. My husband regularly used the new fitness center in the Mews and was quite pleased with it (he did not feel the need to use the deluxe health club located near Piccadilly that the hotel offers to guests). The location is outstanding. The Green Park Tube is steps away. It's an easy walk to Piccadilly, St. James Park, Green Park, Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, etc. Our kids were excited to see the guards outside St. James Palace, and witnessed a &quot;small&quot; Changing the Guard there in addition to the ceremony at Buckingham Palace. There are excellent restaurants and shopping within walking distance. The concierges are pleasant, responsive and professional, as is the front dest staff. My only &quot;nit&quot; was that housekeeping was inconsistent -- i.e, the rooms were spotless, but some days they would neglect to replace the soaps, shampoos, etc. or empty the wastebaskets. We loved The Stafford. We have recommended it to our friends, and we would definately stay there again.	
Jul 24 2007 	Luxury is Back	This was the first time I have stayed at The Stafford since its recent renovation. What a difference. We had one of the new Mews apartments and the standard of luxury was very impressive - his and hers basins, huge bath and equally vast separate shower, underfloor heating, full-size Floris toiletries, two plasma TVs and an iPod . The breakfast was very good and I liked the fact that if you just wanted a continental breakfast - not a cooked one - it was available at a cheaper cost because the hotel is a la carte. The location is wonderful - a short walk to all of London's great sights. Most of the staff were very welcoming and pleasant - especially in the breakfast room - but the front desk staff are all Cockneys and their manner is somewhat brusque and, as is their way, offhand. That's fine if you think that's picturesque but I preferred the French, Spanish, South African and New Zealand staff members who were unfailingly polite and smiling. The concierge, Frank Laino, however deserves all his accolades - very polite and helpful. Would definitely come back to this rejuvenated gem.	
Jun 1 2007 	Very Comfortable	I stayed two nights at the Stafford on May 8 &amp; 9, 2007. This was my first stay although I had visited the hotel and looked at a sampling of rooms in 2006. The first night I stayed in a deluxe junior suite in the main building and the second night in a deluxe junior suite in the new mews building that had only been open one week. Both rooms were large, comfortable and quiet. I preferred the mews suite because of its nicer bath and newness.My main building room was in the rear and was extremely quiet. It had a separate sitting room with a good reading lamp. The bath was fairly small, but had a separate shower. The room was furnished traditionally with king bed, chair and sofa. Actually, both rooms had two twin beds pushed together to form a king which I found satisfactory.My mews room was on the rear of that building overlooking the Park Place cul-de-sac. It had one large room with a sitting area at one end with only a loveseat--no upholstered chair. The TV was flat panel, wide-screen, whereas the main building room had an older conventional TV. There was some street noise, but it was muffled and acceptable to me. The bath was huge with two sinks, a separate shower and heated tile floor.The Stafford is excellently located a short walk through the park from the Green Park tube station. There are many nearby restaurants on and near Piccadilly. It is walking distance to many attractions, including the theater district. The general neighborhood in nice and upscale. A laptop is on a table in the lobby for free guest use and was almost always available when I wanted to use it.Breakfasts were very good--from the menu--no buffet--in the attractive restaurant. I had dinner one night in the New American Bar and enjoyed it. I didn't eat dinner in the more upscale restaurant.Overall, I found the Stafford to be a very pleasant place to stay and will stay there again. I would classify it as a 5-star hotel.	
Apr 18 2007 	Incredible Hotel	Just got back from London and loved the Stafford Hotel. Rate was reasonable (for London) and included dinner 1 night at their restaurant (excellent) and breakfast everyday. They had a room for usfirst ting in the morning eventhough check-in was not until the afternoon. Service was incredible. They were very helpful and knew who we were after the first day. Every dinner suggestion was wonderful.I loved the location (St. James) I had stayed near Holborn my previous trips, and this was far more convenient for tourist spots, fine dining and the theater.While there was construction going on in the Mews, we could not notice it from our room. The only problem (and a minor one at that) was a small shower. However, this minor inconvenience was overwhelmedby the other hotel amenities. My favorites were the free bottles of water (two, replaced every day at no cost, free internet access downstairs, and two 110 volt outlets). I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 4 2006	The Stafford is Not a Luxury Hotel	The Stafford is undergoing major reconstruction at the moment. I stayed in the carriage house section of the property, which is supposed to be the finest room that the hotel has to offer. It was not that nice (small, smell of mildew, lumpy carpets, not enough hot water for two people to shower consecutively). Even without the construction problem, I would not consider this a true luxury hotel. The best thing that can be said about the hotel is that the staff are friendly, but the property itself is below-par. I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 28 2006 	The Best Hotel in London	My family has been staying here for over 15 years. To me, it is the best hotel in London. The location is great (with its own private access to Green Park), the staff all that you could ask for (they take time to know everyone's name and what their preferences are), the rooms are wonderful (I prefer the Carriage House annex to the main buliding).Some may decry the lack of amenities (there is no gym, pool, etc), but that's fine with me. This is a hotel with charm and class.Is it expensive? Absolutely!!! Is it worth it? Yes (especially if you do not have to pay)	
Apr 18 2006	Country house elegance	My first stay at this wonderful hotel, an all too brief stay of 2 nights (if only it could have been longer !). An excellent central location in a lovely secluded street near St James Palace, and near to my library, and to excellent shopping.This hotel is so quaint with staff who go the extra mile to provide that rare commodity known as &quot;service&quot;. A great restaurant, nice lounge, and a wonderful bar at the back of the hotel. I didn't quite meet the evening dress code for the bar but the barman told me in the most delightful manner possible; he did not make feel awkward (as some hotel bars might have done) and I was pleased to correct the situation in just a few moments.Good &quot;front-of-house&quot; staff who are welcoming without exception, and knowledgeable about London.My room was a tad small but nicely decorated. Bed was a little soft for my liking.I will definitely return when I need to stay in Central London.	
Jan 25 2006	Excellent Hotel	Great hotel in a fabulous location. Can see why is it rated as one of the best in London. We arrived very early in the morning and our room was not ready. We were given another room in the mean time to rest in whilst we waited for our room to be prepared. The staff were excellent. Very quiet area and close to Green Park Underground Station, Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Circus, Trafalga Square. The room was average size and the facilities were nice.	
Jan 15 2006 	Charming hotel great service	Very charming.At least, I guest that's what they will call it. Decor is a bit dated, no flatscreen televisions, the grouting in the bathroom just three days past the point where it should have been re-done etc. Not the most comfortable beds I've ever stayed in, just make this hotel a little dated. Nothing that can't be fixed with a little investment.The basics are certainly there though. The location (although that always depends on your needs and as long as you're in the centre of london...) The staff is wonderfull in it's service. friendly and attentative. They do remember you and have the prescence of mind to pickup the conversation where you left it the last time yo've spoken to them. And the (I believe belgian?) girl beind the reception just makes your day. Food is great, and it is certainly nice to see this hotel is being noticed by some people you might not walk into on the street.Despite the little imperfections, I will definetely stay there again. I believe this is called charming.	
Jul 19 2005 	Traditional luxury in a stellar location	The Stafford Hotel occupies a prime London location. Only a short walk to St. James's Palace and Green Park, this hotel is situated in arguably the top neighborhood in the city. But the Stafford doesn't sacrifice peace and quiet for its central location. The hotel is tucked into the warren of historic side streets and courtyards of St. James's, making it almost unbelievable that busy Piccadilly is just a block or so north. The front of the hotel is on a short dead-end street; the rear of the hotel is essentially a courtyard (Blue Ball Court).In the midst of genteel clubs and upper-crust establishments of St. James's, the Stafford is a traditional and historic older hotel, furnished and maintained to a high standard. With only 81 rooms, the Stafford focuses on an individualized service for its guests.Standard rooms are moderately-sized--a bit small by U.S. standards, but generous for London hotels. Ours included a small entryway with a countertop/cabinet housing a safe and a mini refrigerator. The fridge was ours to use with (thankfully) no minibar in sight. A bottle of house wine, fruit, and bottled water was included at the start of our visit.The room was well furnished and included a firm king-size bed. Typical for British hotels, the &quot;king&quot; consisted of joined smaller mattresses, but with almost no discernable gap or bump...very comfortable. Heavy curtains and double windows insulated us against any street noise--and there was almost none due to the hotel's location. The individually controlled central airconditioning/heating system was excellent and blessedly quiet. A marble bathroom included a large tub, vanity, and separate phone booth-sized shower stall. Water pressure was adequate--perhaps a bit too adequate in the shower. Towels were large and plentiful, and washcloths were provided. The hotel furnished soap and shampoo, but surprisingly, no other amenities other than shower caps (and who uses them anymore?).The room's television featured a limited selection of channels, with no movies or other entertainment options. This is a relatively minor issue for those visiting one of the most interesting cities in the world, but even the most ambitious tourist needs time to &quot;zone out&quot; watching TV at times. They won't find much to watch on the Stafford's limited video system. These comments apply to the standard double room; the hotel's carriage house rooms and suites offer a different experience for a price premium. London hotel accommodations are not known for many bargains and the Stafford's location and quality do come with a sizeable pricetag.The Stafford is a historic building, actually a series of converted buildings, including three former townhouses and a stable/mews. As an older building, even one furnished and maintained to a luxury standard, noise from creaky floors was a minor annoyance in our main building room. Surprisingly, plumbing noise was less noticeable. No doubt there are exceptions, but the clientele of the hotel seems to be a quiet, sophisticated group of travelers. This lends to the ambiance of the hotel and means few worries about one of our hotel pet peeves--the obnoxious and noisy fellow guest.The atmosphere at the Stafford is further enhanced by a dedication to providing excellent, efficient service. We experienced a high level of service from the front desk, office/cashier, and bar staff. The concierge staff were the most helpful we've seen anywhere. As a smaller hotel, the Stafford does not offer all the onsite facilities that a large, 5-star property might. But they do very well. Need business services, like a computer or a mobile phone? No problem, the hotel will loan guests a laptop computer and arrange for use of a phone. The hotel features a naturally upscale dining room, lounge, and a famous bar. The diminutive American Bar is like a private pub...a very nice private pub, filled with an amazing collection of memorabilia. The small bar can be smoky, like most bars and pubs in London, although odds are as good that no smokers will be present, given the small size of the bar.Guests should ask to tour the Stafford's vaulted brick wine cellars. Private diners are held here (which must be fantastic), but even a quick tour is fascinating. The cellars include a collection of memorabilia from the Second World War, when the hotel was used as a billet for Allied Officers, and the cellars doubled as bomb shelters.	
Jul 13 2005	Not what I expected	After reading various internet reviews and an Andrew Harper's review, I decided on the Stafford in London. Unfortunately, it was not at all what I had expected. Instead of cozy English charm, I found tired, dreary rooms with tiny bathrooms. The service (which had been spoken of highly in several reviews) was mediocre at best. They were not in the least bit friendly or accomadating other than one concierge that we had some contact with, Peter.I feel that I saw a fairly good sampling of the rooms since we had 2 junior suites and a double room. None of these rooms fell even close to the quality of what is described in the literature as a five-star hotel. The prices for the accomadations ($950 per night for the suites and about $650 per night for the room) was absurd given their suboptimal quality. After two nights, we moved to a much, much nicer property ( The Athaneum Hotel and Apartments). I strongly recommend the Athaneum. I would not stay at the Stafford again in those particular rooms although they may have rooms that are larger, better kept and more attractively decorated. I did not see any of those.The only positive aspect that our family saw about the Stafford was its excellent location in St. James close to many sites and the upscale shopping that we had specifically come for on Bond Street, Jermyn Street etc. Otherwise, what a dissapointment the Stafford was!	
Jun 19 2005	Stafford excellent in every way!	One of the nicest hotels I have stayed at, anywhere. Rented 2 adjoining rooms for my wife/I and our 2 college-aged daughters. Great location, helpful staff, and absolutely quiet rooms. We travel quite a lot, and found this hotel to be 'top rate' in every aspect.	
Jun 7 2005	A really good hotel	I stayed here for one night with my girlfriend and loved it. As a young couple it can be quite intimidating staying somewhere like this but the staff are great, very friendly and professional, a good combination.Our room was very comfortable, and the american bar is worth the stay alone. Really bizarre collection of baseball caps, signed photos and more which give it real atmosphere. And as has already been mentioned, excellent service again.As for the complaint re the noise in an earlier review I find that extremely harsh. This hotel is tucked away off any main streets and the noise is limited. If you're going to stay in the centre of London then surely you expect there is going to be some sort of noise!My only minor quibble was that when we called down for a sandwich and a drink at 2.30am the night porter asked us if we realised that it was 2.30am which seemed slightly cheeky since the room service menu clearly states it's available 24 hours. Anyway...Lovely hotel, great location.	
Mar 21 2005	Loved the Stafford!!!	The Stafford is simply the most gorgeous hotel I've ever stayed at. I cannot express enough how charming and special the place is. I regularly pop in for traditional afternoon tea on a Sunday. I also love having dinner in the American Bar - fantastic burgers and club sandwiches, all served by a barman who remembers your name.Best of all is actually staying at the Stafford. The staff are like family. Nothing is too much trouble. Forget going to the Ritz or one of the big touristy hotels in London. The Stafford has far more class and is thus filled with people who really know the difference between &quot;flashy&quot; and &quot;elegant&quot;.	
Dec 22 2004	Great Location very quiet	We stayed at the Stafford Dec.3, 2004 for 3 nights. It was our first visit to London and we really didn't have much time there. I found the Stafford to be a very nice hotel, very quiet and in an excellent location. The Green Park tube station is just a couple of minutes away. Our room was smaller than I'd anticipated, but I'm used to American standards, so actually in European standards it was spacious. We had a sitting area and it had a small fold-out sofa. The bathroom was gorgeous, all done in marble and with heated towel racks. We had a mini-bar in our room, a safe and bathrobes. The staff was very, very helpful and friendly. My only complaint was the cost; wow, everything was so expensive! I'd come back here again if I can afford it.	
Aug 1 2004	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC PROPERTY!!	My sister and I stayed at The Stafford in March, 2004 and as a former flight attendant and one who continues to travel frequently, this hotel has to rate as the very best. Service was excellent. Food was excellent. I cannot say one negative comment. I would never stay anywhere else when again in London. And the location is perfect. Kudos to the general manager and his entire staff.	
Dec 1 2003	nice place to spend Thanksgiving	Yes,the rooms are small but they are cozy and charming. The food at the restaurant is excellent and afternoon tea is worth the price. But why no mini bars in the rooms? As a woman travelling alone,I felt safe and secure here. And you can't beat the proximity to the Green Park tube station.	
Nov 27 2003	christmas at the stafford magical	My wife and two daughters spent a magical christmas here. Mulled wine and carolers in the famous cave wine celler. Formal Christmas Eve dinner with attentive, friendly service and always the funloving manager Terry Holmes making what could be a stuffy atmosphere a delightful and somewhat zaney but memorable experience. Christmas day brunch is a must as well.	
Oct 26 2003	Okay...	Well..it was okay. The lobbies (and first couple of floors) were really smokey. The rooms were alot smaller than shown on the website. The streets are very busy, and you don't get much sleep, unless you learn to ignore the continuous honking, and sirens. Creaky floors.However, the bathrooms were very nice, and you get a nice, big, buffet-style breakfast. People there were pretty friendly.	
Aug 9 2003	Nice but not for me	Based on lots of good press I stayed here at the end of 2002 and even chose a room in the 'famous' Carriage House. I had one downstairs and would recommend to try to get one upstairs if you go so you can benefit from the higher ceilings vs. the llower floor. The hotel is indeed very British if that is what you want. I found it a little stuffy and prefer less traditional hotels myself.Maybe I caught the hotel during a bad time since I had to wait a long time for porters and front desk service. In the bar I was reminded that I should really be dressed formal and only served because there were not a lot of other guests.The location is very good and there is nothing wrong with the Stafford but I would not come back since there are many better choices for my taste.	
Jul 20 2003	Superb.	The most delightful hotel I have ever visited. The level of courtesy and service immediately made you feel at home.The staff in the bar were especially charming. If you ever ventured in by yourself they would engage you in conversation to put you at your ease. They of course would also remember what you had been drinking on the previous evening. It was great fun to watch them gently flirting with the permanent resident as she sat at the bar on her own stool and told stories of her time in the French resistance.The porters also deserve commendation, they recommended a delightful restaurant for us and I never once had to open a door (something that can be quite rare in British hotels). They also were concerned that we shouldn't be lumbered with having to pay too much for parking and found us a spot where we could leave our car. Most kind.Our marble bathroom was well stocked with luxurious Floris toiletries (of which I am now a fan) and it was a pleasure to relax in the very deep bath whilst listening to the selection of CDs left for us to play on the Bose music centre.To conclude....Don't Go!! I want it all to myself.	
Jun 9 2003	The Best of London	Have been staying at the Stafford for 14 years and will not stay anywhere else in London. I go to London 2-3 times a year on business and always stay there. It represents the quintessential London luxury hotel, on a very small and intimate scale, but never takes itself too seriously. Staff is constant, with very little turnover. The first bartender, Charles, stayed for over 40 years, and likely would have stayed longer had he not been prematurely taken from us a few years ago. And the Manager, Terry Holmes, has become a London institution. This is the kind of place where the barman remembers your favorite drink (and your name) without being reminded and regardless of how long it has been since your last visit. The sommalier in the restaurant can recall the bottle of wine you drank on your previous stay and will check to see if it is still available. The Chef will prepare anything you request if he has the ingredients in the kitchen, and if he does not, he will go find them if you give him a little advance notice. The Consierge (they call them Hall Porters, in the old English tradition) can always be counted on to get those hard to find theater tickets or restaurant reservations on short notice, or to provide a guided tour of the 350-year old Wine Cellar at 2:00 a.m. after returning from a long night out (I actually did this). Guests tend to be very loyal to the Hotel, chosing to stay there year after year. And there are examples of third generation guests whose grandparents and parents also stayed at the Stafford.	
Nov 13 2009 	Perfect Place		
Oct 5 2009 	Hôtel charmant calme et excessivement bien situé		
