Nov 13 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in London	This was my 4th time in London. All the other three times I stayed at awful hotels... usually old, smelly, and some of them very noisy, with cleaning problems, poor breakfasts and unfriendly staff.So, this time I wasn't expecting a great hotel, just a place to sleep and have a shower in the morning.However I got really surprised with this one! Very clean, new interior, no bad smells, very friendly staff and nice breakfast, very nice room and bathroom.Besides, it has several facilities, such as a computer where you can acess the Internet for free (or you can pay a fee for using wireless access) or everything you need to make tea inside your bedroom, for free!The only thing I'd call a problem is that you have to walk between 5 and 10 minutes to get to the closest underground station. But that was not a problem for me and once you get to the undergound you are close to every London spot :)I would call this a bargain, since I went with 2 friends, and we paid 195€ for 2 nights + 2 breakfasts, that's just 32.5€/night/person!. Anyway, I got this price in a travel agency. The price in the reception was twice what we paid...	
Jul 13 2009	GOOD HOTEL	My daughter and I stayed at the Duke of Leinster Hotel. Found hotel quite good. But on arrival we had asked for a Twin Room - but were told not one available. I was very dissappointed in this as I was travelling with my daughter - but stayled as I was tired and hot and could not be bothered looking for another hotel. Otherwise this was a good hotel.	
Jul 3 2009 	Small charming hotel	We stayed at the duke of leinster hotel few weeks ago and we would like to share the lovely experience we had with our family.The check in was quick and friendly and our kids were able to go around the area as it was quite and calm.The breakfast, for our surprise,was eat as much as you can, great value for money and again our kids were delighted with the variety.We said at reception we will be back to london soon, and would like to book the same room as we had such a pleasent stay.	
Jun 27 2009 	Never again is too soon.	Best thing about this hotel is the hotel next door, which we moved to after two nights at this debacle of a hotel. The public rooms are lovely, which belies the horror story behind the scenes, which is sadly the substance of this hotel. Location was the reason we chose it. I wish we had foresight before spending the money on this dump. Towels full of holes, and very grimy.Hotel floor was dirty. Shower was useless, as the water was almost cold. TV didn't work. Windows wouldn't open. Staff - who knows. We complained, but they just did nothing. We asked if we could change rooms but that couldn't be arranged.	
Jun 22 2009 	Really good	we stayed in a triple room with 3 single beds and the room was lovely. Clean and plenty large enough for what we wanted. 10 minute walk from Paddington station, 5 minute walk from queensway and bayswater underground stations so easy to get almost anywhere in London via the underground and just 2 minutes walk from Kensington park. We did not have breakfast but there are many places to eat within a 10/15 minute walk. I will definatly be staying here again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Probably my worst hotel experience ever!	Hotel is very central, close to the underground Central Line, Notting Hill and Kensington/Hyde Park. We booked a double de luxe room from home, but were informed that no such thing existed - only standard rooms were available.We were placed in a room in the basement with only a tiny window not able to open more than an inch and a noisy and smelly maschine was right outside. The room was hot, dirty and not suitable for guests. In case of fire there would have been no escape possible.When we complained (right away!) we were told that there were no other rooms available, and this was apparently the case for all three nights we were staying.	
Mar 7 2009 	The best bit was leaving!	I booked a &quot;Deluxe Double&quot; to be informed when I arrived that the hotel didn't have any deluxe doubles and i was in fact getting &quot;a double for single occupancy&quot; which translated means a double bed in a room barely big enough for a single. The door hardly locked being secured by a cheap yale lock. The shower tray had insects crawling in it, the tiles were cracked, the toilet roll holder fell off the wall, the safe didn't work, the tv didn't work properly...... This was my first five minutes.....On complaining, i was informed that they couldn't move me as housekeeping had already gone home. I was also asked to leave my key at reception whenever I left the hotel (which I declined to do)On leaving, I found that i was covered in insect bites! A benefit I can live without.	
Dec 17 2008 	great hotel clean 7 blocks to tube	located between the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations; hotel was clean and nice; good breakfast (make sure you verify that it is included, even though my travel agent had it in writing, they still turned my children away from the breakfast and said it was not supposed to be included for my price - i told them it was, they called travel agent and let us eat, but tried to add extra to the bill) front desk at night was really friendly and helpful, a French girl, the day desk, not as helpful or friendly. rooms small, but clean, own bathrooms, put our rooms near each other; call a black cab, the one the hotel recommended was scary and tried to cheat us (they said they would not refer him again); cabbie also tried to have us walk to an ATM at night with him, would not take credit after hotel negotiated this with him; hotel intervened for us; not a bad walk to tubes, felt safe even at night. nice and clean. if you've never been to london, no hotel is right in the middle of everything, you need to tube everywhere and it is great; buy an oyster card at the airport and load it with 15 euros or so, and the tube is 3 minutes between runs, don't crowd into a full train, just wait 3 minutes.	
Dec 6 2008 	really enjoyed our stay staff were pleasant and the room was nice	me &amp; my partner stayed in this hotel whilst in london sightseeing, it made a great base being just round the corner from a tube station on the central line.the hotel was clean and the staff were pleasant if a bit vague at times. it did seem that the hotel mainly had international guests and all european staff. but everyone was friendly and we found them to be willing to help.the room was simple but adequate, and met all of our needs.we enjoyed our stay here and would definitely recomend this hotel to others if theyre wanting a base for sightseeing.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great location and great value for money	Our family of 3 stayed at the hotel for 3 days in one of the family rooms. I was definitely not expecting such a generously sized room especially in London at that price. It was a room large enough to fit 4 people comfortably, a small table with chairs. The shower and toilet was small but overall we were very happy. There were a few cracks in the walls with watermarks that required work. The tea cups were covered in dust to my horror but otherwise the level of cleanliness was acceptable.The location of the hotel was fantastic. It was only a stonethrow away from Queensway and Baywater station. There was a bus-stop nearby that had straight buses to Victoria station and the major shopping streets. The hotel was situated on a quiet street with lots of other hotels and therefore safe to walk at night and also not much traffic. There were lots of good eating spots in Baywater. Internet was not available in the rooms but there is an internet cafe close by. Overall, for the price, it went above my expectation.	
Sep 20 2008 	Whatever you do...	...try not to get one of the rooms below ground floor (next to the breakfast room). It is small, dark, dirty and noisy!We slept only 2 hours that night because we were so disgusted by the dirtyness of it. Hair, dust, mould and limescale were visible in everywhere we looked. We complained and wanted another room but they had none. In the end we had to search another hotel and only received one nights fee (out of three nights) as refund. No apologies - no one was even interested to hear why we wanted to change...While waiting to clear out the situation there were also others who seemed to have various kinds of problems with the service and rooms.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Stay..	My wife and I booked a 2 night stay at the Duke of Leinster for a 3 day sightseeing break in September 2008. We booked online and only paid a deposit of around £11 before our trip. The balance was payable on check-in with any extras paid for on check-out. We received a substantial discount booking on line.We arrived using the London Underground, the closest station being Bayswater. The hotel is a pleasant 10 minute walk from Bayswater, through the popular shopping district of Queensway.The reception staff were polite, well dressed and the reception was spotless. The receptionist was helpful and we were given the option to change our room for another if not acceptable.We used the lift (tiny - use the stairs if claustrophobic!) and got to our 4th floor room, with a nice view onto Leinster Terrace/Gardens.The room was spotlessly clean, if a little compact, with a clean if slightly shabby en-suite shower room/toilet.The room contained a mini-bar, which proved useful for use as a fridge. Please note that the hotel is NOT licenced for alcohol, so the mini-bar only contained water and soft drinks.Tea and coffee making facilities were provided but we didn't get round to using them! A fan and a free-to-use safe were also provided.Breakfast was £5 each for unlimited continental or £7.50 for unlimited continental and a full cooked breakfast. On both occasions we opted for continental only, which proved to be most sufficient, with tea, coffe, juices, fresh fruit, yoghurts, toast, danish pastries, croissants, cereals, boiled eggs, cheese, crusty bread rolls and preserves. There was an excellent selection and was well worth the money. The breakfast staff were also excellent.One evening, we booked a taxi through reception. The taxi turned up promptly and turned out to be a chauffeur driven 'S' class Merecedes with full cream leather and blacke out windows. Prices were also comparable to 'black cab' charges, so I recommend booking taxis at the hotel if at all possible. The chauffeur was polite and referred to me as 'Sir', which was a nice touch.On check-out, we were alllowed to leave our luggae in a safe place for the remainder of the day at no extra charge. The hotel staff were polite and attentive throughout our stay.In summary, a great hotel for a short stay. Rooms a little small but not cramped. Excellent reception service and breakfats. Not too far from a tube station. Lots of local cafes/restaurants/shops if you fancy a quiet one..	
May 9 2008 	Value for money	I stayed at this hotel for 3 days and must say that I'm satisfied.+ good staff+ good location (1st tube zone an 400m to Queensway station)+ clean room+ value for money+ tea coffee and wifi in room- breakfast doesn't worth 10$ better to go outside- tiny rooms (for me ok)- ground floor a bit noisy- no hair dryerMy conclusion I would stay there again!	
Nov 26 2007 	Small Cramped Room	Our double bedroom was behind reception on the ground floor facing onto the road. It was tiny, my Husaband had to climb over me to get in and out of bed and we could not see the TV because it was in a wall cabinet diagonally opposite where the bed was. We were there for 3 nights and each morning awoke to find a bag of towels outside our room, this was the only attempt at valeting the room. We have just had a look at some of the photos with other reviews and realised the room we stayed in carried a review for a single room........We booked the room through Hotelopia 10 weeks before, however, they cancelled our booking at this hotel 36 hours before our arrival and had to re-instate our booking when we refused their alternatives, perhaps this was the reason we were given a single room being sold as a double, but it does not excuse the lack of cleaning or topping up the toiletries etc.	
Aug 16 2007 	Our room very nice BUT	This hotel has a superb location, many eating places nearby and Whiteleys Shopping Centre. Our room was 304, excellent position with 3 opening windows, a bit noisy at night outside but thats London.After using my Visa card here (when it was momentarily taken out of my sight) I suspect, but not sure that, my details were passed on. I had a few transactions not mine 2 days later. Be careful in London with your credit card details!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Okay for a budget hotel	I stayed at Duke of Leinster for 1 night with my mother &amp; aunt. The room was just nice for 3 person. My father &amp; cousin stayed in another room, 2 bedded and it was slightly smaller. The breakfast lounge was exceptionally small. And the breakfast served is limited. But, we know what to expect and it didnt seem to be somewhat surprising.Pros: The hotel is clean and well taken care for a budget hotel. Good location - lots of shops &amp; restaurants.easy access via Tube &amp; other transportations.Cons:Budget hotel, expect the services as to what you pay.	
Jul 11 2007	Poor Hotel	The Hotels loaction was barely Ok, close to Paddington and hence the trains from Heathrow but that is about all that was OK.The room was small, strangely shapped with a very small window looking onto a light well so that the room was dark and unpleasent. The floor slopped so that the bed was on a lean.Fortunately we only booked for 1 night otherwise I think we would have moved	
May 3 2007	Satisfied no frills hotel	This is a decent no frills hotel. The single room was basic but bigger than others I've had in London. The furniture was inexpensive looking, but clean and functional. Bathroom was small, but new and very clean. Staff were very helpful! The lift was very small but worked. My room was had a nice view! The tube was not too close but not too far either. Good neighborhood, seemed safe. Only complaints: the fridge in the room didn't work and the decorative pillows on the bed looked old and shabby - yuck! Otherwise, I'd say if you're looking for inexpensive, no frills, safe place this is a good choice. I'd try it again!!	
Apr 2 2007 	Mixed bag	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Duke of Leinster. Since we booked through Expedia and got the place for practically free, we knew they would give us a sucky room and we were right. We were put in the basement. This room was a second one we were given after the first one was totally unacceptable...a single so small we could not both stand in the room at the same time. There is a lift, but they had some pipes burst before we came and there was sewage pouring out over it...you could hear/smell it from the lobby. That was fixed within the day, however.The Pros:The room, the bathroom and the hotel in general was quite clean. The front desk staff were pleasant, and the location was very good, on a mostly quiet street but very near two Tube stations and Queensway, which has a ton of shops, banks and restaurants/pubs. There was a good fan in the room that cooled it down well since it was so stuffy. There was a minibar but the fridge was set pretty low, the stuff inside wasn't very cold.The Cons:The hotel would not honor our free breakfast, telling us Expedia &quot;just tells people they get it but they really don't.&quot; The beds were excruciating...no support whatsoever. Our backs were aching every morning. (We could have dealt with all the negatives, which were just laughable, if the beds were better.) Our window was tiny and had a view of a wall, some pipes and garbage on the ground. They tried to charge us for the minibar, which we didn't use at all. Luckily, they didn't give us any grief when we refused to pay.We both have stayed in many London hotels and this one was about the same as the others and we weren't expecting much. Even though we rarely spent any time in the room, the most important thing to us...the beds... were so bad, I could not stay here again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Nice clean hotel	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. Overall we had a very pleasent stay.Yes, the room was small. But thats London so you can't really complain about that. It was very clean en comfortable. The bathroom was quite new en very nice. Privet safe in our room.Breakfast was good, lots to choose from and great service.The staff was helpfull and polite. Although they couldn't answer all of our questions (travel and the city).It's a good hotel, you definitly get what you pay for. I would recommend this hotel to tourists. I would go here again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Never ever again !!!!	My husband and I stayed at the end of October for 4 nights at the Duke of Leinster and just take a look at the pictures – they will “tell you more than 1000 words”. When we made our reservation on July 10th, 2006, for 4 nights -- October 28th-Nov 1st, 2006,-- I asked for a quiet room possibly located on the top floor because I am very sensitive to traffic noise. At our arrival on 10/28 we were assigned room # 104 in the basement below street level and next to the breakfast room. We asked for another room and were told that the hotel is fully booked- same answer the following day, and then we gave up. We don’t complain about the size of the room – hotel rooms in London are small, the tiny bathroom – we had bigger ones on cruise ships, the filthy, heavily stained carpet – we have slippers, the dirty throw pillows – we didn’t touch them, the vicinity to the noisy breakfast room – we are early risers,the sad looking flower box with cigarettes butts piled up – we closed the curtain. All these things were not pleasant and certainly won’t make us come again, but what really hit the roof was that we couldn’t open the window without watching it. Our room was accessible from the street (just jump a low fence next to the garbage bags) and a warning from the Hotel Management was placed next to the window “Do not sleep with your window open”, “Do not open window when you are not in the room” etc. etc.. One might say why this would be a problem in October - well it was a problem. London experienced the warmest October since the beginning of times and the air in the small room was unbearable. There is no A/C (not expected, mind you) and we hardly could sleep. I can’t even imagine what it must have been in July when Europe suffered under a heat wave. So be aware if you book this hotel during the summer season. I also noticed that only Americans were assigned to rooms on the basement level, so I talked to German and Italian guests (I speak both languages) and asked how much they have paid for their rooms on the “upper” floors. They all paid less than we did and their breakfast was included in their rate – we paid another 10 pounds per day for a small continental breakfast. By the way, the staff in the breakfast room, all of them Eastern Europeans, was extremely nice and polite. Only our sense of humor carried us through this unique hotel experience. And the “Duke” won’t see us again.	
Oct 19 2006 	disaster of a room	The Duke of Leinster might turn out to be average on another occasion, but for me on my first try it was terrible. Reason being they gave me a room in the basement that was too hot. While it was sort of cool outside, this room lacked decent ventilation, and it was a miserable two nights. I might try it again to see if another room is better, but the rest of the hotel experience was only average, and I think there are better places to stay in the area. Location is wonderful, and convenient to Paddington (Heathrow Expres). My plane landed at 9:30 PM and I was at the hotel by 10:30 and in a restaurant by 10:45.	
Oct 13 2006	Plain Hotel but staff very accommodating	This is a very plain hotel, but the staff are incredibly accommodating. I arrived in the early morning, having traveled for 24 hours from Asia. Even though my room was not available, they let me shower and change. I had an enjoyable stay at this hotel. The location is excellent. The hotel is within walking distance of Paddington Station, which is where the express train from Heathrow arrives. The parks are readily accessible and there is nightlife a few blocks away.	
Oct 3 2006 	Average hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Duke of Leinster for 3 nights at the end of Sept. The best part of this hotel is the location. It's located in Bayswater, close to a variety of restaurants, souvenir shops, and there's an indoor mall closeby. It's also close to Notting Hill, Hyde Park and Kensington Palace. The subway stop is within walking distance from the hotel, and there are a couple of city tour bus stops nearby so it was easy to catch the double decker city bus tours. This was my 2nd visit to London. When we last time, we previously stayed in Earl's Court, and between the 2 locations, the Bayswater location was the better one. For our stay at the Duke of Leinster, we booked a triple room. Probably not a good idea, as the room was very small. My small office here at work is bigger compared to our room itself. The bathroom space was also very small. Not much closet space. We were given a room on the 6th floor. As we visited London end of Sept, the weather felt like the first weeks of Dec in California, and you get a nice/cool breeze when you leave your windows open. The only thing each late night, you do hear some yelling outside (probably by people leaving the bars) if you leave your windows open. It doesn't have any A/C, so it probably would be very hot to stay during the summer as the previous reviewers noted. The Elevator was very small. If you had suitcases, only 1 person at a time can fit inside, even though we were all thin. As you were taken up, you can hear screeching sounds. You get used to it, but the first flight up could be a little scary being inside a small and old elevator.Breakfast was good for a light meal before heading out to explore London. The staff though were all very friendly. None of them were British, I believe they were Eastern European, but they were all great and helpful. The only problem one morning, a bunch of drunken guys for some reason had access to our room and opened our door. Luckily the 2nd lock was working so they couldn't really get in. We reported this to the front desk immediately and it was all taken care of and we were given new keys right away. For a while though, I had doubts with security of our hotel room, but everything was okay after that incident.In my opinion, it was a good 2 star budget hotel, which we paid about $140/night for the triple room. It was a good base for our 3 nights in London. But I think for next time, there's a lot of hotels in Bayswater that's worth a look.	
Aug 26 2006	An OK hotel	My wife, daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights during a heat wave and there was no AC which made it difficult to sleep. Our compact room was on the ground floor so we also had to content with road noise and some boisterous young people late at night. Still, the location was good, the staff very helpful and our room was ready when we arrived early. Probably would stay here again. Comments from other reviewers matched our experience.One point (and the reason for this review): The Malaysian restuarant across the street (Lagenda) is excellent. Definitely give it a visit if you like food from SE Asia.	
Jul 20 2006 	Pretty good stay!	This was our first time to London (coming from our 5 day stay in Paris) and we had a good time. We paid about $165 USD per night and it included breakfast. We stayed 4 nights (July 1-5) and 5 days, right amidst a heat wave! According to locals, it's only been the 2nd heat wave in the past 6 years! Here's what we thought about the Duke of Leinster:The &quot;Goods&quot;:- close to the Tube (Queensway and Bayswater stations) - about a 6-7 block walk to each station- close to bustling, lively Queensway street where there are grocery stores (for cheaper food), a good shopping mall, and cheaper little restaurants- we got lucky and were upgraded to a &quot;family room&quot; with a single bed and a double bed. So what I was afraid of most, being in a tiny room, turned out to be great for us. We had so much floor space! It was a very nice surprise.- front desk was very nice and helpful. They went out of their way to help us locate a church we needed to attend, etc.- continental breakfast was good and more than you need: cereal, toast, juice, fruit, hard-boiled eggs, croissants, muffinsThe &quot;Not-so-Goods&quot;:- bathroom is small and the bathroom floor was not as clean as I would have liked it - no air-conditioning! This was a HUGE problem for us because we were on the 5th floor and it was sooooo hot in our room. It made it difficult for relaxation/down-time and sleeping. BUT, we did find 2 fans in our bedroom which helped a little bit.- transportation to Victoria Station (which is where we caught the train to Gatwick Airport) cost more than we expected. We took the taxi to the station because we didn't want to haul our luggage through the morning rush hours. In general, if travelling alone or as a couple, the taxi is expensive. Take the tube or the bus as much as possible, if you're on a budget.Overall, this is a good budget hotel. If you're staying in London during the summer with hot temperatures, I would suggest finding a hotel with A/C. It was just unbearable for us even with the fans. Other than that, we were quite pleased with our stay here at the Duke of Leinster.	
Jul 5 2006	Overall A Decent Hotel	We stayed at the Duke Of Leinster for 8 nights in June. The first night we were put into a room little bigger than a closet, in which there was no storage, and access to the bathroom was difficult without tripping or climbing over the bed. But happily when the following morning we asked for a larger room given our lengthy stay, we were graciously upgraded at no extra cost into a much bigger room. The continental breakfast was wonderful, though it would have been nice if the yoghurt and milk would have been kept cold. The neighborhood is basic London, nothing special, but relatively quiet, and it is just a short walk to Kensington Park and to Queensway Road. Two tube stations (Bayswater on Circle Line, &amp; Queensway on Central) are within an easy 5 minute walk. Paddington Station is an easy 7-10 minute walk. The rooms were clean, the daily service was thorough, and the staff throughout the hotel were always pleasant and helpful. There is no WiFi or Internet access, except for the lobby computer which charged an outrageous 6 GBP for 15 minute's use. The shopping center (Whitbey's, I believe it was called) a short distance away on Queensway had computers you could use for a more reasonable rate of 2 pounds for 2 hours. The only other complaint about the hotel was that no recycling was offered, even though there is presently a big push in London for residents to recycle more. All in all, if you just want a good home base hotel with nothing fancy but in a good neighborhood with easy access to tube stations and a variety of restaurants and grocers, the DofL is a good choice.	
Jul 3 2006 	location excellent rooms basic what more do you want for the price!	I'm a Brit living overseas back in London for just a few days, needed only a place to rest. Had read mixed reviews on this site but know enough about most hotels in London that unless your willing to pay in excess of 300 quid a night, its much of a muchness in terms of quality and service. I was pleasantly surprised by the Duke - the staff whilst none of them were English were extremely helpful and friendly. The free breakfast is plentiful and in nice surroundings. You pay for what you get as with everything in life - ok the TV was tiny, the towels had seen better days and the carpets were worn. But my room was light and airy, quiet (even though it faced to the front), the bathroom was clean and it was very useful having a fridge. I had everything I needed and as for the location - wow - less than a 2 min walk and you're in Hyde Park. If you're in London for fun or business and just need somewhere to crash you can do a lot worse than this place. Recommended.	
Jun 13 2006 	Average Hotel tiny room too hot in Summer	This hotel is one of many that typically stretch along these streets in the Paddington area. The positive things are a great bathroom and shower, and otherwise modern furniture. It's also pretty clean. The negative things are tiny rooms and no A/C. The room size was just enough to contain the bed and a wall-closet-desk-combination (it was difficult to find space to place my luggage!). The heat (June) is so annoying that sleep is diffucult, and leaving the window open on the ground floor might not be safe. The distance to the next subway might be an issue for some travellers, though the proximity of Hyde Park is good. There is wifi (fee) from another hotel near by.	
Jun 11 2006	Very pleasant	I stayed at the Duke of Leinster on my very first trip to Europe, or London for that matter. It has a VERY good location, a five minute walk to a tube station and down the street from many little shops and markets where you might want to pick up any items you may want or need. The hotel itself is very small, but nice. If you are afraid of small spaces, do NOT take the elevator. The elevator can hold two people, max, and if you both want to bring your suitcases in with you, practice squeezing into small spaces :) The stairs work just as effectively but tend to slant and have no railing. Just be careful and you'll get used to it. The room was adequate for three travelers, but the bathroom door is see-through so try and hang a towel over it if you so desire. The free breakfast was rather good and the hotel staff was very helpful. My traveling companions and I were going to Paris after our stop in London and a lovely gentleman at the desk kindly helped us out by printing directions to our hotel in Paris from Gare du Nord station, very very nice of him. Overall, the Duke of Leinster is a very nice hotel.	
Jun 1 2006	Not wonderful but fine	Stayed here May 13-17th 2006. Good location right off Kensington Gardens, and very close to the Queenswater area. The hotel is on a nice quiet street and a 10 minute walk to Paddington station. To get to all the main sites in London you have to walk or tube it, but if you choose to walk you can go through Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park which is very nice. Took about 45 minutes to walk to central London.The hotel is non-smoking in terms of smoking in the rooms...however the front desk people smoke like chimney's so the hotel lobby reeks! Our room was on the 4th floor and it's up an open staircase and all the way up to the 4th floor it reeks of smoke. The room was tiny and pretty tired. Some very tired and somewhat unclean looking throw pillows were put on the bed everday which I immediatley took off. There were tiles missing from the floor in the tiny bathroom. The bathroom was clean however. The shower is tiny, so a very overweight, tall, or obsese person could not get in the shower. The bed wasn't particularly comfortable, but not uncomfortable. Carpet looks like it could use a shampoo. The breakfast was my favorite part of the hotel. The breakfast people were very nice and they had a nice buffet of cereals, toast, hard boiled eggs, juice, rolls etc. for you to choose from. Breakfast was not included in our rate so we were charged $10 a day for it. We paid $175 for our Saturday night stay and $135 for the other nights. Booked through Hotels.	
Jun 1 2006	really enjoable stay	we both had a very enjoable stay at the duke of leinster. the room we had was of a good size and had all the amenities of which you would expect of a hotel in london. the staff were very helpfull and pleasant. we both would certainley return to the hotel. over all a very pleasant break.	
May 31 2006	Great for the price	Considering the price we paid, this hotel was great. It's in a wonderful location... close enough to several tube stations and Hyde Park, but just far enough away from all the hustle and bustle that noise at night wasn't a huge problem. Our room was very small, but we managed. The only bad thing about it was that we had two large suitcases and nowhere to store them. The bathroom was actually bigger than we expected it to be, especially in comparison with the room size, but of course the shower stall is tiny. There wasn't any a/c in our room and it did get rather hot and stuffy. But an open window and the small fan provided took care of that. There is a mini fridge stocked with water and soft drinks, but we found that you could buy that stuff much cheaper at a little shop just down the street. The staff were friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out went very smoothly. The elevator (lift) was ridiculously small, but we had a good laugh over it. We only used it once, when we first arrived, and I have no idea how we managed to fit ourselves and our two big bags inside, but somehow we did. There isn't much on the street where the hotel is, but there is a pub (Leinster Arms), a shop selling beer, wine, and liquor, a convenience store-type shop, an internet cafe, and two Greek restaurants. Just a short walk away is Queensway, which has plenty of shops, pubs, and restaurants, as well as two tube stations (Bayswater and Queensway) although Queensway was still closed. Bayswater, however, is on the Circle and District lines, and therefore is a very convenient choice for getting around the city. The hotel is only about a 10 minute walk from Paddington Station, so Heathrow Express is an excellent option for getting to and from the airport. We did this, and I would highly recomment it.	
May 28 2006	would stay here again anytime	To understand my frame of reference, please know this was my first trip to London. I stayed here for 10 days late April/early May in a single room on the 6th floor. The hotel was much nicer than I expected for 45 GBP/night. There is an automatic door at entry to reception, where there is a small coffee bar and seperate small lounge area with internet. Tiny funny creaky lift worked fine. The room was of course also small, but had a large window which helped. It was rather warm a couple of nights I think due to being on the top floor, and altho air conditioner was present it was not turned on yet. The bed was comfortable, the decor very recently updated with attention to colors (taupes/tans); in fact better lighting was added during my stay. The room fridge wasn't very cold but nice to have; there was a room safe as well as a hairdryer. The coffee/tea tray was refilled daily. The ensuite was also fairly new and everything appeared very clean accept for some stains on the back staircase (used this stair a few times due to close proximity to room). Breakfasts were great, no waiting for a table at least in early AM, liked the fact breakfast was offered early. Also liked the 24 hour reception, all staff friendly and helpful. The neighborhood seemed safe and was quiet, 5 minute walk to Bayswater, 10 minute walk to Nottinghill Gate, even only 15-20 minute walk to Paddington, so location was great. Also practically next to Hyde Park, nice shortcut to V&amp;A area.	
May 25 2006	Fabulous Small Hotel	Stayed in this hotel while in London - arrived late (11pm) and they were fine with that. ( I have stayed else where and that has been a problem in the past.) They had me checked in and ready to go to my room in no time. Then I entered the smallest elevator I have ever seen. But it worked, and got me and my bag to my room. Single rooms in Europe are always small and this was too, but certainly adequate. Comfy bed, shelf system to handle all the &quot;stuff&quot; that doesn't got into a closet, desk, two chairs (used one more like a foot stool) Had a hot pot for boiling water, as well as a coffee pot to brew coffee. Also had a mini refrigerator where I stored some water, yougurts, cheese and sandwiches. There was no tub, simply a stall shower, but full water pressure and plenty of hot water. Weather was wierd - really warm and humid, changing to really cold and damp. Heat could easily be turned on and off - and with the weather it needed to be. There was no AC, but there was a fan in the closet that I pulled out and used several times. Not sure what it would be like in a very hot August.My rates did not include any breakfast, but I could partake of Continental for 5 GBP or Full English for 7.5 GBP tacked onto the bill at the end of my stay. That was wonderful. Only used it twice, so it would have been wasted if included - and probably would have made my rate that much higher. For Continental they served a full pot of either tea or coffee, whatever you requested, and had yougurts, rolls, danish, croissants, assorted cereals, assorted cheeses, oranges, apples, bananas, hard boiled eggs and grapefruit sections available with all sorts of herbal teas, jams, marmalades, butter, cholesteral free spreads, etc. The staff was warm and friendly. English is their second language, so somethings would need a few extra minutes to explain, but all in a very friendly and helpful manner.I feel I've found a home in London. Easy to get to &amp; from Paddington Station- 6 GBP either way, Nice pub down the street - Leinster Arms. Short walk to Bayswater Road and the busses there. Not too far to Lancaster Gate or, when reopen, Queensway. I will definitely be staying there again. Hope this review helps make a decision for you. Ta. M!	
May 7 2006	The Duke of Leinster - Good Accommodation in London	The Duke of Leinster was a great choice. We’d heard and read some disturbing things about London hotels – small rooms and tiny bathrooms, rude staff, unclean rooms etc. None of things applied to the Duke of Leinster. The room was really quite large (I’ve stayed in smaller and dingier hotel rooms in Australia). This was crucial, especially as we had 2 large cases and were staying there almost a week. The bathroom, whilst small, was not the tiny cubicle we’d feared. The double bed was huge (king size). We had a corner room on the 4th floor with 2 huge windows overlooking the street.The lift was small, but functional. The staff were very helpful. One desk clerk even went out of his way to save me from a parking ticket outside the hotel – he could have simply ignored the parking inspector but went out and successfully pleaded that I was just taking our luggage up to the room before returning the rental car. But a good hint – ask for a room on a high floor. Irrespective of having to use the small and quite slow lift, we suspect that the street noises may be disturbing if you’re too low (ours was fine).Breakfast (continental) was more than adequate – fresh &amp; tinned fruit, yoghurt, cereal, pastries, toast (butter, jam, marmalade, etc), hard boiled eggs and cheese, with coffee/tea/hot chocolate/ apple juice/orange juice. If you wanted to fill up for the day, and/or eat healthily, you could based just on the continental selection. A hot breakfast was available for purchase outside the room rate.The location was good – very close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens (I walked back through them on a glorious spring day, having dropped off the rental car at Victoria). Close by were tube stations (enormously useful), a bus stop (including a stop for the Original London Tour and the Big Bus Company), shops (a couple of corner shop/newsagency/grocers across the road, and a major shopping district near the Bayswater), internet cafes and numerous restaurants (Chinese, Italian, Japanese, Greek, Thai, etc, etc- even Bedouin!). The Ristorante Italiano opposite the Bayswater tube in Queensway was good.It was a good base for seeing all the sites, by day and by night.We asked the desk to arrange a taxi to Heathrow. The desk clerk estimated a cost of £38.00. The Tarago-style minibus turned up on time (if a little early), and cost precisely £38.00.If touring London, we’d definitely stay here again – no question.	
Feb 28 2006	Great Value	In a great location, just off the Bayswater road and aprox 10 mins from Lancaster Gate tube. Room was an ok size looked clean &amp; modern. Nice bathroom though a bit on the small side. Room has a TV, safe and fridge. There is 24hr reception and the staff are friendly. The breakfast room is a bit small for the size of the hotel - you have to time it right to get a table but there is a great choice to eat with cereals, toast, fruit, pastries cheese &amp; eggs and you can pay a bit more for a cooked breakfast. There are some nice bars and restaurants within walking distance but as it is on the central tube line you can get anywhere quickly. All in all a great hotel and good value. Would definitely go back.	
Feb 26 2006	great value	I visited London in August 2005. I was on a budget and needed a clean, conveniently located hotel. Duke of Leinster fit the bill. Very small lift and extremely narrow hallway, but that's common in England. Room was small, but neat, clean, slightly modern flair, and had all the essentials, including microwave and refrigerator. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel if you want great value for your money	
Feb 24 2006	Great hotel in Bayswater	This hotel is definitely a gem. It's about a 5-7 minute walk to either the Bayswater or Queensway tube stations in a very nice neighborhood. The room was fantastic! I'd put it at the level of a more well-designed Quality Inn or a Sheraton. Without the ammenities of course. The heat and plumbing worked fine. We got a corner room so we probably had more space than other rooms I'm guessing. The free breakfast was pretty good too - eggs, toast of any kind, lots of fruit, prunes, peaches, cereal, yoghurt, and juices. The bathroom, small by American standards, is about 5 feet square. This includes a corner shower about 30 inches x 30 inches ... but don't drop anything because you'll need to get out of the shower to pick it up. The pedestal sink was larger than most, but no space for toiletries bag. All the fixtures where Grohe (very nice).The best part about this hotel = VERY clean. Of course I still wouldn't sit on the comforter/duvet, but the bathroom was spotless and the sheets smelled very clean. There was even a bookshelf, safe, and full-size vanity.DON'T stay here if: you have kids, are on your honeymoon, or expect the Ritz.DO stay here if: you're a young couple looking to spend money on food and fun rather than a fancy stuck-up hotel that you would only end up sleeping in and if you appreciate a more multi-cultural neighborhood next to Hyde Park.If you really enjoy minimalist boutique hotels, go next door to the Hempel. It's great!	
Feb 20 2006	Fine hotel for a short stay.	The Duke of Leinster Hotel did not leave me that impressed but if you're only here for a short time is fairly well situated. The only problem with the room was a rip in the bed cover and overall the room was very clean. The lift did smell awful and we always had to take the stairs. Breakfast was very satisfactory though, with fresh bread and a choice of a cooked meal. I would recommend this to people staying there for 1-2 nights on a business trip or whatever. I would give this hotel 3/5.	
Feb 16 2006	Improved and worth it.	I am happy to report that all the radiators in the room we had appeared to be brand new. Two in the bedroom, one in the bathroom, these radiators were responsive and polished. No more sweltering rooms at the Duke!We also found the service at the Duke of Leinster to be well above par. The people at the desk always spoke several languages, and the breakfast staff was attentive and smiling. We kept our Do Not Disturb tag on our door for our entire 5-night stay, and each morning we received a fresh supply of towels and toiletries in a plastic bag hung from our doorknob.The room was spacious and full of light, the windows were very large and had both sheer and block-out drapes hung. The lobby and small bar area are clean and enjoyable as well.Now, the negatives. There was a foul stink in the (small but much appreciated) elevator. The stench spread down the hall to the door of our room, so I bought a can of freshener and used it regularly the first two days. On the third day, the problem had been resolved (perhaps a plumbing or mechanical issue?) and the smell was replaced, or possibly covered up with a smell of dried flowers and such.The closest tube stop is under construction until May of 2006, but the Lancaster Gate stop isn't much more than an additional block away in the other direction. There are several stores and pubs and restaurants across the street, around the corner, and on the way to the tube stops.All the rooms of this hotel are non-smoking, though you can smoke in the bar and lobby lounge areas. This was not mentioned to us when we made our reservation, so I thought I'd include that info here.The breakfast is cheese, rolls, juices, yogurts, cold cereals, and fruits, then the staff brings you hot beverages and toast. For around three pounds, you can get a hot breakfast cooked to order. The breakfast room is small but light and modern.We enjoyed our stay at the Duke of Leinster and if we had business in this part of town, we would stay there again.	
Feb 2 2006	Excellent budget hotel	This is a good example of a budget hotel. Whilst you pay less, it was clean and comfortable.Our room was small, but we were only in it to sleep and shwer so this didn't matter. The breakfast was good, and the staff extremely helpful- I left my jacket in the hotel and they posted it back to me. I had it within a week.We would recommend it. It is a clean budget hotel. The area is fantastic, you can walk to Hyde Park. It is not rough etc as another review suggests.We would stay here again.	
Jan 20 2006	Not too Impressed	First with the postives: the staff were very nice and the breakfast was good. The website and pictures show the hotel to its best advantage. Our room was crammed with furniture, quite attractive furniture but there was little room to more around because it was so bulky. The carpet was very dirty and our room had a chemically smell the whole time we were there. Our room was also dark. I wish we would have spent a bit more money and stayed somewhere else.	
Jan 11 2006	Excellent rates	Stayed at The Duke in a triple room for three nights in January 2006. The room was in good condition, toilet and shower kept very clean. Staff very helpful and friendly, the continental breakfast was fresh.Booked directly via Crystal Hotels, price 70£ per night for the room, included breakfast and VAT. The price/quality is excellent. Compared to other hotels in the Bayswater/Paddington area, The Duke is superior. I would recommend this to any budget traveller staying in London. Checked in earlier than 11 am, at check out bags could be left at the reception for the day.	
Dec 14 2005	Sloping floor otherwise okay	Stayed three nights in December. We arrived at night and I first thought that I was really really tired, but no - the floor was really sloping (!). And I do mean sloping - you walked downhill from window to bathroom. The floor aside, everything was quite as expected. Good neighbourhood, 10 minutes walk to tube station, renewed and clean bathroom (although one of the smallest I've ever seen). Adequate breakfast. And Queensway's shops and pubs nearby.The biggest surprise was that the room was almost too warm. And this was England in December!	
Dec 4 2005	Floor more Comfortable than the Bed 	Rotten room, terrible service, not a good neighborhood and way too much money for this awful place. I expect a clean room with a decent bed, shower and toliet. It's ok if it's small and I know London's not cheap. I chose it based on the glowing reviews here and was bitterly disppointed. It's tucked into a side street and after walking during the daylight (a block or so from the hotel) I was told that I should not walk by myself. The bed was so uncomfortable I felt like I had the flu after one night on it. Complaining however politely was pointless. The management and staff response was literally &quot;I don't care&quot;. This was the worst service I have ever had in a hotel. There are lots of other hotels within a few blocks on busier streets and closer to Lancaster Gate, choose one of them.	
Dec 2 2005	Totally Recommended	We chose to stay at the Duke of Leinster hotel due to the good reviews on Trip Advisor...and it didn't disappoint.We arrived early and tried to check in at 1pm. We were told the room wasn't ready and to come back at 2pm. The staff were nice and friendly and locked our bags away so we didn't have to carry them around for an hour.We booked a double room (see the picture) which was bigger than we anticipated. We had two single beds, which we had to push together - although we had to move furniture around in order to get them side-by-side! I would recommend specifically asking for a double bed when booking, as it does state that a double room is either a double bed or 'two singles which can be pushed together.' Apart from all the furniture re-arranging, the room and bathroom were spotless - very clean throughout. One down side was that it did seem very hot - although the radiator wasn't on. We left the window open all day - but it didn't seem any cooler when we returned at an evening. The view from the room - which was on the back of the hotel on the fifth floor - wasn't the best (see picture) but who cares?! We didn't spend enough time in the room to look out of the window! The hotel has a great location - close to Bayswater Tube Station where you can get the Circle and District Lines. It is also near Queensway Tube Station, which gives access to the Central Line. However, please be advised that this station is CLOSED UNTIL MAY 2006. Allow extra time for your journey, as you have to go to Bayswater and change at an appropriate station for the Central Line!Breakfast is buffet style and is served 7am - 10am in the breakfast area, which is situated in the basement. It is surprisingly bright - considering there is no natural light. It is very modern and comfortable - although there are only about 10 tables and the hotel has 42 rooms! However, we easily got a table. Continental breakfast is included - but there are signs on the walls which state you can upgrade to a Full English Breakfast for an extra £2.50 per person. We stuck with the continental and it was excellent. Fresh croissants and fruit, toast, boiled eggs, cereals and tea, coffee, apple and orange juice - you just help yourself!On check out, we were asked if we had had anything from the minibar. We did have a can of Fanta – for which they added an extra £1.30 to the bill.Overall, I would definitely recommend the Duke of Leinster as its clean, quiet, has an excellent location and its good value for money - we paid £130.00 for 2 people for 2 nights. It’s an excellent hotel for travellers on a budget.	
Nov 21 2005 	Good value service and breakfast	I stayed just one night in this hotel, which I chose thanks to the good reviews on this website. I was trying to book less than 48 hours in advance, so many websites showed no availability, but managed somehow to find a room left on ----. The rate I got (£68) probably wasn't the best I could have got if I'd booked earlier though.I booked a single room, and it was small, but not as small as a single room I once stayed in at a 4* London Hotel for 3x the cost. The decor was nice and modern, and I was on the top (6th) floor with a view looking across to the hotel opposite.Bed was really comfortable, and the room also had TV, safe, little fridge with soft drinks (wasn't sure of charges, so didn't touch these), coffee machine and kettle, and a good hairdryer. There was a small lift, probably big enough for just 2 people and luggage, which creaked in a scary sort of way.Breakfast was served in a small breakfast room on the lower-ground floor, and was great, with attentive serving staff and a large choice of cereals, fruit, pastries, juice, that you could help yourself to.. plus fresh toast, tea/coffee/hot chocolate, and for an extra £2 you could have a cooked breakfast of sausage/baked beans/eggs/mushrooms/hash browns, which I had and it was very good value for money (but probably unnecessary on top of all the pastries and fruit I'd eaten already!)As to location, it seemed safe enough but as I was there on business, I didn't try getting to the main London attractions using public transport. I found many restaurants, just a couple of blocks away on Queensway. The hotel opposite had a nice bar (which was one thing missing at the Duke of Leinster)	
Nov 8 2005	nice and central	stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my son; i had booked a smoking room but was informed when we arrived it was a non-smoking hotel.. there were three single beds in our room (room 601), nice and clean. it is near bayswater tube station which is served by the district and circle line. there is also shopping centre near by - on the third floor there is restaurants where we ate each night; overall i would recommend this hotel	
Nov 7 2005	Duke of Leinster	Nice, compact hotel near Kensington Gardens, two blocks from Bayswater tube. Room was very small but nicely decorated and came with continental breakfast. A very convenient area if you're exploring London, especially by tube. It's a one minute walk to the park and there are some decent (not great) restaurants and pubs nearby on Queensway. The Black Lion pub was a good choice for a pint and lunch, three minutes' walk from hotel.	
Nov 2 2005	Great little place	I had a wonderful weekend stay at this hotel. It was conveniently located to the Bayswater tube, buses and Hyde Park. There was shopping, pubs and restaurants within walking distance. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. I had only booked two nights but ended up staying a third and received the same rate. The room was small by American standards but I was only using it to sleep. The water was hot and my room was clean and tidy. I would definitely stay here again. I felt very safe.I would recommend this place to others	
Oct 30 2005	Pleasant stay	I stayed at this hotel twice this year: in a twin room in August and in a single in October. Both times, I was very pleased with the hotel. It's in a good situation near Kensington Gardens, yet convenient for public transport.The rooms were both small, but well organised and very clean. The shower rooms were good. The single room was on the ground floor and a little noisier than upstairs. In August, the hotel was very warm, but we had an electric fan in the room.Buffet breakfast was good and the breakfast room pleasant. The staff were all very nice and helpful on both visits. The cost was very competitive (I used a reliable website booking service). I'd certainly stay there again for good value for money and good conditions.	
Oct 27 2005	beyond my expectations	My daughter and I just returned form an eight night stay at the Duke of Leinster hotel. After much internet reaserch, I decided on this hotel mainly because of the wonderful reviews that I read in trip advisor. The hotel truly lived up to what was written about it; in fact it more than exceeded my expectations. My daughter and I were warmly greeted by the staff when we arrived at 8:00am. They took our luggage, directed us to a coffee shop and had our room ready in 1/2 hour, which was greatly appreciated after our long flight. Throughout our stay, every member of the staff that we encountered greeted us with a smile and was very helpful.We had a twin room on the fifth floor (#506) which was rather spacioius and extremely clean and quiet. The bath was also spotless and had great hot water and strong water pressure. It was also very convenient to have a mini safe in our room. The neighborhood was very pleasant and felt safe to walk around in. The park is only two blocks away which was great for jogging and walking. It's a short walk to the subway and thus very convenient to get around London. I would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 21 2005	100% recommended !	My friend and I stayed 2 nights in mid-October 2005 in twin room 406 on the 4th floor, which seemed recently decorated in simple tasteful earth colors. It was spotless and rather big, extremely quiet and had wonderful mattresses (beds can be pushed together). No view except of small private backyards but the room was bright enough through a big window.Rather small bathroom but with new facilities and absolutely immaculate; high ceiling, window (natural light) and great shower (for both temperature and water pressure).The 2-person elevator is obviously small since it was added to an old mansion; it’s a pleasant alternative to walk down the spacious staircase and enjoy the original architecture of the house.We confirm everything that has been written about the generous and fresh breakfast (rolls, croissants, choice of toasts, eggs, cereal, yogurt, fresh pealed grapefruit, individual coffee pots – real coffee ! – etc.) served in a small basement room cleverly lit like the sun was shining through the curtains :). Breakfast is from 7 to 10 am on weekdays and from 7:30 to 10:30 on Sundays.Usage of the luggage room was systematically offered before checking in and for the rest of the day after checking out.Excellent service, and very friendly 24 hour staff.Good location near Circle line and busy Queensway, in a clean peaceful neighborhood.We couldn’t have found a better place to stay and will keep it first on our London list.	
Oct 17 2005	Great little hotel	I recently stayed for one week, this great little hotel was in a perfect location for the money. I had a single room that i booked over the internet via the hotels direct web site, i found this cheaper than other methods. Included was a fab breakfast, boiled eggs, toast, juice, tea / coffee and the like. you could upgrade to a cooked breakfast for an extra 2pound. i had a small problem that was fixed by moving me to another room without any complications. Basically, the heating system was just being started up and noises were coming through my heater, so they happily moved me. This was great because i ended up with a larger single room. If travelling by yourself ask for room 504. This room as with all rooms had been recently refurbished, great, new but small bathroom, tv, tea /coffee making facitilies, mini bar hair dryer, room safe etc. Across the road was an internet cafe, camera shop, 2 grocery stores (small) and a couple of restaurants, mainly the area had some better hotels and some residential accomodation as well. The area was very safe to walk around even at night. The nearest tube was about 5mins away but Hyde Park was even closer. Would certainly stay here again. More like a 4 star than three, doesn't have a restaurant although not needed. This hotel was very clean and very comfortable with a lift.	
Oct 12 2005	Nice hotel; high housekeeping standards	Many of the hotels in the Bayswater/Paddington are truly awful fleabags. Thank goodness for the Duke of Leinster, which maintains much higher standards than many of its neighbors. I recently stayed in a front-facing single room on the fifth floor. It was compact but quite immaculate and well-laid-out. The bed was extremely comfy, and the desktop fan, safe, and mini-fridge were all thoughtful touches. Decor is modern and uncluttered, in an IKEA-type style. The bathroom was tiny but sparkling clean and everything worked well; water pressure and temperature in the shower were both excellent. Breakfast is served in a small, bright, cheerful room in the basement. Food is plentiful, and I was happy that fresh fruit and excellent yogurt were among the choices in the buffet. If you prefer, you can pay 2.50GBP extra for a cooked English breakfast. The breakfast-room staff were very hard-working and helpful.One word of warning when paying your hotel bill: the Duke of Leinster uses Dynamic Currency Conversion. So, when your American credit card is swiped, the total is automatically converted to dollars, at an exchange rate not favorable to the customer. This happened to me, and when I requested that the transaction be voided and resubmitted in pounds sterling, the young receptionist genuinely seemed not to know how to do that. Since there was no manager on duty at that moment, and I was in a hurry, I didn't argue the point. But this left me with a slightly sour aftertaste after what had been a very pleasant stay. I wish the Duke of Leinster's billing practices were more in line with this hotel's otherwise very high standards.	
Oct 1 2005	Small but convenient	My wife and I stayed for 6 nights and were satisfied with the hotel. I asked for and upstairs room and they gave us the bottom corner, too noisy in early mornings. Carpet was torn, but bathroom was clean. Convenient to Bayswater tube on Cirlce &amp; District lines that gets you to most tourist sites. Hyde Park short walk away and recommend spending some relaxing time there.	
Sep 26 2005	Nice homebase for London visit	Nice location in Baywater area of West London. Pretty convenient to Underground - and would have been better had the Queensway and Bayswater stations not been closed (Queensway for renovations, and Bayswater because of the bombings). Also walking distance to Paddington for Heathrow Express. Friendly and helpful staff. Rooms were clean and nicely furnished. Ample included breakfast - and you can upgrade to full English for a reasonable addition. The rates were quite reasonable through the Crystal Hotels website. Also walking distance to supermarkets, laundry, and other shops on Queensway. Location makes all of London very accessible by Underground. Proximity to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens makes for nice walking.	
Sep 21 2005	The hotel of my next visit to London	I read the positive reviews of this hotel before I travelled to London as a tourist. I stayed one week in single room and was not disappointed.My room was on the 5th floor and had everything their web page advertised. Good value for the money, excellent location, good service and clean modern room. Absolutely the hotel of my next visit to London	
Aug 27 2005	Great London Hotel	My daughter and friend (both 18) stayed here for two nights after I read the reviews on Trip Advisor, and paid £59 per night for a twin including breakfast (booked direct with the hotel on their website). For this bargain price they got a decent sized room by London standards (upstairs, as recommended by others), which was clean and well equipped. The location is superb; for the benefit of anyone concerned about tube travel in the present climate, the buses run 24 hours a day (also vital for anyone returning late in the evening as the underground doesn't run ovenight) from a stop very near the hotel on Bayswater Road.They thoroughly recommend this place, and couldn't fault it.	
Jun 28 2005	Great !	I stayed there 2 nights and I can say that its the best time I ever had in London. Great location near metro; clean, spacious and beautiful rooms; helpfull staff. just great, go there!	
Apr 26 2005	Excellent Hotel!	Absolutely loved this hotel. Great Location, very clean and spacious, extremely modern and the staff were friendly and helpful. After searching the net for hours for a decent hotel in London, we settled on this hotel because of the excellent reviews it has received on Trip Advisor. The hotel is in a great location only about 5-10 minutes from the Bayswater tube and busy Queensway. The breakfast is fantastic and there is no shortage of hot drinks and toast. We recommend this hotel highly and would definately stay there again.	
Feb 17 2005	excellent value and location	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in one of the rooms downstairs.The room was clean spacious and had all modern facilities. the location of the hotel is excellent with bayswater and lancaster gate tube within easy walking distance. the only reason i havent given this hotel an excellent rating is that being downstairs the room wasnt all that light and the breakfast room was next door and the noise from preparation did come into the room. the friendly staff did offer us a twin room upstairs from the outset so it was our choice to take the double downstairs. the staff are very friendly and happy to help and the breakfast was great with a good selection and endless tea and coffee.I would have no qualms in returning to this hotel should i visit london again.	
Feb 14 2005	to be recommended - good value for price	I booked this hotel over the internet (----) and we paid 55 Pounds per night (+4 Pounds p.P. for breakfast) and got an excellent located hotel in a nice area (5 mins to Hyde Park and 8 mins to next tube station) with clean rooms and bathrooms, good room service (daily cleaning and new towels) and standard breakfast (coffee, tea, juices, cereals, fruits, cheese, marmelade, eggs, toast and rools) in a small but nice and modern breakfast room in the basement of the house.  I would go there every time again (so it is recommended!!!), but ask for a room in the upper floors as ours was on ground floor and one has to close the curtains while staying in the room , because the street and the pavement is very close to the windows and everyone could look inside! This was not a problem as we only spent the nights in the hotel but I would ask for this next time.  For London you get good value for price. 	
Dec 31 2004 	Great Value For Money	A great value for money hotel close to Paddington station. Good clean rooms, breakfast OK.	
Dec 15 2004	Nice Hotel!!!	All I can say: friendly staff, clean modern and nice rooms (small but that's normal in london), good breakfast and ideal location! And this fora very good price (about 60£). The best Hotel in this price area!	
Dec 11 2004	Great Location in Bayswater	We chose the Duke of Leinster due to its location which was right across the street from our daughter who was spending a semester abroad. It was also only a short distance to the Underground station which was extremely convenient. This hotel is small and very quaint with updated furnishings. We stayed in a couple of different rooms - the 1st was actually smaller than a cabin on a cruise ship with no room to open an average sized suitcase! The staff was very accomodating and moved us to a larger room with a balcony when it became available. The only bad thing I can say about our stay was the fact that houskeeping didn't clean the bathroom floors before we got into either room and didn't bother to clean them while we were in them. Besides that, I would definitly recommend staying there. For the aproximately $145 per night (including taxes and fees) it was not a bad way to go. And for a couple of hotel snobs, that is saying something.	
Nov 10 2004	Had a Wonderful Stay	We have just returned from London from a 4 night stay. We orginally had booked another hotel but after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we changed to the Duke of Leinster Hotel. We were not disappointed. As per most of the reviews of this hotel, it was very neat, clean, modern, small rooms, great showers, good breakfast, close to the tube, great resturants/pubs nearby, and helpful staff. On top of all this we arrived early in the morning after a long flight from the states, we were expecting to drop our bags and spend the morning touring. We were surprised when we were allowed to check in at 8:30am. This allowed for a quick nap and shower before we tackled the streets of London fully refreshed. I would return again to this wonderful gem in Bayswater.	
Oct 17 2004	Orrible Experience...Do not go there!	It was a orrible experience. I had booked the hotel over the internet and paid 120 USD for a single. When I showed up at the hotel after 15 hours flight they told me that the hotel was overbooked and therefore they had no place for me!!!!!! The manager was not serious, they refused to give my money back and all they told me they could do was to rebook me to a MOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No price change though........120 USD to sleep in a MOTEL!!Don't go there.......it was extremely uncomfortable and very unprofessional from the hotel managment side. I certainly will never try to go there again	
Sep 22 2004	A gem in Bayswater	I was suitably impressed with the Duke of Leinster for the money. Stayed one night here during a business trip. Had a good, clean room on the top floor. No A/C but the window and fan cooled the 27C+ warmth outside to a tolerable temperature inside. Plenty of hot water and clean towels. Staff helpful, my kettle didn't work and they rushed around and found a fuse for the plug. For £35 for the single room (w/o breakfast) I think this was a bargain and would certainly stay there again.	
Aug 16 2004	Ask for Room 302 if you don't mind the noise	England is expensive. This place is comparitively reasonable. The location is outstanding, just make sure you know how to get there, because the foreign speaking desk cannot help you, even if you're calling from your cell phone just around the corner. They are trying to be nice, but they just do not know. Ask them where Westminster Abbey is, they haven't a clue. Ask them about parking regulations at great risk to your pocket book. But you get a wrap around balcony in Room 302, although they tell you there are no balconies in the hotel. Every amenity, coffee and teamakers, tiny bathrooms that work, safes work as well, so do TVs. Clean rooms and an art deco decor. Our friends stayed on the ground floor with no view in a room too small to deposit your suitcase. This is a place where you want to attempt to get the facts in advance, except there is the little problem of the information void at the desk! There is street noise, 2 hotels are across the way. And if you want your room made up you had better decide to be out by 9am, otherwise they'll tell you upon waking you, blazingly unapprovingly, that there is no room service for you today. In one week we got lucky twice, being severely reprimanded each morning, but it was more comical than anything else. The breakfast was good. We liked this place.	
Jul 20 2004	Short Break	Clean, tidy, but very compact! Required a room for two nights and used the web and this site for selection. The Duke of Leinster is positioned well amidst the many tourist hotels. After booking in we were directed to a room which at first appeared as a &quot;cupboard&quot; directly opposite reception (Room 202). Ground floor, vast bay window, not double glazed thus noise from street very noticeable, with little space for movement. Bathroom compact but good - one of the better showers I've used in hotels. Lighting was poor - including only one bedside light and a single bedside table (chair had to fulfil second table task).Breakfast room smallest I've ever seen, though staff very willing to provide what was needed.In searching the web for this hotel I discovered and booked through a site in Australia which saved £50 on a two night booking! If I had had to pay the usual price I would have not considered it value for money.But to be honest - should I need a couple of nights in London again, I'm likely to consider the same hotel.	
Jul 15 2004 	Expensive but clean and centrally located	We stayed with our 17-month old at the Duke of Leinster in mid-June 2004. The hotel was exorbitantly expensive (by U.S. standards) for the size and amenities of the rooms, but clean and centrally located (near the Bayswater and Queensway stations). The neighborhood is diverse and vibrant, with Moroccan, Malaysian, Indian, Thai and Chinese restaurants within walking distance. Breakfast is served in the basement in a cramped room, but the food is decent and service is excellent. The rooms are very small, but elegantly furnished and rooms facing the street have large windows with balconies. Staff are knowledgeable about the city and can help plan day trips. The elevator is incredibly small (barely enough room for one person to stand in) and might pose problems to people with a lot of luggage or those in wheelchairs.	
Jul 8 2004	Not too bad for the price but NO air conditioning	We stayed in this hotel in mid June 2004. Room was very small by American hotel room standards, but adequate with bath and shower ensuite. Location is excellent for the tube and as of this writing; an Internet Cafe is about 2 blocks from the hotel. Breakfast was a step above the typical hard roll and butter. Cereal, fresh fruit, and delicious pastries were all included. However, be careful, as there is no air conditioning in the rooms...no matter what the listings tell you. We had to move from the 6th floor to the ground floor as there was limited ventilation, the temperatures were in the 80's and it was uncomfortably warm and stuffy in the room. Also, do not let the front desk book a cab for you. Our fare from Paddington Station to the hotel upon arrival late at night was $4.00. We needed an early morning cab (4:00 a.m.) and requested the front desk schedule one for us. When the cab arrived, it was not a licensed cab, just some guy with a car who was a friend of the clerk. He informed us that the rate to the station would be $14.00, which was over 3 times what we had paid upon arrival. As it was very early and we had to get to the airport, we were trapped and used his service. So our advice would be to clarify that you want a licensed cab...this is what we expected, but not what we received.	
Jun 18 2004	Nice clean hotel close to shopping and tube	We stayed in this small but very clean hotel for two nights. The room next to the street was very noisy, but we asked the management to move us and the room at the back was very quiet. It was located to Kensington Gardens and many shops. We would stay there again, but ask for a room away from the street.	
Mar 26 2004	Excellent Hotel! Cheap Clean 		
Mar 23 2004	Best hotel in London at this price!!!!!		
Feb 27 2004	good and clean		
Jan 29 2004	Great deal for the price!		
Dec 26 2003	Nice location pretty hotel friendly people		
Dec 15 2003	Great for a family		
Nov 19 2003	Great Location good deal for price		
Aug 23 2003	Kocation good room too small for us.		
Jul 1 2003	Excellent Small Hotel for the Money		
May 18 2003	Quiet modern and clean!		
Oct 10 2009 	Inégal		
Jul 28 2009 	hotel correcto		
Jul 13 2009 	moyen		
Apr 19 2009 	Habitacion horriblemente pequeña en la planta baja 104		
Feb 26 2009 	Calme et confortable		
Nov 9 2008 	cuidado con la habitacion 101		
Feb 27 2008 	soggiorno a londra? duke of leinsterovviamente!		
Sep 2 2007 	a oublier		
Jul 3 2007 	Nada del otro mundo		
Jun 2 2007 	SIn pena ni gloria		
May 21 2007 	Really good!		
Dec 10 2006 	Reservé un mes antes y cuando llegamos nos mandaron a otro hotel		
Jun 26 2006	Gutes preiswertes und sauberes Hotel		
Apr 30 2006	A Good Hotel		
