Nov 11 2009 	Better than you may think but still not worth it.	Pavilion definitely looks better than the majority of small hotels in the neighbourhood. Their lobby makes quite a positive impression, though it does look like a flea market ). My room was called &quot;Underwater love&quot;, standard single. It is tiny, but ok for one night. It was really clean and though I did find some things really tacky, it was still better than same level hotels, as it does have some personality. These were the positives. I really disliked the bed! Pillow was too small, there was no blanket case (sheet + blanket, like on the old trains), seriously, what's up with that?! There was also some strange plastic material covering the bed under the sheet, do people tend to pee themselves in the &quot;underwater&quot; room? And now the worst - bathroom. It is just plain horrible! Cheapest possible version of a cabin bathroom with no water pressure in the shower and it also took approx 8 min for it to actually get warm! I actually care for rooms slightly less than for a bathroom during my hotel stays, I really appreciate my shower after a long day, and that was just by far the worst I've ever had in London or anywhere else. The last, but not the least is the street noise. It is REALLY disturbing. Do not stay there if you are a light sleeper or ask for a room not facing the street. I am still glad I did stay there as I was really curious about the decor, and the location was great, but I won't come back. Easy hotel Paddington is a great budget option in the area, too bad it was fully booked.	
Oct 13 2009 	Do not stay here!	I booked this hotel for my mum and sister because it looked different. I thought being an independant hotel the service would be better than a chain - more personal. We arrived at the hotel in the evening; I had travelled down from Scotland and I was going to a friend's birthday party that night. THERE WAS NO HOT WATER IN THE HOTEL. When I went to take a shower and realised I phoned reception and they told me I needed to leave the water running for 5-10 minutes. Still no hot water. Then I was told it was due to a fuse that had blown and it would be coming on shortly. Still no hot water. Finally I was told a plumber was coming out and it would be working by the morning. Which meant I had to take a freezing cold shower. Hair dryers were not provided as standard in the room. My sister and I asked if they could phone for a taxi. They said they would but sometimes the taxi firm they used didn't show up. Sure enough, twenty minutes later we were still waiting. They then said they would hail us a black cab. Ten minutes later we went outside ourselves in the dead of night, only to find that the hotel attendant who was supposed to be hailing a cab was idly standing in the car park. Very odd. Needless to say THE NEXT MORNING THERE WAS STILL NO HOT WATER. As WE HAD TO PAY UP FRONT, we could not refuse to pay the bill. I wrote a letter of complaint and heard nothing back. We were offered to use their private shower as an alternative, but we did not want to use someone else's bathroom. They basically said, 'It's not our fault there's no hot water'. They failed to understand that equally it was certainly not my fault, and as a customer paying £150 it was unacceptable and insulting. THIS HOTEL IS USED FOR PHOTO SHOOTS - THIS IS ALL IT IS GOOD FOR IN MY OPINION. IT IS NOT FIT TO RUN AS A HOTEL. My stay in London was uncomfortable and disappointing and I would never stay there again.	
Sep 15 2009 	So much better than expected!	I booked the hotel as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday, wanting something quirky and different. Not being a seasoned hotel booker I booked before checking the reviews. I'm glad I did though because if I'd read the reviews first I wouldn't have chosen there and I'm so glad we stayed there! Arriving there was as quirky and lovely as I'd hoped with the chinzy wall paper, old fashioned designs and very friendly staff. We were in the Red or Dead room on the top floor and it was beautiful. Having read the terrifying reviews of certain toys in drawers and hairs on beds its fair to say I was nervous. I didn't need to be though, the room was clean, the bed was comfy and the overall atmosphere with the little details such as the old styled lamps and curtain around the bed was like a little red haven. Even the breakfast in the morning was a lovely little touch, fresh milk and orange juice with a nice selection of grub.Yes the bathroom was small, but it was clean, had a toilet, sink and shower (and even had the toilet paper folded to a point - always the sign of a good hotel!!)What more do you want from a small, inexpensive (compared to london prices) hotel? The Pavilion Hotel isn't your regular bog standard hotel and if you are going there expecting that you will be disappointed, The Pavilion Hotel advertises itself as different and interesting and it pulls it off well. Visitors going there should be going to have an experience, if you want somewhere to put your head for the night find a Travel In.	
Sep 5 2009 	Brilliant Concept - Lacking in the execution......	My hubby and I stayed here for one night for our 1st Wedding Anniversary. We wanted someting different and quirky. We weren't dissapointed on that front bu there are areas of concern here. The hotel staff were helpful when we arrived early and allowed us to park our car and head into London for a spot of sightseeing. We were told our room would be ready around mid day. We arrived back at about 3pm and given our keys. We went up to the room to find that not only was the room disappointingly small but also had not been cleaned. Once the room was cleaned and we finally got in properly we were again disappointed to find the following issues.1) The bed was very uncomfortable and felt like a really old knackered mattress.2) There was only one very flat pillow each.3) The cushions and throw on the bed were very stained some of which were rather suspect in nature. As was a lot of the furniture in the room.4) The bathroom was nothing more than a plastic caravan style shower room squeezed into a cupboard. The water took ages to warm up in the shower and the shower hose had a split in.We loved the fact this was very quirky and unusual and would not have minded the small rooms had they been clean and the bathroom better proportioned. Dispite the previous reviews on here I'd say the breakfast was pretty good wth cereal, croissants and chocolate muffins with fresh milk for coffee.It's a brilliant concept but definatly feels now as if it is somewhat neglected. I could do with having half the rooms but better sized rooms with a similer querky feel.	
Aug 7 2009 	What I would like to say.... would not be printed.	Booked this hotel for a few nights. On arrival were given the &quot;Flower Power&quot; room- it had more in common with the storage yard of Steptoe &amp; Son than anything else... as a matter of fact I'm convinced that's where they got the furniture. Requested our money back and after an unpleasant and threatening encounter, eventually got the money back. My advice is give this hotel a miss, there are plenty of lovely hotels in the area, as we discovered. The location is fabulous and there are some great bars and restaurants in the area. Don't be fooled by the photographs. You should have a lovely time in Sussex Gardens... In the end we did.	
Jul 22 2009 	Funky? No tatty....	I was drawn to this hotel by its location (close to the railway station) and apart from that my expectations were not met.I was also drawn by the electic photos on the hotelclub.net website; I'm afraid reality was a let down.It claims to be funky and individualistic. Unfortunately, it was just tatty - interior design and furnishings from a down-at-heel car boot sale. The bathroom was tiny and grubby, the room uncomfortable , the 'breakfast' tray was almost an insult, an after-thought at best!The staff did their best but when returning in the early hours one morning I was unable to rouse the night porter. I could see him fast asleep but it took half an hour to rouse him from his slumber.Funky? No, just downright tatty.....	
Apr 21 2009 	Creative Funky Excellent place for escape from the ordinary	This is not a white on white hotel. I think one of the major problems that people have is the shock of a truly creative place. I've stayed here twice and each time the desk person has been funny, helpful, and courteous. They let me keep my bags there for a couple days when I wasn't a guest. Breakfast is delivered outside the door - nothing to write home about either way. The rooms have always been clean and once I had a problem with a leaking faucet in the bathroom, and I was moved immediately. I would say that if you are wanting the sort of place that they make chain hotels from, this is not a great place for you, but for people who love color in their lives, this is it!	
Apr 21 2009 	We had a really disappointing experience	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Our room was very very small and very dingy (two of the eight extremely low wattage bulbs were not working). We found a condom and wrapper on the canopy over the bed. The tiny bathroom (the only one in the whole hotel with a bath) was clean but needed to be re done as the enamel on the bath was cracked and rust was showing through, the bath and basin were yellow but toilet was greeny grey and the plastic cistern lid did not fit or match the cistern. The bed was partially collapsed and the mattress was ripped and stained. There was about 14 inches of space between the bed and the wall on both sides. You will find rave reviews about the place but they are presumably dated as there is nothing to rave about at the Pavillion. A cramped low grade hotel that has been furnished from a car boot sale. Breakfast consists of a plastic box containing a jug of milk, two packets of cornflakes and three croissants delivered to the floor outside your door.	
Dec 28 2008 	Hellish Nightmare	I have never written a negative hotel review but this particular &quot;hotel&quot; has given me new inspiration. The photographs of this place looked cool and eclectic, but when we arrived it was just broken down and nasty. Management , and I use the term loosely , was extremely hostile. When rolling our luggage outside along the sidewalk, one of their outdoor ceramic tiles flipped over. Two women ran out, bent over and began to hurl insults at us. I do not know if they were inebriated or of poor mental health. My husband wanted to try and help them fix the tile but they became so rude even insulting our home, the United States. We did not even stay one night but we are still trying to recover the money for three nights that we foolishly prepaid through hotelclub.com. We stayed at the Hilton and had a lovely time.	
Dec 7 2008 	The coolest hotel in London	I was initially put off by all the bad reviews of this hotel, but seriously, this hotel is not for someone who just wants a bog standard hotel room with no personality. It is not for business people or older people (due to the fact that there is no elevator) but it's definitely one for the hip, young crowd.My boyfriend and I stayed here when we came to London for a long weekend to see a gig, and we loved every minute. The bathroom was tiny, and it was our only real grumble, but we could go to the toilet, brush our teeth and shower comfortably. What more do you really need from a bathroom?We stayed in the Better Red Than Dead room, and we loved it so much that we took photos to show off to our friends and family. It really gives you a different experience from other hotels, and we really loved it.The price is amazing for that part of London, the location is brilliant, just a few minutes walk from the nearest tube, and I will most definitely stay there again in future.	
Nov 29 2008	Awful	Diabolical, the shower flooded during the evening and for almost an hour we were not offered another room but simply told to sit on the bed while they mopped uop around us. Was then moved to another room at 2am which had twin beds (issue as the night had meant to be a romantic treat) and the sheets had other people's hair on them. Really horrible experience with dire customer service, would never stay there again - also refused us any discount on the full rate we paid which considering the general nightmare of the evening was outrageous.	
Nov 12 2008 	Okay but I don't think I'd stay again	London hotels were very busy this week for some reason and the Pavilion was one of the few with available rooms at a reasonable(ish) price.I was intrigued by the photos and the reviews and willing to give it a go.I'd booked a &quot;superior single&quot; and got the &quot;Cosmic Girl&quot; room, which had a double bed (the one with naked women cushions that someone else didn't like). The room was obviously quite bling - silver/chrome and dark brown, clean and reasonably sized if not huge. It was in the basement though, with very little natural light, and I had to keep the blind closed as there was some work going on to create a &quot;water feature&quot; in the yard outside. It was quiet at night, however.The guy at reception (the same one every time over two days) was reasonably pleasant, and I didn't have a problem with having to leave my key there when I went out (didn't we always used to do this???)The much reviled breakfast tray was so bad though they'd be better just saying breakfast not included - there are plenty of cafes nearby.All in all it was an &quot;interesting&quot; experience and while the Pavilion might be a fun place to stay with a friend I don't think I'd stay on my own again.	
Oct 26 2008	Not a serious hotel	First of all, I have not stayed at the hotell. This is a review of their custumer service. It took me several days to get a confirmation of my booking.When you email them, you only get a standard automatic reply. I tried several mails, but no answer. At last I called them and they confirmed my booking.Now I want to cancel the booking, and I have the same problem.They claim a written cancellation by mail or fax. But when you mail them, you get the same standard mail as a reply. And when you fax them, they do not answer at all.:-((((((	
Sep 25 2008 	Quirky 	This hotel is definately out of the ordinary. Imagine staying with an eccentric theatrical aunt in an older london property and you get the picture. There was thick carpet everywhere so it was quiet , we never heard other guests. With the thick curtains our room was very dark and we slept really well. For those in the know the different wallpapers were expensive specialist ones and not easily got hold of.Everything was clean, bed was comfy and breakfast basic but OK. Bathroom was small (more like a caravan bathroom) and being up early the hot water took awhile to get to shower but all Ok once it started to come through.Nice flat screen telly on wall.This hotel is out of the ordinary and not for anyone wanting to stay in a more traditional style of hotel,	
Sep 14 2008 	Quirky? You're having a laugh!!!!!	I couldn't get into the Quality Crown or the Hilton Metropole (my own fault for leaving it too late), so I booked in here.Walked up the drive to find a load of builders in the hallway having an argument with the hotel staff about works. The builders stormed off.Checked in and was made to pay the full amount in advance. Given previous reviews of this hotel, I was loathe to refuseWalked up several flights of stairs. There was plastic sheeting on the stair carpet and chunks of plaster falling off the walls.Got to my room (actually it was a shoebox that looked like a Baroque Bordello). No air con on a very hot day. Tiny sliver of oddly smelling soap. No shower gel or shampoo. Room was dirty and dusty.Came down the stairs to find stair handrails covered in dust. My dark work trousers were covered in the same and needed dry cleaning. Complained to staff and was looked at like I'd arrived from another planetGot up the following morning. Shower was freezing. Staff spent half an hour trying to fix the problem. When eventually fixed, the shower power was no more than a trickle.Breakfast... a plastic tray left outside your room containing a jug of warm milk, a packet of cereal, a stale muffin and something masquerading as orange juice.Second day, same as day one (including the shower fiasco)Third day... yep - you guessed it....This has to easily be the worst London hotel I've ever stayed in. On a positive note.... if you are ever in this area of London, visit The Royal Exchange pub on Sale Place. Brilliant authentic pub run by Irish hosts. The food really 'IS' home cooked and you can get a full roast dinner for 5GBP. And, if you've just won the lottery, they have a extensive champagne list that would put some London restaurants to shame!	
Jul 18 2008 	LOVED IT!! Made our trip even better!	After obsessively searching for the &quot;perfect&quot; room for our week long stay in London, as soon as we saw this, we screamed! I am 49 and my daughter is 17 and we had been planning a trip together all year. This hotel is perfect for someone who likes things that are really different, antiques, drama, color, style, artsy, theatrical, quaint, edgy, fashionable, decorative....I am trying to think of all the adjectives to describe it but it is hard to do unless you are standing there. It is definately not a typical hotel but that is why we liked it. We stayed in the Casablanca Nights room and it was amazing. There are alot of bad reviews here and after reading them, these are from people who should not have stayed here in the first place. Go straight to their website and look at the pictures of each room. If you get any rush at all, then you WILL love this place. Yes, you have to turn your key in when you leave, but there is someone in the office, (that looks like an office out of a design magazine), all the time so it is real easy to ask for. Then you don't have to worry about losing it anyway. The different people at the front desk were always pleasant. A continental breakfast, cereal, oj, milk, croissant and muffins were left outside our door every morning. Yes, the shower was tiny but a big shower was not a priority to us while in London. The ambiance of the place was just so worth it that we were easily able to overlook things you would find in a bigger more traditional hotel. There was no pool but we weren't there to swim anyway. We were on the bottom floor so it was easy to go in and out. We had a friend who stayed on the very top floor so he did have quite a few flights of stairs to climb everyday. There is an awesome sitting room way downstairs with antiques that are just beautiful. Edgeware Tube is about a two minute walk, very easy. There is a McDonalds, a Starbucks, a convenient store and a drugstore all within a block, easy to walk to. I would live at this place I loved it so much. If you want to make your stay in London totally unique, then I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Pavilion video	This video gave us reason enough to stay there and it can give you an idea of what the place looks like. We enjoyed it, but found the staff a little stand offish. We didn't spend much time there, because we were out in the city for the majority of the trip. http://www.tripfilms.com/Travel_Video-v63119-London-Where_to_Stay_in_London_Pavilion_Hotel-Video.html	
Jun 5 2008 	Creepy	In this hotel, we discovered: a used sex toy in one of the drawers, one foot of clearence on all sides of the bed, a picture of a topless nude on the wall, and no security. The hotel management won't allow you to leave the premises without dropping the key off at the front desk, and they also do not allow out-going calls from your room. I couldn't help but wonder: is this really a hotel?	
Jun 5 2008 	Front for prostitution probably	Given that this is described in lonely planet as a mid-priced accommodation, I was surprised to see a Lamborghini and other luxury sports car displayed proudly out front. After paying for two nights in advance, I was shown a room with naked women pillows and one that looked like a harem. I chose the harem and when I found the vibrator (seriously, I found a sex toy) in the drawer beside the sink (which was across the room from the bathroom) I tried to use the phone to call another hotel to make a reservation. I got the front desk guy and he said that the phone only accepts incoming calls! I asked the receptionist to refund my money as I was not staying in the small, dark, un-cleaned room. He refused, wouldn’t call the manager, and would not tell me his name. I left, went to a chain hotel and now have to pay for two hotel rooms for two nights! Buyer beware. If you read through these reviews, you will find another review by someone who could not get a refund, by someone who thought the area was crawling with “Ladies of the Night” and a third reviewer who was charged 111pounds for a 9 minute phone call. This shows a pattern of irregular behavior.	
Jun 2 2008 	uugh!	Stayed at the Pavilion Hotel, Sussex Gardens, London for one night May 31st 2008. Was looking forward to staying somewhere a bit different and sounded funky and cool from the website. It's not like this at all!!. Stayed in the last available room Silhouette. Horrid room, downstairs close to reception so was very noisy. The room was extrememly small, badly decorated, hard bed, smelt of old peoples houses (sorry! but you know what I mean!). The shower, sink and toilet were in a tardis like contraption and very 60's. Breakfast was disgusting, cold croissants, tepid milk and cereal, and cheap orange juice. Awful.	
Jun 2 2008 	Still the coolest place to stay in London for hipsters on a budget	Stayed for my 5th time at the Pavilion this May and again had a great stay. This hotel is affordable yet kitschy and cozy inside, steps from the Edgeware Road tube, Paddington Station, and buses to Oxford Street shopping as well as 24 hour convenience stores, and an array of nice middle-eastern restaurants. Even though I've had so many positive experiences staying at this hotel in the past, the reviews on Tripadvisor nearly put me off staying at *my own favorite hotel in London* and made me *question my own personal positive experiences* - how crazy is that? By the time I arrived at the Pavilion I expected it to be tatty and horrible, but it was the same as ever; clean, colorful, kooky and delightful. I snagged the incredibly fabulous Enter the Dragon room, decked out in Chinese satins and with crazy Chinese lanterns to light it. Just being in the room made me smile and smile and smile. The bed was ample and comfy as was the room, definitely the best room I've stayed in so far. The 2nd floor room faces out to Sussex Gardens and has a small balcony (you can't go out on though). There is street noise but with window closed this is pretty dampened. We are in London after all so I do expect some noise! The radiator warmed the room when it got a bit chilly in a totally sufficient manner. Only downside is the bathroom is minutely small and if you are 'big' you may not be able to squeeze into the shower, which you have to approach sideways - ! Still, at these prices, and with this style, having ensuite facilities was a luxury. The breakfast is nothing to write home about - cheap boxed muffins/croissant, cereal juice and milk - again, not very different than most other tourist class hotels I've stayed at. The front desk people were helpful, looking up information for me and allowing me to pay by traveller's check (you need to email and get this approved in advance, but it will save you a 4% surcharge on your room if you use a credit card) and offering to store my baggage on the day of my departure to pick up later. Requests for hairdryer and extra teabags were swiftly answered, nice! One of the desk people even remembered me from staying there two years ago. Aw! Makes you feel like family!With so many negative reviews below I have to ask, what are these other reviewers talking about? Were they staying in the same hotel as me? The only thing I can guess is that somehow it has gotten past them that the Pavilion is a TWO STAR HOTEL, for which you pay a TWO STAR PRICE. Due to that fact, yes bathrooms could be updated and there is no air conditioning (like many London hotels and homes) though I did get a nice little flatscreen TV in my room. Still, I booked my double-bedded room on Ratestogo.com for £79 a night, a rate that could have gotten me a pretty shabby place otherwise, in a worse location, with the kind of faceless institutional rooms that makes me cry (see the Tavistock for details on what I'm talking about). I had a hard time finding any hotels in London under £100 a night that were not inherently depressing *and* had an ensuite. The Pavilion is the exception to the rule. If you are looking for a really *nice* hotel with a lot of style, there are plenty to go to in London - for 2-3x the price of the Pavilion. For hip travelers on a budget, this is still the coolest place to stay in London.	
May 28 2008 	Quirky yet wouldn't recommend	I saw the website and was impressed by the weird rooms. Rocknroll hotel sounded great to me and since I like fashion photography (the rooms have served as sets to many photoshoots) I booked a room for me and my boyfriend for 3 days.PRICE: 100 Pounds for a hotel room in London is not really a lot. It seems a lot but if you think about how a private room in a hostel costs 60 pounds a night, it was okay for the money.ROOM: We had the Casablanca Nights room on the ground floor (everyone could look into our room from infront of the hotel). The size of the room was okay. The decor was extremely kitchy but alright. The bathroom was really small, the sink was outside of the bathroom next to the sitting area. QUALITY: The windows were not really tight so when we came in at night it was freezing cold. After that we put the curtains infront of the windows so the air wouldn't come in. The mattress really was hard as hell but I actually slept pretty well. The leopard bedspread was full of holes and burn marks...it was a little icky but I didn't have a problem with that.FOOD: Haha, &quot;continental breakfast is included&quot;. It's just kinda like, just ignore that part. Breakfast included: a glass of orange juice (of course not fresh), Cornflakes with milk (not even frosties??), a mufin (not fresh either), and the most boring-tasting croissant ever. Fortunately there is complimentary tea and coffee in your room (hostels have that too though...). Well, we just ignored the breakfast.INTERNET: I had brought my laptop and we found out that we had free wireless internet at the hotel which was great. All in all it was an interesting hotel, 10 minutes walking to Hyde Park/Oxford High Street and 2 minutes to the next tube station. Something really annoying though was that every morning while we were still sleeping the manager (some young dude) would start up his Lamborghini (one of his many luxury cars parked infront of the hotel) and let the engine howl for 10 minutes until driving off very loudly which woke me up every time. It's like a slap in the face since his cars are infront of the hotel and inside it's really crappy. You know, buy some new mattresses at least for your guest instead of buying another Ferrari!	
May 22 2008	Funky and Eclectic	I booked this hotel after seeing the website and before checking the reviews on Trip Advisor as I would usually. This was a celebration for my daughters 21st and I though something funky and different from the usual clinical hotels we are used to would be good. I then read the reviews and freaked out thinking that the weekend I had planned would be a disaster. I contacted the hotel to say I was worried about what I read and they responded quickly and pleasantly and of course suggested all would be well. And indeed it was! My daughter thought the place cool and I wanted to steal the fantastic rugs they had all over the place. It's quirky, slightly mad and most definitely not suitable for those that are going to compare it with the likes of an InterContinental. It does not pretend to be something its not. There are no frills (well unless you count the curtain pelmet and cushions!) and the bathroom was small but useable. We stayed in the Casablanca Nights themed double room. It reminded me of Morocco and both my daughter and I found we slept very well. Beds are very firm and squeeky but who cares, it was fun. There is no bar or breakfast room but we were served an adequate continental breakkie to our room. Muffins and Croisants were fresh, orange juice and milk for cereral was cold. I checked the sheets as another review suggested they might be less than clean, however they were crisp, smelled fresh and there were no creepy crawlies! All in all it was a fun experience and I'd stay again. Easy to get to from Edgeware Tube and within easy access of all London has to offer. We left our bags there all day after we checked out and they handed me my watch which I had accidently let behind. So if you want quirky, non clinical avant garde madness this is definitely the place for you :)	
Apr 7 2008 	worst hotel ever	this was the worst place i ever stayed in, the website made it look so chic while in reality its shabby, dirty and overpriced. Breakfast was a joke, stale muffins, and sour milk for a box of cereal. the bed was lumpy and not very clean, the bathroom was like something from the dark ages, no shower, if you wanted a shower you had to stand in the bath and hold the hose, which because my husband is tall, was almost impossible, there is no air conditioning so i can only imagine that the place would be murder in the summer,i was there in november and still found the room stuffy and hot. I would rather sleep in a bus shelter than go back to this place. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED	
Mar 3 2008 	Awful Hotel	There is nothing funky or special in this hotel. Overpriced!	
Jan 11 2008 	Bed Bugs - Disgusting!	I stayed there from January 2nd to January 5th, 2008, when I flew back home to the United States. That following Monday, I noticed several big welt-like 'mosquito-like' bites on my chest, shoulder, upper arms, neck, &amp; face. My husband, who sleeps shirtless, had many more than I did on his back, chest, and arms. Considering I had not slept in any other bed after my stay there except for my own (and this has never happened before), I have to conclude that they were from bed bugs staying at the hotel. Truly disgusting, indeed!I called the hotel a few days later after I made these realizations and they not only refused to acknowledge any such thing, but thought I was making it up. Unfortunately, I am back in the US; otherwise, I would have gone in person as soon as I noticed to show him the bites on my body.Needless to say, I DO NOT RECOMMEND staying here unless you want a nice case of bed bug bites. I can't believe anyone would imagine calling this disgusting, insect-infested place a hotel...	
Dec 14 2007	Very disappointed: very small rooms and very overpriced.	Firstly, and straight to the point: if you have £100 to spend on a hotel room in London, DO NOT spend it here.My girlfriend and I were originally booked into the 'Indian 'Summer' room, having been tempted into staying at this hotel by it's rumours of being a favourite with celebrities and it's quirky themed rooms. On being shown to the room and having been asked to pay for the room up front on our arrival (which automatically caused alarm bells to ring), we found an overly cluttered, dingy and noisy wardrobe-sized cave of a bedroom full of discarded Indian restaurant furniture and a four poster bed clinging on to life. We were scared to even breathe too close to it, never mind actually sit on the bed in case it collapsed and took the whole oompa loompa-sized matchbox of a room with it. The bed dominated this dungeon and it was a mission in itself to make it across to the window (about three pidgeon steps) to close it and so mute the traffic noises of the big City, only to find the window WAS SHUT. No double glazing = noooooiiiiiiiiiiissssse. How trading standards haven't been summoned leaves me bewildered.Having paid £100, we decided to air our misgivings to the receptionist as to the rickety bed and the rooms general claustraphobia and were thankfully given a key to a room above, named the 'Flower Power' room. This was better in the sense that it was a bit bigger, more airy and had a bathroom that could at least fit a bath in it. However, it was still very noisy, still too small compared to general hotel room standards and the bathroom appeared to be HAUNTED. No lie. Twice my girlfriend heard a loud growling behind her when she was using said room.....and me? I heard what can only be described as a loud toy duck quacking directly behind my head! It sounds ludicrous but this is a true account of events and left me empassioned enough to write this review. As for the breakfast: tiny, no butter, nowhere to eat it and you had to get on your hands and knees to make a coffee. Incidentally, is it too difficult to put wall sockets on straight?In my opinion, this place is cramped, noisy and overpriced. Certainly not recommended.	
Dec 6 2007	The bed from hell!!	I was seduced by the witty and attractive website for this hotel....the reality was different!The (triple) room was small and dusty. The bathroom was the size of an average wardrobe, containing a none-too-clean lavatory, a cracked sink and a shower with a plastic sliding door. The door to the bathroom was at the end of the bedroom through a sliding wooden door affording no privacy. THE WARMISH WATER IN THE SINK CAME OUT AT A SLOW TRICKLEWindows had no double glazing, and the traffic noise was horrendous. Worst of all were the three iron bedsteads, in a row, dormitory-style. The matresses were lumpy, hard and uncomfortable, and the single pillow on each bed thin and hard.Breakfast is served in the room (no surface except the bed to put it on!) and consisted of orange juice, cornflakes, a muffin and a croissant with jam ....no butter. Tea or coffee had to be made in the room.This hotel should forget the gimmicky decor and concentrate on giving its guest what they are really paying for...COMFORTABLE beds and CLEAN,MODERN AMENITIES.	
Nov 1 2007 	monmon	Great price &amp; great location. Near Paddington Station and Oxford Street. Chic decoration, but the room is too small. And the staff is friendly. ButI had the most scary experience in my life. The first night around 4-5am, I heard some noise from the ceiling. When I open my eyes, I saw a white guy in my room. I fall asleep again. Im not sure if it was dreaming. And the next day I told my friend, he saw the same thing too. We're sure the guy we saw is not a human!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Beware Credit Card Cheats	I booked to stay at the Pavilion by telephone and was asked to give my credit card details over the telephone. Due to a change in my business schedule I had to to cancel the reservation, which I did by telephone four days beforehand. However the 'hotel' still debited my credit card with the full amount and refused a refund. The manager was impossible to locate, the Receptionist was rude and incompetent and a so called accounts manager sent rude and offensive emails. I would warn anyone against booking to stay here or giving out credit/debit card details as in my opinion they obviously lack any kind of integrity and are out to rob customers/potential customers. Be warned!	
Sep 10 2007 	Awful	A terrible experience. This place was so bad that we walked out, despite having already paid for the night. No way were going to risk our health staying in this dive.Filthy, smelly and run down. These words are not strong enough but will have to suffice. Save your money and look elsewhere.	
Aug 23 2007 	Misleading By A Mile	This place is an utter dive. The words groovy, trendy, fashion and zany are a million miles from the truth. The claims to celebrity status are a joke. This place is horrible. The bed I slept in was the worse bed I have ever slept in, in any hotel, anywhere in the world. The room was freezing, it was noisy outside through the rickety single glazed windows and every single movement could be heard. Anyone who writes anything positive about this hotel is either a liar or associated to the hotel in some way.If you are used to staying in medium class business hotels such as Novotels then you are likely to be very disapointed.	
Jul 11 2007 	Pavilion Hotel not great	This is the first time I have ever felt an obligation to write a review on a hotel so other travelers if they book here will at least be forewarned. The Pavilion is a dive, a rundown old building badly converted into tiny little rooms. Our room was up four flights of tiny stairs, no lift available. Inside, the &quot;Family Affair&quot; room we had was so tiny you could barely walk around the beds, had only only tiny window and the decoration was so dark it felt like a cave. The &quot;bathroom&quot; was actually just a plastic &quot;all in one&quot; box like you might find in a travel trailer, about 8 square feet total, tacked into a corner of the room, could barely shut the door when inside. Virtually no water pressure for the sink or shower and toilet took three flushes to clear the paper. The &quot;full English breakfast&quot; was just dry croissants, lukewarm milk and a couple boxes of cereal. No coffee available except Nescafe packets on the wall. The only plug for the water heater pot was only the floor behind the dresser. The only bright spot in our stay was the front desk staff who were really pleasant and helpful in finding us taxis, info, etc.	
Jun 27 2007	A lot of fun	My boyfriend and I wanted to go to a non-stuffy boring hotel. We stayed in the 'Flower power' room in the Pavillion.I have to say that I've stayed in a lot posher places and eaten nicer food. But I haven't stayed anywhere as quite as groovy as this joint. The room was like something out of a 1960s movie (e.g. Mary Poppins) and it reminded me of being a kid again. In terms of the price, the location of the hotel and the facilities (friendly staff/excellent cleaning and OK food), I'd definately stay here again.	
May 10 2007 	Yikes! Never again!!	Never again will we stay here...the cabbie could hardly locate it due to the numbers being covered with the scaffolding, which covered both front and side. Our room was so smokey and dirty that after coughing, we called right down to the desk...place sold out &amp; no chance to change. Threw open the window; cheers! a worker on the scaffolding! The following day the smell had lessened, and we were given the chance to move to an even smaller room. This one was so tiny already, we decided to stay put. Sit on the bed and wash your face in the only sink!Decor so dirty, old, mended poorly, anything dark red, dark green or tartan was in the Highland Fling room, plus stuffed fish, tapestry &amp; animal horns. Cobwebs, dirt, do not touch anything or a stream of dirt comes floating out! Awful mattress &amp; pillows.Our nights were spent being awaken by the men outside yelling, arguing, women calling to each other, until about 4 AM. We were told by a local professor not to take our usual evening stroll, as in this neighborhood, the ladies who do that get paid! We ran into a couple of gals hanging out by our hotel's corner, a man followed us back to the doorway, glaring all of the time.The desk clerk was sweet, but new, so he could not help us with the room phone and the hotel's shared phone that did not work, and we were directed to a booth 2 blocks away. Same with the mail. Continental breakfast just fine. Car service clerk called for us to Heathrow was quick, kind, fantastic.	
Nov 22 2006	not great	Given the price (100 pounds/night +) this hotel was very poor. The hotel is over the top, but the decorating seems to be in place to hide the poor condition of the building. Our room was on the main floor and was quiet enough (except for the traffic - it's a very busy street) but very small. The two single beds were so close my friend and I may as well have been sleeping in the same bed. There was no soap provided, and we were given ONE towel each (!) On the second day we were not even given a towel for the floor by the shower.The bathroom was tiny as was the shower. The toilet barely flushed. The bedding was worn and the beds were horrific.The staff were very aloof - not the least bit friendly which put us off. The breakfast was awful as well (we didnt eat it ever).All in all, it was not the 'funky, glamourous&quot; hotel the website would have you believe. I wish he had stayed at a chain hotel and at least we would have had a decent shower and a comfy bed.	
Oct 31 2006 	Rubbish !!!!!	Absolutely rubbish!!! Do not believe anything the website says. The rooms are small and dirty. We had to go down the back staircase to find our room, the floor is all very uneven and we did not feel particulary safe. From reading the website and seeing the pictures you expect to be staying somewhere spectacular but believe me it's anything but.The only famous people i could ever imagine to stay at this hotel are the three blind mice!Both my partner and i are tall people so beware anyone over the height of 5'6&quot; for the towel rail in the bathroom. For an extra ten or twenty pounds stay at the Hilton 5 minutes away.	
Oct 27 2006	Beware!	Be very careful if you choose to stay at this hotel! I used the phone in my room for directory assistance, waiting on the phone for 9:24 secs and was charged 111.60 pounds sterling. I am still battling to get this money back as I didn't check the hard to understand scrawl on the bill. British Telecom have advised the bill should have been less than 15 pounds.Suddenly the staff become closed and secretive.. the public phone in the foyer doesn't work... the manager or owner can't be contacted... it goes on. I haven't received any answers to my phone calls or emails..... Stay somewhere where you can half trust the people.	
Sep 23 2006	don't be fooled by the funky descriptions!	This is not a glam, boutique hotel. This is a budget hotel, without the budget prices, dressed up to evoke a funky vibe. All rooms are themed, you can go to their website to find out more.It is about a 15 minute walk to Paddington, 5-10 minute walk to Edgeware Road tube. There are 4 pubs very close by, with more dining and pubs around Paddington. Sussex Gardens is a busy street, noisy at all times.The staff was very helpful, and accomodating. We were in touch with them frequently.The room was a disaster. The Enter the Dragon room was very small, and we had a real problem finding room for two suitcases. The tiny sink was in the main room, and the mirror was too high on the wall for a 5'6&quot; person to use properly. The toilet flushed about every other time. No bath. The shower was so small that it was a real challenge to use. A heavy-framed guest would not have been able to access the shower, let alone use it. Really, it was that small. At check in we found one tiny soap and one towel for double occupancy. We also found a toilet brush lodged deep in the bowl. The staff fixed all of this, but we had to go through it all again the next day. (not the toilet brush part)Initially the TV did not work until we found it was not plugged in. Later we discovered that outlet was the only one available for using the kettle or anything else. There was no hair dryer. There in no room safe. The bed was hard and small. Bad pillows. The pretty decorative bedding and pillows were removed for cleaning the second night. Breakfast was marginal.We specifically booked a room with a balcony. It was actually a ledge. And, it was under repair and could not be used.The old fashioned lock with metal key did not seem secure and there was no secondary security lock. We felt uncomfortable with this, and had I been travelling alone, I may have left on account of this alone.For 100 pounds a night +4 pounds if you use a credit card, there must be a better Paddington area hotel than this!	
Aug 15 2006	Not for everyone	We stayed at the Pavilion Hotel in late July. We requested the Highland fling room when we booked, and that is the room we received. So far, so good. Unfortunately, we arrived during the last few days of the heat wave, and when we opened our room, it was hot enough to bake bread. We opened the window and went out on the town. When we got back, the temperature had dropped, and the staff was kind enough to provide a small fan that proved to be a life saver since there was no air conditioning. The hotel itself is small and cramped, as many London hotels seem to be. I wouldn't classify it as more than a two star hotel though. The owners compensate for the lack of structural integrity, by decorations and furnishings of equally threadbare quality. The Highland Fling room itself is very small, but the bathroom is functional. The biggest strike against the room is its bed. It seems the owners have found a mattress that has the consistency of concrete, which is covered by iron. This is by far the hardest bed we had ever slept on. Did I say slept? I mean &quot;attempted&quot; to sleep on. Unfortunately, the pillows were made of granite....very thin granite. We skipped the breakfast, as a previous reviewer said it was just a bowl of cereal with warm milk. We walked down the street for a fabulous English breakfast at a little cafe.The staff was fine. They were not especially helpful or friendly, but we have dealt with much worse. Had the weather been more typical of London, we probably would have had a better impression of the hotel, but it would not have made the bed any more comfortable. All in all, it was an okay experience, but I'm glad it was only for one night and that it was the first night of our trip. Things certainly improved from there. Its probably overpriced by about 15 to 20 pounds, and I'd say the advertisement about the hotels style and quality is a little overblown.	
Jun 26 2006	Not great!	My Mum and I stayed at the Pavilion for a long weekend after reading about it in a London Hip Hotel guide. We stayed in Casablana Nights, a morrocan themed twin room, with a very small en-suite shower room.Overall we were quite dissappointed with our experience at the Pavilion - the room was not great, location a bit far out, breakfast very disappointing and a generally depressing atmosphere about the place. There is no bar or restuarant in the hotel but room service is available- we did however order 2 gin and tonics from room service which arrived without ice or lemon. When we asked about getting ice and lemon we were told they didn't have any and if we wanted a slice of lemon we would need to go out and buy a lemon from the local shop!! Not the sort of service we were expecting from a hotel charging £100 per night and £4 for a g+t! Also be aware that they charge you if pay with a debit or credit card.Hip boutique hotel this certainly is not but it is very different from you average chain hotel if that's what you're after.	
May 31 2006	The Worst Hotel in London	Perhaps the worst place we have ever stayed. We decided to try something different than the usual but dependable One Aldwych. We could not have gone more wrong. Terrible room in the basement next to the kitchen. We were told we could not move because we were &quot;only staying one night&quot;. My girlfriend hung up her coat only to have the rack coming crashing down and break a glass top table. We let them know at checkout and they demanded we pay for it. Could not open the bathroom door very much as it hit the bed. Could hear people whispering in the kitchen next door the walls were so thin. We were glad to be on our way. A truely terrible hotel and experience.	
Apr 19 2006	Fun little offbeat place	We stayed in the Highland Fling room for three nights and Enter the Dragon for one night and loved the ambience. The rooms were small, but we didn't come to London to hang out in our hotel anyway. It's a great place to stay if you are tired of generic hotel rooms. The staff were very laid-back and helpful with our &quot;touron&quot; (tourist-moron) questions. It was very close to the Edgware Road tube station, which was ever so convenient. There was a great pub just a couple of blacks away called The Royal Exchange where we ate three times. Nice folks, good beer and good cheap food. Also a block away from a laundromat. Very handy.	
Jan 1 2006	Could only stand it for two hours!	My English husband (I'm American) and I made reservations to stay here for a few days before visiting his parents for Christmas. Sussex Gardens is a busy street with lots of buildings converted to small hotels. Once inside we noticed that the Pavilion was kind of a hodge podge of layered Persian carpets over uneven floors and the walls were crowded with lots of paintings and bric a brac. We'd been asked by email to list our top five room choices from their website. We chose from the double rooms. Our last choice was Cosmic Girl. That was the room we were shown to. From the moment we were led down the steep, curving stone stairs, we knew we couldn't stay in that room. The hallway was small and it looked like there were utility rooms very near this room. Once the clerk opened the door we were shocked at how small and cold the room was. The floors were slate. The decor was very mod, lots of silver and chrome. One of the large decorative light fixtures had burned out lightbulbs. The decorative pillows were stained. Immediately we told the clerk that we couldn't stay down there.The clerk checked his reservation book and found a different room for us. This room was on the first floor facing the street. This double room was Casablanca Nights. This room was also small. There was no place to put our suitcases. The bathroom was very small and dark. The tiny and dark bathroom contained a shower stall and toilet. The sink is in the room. The only amenity was a single tiny bar of soap and two thin towels. We were seriously jetlagged so we put the towels over the pillows and laid on the hard beds. However, the room was very cold. My husband asked the clerk about the heat. He said it was on a timer and wouldn't be on for two more hours. He did give us a space heater that didn't make a dent in the cold. Like another reviewer on this site, we walked over to the Hilton Metropole and stayed in a bright, clean, warm room with a bathtub!Beware, the Pavilion requires that you pay for two nights if you cancel.If you like comfort and cleanliness, choose another place.	
Nov 27 2005	Not What It Says on the Tin	I booked a night at the Pavilion Hotel as a surprise, quirky treat for myself and my boyfriend for one Saturday night. We had a big evening planned and I wanted somewhere different - stylish, cool and funky. From the website the Pavilion sounded perfect, and certainly if all those 'music and film industry types' had happily stayed there, I thought it would be a real night to remember. It certainly was a night to remember for all the wrong reasons. From the outside the hotel looks good, big white pillars and very warm and inviting. Even the reception area has had a lot of effort, kitsch decor juxtaposed with antiques and clutter made it a very charming place. The hotel has long staircases which add to the feeling you're being taken to a wonderland of your very own. The room however was a different story. We stayed in 'Honky Tonk Afro' - a room decorated with in a 70's style, and always meant to be tongue in cheek with furry bedspread and lots of colourful memorbelia on the walls. What shocked and surprised me was the way this 'decoration' had been carried out - the mirror's tiles didn't fit on the doors or walls, the glitter ball had half of the glass missing from one side, the screws had come out of the sink panel, the door was cut so unevenly you could see into the corridor, the fittings that had obviously come out of the wall at some point had been pushed back in with tissue to pack the hole, the 'bathroom' became a wet room when the shower door didn't close (The room then flooded and we were called by reception to ask if we had a tap on because it was leeking downstairs!), the shower itself was like a hose pipe, the pink feather boa lining the ceiling was grey with dirt and dust and to top it off the only thing in the way of toiletries was a used soap and 2 hand towels. The services the hotel offered were no better. The staff were pleasant enough but seemed very backward in coming forward with even information about the services they provided. Breakfast at 8 was the length of the introduction to our stay. After a bad night, I was really looking forward to breakfast and recouping some of the money I'd paid. Breakfast I was told was at 8 on Sunday morning. Arising at about 9, after a vacuum cleaner in the corridor outside had woken us at 830am, I called reception to see what time breakfast finished and was told it had been outside my door since 8! 2 glasses of orange juice, 2 stale croissants and 2 small boxes of cereal with descriptions in a language I've never seen before were on a small tray outside every room. From the website, that would be my 'full english breakfast' then.I was so disappointed with this hotel. It really could have been a good night; I could have forgiven how badly the room was constructed if the basics of a hotel had been there - a clean and suitably stocked room, courteous staff, any degree of customer service and an actually breakfast - but in the end, it's an experience we will never forget as being the worst hotel we've ever stayed in. I'm left with a sympathetic sigh of a wasted opportunity, anger at being a victim of false advertising and a sense of overwhelming joy at having checked out permanently. Should have stayed in a Travel Inn.	
Oct 14 2005	Not what the advertisement says!	I just returned from a week in London UK for both business and pleasure. I stayed at the Pavilion Hotel, hoping for a boutique hotel with a bit of a twist. The website indicates that it is a groovy 30 room hotel in central London targeted at a discerning, artistically minded clientele and that it is London's chicest little Hotel. It definitely did not live up to the write up or the pictures. There were several problems with the room itself - the toliet and two of the lights did not work, the linens were dirty every day, there was no mirror by any of the plugs nor did we get new towels when requested. The biggest issue I had with the hotel was that when I asked for some of these problems to be fixed, I got a negative response from the hotel staff - not very friendly or accommodating. For example, I had to wait three days for the lights to be fixed. The hotel has so much potential but I would not recommend it to anyone since the price was fairly high. It is in a great location though - only a three minute walk from the Tube.	
Aug 11 2005	Rock Hotel Hits Bad Note	We were looking quite forward to staying at the self-proclaimed &quot;rock n' roll&quot; hotel. We arrived to find ammenities that were promised (such as a bar) did not exsist! The rooms, although glam and eclectic, were cramped, dusty and dirty. We were even supplied with dirty towels two of our five days! There was no computer onsite, even for employees. Staff could not answer even the simpliest of questions in regards to restaurant and transportation information. We were hushed by the staff as we played cards in the outdoor lounge--Don't forget, this is the rock n' roll hotel! Can you imagine what would happen if we were more than a party of four? Or Liam and Noel!?! Our bill included charges that we did not expect (we were offered complimentary sodas when the embellished bar was not available and charged 3.00 GBP per glass) and an item disappeared from our room. For an encore performance, as we left the building, we were harassed by the maid. Rock and roll hotel? Back off, Bungaloo! Instant Karma's gonna get you.	
Mar 31 2005	Absolute Dump!	We rented the family room (laughingly called &quot;A Family Affair&quot;) here for 2 nights in January, 2005. The room, a 5th-floor walk-up, had one very tiny window facing onto Sussex Gardens, a noisy, heavily trafficked road full of buses and screeching taxis. The room was colorfully decorated but the paint job could not make up for what the room lacked in comfort. A large chest of drawers occupied one corner, next to which was a small sofa, large enough for a 12-year old child to sit on. Between the foot of the beds and this sofa and chest of drawers was exactly one foot of space. There was nowhere to put our luggage where it wouldn't fall on the floor. The t.v. is really small and mounted on the wall, not very tasteful. The bathroom deserves a Fawlty Towers award for squeezing toilet, sink, and shower into such a claustrophobically small space -- British Telecom would indeed be impressed. The beds were all made up with thick plastic mattress covers with sheets on top, incredibly uncomfortable and squidgy. Around 2 a.m. our next door neighbor rolled in to his room smoking a cigarette. The smoke came under our doorway and woke us up! The next morning boxes of cornflakes and milk were left on a tray outside the door, as the hotel has no breakfast room. Avoid this place like the plague. We were so relieved when we checked out! And the Hilton Metropole up the street is 10x larger and 100x more comfortable for practically the same price!	
Jan 8 2005	For young quirky budgeteers...	The Pavilion is a truly strange little hotel with a great deal of character, but I can't say I'd recommend it to just anyone. You might like this hotel if you're fresh out of college (or still in it), traveling alone on a strict budget, and love theatrical decor. Know, however, that it is all done quite cheaply so that you're not disappointed by the fabric quality or the bathrooms when you arrive. I chose to stay there as I'm a bit of an eccentric character myself and loved the idea that a place decorated so outlandishly even exists. Most of the staff were very friendly and my request to change rooms was accommodated easily (ask for a room upstairs or which doesn't face the street). I had one unfortunate encounter upon checkout with an individual who became condescending when I denied having known of their credit card surcharge policy (i think it's 4%) and trotted out a xeroxed copy of said policy for me to examine. With no other option for payment, I felt the theatrics were a bit unnecessary. If you can afford to stay in a more upscale hotel or if location is an issue (and I don't mean proximity to the nearest tube stop), I would recommend you look elsewhere.	
Dec 15 2004	There must be better places		
Dec 7 2004	God Awful Cramped Hot Hellhole Horrible Plumbing		
Oct 31 2004	Good for the price and something different		
Oct 20 2004	Great Hotel		
Jul 10 2004	It was ok		
Jun 21 2004	Poky shabby chic rooms. Pokier shabbier loos.		
Feb 25 2004	Very unique		
Feb 11 2004	A discovery!		
Oct 25 2003	An amazing and totally eccentric find		
Oct 18 2003	lovely friendly and reasonable		
Oct 20 2009 	Un error lo tiene cualquiera...		
Aug 17 2009 	Hält nicht was es verspricht		
Jul 18 2009 	??????????????????????		
Jun 4 2009 	Trés correct vu son prix		
Dec 5 2006	Pas terrible		
