Nov 20 2009 	Where is the amiability?	The start was not how we spected,we booked 2 rooms,we were 4,and they gave us only 1 for 4 persons...small,really small.We payd for 2 separated rooms.The man who was working there,promised us to change the next day early morning into 2 double rooms.But the surprise was that he didnt remember about this and nothing was planned.He said:&quot;go make the day,and when you come back everything would be changed&quot; ...no way,we had to move hotel!!!crazy,no sorry,nothing,we have to move because our other room for 4 people,they gave to other guests!!!amazing,really amazing.When we asked our money back -cause we didnt want to spend the last night there,to dont move again-they was telling us that is not possible.We still dont know why.Sure,if we had the correct rooms at the beggining,maybe the stay would have been perfect...unfortunatly &quot;the boss&quot; was not ready to &quot;fix&quot; the problem and he was really rude or he didn't seem sympathic.Breakfast very simple and rooms with smoke smell...We dindt like it at all.Bu the other hotel that we had to move,was nice,biggers rooms and more complete breakfast.We missed a lot a &quot;sorry&quot; but nothing.....pity.	
Jul 1 2009 	Extremely Basic Hotel-dont expect much	This hotel is located on a block full of hotels. We only like stayed at this hotel because all the other hotels nearby had no vacancies and we booked our trip very late. The positives: its in a good location, about a 5-10 minute walk to the Victoria Station and right near restaurants and pubs (as well as a bus stop right outside of the hotel). Its on a very quiet and pretty block and the staff is friendly. So about the rooms: they are very basic.. tiny tiny bathroom (our drain wasnt working so our little shower kept flooding), little to no space for your luggage, only 1 sheet separating you and the mattress, some of the towels looked dirty (like they had been used for the past 3 years). Also no elevator, so if your room is on the 5th floor prepare to lug your suitcases up 10 flights of stairs. They include breakfast but its basically toast and cereal. The price is reasonable, but compared to other hotels around the area it is a little expensive for what you get. If i had to do it over again I would definitely try to get another hotel in the area, as I am sure there is better.	
Feb 21 2009 	Never again !!!!!	Don't have enough space for the bad things. Staff were nice location was good but everything else was very poor !!!!!!!!	
Dec 14 2008 	Nightmare	Where do I start? positive points are the location and friendly management.that is where it ends. firstly, we are not given the room we required. we wanted en suite and it was not available and only found out upon arrival. we were given a room on the top floor and told to carry our own bags there and the next night we would be moved to an en suite. the initial room was tiny, with no room for even our bags. breakfast is served by two large eastern european women who do not speak english and are very aggressive. breakfast consists of 2 slices of toast and an optional cornflake bowl.upon movement to the new room, the eastern europeans shouted at us to vacate the room so they could place new visitors in there which was absurd. we were initially told our heavy baggage will be taken to a different floor for us but instead was left in the hallway for us to move.eventually the tiny new room we were given was not a double but a twin so we were left with moving the two beds together and hope we dont sleep in the middle and fall through the night.we gave up on waking for breakfast as it was not worth it. but that didnt stop the cleaners from coming into our rooms without knocking and talking to us while we are in bed to tell us they want to clean the room even when we have told them we are not appropriately dressed!there are no &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs available in the hotel.they did book a taxi for us to the airport in the morning which was a relief. its close to victoria but i would have been happier staying outside london providing i didnt receive this treatment and service. definitely not worth the effort and time of booking it. there are many other places to stay but a much better service.	
Jul 7 2008 	Very very basic.	I stayed at the Lidos hotel for 2 nights in at the beginning of July 2008 with my family.The hotel is extremely basic, but in a good location, in the middle of Belgrave Road, a 7 min. walk from Victoria Station, so in that area there are all the facilities a tourist could needI booked a triple room by e-mail, the cost isn't so high for the location and the service, and the room is enough clean although the curtains are filthy and they give you only one towel per person.The breakfast that they serve in the morning is extremely poor: Bread, Jam and coffee. The remote control of the TV isn't working. The balcony is communicating with another room of the next hotel.There isn't Wi-fi connection, but this is not a problem because London is full of free hotspots.I would suggest this hotel if you don't want to spend a lot. Don't expect anything fancy.	
Apr 18 2008 	Not the best but great location	I stayed here with friends during the Christmas holidays. It looked like a quaint little place from the outside, but was certainly aged on the inside. There is no lift so we had to carry our suitcases to our basement level room. The room was small, not that big of a deal since it is not uncommon in Europe, however it was not very clean. The radiator worked well and we stayed warm despite the very chilly weather. The bathroom was awful. That was probably one of the worst I have seen. Very small and not clean. The trash was not changed regularly and the shower hose did not work. The breakfast was basic, but free so it was good enough. It included cork flakes, all of the tea or coffee and toast you could stand, and orange juice. The staff was good or bad depending on the time of day. The location was excellent. It was a short walk to Victoria station, and the locations for Grayline and Evan Evans tour companies and the bus stop was literally outside the hotel's front door so all of the city was easily accessible.	
Jan 20 2008 	Very Basic	Just returned from a 1 night (thankfully) stay at the Lodos.The hotel staff were very nice and friendly and after hiking to the 3rd floor was a little disappointed with the overall state of the room. I knew it was going to be basic from the price we paid, but did not expect to find the curtains would not pull to join each other, and a tangled piece of metal protruding into the room from the broken spring of the sash window balance, a small double bed, a single bed and a bunk bed, with a single wardrobe so close to the entrance door it would not open more than about 45deg. The shower and toilet cubicle was 'tired' and not to clean, the shower curtain was hanging from 3 or 4 hooks that did not slide, but, when we went to shower this was not a problem as there was no COLD water at all, only very hot. So only a strip wash from the basin after the water had cooled enough to dip your hands in. The breakfast was plentifull, fruit juice, loads of toast and jam's, only a choice of 'cornflakes or cornflakes' and plenty of tea or coffee. The breakfast room was so small that when we left other guests were sat on the stairs waiting for the next empty table. So if you want really cheap and cheerfull, go for it. It was the first 'cheapie' for me and will be my last.	
Jan 4 2008 	Gross	When booking I knew it wasn't going to be fancy but I expected it to be at least clean. The staff were very friendly and it's ideally located right beside Victoria Station. Our room looked fine on first glance but then I realised the carpet looked like it hadn't been hoovered in 5 months and when I had a shower it hadn't been cleaned. I had the delight of showering in a shower with pubic hair all over the walls. The shower head was fixed to the wall so I couldn't wash the hair away.The plug hole was completely blocked (by what I suspect were more pubes) which meant it over -flowed all over the bathroom floor. The pole on which the shower curtain hung was completely lopsided so I couldn't pull back the curtain without it sliding back. Needless to say I didn't have another shower for the remainder of my stay. If the room had been cleaned initially there wouldn't have been any problems. It's a shame as the staff were most pleasant and helpful.	
Nov 14 2007 	very basic	Very basic , no lift and we were at the top of the building, could benefit from having a lift. I was given my key but the cleaner who couldnt understand english hadnt even cleaned the room yet,good start! I know we had ordered cheap rooms and they were basic and mine was dirty still.The shower hadnt been cleaned properly and was broken not to mention sharing a toilet with 5 rooms on the landing and someone had been smoking in it.The dining room was very small and i we had problems with our windows.On the otherhand the desk staff were very friendly and really helpful. The location was excellant also, next time i think il upgrade to somewhere else.	
Nov 8 2007 	Value for Money	Hotel is exactly what you would expect for the price we paid this close to the main attractions. You are literally a 5 - 10 minute walk from Pimlico station and around 15 min to Victoria.The hotel itself is quite dated but spotlessly clean and staff (in the daytime) were lovely, with exception of the evening staff (grey haired man) who seemed to find it difficult to crack a smile!!Would advise to go elsewhere for breakfast as only toast, juice, cornflakes and coffee/tea available but all in all the Lidos was just fine for our overnight stay in London. Would visit again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Cheap clean and very good located	Very good location (10 minute walk from Victoria station). Nice welcome by the staff who provide us with a lot of informations. We got a small but nice room in the basement: it was clean except for the bedspreads that we promptly removed. Expect to pay an extra fee if you want to pay by credit card. The breakfast was abundant with jam, bread and cornflakes.	
May 18 2007 	Horrible	Stayed in February .Paid £35.00 b and b. Knew it was not going to be a Palace at this rate but I was definitely surprised, and not in a good way. We were greeted by a scary man. Paid cash on arrival.The room was right at the top. I think on the 5th floor. The room had no sheet . Just one bedspread thrown on the bed . It looked like the room had not been serviced but there was a fresh towel on top of the filthy bedspread so obvisouly it had been. There was one used soap on the shower floor. The TV only had one channel, no battery in the remote and the buttons on the TV broken, so you could just switch it on or switch if off. And it t was so hot! I slept on my coat. Did not want to touch the bedspread or anything for that matter. We skipped breakfast and got out of this nightmare as soon as we woke up.I really am not a fussy traveller and I'm quite happy with the basics but the Lidos, two words: NEVER AGAIN.	
Oct 28 2006 	Small but clean and good location	I stayed at the Lidos with three friends. We arrived at about 11 pm. We were happy with the location of the hotel, it is only a 10 minute walk from Victoria station. We could get to the other side of the centre (tower bridge) in only half an hour from there.We booked a 4 bed room and it turned out that there were two double beds instead of 4 separate ones. This was disappointing, but we had kind of expected this as well. The room and the bathroom were very small, but reasonably clean. The breakfast was very simple, but there was plenty of it so we could make it to lunch easily. The staff were friendly and you could enter the hotel any time of the night. The hotel was very quiet.We would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a quiet hotel with a good location for a low price, but don't expect much from the rooms.4 students from The Netherlands	
Oct 10 2006 	Not all that it is made out to be..!	I made two bookings for the Lidos on separate nights. The first night we arrived close to 10pm, and were told that they had 'overbooked' and had no room for us, although they knew we were coming! They had kindly organised space next door at their sister 'Hell Hole' called the Rama Hotel - absolutely disgusting!! There is no way that the Manager didn't know the condition of the next door establishment. The second night at the Lidos was OK. The room was clean( don't look under or behind the beds for dust or dirt though!!), and the bathroom acceptable. Breakfast was Corn Flakes, orange juice, toast and coffee. The staff are helpfull, but don't expect any miracles. The bottom line is this - these hotels ALL overbook, so don't be so sure that you will be accomodated. They don't care what the arrangements were, or how much deposit you paid - be warned!!!This Hotel is not marvelous, but far better than some I have stayed at.	
Sep 13 2006	Cheap and clean	For those looking for a clean place to stay on a budget in a good neighborhood close to Victoria Station, the Lidos Hotel will suffice. The rooms are small and there were some minor issues while we were there (in one room the window would not stay open on its own, in the other the flexible shower head kept falling down). For the price, it was an okay place to stay, however. Breakfast was simple: corn flakes and toast, but was plenty to get us through to lunch.	
Sep 6 2006 	Not recommended	I stayed in this hotel for one night, looking for somewhere close to Victoria station to catch the train to Gatwick early in the morning. I am not a snobby traveller and I've stayed in plenty of budget places while making my way across the globe but this is literally one of the most horrible places I have ever stayed. The staff were friendly enough but the room was tiny (admittedly not a real problem in itself), it smelt dirty, there was blood on the sheets and the window was broken so we couldn't shut it and as we were in central london the noise kept us awake most of the night. The shower room was a plastic pod as expected but clean enough. I am only thankful that I only had to spend a few hours here as it was really quite unpleasant. Location-wise it was fine, though there did seem to be many nicer small hotels closer to the station.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great staff room as expected	The room was really nothing fancy at all... a closet at the top of four flights of stairs. The private shower was a bonus. The bathrooms were not attractive, but they were clean. The best part about this hotel was that the staff were friendly and flexible. We arrived very early, our flight landed at 5:30 and we found ourselves at the front desk of Lidos by 7. They made cleaning our room a priority and had us checked in by 8! Don't be fooled by how easy the place is to find by the way the maps seem or the website promises, London streets are confusing and aren't logically ordered. Get good directions! We got a little lost and it was pouring so we got soaked. Everything in London cost a fortune, so the room was probably a good deal. The place was quiet. The breakfast was lacking, a simple corn flakes and toast, but the coffee had a kick. The place is well located for exploring all of central London. It was perfect for our short layover! We got to wander and see much of the prime London sights easily from Lidos. There is a bus stop RIGHT out front and the bus comes more frequently than every 10 minutes.	
Dec 6 2005	Tiny rooms but at least clean	I was travelling with my two adult children, so we booked a room for the three of us, which ended up being a double bed and a single jammed into a room which would have fitted the double adequately. However the sheets were clean and the floor reasonably clean, and there was a tv and coffee making facilities. There was barely room for our three bags and backpacks, so a little juggling was required. The 'bathroom' is typical of those in the UK that have been added on, sort of a plastic 'pod'. My son said it was like showering in a Jeffries Tube, for all the Star Trek fans out there! Breakfast was cereal, toast and coffee, better than any of those we had in Europe. Location is good, and other than the amount of space in the room, the hotel is quite acceptable.	
Nov 15 2005	Small but cheap	Apparently, there are two kinds of rooms, normal and cheap ones. We had a cheap one, and there was a reason why it was cheap. &quot;Private bathroom&quot; in our case meant a shower - but no toilet. The room was very very small and not very clean. But compared to the other rooms, it was really cheap. Staff was friendly and breakfast was ok. The location was good.	
Sep 28 2009 	mittlere Katastrophe für zuviel Geld....		
Jun 4 2009 	che angoscia		
Aug 19 2008 	modesto ma molto accogliente		
May 5 2008	Economico e funzionale		
Mar 11 2008 	Per chi sa cosa vuole		
Dec 15 2007	rapport qualité prix correct pour Londres		
Sep 12 2007	Bien situé		
