Sep 6 2009 	Great boutique hotel with plenty of style	We spent two weeks in London which was our second visit. We wanted a small hotel that was stylish but that was very well run and had a concierge service. Number Sixteen filled the bill very well. The hotel is in a very nice area of London and was only 2 1/2 blocks from the tube station that provided easy access to two lines. We were walking distance from several museums (Victoria and Albert, Natural History...) and parks. The neighborhood had excellent restaurants and clubs within walking distance. The area was was beautiful, safe, interesting and fun to walk around.The staff at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. They made theater reservations for us and recommended several great restaurants. They were great with directions and just nice to chat with. They promptly handled laundry and dry cleaning needs for us as our trip required it.The room was good sized with a very well designed, although small, marble trimmed bathroom. We had a beautiful view of the garden and it was very quiet.The only area that could use a little tweaking was the breakfast that seemed to be a little disorganized. The staff, although cordial, had trouble providing prompt service even when we were the only ones in the room.I would recommend this hotel without reservation for a minor splurge in London.	
Aug 25 2009	Cozy and so sweet	I think it's almost the best place to stay in London- near the South Kensington station.Even if the rooms are small, it's absolutly wonderful.	
Aug 1 2009 	This hotel was clean and well-situated	The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were really nice and kept well. The breakfast was plentiful and if you were not happy with the buffet, there were additional items available. The management were helpful with directions to attractions and were very friendly. We enjoyed our stay there and would not hesitate to go back there.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fabulous boutique hotel with amazing staff	We stayed for the first night of our honeymoon and were absolutely thrilled with this place. We booked a Luxury Double Room and requested a rom with a patio - well worth doing as the patio was beautiful. The staff were really friendly and so helpful. The room was on the small side but really well laid out and had everything you would need.	
Jun 17 2009	Wish I were there right now.	I bought a Miller Harris candle (citron citron) as a souvenir of my recent stay at Number Sixteen. The London perfumer's scent lightly wafts through the hotel premises. Now that I'm home in the States, the candle serves as a mental transport to the memory of a delightful stay at one of the best hotels I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. However, I'd much rather be at Number Sixteen in person. Without exception, the staff members were friendly, helpful, super competent, and polite. Our room was comfortable, quiet, and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was small to the point of comical, requiring some crab-walking to get from shower to sink, but I decided it was a minor (very clean, nicely appointed) inconvenience compared to the wonderful benefits provided by a stay at this place. There's no restaurant, but the room service menu provides ample choices to assuage hunger. My daughter and I enjoyed excellent grilled sandwiches and drinks in the hotel library one night after a day fighting crowds and never once considered London's multitude of glittering dining options a better choice. Breakfasts are served in a conservatory that opens onto a verdant courtyard garden, dotted with white geraniums and red rose standards and cloistered by leafy, arching branches overhead. I enjoyed warm, soft-boiled eggs; perfectly-cooked bacon; toast, and a bottomless teacup while contemplating that peaceful view. I should have asked where to buy that tasty marmalade; I could use another sensory memory prompt to help satisfy my desire to return to Number Sixteen.	
May 10 2009 	lovely !	Already a fan of the Firmdale hotels so I was expecting good things of Number Sixteen and I wasn't disappointed . Like all the other hotels in the group it is absolutely immaculate - the decor is perfectly maintained and the standard of cleanliness is wonderful . It doesn't bother me that there isn't a restaurant and in some ways guarantees more peace . There's a lovely conservatory for tea and a pretty garden for cocktails and so on . I really enjoyed my stay and will definitely return	
Mar 27 2009 	I LOVE this hotel.	You have to have an interest in beautiful places that feel like home to love this place. They are not your ordinary hotels, but I go out of my way to stay at the Firmdale hotels because I have never stayed at a hotel that made me feel more at home, cozy and surrounded by beautiful things. The rooms here can be smallish, compared to the rooms that I have stayed in at The Covent Garden, but then, the price is smallish compared to The Covent Garden. There is a lovely honor bar, where you feel just like you have landed in your wealthy English cousin's sitting room, over stuffed couches, nice wines and big juicy delish olives. Slightly avant garde art in a beautifully overblown, yet intimately designed setting, beautiful linens, marble baths (even the smallest rooms have gorgeous perfectly laid out jewel box baths). And very high ceilings, that seem to make the more petite rooms seem not so small. Lovely staff too, I have stayed at Firmdale hotels 4 or 5 times and I have never met an unpleasant staff member. Quite seriously, I just want to live in this hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	Looking forward to our next stay	This was the second time that we have stayed at Number Sixteen and we weren't disappointed. Our room was delightful and I loved the aromatherapy freebies that we were given (I think as a token of thanks for revisiting the hotel?). As other reviewers have commented, our bathroom was tiny but prefectly formed and the decor everywhere makes up for a lack of size. The public rooms (which feel more like staying in a stylish friend's home) are beautiful and very relaxing.I disagree totally with the previous comment about reception staff being unfriendly - they were welcoming and helpful. My only criticism is reserved for breakfast where we had to ask for cutlery and were given toast but no butter or jams/marmalade - slightly chaotic even though it wasn't busy. A stay here is an expensive treat but worth it and we'll be looking for an excuse to go back.	
Jan 29 2009 	Smart decor chilly staff	The room, and hotel in general, is cleverly decorated, and has great attention to details. Like stepping into an interior magazine. Fantastic bathroom, and lovely little chocholate boxes are nice touches. The breakfast was very good indeed, althoug the small breakfast lounge was pretty cramped, and we had to argue over whether it was included or not (it was). The location is not particularly interesting, and it is overpriced (unless you can get a good deal). The self service bar is amusing, but surprisingly expencive for a self service feature.The staff in the reception were flat out unfriendly, and are the sole reason why I will not return to this hotel anytime soon.	
Oct 27 2008	Lack of class	Where is the charm of a boutique hotel ? you call Friday afternoon to give all your credit card details and inform the hotel that your girl friend will check in before you...first thing they ask when your girl friend is arriving the very same Friday nite is to get her credit card details before giving the keys....the standard room, nice but so small, dont expect to run around the bed and in the bathroom, dont expect a bath, and dont even expect a proper basin, rahter a tiny bowl you might expect in the toilet room.Overall, a good location, but not up to the standard of a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; for that price. I would not recommend it for a romantic weekend	
Jul 19 2008 	Stunning interiors great service fabulous South Ken location	My husband and I have stayed at this gorgeous hotel twice recently, and we only have good things to say about it. The Kit Kemp interiors are absolutely stunning; the marble bathrooms are large and well appointed with lovely supplies; breakfasts in the garden/conservatory are a real treat; and the location is second to none - a short walk to Harvey Nics/Harrods etc. The beds are huge, staff are extremely helpful (they recommended fabulous local restaurants etc). Do beware of bringing a car to the hotel, as parking in South Ken is a bit of a nightmare, as to be expected.Number Sixteen is always our choice when staying in London.	
Jun 14 2008 	Beautiful decoration and excellent service	Number Sixteen is in a fantastic location for Knightsbridge, South Kensington and the museums on Cromwell Road. A great plus point is the proximity to South Kensington tube station - so very easy to get around London.Great check-in. Very nice receptionist called Helen who couldn't do more to make me feel welcome. As soon as you enter the hotel you feel like you're walking into a very special house. It just doesn't have the &quot;hotel&quot; feel of anonymity which made me feel, as a single female traveller, safe and welcomed.The room was beautifully decorated with bright pinky-red wallpaper which even my husband liked when he arrived on the second night. Important point to note when booking: if you want to have a bath and not just a shower, you have to book a grade higher than the superior double which was what I booked as my bathroom was absolutely titchy to the point where I had to open the bathroom door to dry myself after having a shower just so I could stretch my arms! I haven't honestly been in such a tiny bathroom. That was the downside of my room. And as I was on my own there on the first night I wanted to take advantage of a lovely long soak in the bath which I couldn't do :-( My room was 307 which was on the very top floor only accessible with steps (the lift only goes to the second floor) so I wouldn't recommend it unless you had hand luggage like me.I didn't order room service breakfast which cost £16/17 because it simply wasn't worth it when you have Hummingbird Bakery right around the corner and Carluccio's nearby for a lot less. Plus, I was dying to have a croissant at Patisserie Valerie on Knightsbridge so I walked there instead.Check-out was very smooth. We left at 6.45am and paid up and left very swiftly.P.S. When you check in, they swipe your card and add 40% to the total room charge for &quot;additional incidentals&quot; as a deposit. Very strange, I thought. I was a bit worried when I had a sign a credit card slip for £650 for a two night stay. They have assured me that it hasn't gone through, but I am awaiting my credit card bill with some trepidation....	
Apr 5 2008 	Beautiful London townhouse hotel in a convenient location	This is a beautiful town house hotel situated a few minutes walk from South Kensington underground station and 10 mins walk to the King's Road, SW3. When we checked in we were told we had been upgraded to a luxury double (we had booked a superior double). We were initially concerned as the room (room 12) was on the ground floor, very close to the public areas/bar. When we called Reception to ask if we could be moved, they acted quickly and showed us a room in the lower ground floor/basement. However, we decided to stay in the other room, as we preferred the decor and the view of the garden. One word of warning, the rooms are small and for the price you pay you don't get too much space. However this is a smart area of London and the price for the overall quality of hotel is, in our opinion, still good. The hotel is beautifully decorated (contemporary meets English country cottage) and the public areas are very comfortable. The hotel has a very homely feel and the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. The only minor complaint we would have is the breakfast. Service was a little slow and the amount of food and selection was a little limited. Although we only stayed one night, we would definitely return to this gem of a hotel. The hotel had a beautiful garden, and it would certainly be a lovely place to re-visit in the summer when the garden could be used. It is truly an oasis amidst the usual hustle and bustle of London.	
Jan 1 2008 	My London Haven of Tranquility	I am truly' in love' witn Number 16! Since leaving Chelsea 7 years ago for the Mediterranean blue skies of the Côte d'Azur, this will always remain my chosen 'spoiling' hotel overnight stop-off point in London. On my most recent stay, immediately after Christmas 2007, I felt that I was a very special guest in someone's private home, The welcome and efficiency of the staff are second to none - courteous, slick, and very professional. The rooms are divine, with very 'cool' marble bathrooms, fluffy white bath robes, and my favourite Miller Harris toiletries (the terre de bois body lotion is unforgettable), If you are at Number 16 for just one night, ask for Room 12, have a leisurely warm bath/shower, head off into Chelsea for a cosy dinner (PJ'S would be my own personal recommendation), and then return to the comfort of your hotel 'oasis' for a pre-sleep drink from the honesty bar ........... and, in the morning, you can wake up to the most wonderful room-service breakfast, (Pink grapefruit juice to die for!). For me South Kensington is like a small corner of France, and I cannot wait for my next visit to Number 16. À la prochaine!	
Nov 7 2007 	Loved Number 16	Spent three nights at Number 16 and highly recommend this hotel. Pricey,yes---but what isn't in London?! My room--203--was lovely and the bathroom was well appointed and had a window. The staff was quite obliging and the common rooms well decorated and welcoming. Nice to sit and enjoy a glass of wine from the honour bar before going out in the evening.Must admit I would not want to stay in a single room as they are soooo small. Also be aware that the elevator doesn't go to some rooms on the 3rd floor, so if stairs are a problem make the hotel aware of this when booking. I also did not have breakfast at the hotel as there are many other spots nearby that are less expensive.Truly a wonderful little hotel in a great neighborhood.	
Oct 30 2007 	Worth every penny	I've stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world and, by far, this is one of the best hotels on the planet. It costs a small fortune butworth it! An almost surreal envronment; spotless to a tee; georgous surroundings; very professional and friendly staff; honour bar; unbelievably good food with a interesting variety; and, a beautiful manager that comes straight off the pages of Vogue.Do yourself a favor, next time you're interested in spoiling yourselfsilly, spend an evening at NUMBER SIXTEEN!***** (five BIG stars)	
Sep 26 2007	Unfriendly.	The Sixteen is superbly located, and very well furnished. The rooms are quite small. This is a true boutique hotel. However the staff run the gamut of emotions from cool to downright rude. Yes, trendy reception person, I know you live in London but you must have seen friendly people in the movies or on TV! I tried to get them to print my boarding pass from my USB key. They said I would have to go back to my room and email it to them, which would have entailed getting another day of internet access at outrageous rates. In any case it is too expensive for what you get.	
May 21 2007 	Fine but over-priced for what it offers	Hotel has good location, is elegant and staff try to be attentive. But I thought my single room (at 300 £) heavily over-priced as compared to similar ones. It is not as perfect as it pretends to be:1) Window curtains not light-proof2) A/C directly onto one's face3) sheets rather than duvets4) Staff were unable to get me the FT - though it was available in the newsagent across the road5) Had great trouble ordering what was on the breakfast menu.It seems basically for wealthy yuppies from abroad with a limited appreciation of what a top hotel (at this price) should be.	
May 16 2007 	Nice hotel but TINY rooms and some outrageous charges	The hotel is very clean and has modern, stylish decor, but the superior rooms are so small, they look they were literally cut in half. Some of the rooms have bathrooms so tiny, you can barely fit one person in them and taking a shower with the door closed is an exercise in extreme claustrophobia. Room rates are, I guess, in keeping with London prices and the current value of the pound, but $40 U.S. for internet service? $60 for continental breakfast for two? An honesty bar that charges something like $25 per drink? That is just INSANE. Staff is friendly and helpful, but also sort of clueless. Can't make recommendations or give information without looking it up. Very few of them are English and/or seem to know the city very well.	
Apr 12 2007 	Charming and Cheerful	Stayed at this delightful and characterful hotel on a &quot;girls&quot; trip to London and consistent with its sister hotels, it proved to be a real winner for service, style and comfort. The location is ideal for cultural activities as well as shopping. Easy access to theatreland via underground. Delicious breakfast with great variety. The garden is quite charming and an oasis of solitude. The staff are exceedingly helpful and professional. I was impressed with their enthusiasm and I felt like a really welcomed and valued guest. My room was immaculate and stylishly decorated. Well done yet again to this small hotel chain for providing an exemplary hotel experience!	
Mar 20 2007 	fabulous gorgeous hotel	Simply the perfect place to stay! Exquisite, reasonably priced, well-located, utterly comfortable, everything excellent. Gracious friendly efficient staff, lovely breakfast--I just loved everything. I'll always stay at No. 16!	
Mar 13 2007 	Loved Number 16	My husband and I had an amazing weekend in London while staying at Number 16. The hotel was quaint and elegant. The english decor made us feel right at home in England. The rooms were beauifully decorated and had a romantic feel...amazing marble bathrooms! The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious and had a great variety. The location of Number 16 could not be better. It is located about a block from South Kensington tube stop, so you can easily get anywhere in the city. But who needs to leave S. Ken, with all of the great restaurants and museums!! I would stay again in a heartbeat and I recommend it to all of our friends and family.	
Jan 22 2007 	Cash theft from room	Just returned from a 4-night stay (my third) and was extremely surprised and disappointed, given that Number Sixteen is one of my favourite hotels, that £200 and €100 were stolen in cash from my room at some stage during the 4 days.My fault for not putting the wallet with my cash reserve in the in-room safe but, in over 20 years of international travel, this is the first time I have ever had anything stolen from a hotel room.So be careful: use the safe. Even here.	
Oct 7 2006 	Wow! It was great!	My husband and I were surprised by the hospitality and comfort that &quot;Number Sixteen&quot; offered. From the beautiful linens to the lovely warm towels, Number Sixteen was &quot;top notch&quot;. The marble bathrooms were also a treat! We would recommend this B&amp;B to anyone!	
Sep 15 2006 	Highly recommend Number Sixteen	This is a jewel of a hotel in South Kensington. It is nestled among some of the most lovely homes in London. This place is NOT for you if you want the cheesy tourist version of London. It is quiet and charming. They also just redecorated and it looks great. What I really liked is that the rooms were spotless and there is great access to the tube station, restaurants and museums. One warning - rooms are small. When they say single deluxe - they mean single. I was by myself and it was totally fine (and for 135 pounds in London I will take it!). It would have been too small if I were there with my husband. Service was extrememly friendly and accomdating and even drew me a map when I couldn't find a pub where I was supposed to meet friends. Will definitely go back.	
Aug 22 2006 	More positives than negatives	This hotel has all the features of a Firmdale establishment (they have six hotels, in South Kensington/Knightsbridge, and in the Soho area.) We love staying in them, particularly for the chic decor and the comfort of the rooms and public areas. All of their bathrooms are modern and large, by London standards. The staff are young and friendly, and the rooms are always spotlessly maintained, with turn-down service. When we visited, the hotel was in the middle of refurbishing some of the bedrooms and had plans to change the color palette in one of the sitting rooms. (None of this affected the other guests -- they probably didn't even notice.) But it's a mark of this company's commitment to always looking updated and fresh that they change the decor so often.The positives of 16 Sumner include the location in South Kensington. Truthfully, this part of town can be a bit grotty, despite being one of the most expensive areas in London. But Sumner Place is a lovely street -- a real oasis. At the same time, you're close to good restaurants and the tube, as well as all the shopping in Knightsbridge. We stayed in one of the larger rooms overlooking the street, and it was like living in your own chic townhouse. I do have a couple of complaints. The hotel has a wonderful garden in the back which, theoretically, is available for breakfast and to hang out in. But this is London -- even in the summer, the garden is often unusable because it's too wet or cold. There's a small conservatory for breakfast, and unfortunately, when the garden is unavailable, the conservatory gets crowded very quickly during breakfast. We carried our croissants, fruit, juices, etc., into one of the sitting rooms, as did another couple. We were able to improvise an eating table, but the other couple just put their plates, etc., on the floor. Not exactly the four-star experience you'd hope for! Next time, we'll probably just have breakfast in our room.There's also a slight sense of being nickle-and-dimed by this hotel. There is an honesty bar, where you get to pay 8 pounds for making your own drinks. The hotel had no DVD library, but instead had an arrangement with a local rental store -- for 4 pounds per DVD. The Internet wasn't free, either. All this aside, though, we would happily stay in this hotel again. In our opinion, the positives far outweigh the negatives.	
Jul 10 2006	Upgrade if a single!	This is a great hotel in every way but one - the basic room for singles is the size of a closet and the bed won't fit anyone over 5' 8&quot;. Other than that, it is in a great location, wonderfully decorated, and the staff is very responsive. But if at all claustrophobic or tall, ask careful questions about the size of the room and bed.	
Jun 26 2006	Average value; not that special	We have stayed at Number Sixteen several times in the last 20 years. The hotel has been updated and service is better. Their charge for breakfast is ridiculous and we just went to Starbucks or Pret Manger instead. We only stayed there this time because our preferred hotel across the street is undergoing remodeling. So we put up with Hotel Sixteen's rates which when you do the math is double in USD. Our room was okay right above the reception. Bathroom was small but very updated. One of our earlier complaints was they didn't change the linen daily - that has been resolved and it is done daily now with turndown service in the evening. The staff is very young and cheerful.	
Jun 17 2006	Number 16 is an oasis of hospitality	Great small hotel...I relied on Trip Advisor feedback and couldn't have been more pleased. The ambiance in the hotel was low keyed with an air of quiet sophistication. Nothing over the top, but just very comfortable. The staff was very accomodating and all seemed to really like what they were doing..... usually indicative of a great management team. They have a limited convenience menu that is actually quite good and available 24 hours a day. They also provide a well stocked honor bar in the room and one in their living room/library. The bathrooms are great...beds really comfortable, nice linens,.... it is a quiet haven in a busy city. Easy access to the Victoria and Albert, Christies, South Kensington station a block away, you can walk to Harrods, and taxis are abundant. There are great restaurants in the vicinity. The management has put a great deal of thought into organizing a list of local restaurants and recommendations for their guests. Very pretty, picturesque street...The only negative was that the rooms could have been made up more quickly...I think they were a bit short on their maid staff...but when they were done, there were no short cuts taken. Wide variety of guests...seniors, families, tourists, and business travelers. Very pleasant group...quiet and peaceful environment.  I highly recommend.	
Jun 6 2006	Won't make our favourites list.	The hotel itself is undeniably elegant, it is in convenient location, the room was comfortable, the bathroom good and the reception staff helpful. On the other hand, the service at breakfast was non-existent: we had to go and fetch someone to bring tea and coffee - not what you expect from a hotel charging over £200 a night. Overall, we were rather disappointed, particularly as we had been looking forward to staying there.	
Jun 2 2006 	I wouldn't stay here again if they paid me.	Over 1000 hotels in London and we had to choose this one, or is it a B&amp;B?Souless place in a noisy location, horrendously over priced in a class of it's own.We were as welcome as a fart in a space suit, one could hope that the staffs visa's were to soon run out, then they could be replaced by caring people with personality who are able to make decisions on their own.	
Jun 1 2006	An overpriced bad joke	Of all the hotels in London to choose from we picked this one, after V.A.T. &amp; breakfast were added the cost for this average room passed £300 ( one double, one single bed 3 year old). I dread to think what'd happen to the bumbing staff in an emergency. Unless your very tired with money to burn, keep walking.	
Apr 7 2006 	A real gem	I was a bit unsure about booking this place…small no restaurant not the normal 4 or 5 star I would stay in on trips to London. I shouldn’t have been worried at all. This was superb. The friendliest staff, the most comfortable beds and so many little extra touches, too many to mention here. All in all a super place with a really warm welcome.	
Apr 5 2006	Amazing as always!	Just got back from a brilliant stay. This is truly my home away from home while traveling in London and what makes it that is the staff of the Number Sixteen. Just called and reserved a room for this summer.Two things that they need to improve on:-internet is outradgeously expensive (go to the corner about 2 blocks away and there is an internet café there for you to use; ask a staff member and they will tell you about it)-rooms are small (but this is normal for London)	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent Elegant Hotel	Spent 5 nights at Number Sixteen during a recent trip to London. I generally stay in five star properties around the world and am picky; this hotel exceeded all expectations and was just excellent all-around. It is actually four large London townhouses combined into a single luxe hotel. The South Kensington area can't be beat if you are visting London to see the sights, as it's a 3 minute walk to the tube or the Victoria and Albert museum, or 5-10 minute walk to Harrod's or the center of Knightsbridge shopping. There are many restaurants within a 3 minute walk, including a nice French place just around the corner.The furnishings are modern and elegant yet cozy, e.g., striped wallpaper, immaculate carpeting, built-in bookcases filled with novels. It was nice to avoid the gilded cupids/fake louis something/heavy drapes style very common to London hotels trying to seem luxe. Bedrooms are quiet and rooms I saw quite large. Beds had Frette linens and were very comfortable. The bathrooms are very modern and appear brand-new, with two pedestal sinks, marble, heated towel racks, shower over bathtub large enough for a good soak. Turndown service with bottled water each night, plus an amenity like lavendar bath salts was a very nice touch. While the hotel does not have a restaurant, there is a great continental breakfast that you can have in the pleasant breakfast room or your room. A couple living rooms are available for relaxing with the paper, having a glass of wine from the help-yourself bar, or checking email. They also serve a nice tea, either full tea or just tea the beverage with their delicious signature sugar cookies.Service, from front desk to room service to housekeeping, was excellent with all doing a great job and being extremely friendly. It's like staying in an elegant Londoner's home -- I will definitely stay here next trip to London.	
Jan 21 2006	Nice Small Hotel	This is a really nice hotel and a bargain (for London). It is in a great location near shops, museums and the tube, but what I liked the most was that you feel like you are living in a townhouse in a cool neighborhood instead of staying in a hotel. I had a small room which I expected because it was a single and having stayed in many a substandard single room, this was great and comfortable (but still clearly a single...i.e. twin bed). There also was a balcony outside my window which was great.The only downside is that the walls are kinda of thin. I could hear my neighbors tv.	
Jan 20 2006	Stylish Quaint and Luxurious B	We stayed for three nights in room 202 which overlooked the garden. The room was roomy and the bathrooms were even roomier - double sinks, bath, window overlooking the street-side. Everything was modern and stylish. The King bed was great and very comfortable. Coming from NYC we expect a lot and we have stayed in some incredible hotels (Four Seasons, Oberoi Resorts, Singita, etc.) We were very satisfied with our room.The breakfast is not to be missed - especially since it's free or part of your stay. There's a good continental breakfast spread - fruits, yogurts, honey, fresh jams, various very fresh crossaints and breads, cereals and more. You can order an egg breakfast at cost, but the continental options were more than sufficient and quite delicious. A waiter comes by to give you coffee/tea and staff were very hospitable. The breakfast area overlooked a garden, so you can also eat outside (but since it was Jan. we stayed in). I'd definitely come back in the summer.The area is the best place to stay in London. 2 blocks from the tube, 10 min walk to Harrods, 2 min walk to stylish boutique stores and exceptional restaurants. It is a very posh area!All-in-all, we love it!	
Dec 7 2005	very nice intimate hotel	I stayed at number sixteen for a couple of nights in november and I found this hotel to be excellent,The decor is of a high standard and tastfully done,Every member of the hotel staff met was polite, curtious and very helpful, A true pleasure of a stay, top marks.	
Nov 21 2005	Home away from home!!	It's just the place to go in London: great hotel, great rooms, great staff, great food!!Would go back any time.	
Sep 6 2005	Number Sixteen	My wife and i stayed at # 16 for 7 nights in July while visiting our daughter in London. I can't say enough about the hospitality and comfort provided us by the staff. We were there during the bombings and I cannot even imagine the issues we would have had in a Hyatt or other large chain. The staff was very friendly, very helpful and kind of felt like family after several days. They accomodated our every request. The setting is is very residential, do not even blink about not having a restaraunt - there are 25 within a few blocks and all very good. We would definately stay again!	
Sep 4 2005	Smart hotel no emotional connection though	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon and overall were happy with the hotel as a base for seeing London. Our room was on the third floor and was nicely decorated and spacious. There was a good size bathroom and also an electronic safe in the wardrobe that you can programme with your own code while you stay there. I would agree with another reviewer that the staff come across as &quot;doing a job&quot; - efficient yes, but there was no real warmth or interest in their customers at all. (I've had more interest when staying in a Travelodge!). We opted to stick with the buffet breakfast option as that is included in your room price. The buffet breakfast includes juices, cereals, fruit, croissants and pain au chocolat as well as tea/coffee. There are cafes and restaurants over the road as well.Overall, we enjoyed staying at the hotel for its position but we came to see it only as a base, albeit a smartly decorated one.	
Aug 16 2005 	excellent hotel; a little noisy	Number 16 is an excellent hotel. The rooms are very nice, and the beds superb. I think the best part was the marble bathroom, which is a similar size to the room. I should say that I was given a free upgrade, which was very, very nice of them. The only complaint I had, which I overlooked because of the upgrade, was that there was a lot of noise outside my room from about 6am that woke me up and kept me awake(my room was next to the front desk).	
Aug 12 2005	A home away from home	Wow! what a fantastic place to spend a week away from home! I chose Number Sixteen because a friend recommended it to me, and I must say that it is one of the best recommendations I have had in my years of travelling. The staff are polite, friendly and more than willing to help. The hotel is positively divine, the rooms are outstandingly decorated. The continental breakfast buffet was fantastic, especially as you can eat your breakfast in the beautiful garden. My only complaint was cost of the internet, which was around 4 times as a much local internet cafe. Besides this, the hotel really felt like a home away from home. I would recommend this to anyone!Also what a great idea to have a bar which you can help yourself 24 hours a day!! Great stuff Firmdale!	
Aug 9 2005	Disappointed - very average service	My boyfriend and I stayed at Number Sixteen for a few days at the end of July. Although the hotel location was great and we had a very nice room, but the service from the front desk staff was not up to standard considering the price they charge.As we were flying over from Hong Kong overnight, we contacted the hotel in advance and asked if they could try their best to get us a room as soon as possible. Upon arrival, we were told that our room was still occupied and we waited for at least 3 hours before we could check in. The front desk gave the impression that they were not very proactive. We had to repeatedly ask the staff for updates and they did not seem to be bothered generally. The front desk also did not explain that an extra charge of 50 pounds per night would be added as part of the refundable guarantee when they took my credit card details during check-in. It was only when I went back to the front desk to inquire about the guaranteed amount as I thought they have overcharged me that they explained this extra charge. I also asked the hotel to organise taxis/car for me on two occasions as I had trains to catch. On both occasions, the car was late and one was so late that I ended up just missing my Eurostar train and had to buy another ticket to go to Paris. Again the front desk was not proactive in chasing up the driver which was not good enough.Considering the fact that Number Sixteen is not cheap, we expected much higher standard of service from the hotel and we were disappointed with the service provided by the front desk. I paid much less at Sydney House and had lovely service. Even though the hotel was lovely, I doubt I would go back to Number Sixteen again unless they make some improvement in this regard.	
Aug 1 2005	Oasis of Quiet and Luxury	The 3rd floor rafter room (superior single) was quiet, clean and beautifully decorated. The room is a little on the small size - to be expected in London, but the bed was absolute Heaven! Just steps away from South Kensington tube station (on the Picadilly Line - direct tube line to Heathrow) and easy walking distance to the Victoria &amp; Albert museum, Knightsbridge (Harrods) and Chelsea shops. Loved it! Would go back again &amp; again if the exchange rate wasn't so lousy.	
Jul 29 2005	No. 16 Pales in Comparison to Covent Garden Hotel	Call us spoiled, but we were very surprised at the difference between the room quality and service levels between No. 16 and Covent Garden Hotel. Since both are Firmdale hotels, we thought they would be comparable. We visited both hotels in July with my husband's parents. At No. 16, they gave us one room upstairs and one in the basement. My husband and I elected to choose the room in the basement (Room #1). It was small and smelled of mold. We had to keep the curtains drawn the whole time since street passers-by could easily see down into our room. And a fire exit door to the outside was located in our bathroom, which did not make us feel very safe. My in-laws' room was nicer - on the top floor - but all-in-all, the rooms at Covent Garden were much better. The service level at No. 16 had a much different feel. While at Covent Garden, each staff member truly seemed to enjoy serving their customers, while the staff at No. 16 seemed indifferent and came across as it being &quot;just a job.&quot; For example, we asked if we could move rooms, since we were not happy with Room #1 and explained why (paying full price for a substandard room). They said they were full and didn't seem a bit concerned that we were not satisfied with the room. I can only speculate that at Covent Garden, they would have at least made an attempt to remedy the situation in some fashion. There were lots of little things that were annoyances at the No. 16, such as it took an entire hour one morning to receive our cooked breakfast. In the middle of the night one night, someone was tramping up and down the hallway above our heads for about 30 minutes. I finally called the front desk to ask how much longer this would continue. At least the racket stopped soon after. In another example: they do not have movies available on site, but instead have a rental card for a nearby video store. We used their card and paid for the video at the store. The next day, we asked the front desk if we should return the video ourselves, or if they would do it. They said they would do it, and then tried to charge us for the video, which we had already paid for at the store. It seems obvious that we could not have rented the video from the store without paying for it first, but it took some time to explain this to the woman checking us out. The staff came across as not fully trained in the hotel's goings on, were not &quot;engaged&quot; with their customers, and did not get the idea that once a customer arrives, one goal is to earn his/her repeat business. For us, it underscored that even though a hotel can be nicely appointed (such as the common rooms), the service leaves a much more lasting impression. That's why Covent Garden is so successful - they understand that if customers are treated well, they will return. We recommend that if you stay at No. 16, lower your expectations a bit, and request that you not be put in one of the basement rooms.	
May 31 2005	Great central hotel!	My wife and I spent the second half of our honeymoon in London at the lovely Number Sixteen. The hotel itself has a nice boutique feel and is very centrally located in South Kensington right near the South Ken tube station. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable and helpful. They booked us theatre tickets, made us dinner reservations and scored us some tix to the sold out Chelsea Flower Show. Our room was a decent size, the bathroom was actually very large with double sinks. I believe we had the deluxe double. The style was somewhat English country, but it very much appealed to our modern tastes. The drawing room and library in the lobby were a great place to sit and chat and have an afternoon tea. The garden was beautiful and the perfect setting for a continental breakfast, which ended up being about $40 American for two people. There's plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. Try Patara for some delicious Thai with excellent service. We would definantly stay there again and highly reccomend it to anyone looking for a cute, modern English hotel.	
Apr 20 2005	Fab little hotel!	Stayed at number sixteen just after Easter and totally loved it! The location is great, the staff were attentive, courteous and friendly and our room overlooking the garden was lovely. On arrival I noticed that the throw on the bed was not looking perhaps as white as it should have done so I phoned reception and within 5 minutes a very apologetic housekeeper arrived to replace it. The continental breakfast was good too offering a choice of fruit, yogurt, pastries, rolls, cereals and juices - there were even 4 milk options including full fat, semi-skimmed, skimmed and soy. Overall, an excellent experience - can't wait to go back!	
Mar 14 2005 	Comfortable Beds and Quaint Rooms..	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Number Sixteen with my husband. My husbnand has stayed there a few times before for business so the staff knows him well, and are very friendly. The rooms are tastefully decorated, and the beds are so comfortable. The location is really central, and a short walk to the tube station. It was too cold to enjoy the garden, but it looks like it's very well kept. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys a boutique hotel.	
Mar 9 2005	Comfortable and Chic in a Great Location	My husband and I stayed at Number 16 for a week over Christmas. We had spent the holidays in London before but this by far was the best hotel we had stayed in. The location is terrific - just a short walk from the Tube - the neighborhood is quiet and residential in feel with loads of good restaurants within a close walk. The rooms were comfortably sized - large by European standards with good lighting, extremely comfortable beds and lots of style. The bath was small but very luxe. Breakfast was disappointing but its never the reason we stay anywhere. Lots of better options nearby. The common rooms were living room comfortable with a honor bar stocked with some excellent wines (among other things). There seemed to be a great outdoor space that was too cold for us to enjoy this time of year. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful even during a slow time of year for the area. I liked everything about the very comfortable, stylish place. I can't imagine a more relaxing and easy place to be in the middle of this great city. We will stay there again on our next visit.	
Jan 13 2005	Excellent!...but breakfast a let down...		
Nov 17 2004	Outstanding Hotel in London		
Oct 29 2004	Friendliest staff anywhere! Great location; immaculate!		
Oct 14 2004	Comfortable Chic and Friendly		
Aug 6 2004	Conventional and just OK		
Jul 18 2004	Wonderful and cozy		
Jun 18 2004	Wonderful!!!		
May 20 2004	pleasant stay!		
Dec 7 2003	understated chic in South Kensington		
Oct 31 2003	Excellent value		
Jan 4 2009 	??????		
