	Suited My needs	I stayed at this hotel for four nights as it was close to friends. Everything about the hotel was quite good. Rooms are comfortable but have no fridge. However, the airconditioning is loud and annoying. Breakfast was good but no hot buffet. Hot meals must be ordered a la carte.	
Nov 23 2009 	Overall good value and would recommend	We booked the hotel as we had left it late to find anywhere and this seemed to represent the best value. Good points:- The room was nice and spacious- Shower was great, powerful and always lots of water- Service overall was great- It was only a 5 minute walk from the Colliers Wood underground which is on the Northern Line (direct from Euston)- It was very clean - It's opposite a supermarket if you needed anything/had forgotten anythingBad points:- The room was far too hot all the time and as the hotel is on a busy road traffic noise makes it impossible to sleep with the windows open- The bed was not comfortable, it was awful. I have slept in some pretty awful beds and this was about a 4/10 for comfort- It was a bit far out from central London but having said that there were a couple of nice pubs/bars and restaurants nearbyI'd give it a 3.5 out of 5, it's better than 3, not as good as four!	
Sep 20 2009 	Fabulous for a budget hotel	Well I have to admit that I was very pleasantly surprised. Though my expectations of a budget chain hotel weren't high at all I have to admit. I'm very impressed with their &quot;perfect night's sleep&quot; policy - in other words, if you don't have a quiet and comfortable night's sleep, you'll get a refund. It doesn't get better than that!Bed is really nice and comfy with nice bedding. I guess the only slight downside is the air system which can be a bit loud. I've actually stayed at this hotel twice now in the past couple of months and will happily recommend.	
Jun 3 2009 	The Premier Inn made our stay in London very special.	My husband and I spent 5 nights in the Premier Inn South Wimbledon and we could not praise the place enough. We were greated by friendly staff who made us feel very welcome. Our room was spotlessly clean, the only problem was the heat, it was up to 30 degrees centigrade while we were there, there was air conditioning but it was rather loud when turned on, but it did not really bother us, and with the window open it was quiet comfortable.The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from the Underground, there are shops on both sides of the road, there are lovely restaurants at the rear of the hotel and a couple of lovely pubs, not that you would need to go to the pub as there is a nice bar in the hotel.The breakfast is very good and you can eat as much as you like.I had read in a previous review that it could be noisy from outside we did not find this, and we felt very safe while we were staying there	
Sep 23 2008 	Good service reasonable hotel.	We stayed here for two nights so we could see the Davis Cup tennis at the nearby All England Club. The location for that was OK, although I would try for something in Southfields if I went again. The hotel is easy to get to on the tube, you can get the Northern Line straight from Euston, it takes around 40 minutes, and the hotel itself is about five minutes walk from the tube station.The hotel is clean and decent and the staff were exceptionally helpful and pleasant. We didn't eat there, as another reviewer mentioned, the hotel is very near to a retail park with Starbucks, Marks and Spencers, Sainsburys etc all a couple of minutes away. The room was pleasant, clean and reasonably sized, although facilities are fairly basic. The main disadvantage is that like most hotels it was suffocatingly hot. Opening the window let in the constant roar of traffic from the extremely busy major road just outside, and while there was air con, it was incredibly noisy, so we didn't sleep as well as we would have hoped. Overall though, it's not a bad hotel at all for the money, £148 for two nights in London.	
Aug 29 2008 	Ok for a london hotel	The room was amazingly big with coffee and tea making machine. Did not go for breakfast as there was supermarkets &amp; starbucks within walking distance of the hotel.The air-conditioning could make you go deaf. The only thing that I really did not like was the fact that there were quite a few big electricity poles near the hotel.	
Aug 23 2008 	most recommendable	I stayed in the hotel for 7 nights with my wife and two daughters. The hotel was very comfortable: the rooms were quite big and well furnished (air conditioning, LCD TV, etc.), breakfasts were excellent, service was nice and polite. In a perimeter of about 200 m there are restaurants (Pizza Hut, KFC) and a huge mall (food, clothing, etc.). The only disadvange was the distance form London center (about 20-30 minutes by tube). But generally the hotel is most recommendable and I will definately stay here in my next visit to London.Tuvia.ISRAEL	
Aug 12 2008 	Fantastic value	We booked this hotel because of it's close proximity to Hampton court and short tube ride away to the centre of London. At just £68.00 per night I was expecting something really shabby and so was very pleased with the standard of accommodation and service. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful and our room was immaculate. The tube is just a few minutes walk away and it's much easier to drive to wimbeldon than the centre of London making this an ideal place to stay if you're sight seeing. This hotel is excellent value for money and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone making a trip into london.	
Jul 25 2008 	Excellent	even though this hotel is about 20 min on tube into London it is great value for money. very clean hotel and staff very friendly and attentive. lovely breakfast. It has a retail shopping park next to it and a great family pub searving 2 for 1 meals. a 5 min walk to the tube station.	
Apr 10 2008 	Lovely hotel	Stayed for one night on a business trip check in was straight forward,nice friendly staff.Room was a very high standard, spacious &amp; spotlessly clean.The restaurant staff was both friendly &amp; helpful although the chef tried to pass a apple pie off as a crumble.Breakfast was lovely &amp; again very friendly staff.Over all a very good stay.	
Jan 15 2008 	New develpoment and excellent hotel	If you want to stay in a brand new hotel in London, then this is the one for you! This hotel was only built in 2005, and it shows. Everything is pristine, well designed, and looks smart. When we stayed, car parking was free (quite rare in London hotels), but it looks like the car park was shortly going to be come pay&amp;display, so better check before you go.The rooms are standard average size rooms, with a large double bed, desk, TV, kettle, etc. A small table, and the rooms have air con as well which is a rareity for British hotels. We really couldn't find any fault with the room, it was clean and had everything we needed for our 5 night stay.The restraunt in the hotel was top notch too. Prices were similar to restraunts of the same standard, so there was no 'in hotel premium' which is refreshing. We only ate there on the Sunday evening, and it was very quiet. The waitress was very friendly though, and the food was good, served hot and tasted lovely.The hotel is situated a fair way out of London, but the Colliers Wood Underground station is about a 5 or 10 minute walk away, which take around 30 minutes to get you to the centre of London. This was the main reason we chose the hotel, as we wanted convienience but without sky high central London prices, and the ability to park our car for free. There is also a large Sainsburys supermarket opposite the hotel, handy for snacks to bring back to the room, or to take with you as a packed lunch.Its probably not the ideal hotel for the business user as it is a 30 minute tube journey outside London centre, which will be a very busy tiresome journey during rush hour. For the tourist though I'd say its ideal. Wait until 9:30am to get the tube, and not only do the prices drop, but the trains are also quieter and more pleasant (the Northern Line is a fairly nice line as tube lines go). We then had our evening meal in restraunts in London, and travelled back to the hotel at around 7:30pm/8pm, where again it was less busy.We'll definately be staying there again if we are staying for a week, but for convienience we'd find a hotel closer to the city if we were only staying one night.	
Oct 19 2007 	Above and beyond my expectations!	My husband and I stayed at the Premier Travel Inn in the suburb of Wimbledon in London. The building was very new and had a beautiful modern interior. It is located about a five minute walk from the Colliers Wood tube station on the Northern Line (don't take the South Wimbledon stop!). It usually took about 20 minutes to get into the heart of London for tourist areas from Colliers Wood. The staff were very friendly, the room very clean, and the building was nice and quiet. Our large room had a full bathroom in the room which was nice. The bed was super comfy, with large fluffy pillows and a down comforter. The room also had AC. The hotel offered a great breakfast for seven pounds fifty pence each. We had dinner in the hotel one night and it was our best meal in London! Try the sticky toffee pudding! There are several restaurants within a block and a large super market across the street. We were very impressed with what we got for our money (70 pounds per night) and would definately stay there again in the future!	
Oct 10 2007	Another One Well Overpriced London Hotels!!!	As almost ALL London hotels, well overpriced. Rooms are 74 and 69 GBP. Without breakfast? Brekfast is 8 GBP, but, but, terrible cold buffet, and asking for hot buffet, they said NO. You most order hot buffet, so that they can control how much sausages, mushrooms, you can eat!So that, I did not take breakfest. We took hotel because of WIMBELDON court, but it takes 2 buses, at leat 30 minutes to reach Wimbledon!! UNDERGROUND is around 5-7 minutes walk from hotel, but it takes very long to reach City Centre of London.In hotel you must paid everything. The best things in hotel are reception desk staff, air condition, Big Sainsbury behind!!The worst thing in PAST reviews are comments like '' it was clean, ... ''it must be clean for room, 110 EUR, without breakfast! [--]!! 2 weeks before, I stayed in excellent 4-stars hotel PALACE, Mestre-Venezia, paying 65 EURO with breakfast, during MOSTRA, Angleine jolie, etc.	
Apr 15 2007	Loved it!	I traveled with 17 students on a high school trip and this hotel was EXCELLENT!! The rooms were clean, spacious, safe, and quiet. This is one of the best budget hotels I've stayed in in Europe. The tube stop was a short 5 minute walk and there was a great/huge Sainsbury's right across the street.	
Feb 10 2007	Hope you like getting up early!	This hotel is exactly what you expect from a travel inn. The rooms were very nice, the bar was good and the restaurant had a great 2 for 1 offer.What I found extremely annoying was the car parking. The week before my stay started the combined publc and hotel car park had gone through some changes. The upshot was that you had to put a ticket on your car each day at 8:30 in the morning. Each morning you had to join a queue of residents in their pj's to buy a ticket. I stayed in a hotel to make the weekend more relaxing but being forced out of bed at 8:30 was a real annoyance. The only good side was that I was up for the 'all you can eat' breakfast whcich was good value.Check with this hotel about the car park situation before you stay if you dont like being forced out of bed!	
Feb 2 2007 	Highly Recommended	We stayed here for a long weekend last October and were very pleasantly surprised. Welcoming staff and claen rooms. Certainly value for money. Very handy for Colliers Wood tube (although the Northern line seems to always involve changing to get into the centre!)Warm rooms with loads of space.Would definitely stay again.	
