	Worth trying if you get a good rate	Good location near to Baker Street. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms are small but fine if you just need a bed for the night also beware noisy neighbours. Complimentary breakfast included and a decent enough selection to choose from to start yor day, also tea, coffee, chocolate available from machine in lounge all the time we needed it. Room clean and towels changed for our second day there. Not sure if I would pay full rate but I got a good deal so I felt I got good value.	
Nov 14 2009 	lovely and clean and modern place to stay in London centre	close to Madame Tussauds in London, Baker streetthe rooms are small but all essentials are great and cleanand the staff is super friendlybreakfast is plentiful ( but if you like some boiled eggs come quick!)tea/coffee machines in the lobby - 24 hoursI was very happy staying there	
Oct 12 2009 	Good value and great location	Pros - close to Baker Street tube station, which makes its location perfect for tourism; very good continental breakfast; polite staff; quiet room (we got a backside one); good shower; nice area; reasonable price for Central London.Cons - tiny room, miniature bathroom; dirty carpet all through the hotel (it definitely needs to be replaced); they really need to care a bit more about cleanliness.Overall it was a pleasant experience, I would recommend the Americana for a few days stay.	
Sep 16 2009 	good value everything we needed nice breakfast.	Well it's not posh but for the location and price it's very good, especially if you're just needing a place to shower and sleep, which we were.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Hotel to stay	the hotel was really pleasant and comfortable.. close to center and underground .the hotel offered drinks tea/coffee as and when you wanted them, the room was modern and bright...we enjoyed our time here and would defo go back highly recomended we booked through octopus travel online and got great deal £153 for 2 nights b&amp;b(continental) for the 2 of us. parking is just 100 yards from hotel..ncp but quite pricey at £30 per day.. but it is central london!!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Americana	We stayed at the Americana for three days in august. The location of the hotel is great, just a short 5 minute walk to Baker street underground. Good breakfast,free coffee all day &amp; night. Smallish rooms but clean enough. The only thing it needs is a repaint of the walls which are looking a bit shabby. Would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not as I expected	The Hotel is in a very good location.The staff are polite and friendly.Breakfast is great.However the rooms are too small and tight you can't find a place for you suite-case !!I would recommend it for a one day stopover.but for long stays I wouldn't stay there again as you can find cheaper hotels for bigger rooms!the back rooms are more quit!the front rooms are too noisy because of the busy street.try to get a backside room.	
Aug 17 2009 	Rooms disapointing and in need of updating	We stayed at the Americana hotel for a weekend, and I booked it after looking at reviews here and on other sites, also the price was excellent and the location seemed ideal.The room was very disapointing, on first look, it seemed nice until we turned the light on. The carpet was dirty, not that anything was on it, it was obvious it had been hoovered, but it was in bad need of shampooing, most of the carpets throughout the halls were the same. The blind, which had a leaf pattern which resembled a hash plant didn't go up, so lights always had to be on. The bathroom was small, the shower door, which was well worn, just about opened enough for me to get through and tiles were broken on the floor and the walls. It was in great need of updating.Unfortunately the room we stayed in must have either previously been a smoking room or was above a yard used by smoking employees as a stale smoke smell lingered in the room at all times. Also when we stayed it was very hot in London and that didn't help the stuffiness of the room.Apart from that I couldn't fault anything else, plus points, the staff were friendly, the hotel breakfast was fine, the location was excellent, just a few minutes walk to Baker Street tube station and ten minutes walk from Oxford Street.I wouldn't stay at the Americana again, unless I knew the rooms had been updated, if you don't mind the above I would say stay there, but for no longer than a few days.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good location but hotel could improve	We only stayed for one night. Arrived on saturday after our long bus trip, and we got a twin bedroom instead of a double room.... we did not complain as we wanted to go out and see the sights asap!. Room was in the basement and window was opened (good job we noticed as window leads to the outside stairs that go to the street)...not very safe.The room was not imaculately clean but was ok, same with the bathroom, some dirty bits in the hard to get areas.Breakfast was nothing special, it was ok.Location was really good, as was very close to Regent Park, Baker St... it was perfect to go to Wembley Stadiun as from the stop in Baker St only took 15 min. with the Metropolitan line.It was fine for the price we paid.	
Jul 17 2009 	Slightly disappointing considering all the good reviews	I stayed at the Americana with a friend for 2 nights in June, I had booked this hotel based on its good reviews. The location of the hotel is perfect, it's really close to the Baker St tube station and there's a few shops and pubs near the hotel too.The website where we booked didn't specify between twin and double room, but I asked for a twin room in my booking. When we got there, we got a double room at the back of the hotel. It was tiny and stuffy, didn't seem very clean and the toilet flush wasn't working. Based on this room, I would have rated this hotel at a 1, we were very disappointed. We spoke to the guy at reception (who was very friendly) if we could get a different room, but unfortunately they were booked out that night, but he offered to give us a different room on the following day. The second room we got was a twin room and it was a lot bigger and nicer. Everything was working fine and we were happy enough. Both of the rooms could've done with a lick of paint though. Breakfast was OK. I'm not sure if I'd really stay there again, but it's good value and in a great location, so if you're only going to stay for a few nights it should be grand.	
Jul 17 2009 	Perfect location for a short stay in London	We stayed at the Americana in July 2009. We had 5 days to see the sights and the Americana was a perfect base with the Baker Street and Marylebone stations only a few minutes' stroll away. Having Regents Park so close is lovely and there are several pubs and restaurants nearby (The Volunteer pub was a great find!) We had a room at the rear of the hotel which was really quiet - unexpected for London. The bed was really comfortable, room was clean and the bathroom small but with a good shower. Breakfast was adequate. We would stay here again on our next visit to London. My only suggestion would be a kettle and teabags for a late night or early morning cuppa.	
Jun 19 2009 	Brilliant-would definitely stay there again!	Stayed here for 3 nights whilst in town for the LIMS show. Lovely clean foyer, excellent fresh continental breakfast, free drinks from the lobby, polite staff, very secure. Great location for tourism, being about a 5 minute walk from Baker Street tube station. Room was on the small side but inconsequential as we were out until midnight every night. Clean bathroom, safes fitted in rooms. Lift stops on the 3rd floor and is small, so beware if carrying large amounts of luggage. Quite a lot of traffic noise at the front due to location on main road but this didn't affect our sleep.On the basis of our stay, I would most definitely stay there again.	
May 31 2009 	a real find!	this is a great little hotel tucked away behind baker st.the rooms are lovely and clean with beautiful decor.The staff are superb,nothing is too much trouble.As a single woman traveller I felt very safe in this hotel.I will DEFINITELY stay here again when in London.I do hope this hotel keeps its lovely atmosphere and dosent resort to any gimmicks to raise their profile.Stay just as you are!!/	
May 29 2009 	Excellent location and very clean	Great location and very clean but take a kettle if you need a drink first thing in the morning as drinks available only from downstairs. Also take ear plugs if a light sleeper as traffic very loud. Staff really friendly, breakfast good: would go again but maybe not in August as it would be a choice of being too hot (window shut to eliminate traffic noise) or being subjected to rumbling lorries and buses all night long.	
May 4 2009 	highly recommend for a city trip	We stayed for 3 days.Very close to all important things to see in London, the undergrond only 10 minutes away (very easy to use).Staff very very friendly, room small but OK and very clean.Over all, it was a very very good long weekend.Would sertenly come back to the same hotel on a next trip.Tumbs up !!A lot of thanks to the staff of the hotel, hope you read this reaview to :-)Belgium greats you all.	
May 3 2009 	Great location cheap price for London	This hotel is in a great location close to Baker Street Station and Regent's Park. It's also walking distance to St Pancras (15 minutes) where the Eurostar leaves from. My room was a good size and quite comfortable. The complimentary tea, coffee, hot chocolate etc from the coffee machine is a lovely added touch. And the price was cheap for such a central location in London.	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent - especially for location and price	This is a small bed and breakfast style location in an excellent location just 5 minutes walk from Baker Street Tube station and near everything in London. I recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London on a budget. I stayed in the hotel for 5 nights after an extended trip to Egypt. The rooms are small but extremely quiet, tons of hot water, excellent spa bath products and an amazing staff with buffet breakfast included. The front desk is open 24hrs. There are many excellent reviews on this hotel already so I won't go on...I'll just say that I agree with every positive comment and have absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Home away from Home...	I booked 3 nights at the Americana recently and was very pleased by the accommodations, the helpful and friendly staff as well as the convenient location. On a previous trip to the UK in 2006, I stayed in several reputable hotels in Earls Court. The rooms in the Americana were larger with better storage areas and new flat screen televisions, and personally I felt like the Regent's Park/Baker Street area was a more desirable place to stay...and the room rate was actually a few quid less! The en suite bathrooms were also larger and well appointed. I extended my stay there for a day and later returned after a week of travel to stay for another day before my flight home. Finally, everyone who worked there was cordial no matter the time of day or night that I encountered them, and helpful to me for local information. This was definitely not the case in several of the other hotels I have encountered, many of which put restrictions on the times you can come and go. I would recommend this hotel to any American traveler who is looking for a good value in a safe comfortable and convenient hotel.	
Feb 23 2009 	Could be so much better with a little more care	Totally agree with all that was said in previous review by Superkev. We had exactly the same experience but were not wise enough to ask for a better room, so were stuck with the miniscule double room on the first floor (enter the room via washroom). If only they cared a bit more about cleanliness the room size wouldn't have mattered, but unfortunately a clean room is the most important aspect for me. Cobwebs, dirty carpets, grubby toilet, and marked walls are not acceptable and therefore I cannot recommend this hotel. It's a shame because breakfast, location and free hot drinks were all excellent.	
Feb 15 2009 	A little disappointed overall but plenty of positives.	Just come back from the Americana. I would have rated 7/10 but my good lady thought 5 at first but then 6 by departure.Pros; Location- close to Baker Street tube, 10 mins walk from Oxford Street/ Hyde Park, 2 mins walk to Regents Park. Very pleasant staff- complained about pokey double room so they gave us a nicer twin in the basement with no cafuffle. Bathrooms nice and modern with mosaic tiling. Reception area very nice with free coffee (not great, mind!), tea and apples- nice touch. Breakfast an ample continental with boiled eggs and a choice of cooked meats.Cons; First room tiny, once you get past the reception area, the light colour carpets and decor is not in a good state- in need of attention soon! Our second room was more spacious but walls and carpets badly marked, ceiling marked (!?), lots of cobwebs and bathroom a little grimy in the &quot;hard to get&quot; areas.I would go back, my good lady would at a push but she would prefer to return to the Astor Court if available.Highlights of break? Dinner at Langhans Bistro (fab) and late night kebabs from the peculiar kebab shop just over the road from hotel (small but incredibly tasty with home-made chips!).	
Feb 2 2009 	very good decision to stay in americana	the real reason for myself to chose americana hotel is to stay close to the venue where I had a very important appointment the following day and I required a good night sleep.Inspite of being in the heart of London, it was very quiet and my room was very neat and tidy. The automatic coffee machine was an asset for the place making a coffee so easy. The gentleman who was at the reception was very kind and helpful as well. The breakfast was very good and served well.Overall for the purpose of my visit and stay I can't ask for anything more and it served its purpose more than anticipated.I am sure that I will be staying again in this hotel if I have an important venture in London.Excellent for a single person staying for official business and possibly for anybody who wants to stay in the heart of the city but a quiet and neat place.	
Jan 27 2009 	Really lovely hotel	Just came back after saying 3 nights here. What can I say about this place? Firstly it's in a great location, safe and easy access to town. The room is tiny but as we only stayed in the room to sleep, I have no complaints. The shower room was small also ,but the shower was fantastic, powerful and hot. The breakfast was lovely and the place was clean. the staff were very helpful.Overall I really loved this place and will return here again. The only thing that stopped me rating this hotel the highest was that it need a coat of paint and new carpets but I have stayed in far more expensive hotels and which were not a patch on this place.	
Jan 5 2009 	great location and super clean	Been in the Americana hotel for 4 nights .Cannot fault it .The rooms are normall for london quite small but do the job .The location is absolutly fantastic 3 stops by the underground from Oxford circus . Hotel staff were really friendly .Cannot do enought for you .Highly recomanded .Will go back	
Nov 12 2008 	Super experience at Americana	This is a super hotel although the weather was poor being in such a nice bright clean and convenient hotel made up for everything. It is perfectly located for shopping in Selfridges and other stores in Oxford Street. For guests,the reception area is a spot where one can watch tv, have coffee and wait in great comfort in beautifully decorated surroundings. The rooms are well appointed with lovely interior decoration,Also, the linen and bedroom furnishing were delightful. The helpful check in and continued support of the staff at the desk with information throughout our stay from sunday until tuesday made our short break in London memorable. Just one small thing the brass on the front door should be polished like the Brass Rail restarant on the ground floor of Selfridges.	
Aug 14 2008 	The price is right.	Booked this Hotel over the internet a couple of weeks ago - after hearing several good reviews about the accommodation. From the outside I must admit it didn't really look much. However stepping into the hotel itself proved to be a pleasant surprise The lounge and reception were clean with a modern touch and the staff were more than helpful. . Upon receiving the room keys, my partner and myself made our way up to our room (on the upper floor). Instead of opting to walk the flight of stairs we decided to take the hilariously match boxed sized lift - which added to the character of the hotel if anything, not to mention it also gave us a good laugh!Getting into the room was a problem, however this was only because of my inability to use door keys! Luckily a lovely room cleaner came to our aid.The room itself was clean, modern and everything you could ask for considering the amount of money being paid - in short it had all the essentials (En Suite, Freeview T.V, Landline Phone, Wi Fi &amp; Hair Dryer). Breakfast was simple continental breakfast which served its purpose just fine and offered enough variety. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel anyone looking to go to London on budget - you won't be disappointed. Forgot to also mention it is literally 2-5 minutes from Marylebone and Baker Street stations with various shopping outlets and food chains scattered around. Would stay again and recommend to friends/family. I'd also advise anyone to London to grab some tickets to Blood Brothers at the Phoenix Theatre - a fantastic show!	
Jun 27 2008 	Typical tourist hotel in overpriced London	Stayed one night in this hotel. Rooms quite small, but very clean and within easy distance of Regents Park, Baker Street and other transport. Okay for a night or two and doubtless a typical tourist class hotel in over priced London.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great location for the price	Booked this hotel for a mid week break in London. Really liked the townhouse style of hotel and its great location near Baker street tube station and Madam Tussauds. Tour buses also go from the area. The hotel itself has a few down points, as other reviewers have noted. The Carpets! where do I begin... They are in a bad state. If they replaced them this would be a really nice hotel. We had booked a twin room for two nights but they only had a double, so they offered us another room free of charge, which was very nice considering we weren't bothered. Bathrooms very clean and modern. Rooms are small but do the job. They offer really nice tea/coffee all day in reception which is a nice touch after a long day sight seeing. Would recommend it for its location and price but wish they'd just get new carpets!	
Jun 4 2008	Very Nice.	Nice area with few shops and restaurants and very nice parc across. Easy access to the underground. Breakfast was nice. Cheese, toast, croissants. Toilets are very nice, which room also is. All in all really nice hotel. :D	
Jun 2 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	This is a great hotel, especially for the price and location. It's located near beautiful Regent's Park, the tube, restaurants and a laundromat. There's also a mini grocery and an internet cafe nearby. Robert and Simon at the front desk were very helpful, changing my room when requested (due to construction noise - the new room was fine) and going out to purchase clothes hangers when I requested more than were in the room. Beyond that Robert was very helpful in suggesting itineraries and places to visit and overall he was very friendly, making our trip even more enjoyable. The negative points of the hotel were not many and were not significant or sustaining. I would definitely stay at the Americana again. Our stay was in the first half of Feb '08 (this review is way overdue) when there was construction in the building next door so, as I mentioned, our first room was noisy but Robert moved us to a new room which was nice and quiet. The room faced the street which I didn't find to be loud despite what others have written. The rooms are small, only one person can really walk between the bed and the wall at a time, but unless you plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room I wouldn't worry about it. The elevator is a neat, old style one with a gate, but it's small and doesn't go to the very top floor. If you have a large suitcase you might not be able to fit a second person into the elevator at the same time. Regarding the television, I remember that some people wrote that the stations were limited and that there was no remote control in the room but we had quite a few stations and there was indeed a remote in the room. All in all it was a great deal. After hours of online research, the Americana was the cheapest, yet still decent, hotel that I could find. So if you want to save money this is the place to go. The free breakfast is also a great draw. I'm from the US and only remember that I paid $130 US dollars per night for two people in a double for ten nights through Otel.com. I think that might have converted to 65 British pounds per night at the time.	
Mar 4 2008	Good location - pity about the racket	Room was tiny &amp; very basic, but was clean.Great location - 5 mins walk to Baker St underground which will get you to most places easily. Oxford Street about 20 mins walk. For the price, it was fine but beware if you like to lie-in of a morning - building work next door was very loud &amp; started about 8.00 every morning. Likely to be going on for next few months..	
Dec 4 2007 	A good choice	I have stayed at the Americana on business on several occasions during 2007. The hotel is in a nice location, close to the tube (Baker Street about a 5 min walk). For a small, comfortable hotel in central London, I think this hotel is very good value. I've stayed in several different rooms and found each to be clean well laid-out and functional.The bathrooms, although small (and minus a bath!) are clean and modern; the water is hot throughout the day. The breakfast is continental buffet style but there's a reasonable choice and as much as you want.I've never had a problem checking in or out.Things that could put off some visitors:1. it's on a busy road and anyone staying at the front of the hotel WILL hear traffic noise;2. there's no restaurant so you'll have to eat out or bring something back (Tesco is only just down the road)3. the TV gets tuned from the reception desk; you can't do it from your room. Every time I've stayed I've only had 4 channels on the TV but different ones each time - can be annoying if you'd planned to watch football on ITV and there isn't an ITV. Reception can sort this out though.	
Nov 19 2007 	Fine location nich bathrooms..	Very bright ( on 3.th floor), but small rooms. Very good closetspace!, and very beautyfull new bathrooms, amazingly big,The carpet all over was looking very dirty, and as other rewiers, we found some dirt under the bed that wasn´t ousr! A very big shame, cause expect from that, it would be a perfect place, to that price!Practical location, only 4 minutes walk from the easy-bus stop, and Bakerstreet subway,and close to oxford street.	
Oct 11 2007 	so-so	Tiny room, but the toilet was good. I can't understand why they don't have a TV remote controler. To turn TV off, you should move from your bed. The staffs were kind, but not that much bright. Everything was so-so.	
Sep 30 2007 	Tiny and dirty	The room fit the bed with one foot around each side of it. We had trouble fitting our two backpacks somewhere! The shelf above the toilet was covered in hair and there were dustbunnies and a rotting avocado under the bed. When we mentioned it to the front desk and check-out he replied &quot;Well it's up to YOU to tell us if its dirty, so it's your fault too.&quot; That was great to hear. The hotel was very worn, the room was tiny and filthy. Definately would not stay here again, we were very disappointed.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great Hotel for high-priced London	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. I did a ton of research on trip advisor until I found the best hotel for less than $150 a day that didn't look or sound absolutely disgusting. Once we found the hotel our experience was great (we took the long route, but it's really only 2 blocks from the tube). The desk attendant was helpful and efficient. When we asked for a fan for the room he had one there when we returned. The room looked just like the pictures I saw on here. It was small but not claustrophobic, clean, and nicely decorated. The only problem we had was the shower did not work the first time we tried to use it. We called the front desk which did not seem that surprised to hear about our problem. However, within 15 minutes someone came down and fixed and we didn't have any other problems. The continental breakfast was excellent. Not only was there a coffee machine, there was juice, milk, cereal, yogurt, fruit, croissants, rolls, toast, deli meats and cheeses. This is a great, relatively inexpensive hotel for overpriced London and I would absolutely stay there again and look forward to it.	
Sep 18 2007 	Pleasant Surprise!	We (me and my fiancé) stayed in Hotel Americana in London from 3 Sep to 5 Sep 2007. Hotel room was really small, but tidy and surprisingly modern considering .. ;-). Reasonably priced hotels in London can be really dodgy and located far away from transport network. Staff was helpful, breakfast was okay and location was great!Only a couple of minutes walk from Baker Street tube station and a bus station across the street. So even the tube strike couldn't ruin our stay...Even though hotel was located near main streets of the area, there was no noise.I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends, when they visit London :-).	
Aug 22 2007 	Satisfied Customer	We found and booked the Americana at short notice relying on website reviews and were not disappointed. Walking distance from the Bakerloo tube station with an adequate number of bars and eateries nearby. Nicely renovated checkin with adjacent lounge and breakfast room. Our two rooms were not overly spacious or low in price, but it is London. However they were clean and comfortable and adequately fitted out, and there was an elevator. Included breakfast was not quite the full-English, but still a good standard. A well-presented hotel with friendly and helpful staff.	
Jul 15 2007 	Good little find	Brilliant little hotel - we stayed one night while attending a concert and 5 mins walk from Bakerloo line, the hotel was clean, en-suite had just been done out and it looked like the room had been too.Staff very friendly on reception, would definately recommend if going to London - we will definately use again!!	
Jul 13 2007 	Good for the price- lovely staff	Myself and my fiance stayed here for 3 nights from July 6th-9th. We were in London for the Live Earth gig so i chose this hotel as I had read the good reviews on Tripadvisor and knew that it was near the Baker st tube, on the Wembley Park line. It was indeed VERY convenient. Near Oxford st for shopping, a stones throw from Madame Tussauds and handy for Wembley Stadium. We were in one of the basement rooms, which to be honest, were pretty small. There was a patio door rather than a window so I was a little worried about security but we had no probs at all. Room was clean and modern and the bathroom was good, with great pressure in the shower. Excellent hearty breakfast was available and the staff were lovely (a nice man at reception got us tickets to Madame Tussauds for £17 each vs the £25 we would have paid at the door!). When we checked out they let us leave our bags there until we caught our flight. Good experience- would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2007 	really nice place to stay	What a lovely small hotel. Such a find in London when a lot of the smaller places are awful. The staff were really friendly and helpful. Rooms were quite small but were tastefully decorated and had a flat screen TV. The bathroom was very pleasant and the large overhead rainshower very boutique. The breakfast was plentiful and lots of choice, the lounge area with free tea and coffee very modern. The only very minor downsides for me were:A bit noisy when staying on the fourth floor above the street ( between 7 am and 11 pm).The room was very hot due to the temperature in London during my stay, no air conditioning but a large window (a nice area outside the window to sit if you can get out there).This hotel is in a really nice area, it is quite upmarket and felt safe at night for two females travelling alone.I will definately return here again, its one of the best 3* I have stayed at in London. Compare this to the 5* Russell square, rooms were smaller but service and food much better. This hotel is quite central and its easy to get around with 2 tube stations so close.	
May 16 2007 	Really VERY pleased with my stay	We stayed just one night in the Americana, but I was very impressed. Yes, the room was small, but very well laid out and furnished in light colours so it didn't seem claustrophobic. The bathroom, although again small, had a very good overhead 'rain' style shower, as well as a standard fitting. Breakfast was good. The lounge area is a real bonus for a 3* hotel, and the free tea or coffee a lovely touch. It would seem the bad reviews here are mostly from a couple of years ago. The hotel has been renovated since then, and is now of a standard to compete with hotels in the higher rating categories. I'll have no hesitation staying there again.	
Apr 26 2007 	careful!	Please don't use a credit card at this hotel. I stay in there for 3 nights in april 21-24. When I did my check-in I presented a VISA, just for a PRE authorization, since at that time I was not sure about the method of payment (cash, credit card).When I checked-out on april 24 I decide to use another card, an American express, instead of the VISA. All the debts were charged to that AMEX card.Nevertheless, when I checked my cards balance, I verified that THEY BILLED BOTH OF THEM!!!!I had an enormous headache dealing wtih VISA and AMEX trying to cancel the undue debt.Therefore, there was a large bad faith and actually robbery.My advice: if you had to stay at this hotel, pay cash.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great location lovely hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Americana. We were there at the end of March and stayed for four nights. The staff were all very nice. The room was small, but pleasant, and the location was excellent. It's within two blocks of two different tube stations. It's also on a quiet street, but near several good restaurants and pubs. Everything was very clean and comfortable. This is a great hotel for the budget-minded. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 13 2007 	a wonderful welcome!	we stayed there for 4 days and it was an enjoyable stay... the hotel is small but cosy.. somewhat noisy in the fact that we could hear our neighbours, but we were lucky to have considerate neighbours.The hotel has a nice lobby where there is a coffee machine available so hot drinks are complimentary as there is no kettle in the rooms. The continental breakfast consisted of bread, toast, croissants and pastries, hams and cheeses eggs and other cereals and yoghurts... plenty for a hearty breakfast to set you for the day.. and there was never a shortage of the food!The shower room was of a good size, and so was the bed room.Above all, the staff were extremely helpful and so welcoming.Would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 9 2007	Great experience!	Best location in a peaceful area in the heart of London.A boutique hotel , a very cosy lobby - sitting room with a variety of complimentary coffee / tea .Very very clean and warm rooms recently renovated so everything is brand new.Amazed with continental breakfast which included juice,all kind of coffee , tea , selection of cereals , bread , croisants.Also fruit , yoghourt ,cheese , ham, smoked turkey , boiled eggs etc Above all the people that were very friendly , profesional and helpful.	
Jan 26 2007	Great Location Friendly Staff	It was a very nice experience staying at Americana Hotel.The staff is available anytime you need them , always willing to help with any information you require.The location is great, just 10 min walk from Oxford Street and 3 min from Bakers Street underground station from which you can easily move around the city. Rooms are very clean. You can enjoy complimentary coffee, tea anytime in the &quot;warm&quot; lobby area. We also found breakfast to be very satisfying. Room rates are very reasonable.Surely would enjoy using the same hotel during our next stay in London !D. Petrou/S. ChristodoulouCyprus	
Nov 3 2006 	Good value hotel.	We stayed for three nights at the Americana Hotel. The hotel has a very pleasant lobby area where breakfast is served and where complimentary hot drinks are available throughout the day. The double room we had was small but was clean and tidy, towels changed each day and the staff on reception were helpful and friendly. The hotel is very conveniently located a few minutes walk from Baker Street Tube Station. This is a budget hotel and for the price was good value for money. Car Parking is available outside of the hotel during the night but the NCP car parks nearby are expensive to use during the day.	
Jul 20 2006 	good location decent price	We stayed at the hotel just after it had been refurbished and are very satisfied about the new standard (especially the brand new bathrooms are nice). The rooms vary in size, you can barely turn around in some of the bathrooms, however, we were lucky to get a room with a large bathroom. Rooms have small LCD TVs which lacks international stations, unfortunately.The staff is available 24/7 and is very friendly and helpful. Nice breakfast and complimentary tea/coffee/etc is available at any time. Good location, decent pricing.	
Jul 19 2006 	Friendly and good staff!	Two persons stayed four nights in july 2006 in a two bed room downstairs. The room seemed to be newly renovated, everything worked well.The staff were more helpful and careful than we are used to from many other hotels and they were so friendly!A good experience!	
Jul 3 2004	Poor hotel despite good postion.	Big problems here. Not very clean. Regretfully paid for 6 nights in advance. Believe me i was prepared for small rooms, as long as the rooms were satisfactory. But they were a genuine health hazrd. The first night we were woken up to a noize of a airconditioning vent just outside our window. Made the noise of a jackhammer. repeatedly went off and on. They changed our room after we complained the next morning. This one was ok but very not clean at all. Shower is ridiculously small to the point where you can't even wash properly. TV didn't work properly and just went off occasionaly for no reason. The staff are nice enough but they themselves admit the manager doesn't look after the place properly. Breakfast is ok. The position is good, but do yourself a favour and give this place a miss.	
Jun 14 2004	Beruit was better	Possibly one of the worst hotels (I use that word loosely) i have ever had the misfortune to stay in.Booked in for two nights could only manage one.The room was filthy, carpets disgusting, bedding alive, light fittings hanging off the walls, wardrobe door was lying next to wardrobe on floor. The bathroom had permanent waterfall from taps and shower did not work, tiles loose with water stains on the roof and walls....we won't mention the toilet !Avoid at all costs !	
Apr 7 2004	Some problems but liked it	Ipve stayed at Americana for 3 consecutive year and I agree, the rooms are small, the access to the 4th floor must be made through stairs only (a nightmare if you are carrying heavy luggage !) yes, the bedcovers are usually dirty, the breakfast is complete (however not tasty) but bath towels are clean, the personnel is attentive and helpful, not to mention the excellent location and 24 hour desk service . Indeed, it would demand a refurbishment (and actually it?s going to be through one this year). Besides all that, I still recommend it, for we travel to see London, not the hotel...	
Mar 30 2004	Also not impressed	Very small but that was expected. But not well-maintained. Bed coverings were shabby, carpet dirty, bathroom ok but not especially pleasant. Hot water came and went - you just didn't know when! Sheets directly on the mattress, no pads. But clean towels each day and bed made. Pleasant people at the desk. Excellent location. Great price. All in all, a mixed bag.	
Jan 15 2004	small but convenient	Stayed for 2 nights. Our room was tiny but the location was very convienent and the price was reasonable.	
Dec 11 2003	Not Impressed	This hotel was not very impressive. It does have a good location but there were several odd problems. The shower was rusted, the tiles were missing, the room was tiny, the bedspread was very damp (wet) and worst of all bed bugs! If you are willing to put up with that for the price they charge, then its great!! On my way back through London, for 20 pounds more I found a much much much nicer hotel in the Oxford Circus Area.	
Oct 29 2003	Hated this place	I stayed in this place one night in September. I was put in a room which was very, very small and absolutely disgusting. Shower stall was moldy, linens were not clean and the staff told me that management did not really care about upkeep of the hotel.Do not stay here.Terry	
Oct 17 2003	Pleasant stay in good area	A pleasant place in good area (near the Baker Street Tube Station). Rooms very small but clean with coffee/tea, phone, TV. Personnel helpful. Cold complimentary breakfast was just enough. Nothing special, but comfortable and quiet (we were on the back side). Good location for walking to Marlebone Road, Regents Park, and Baker St. Tube Station. We'd stay here again.	
Jun 20 2003	Nice little hotel	I stayed in a single room June 10-15. The room was downstairs and at night I could barely hear the rumble of the tube (Baker St. tube station is 3 blocks away). Walls were thin and I could hear my neighbors shower (among other things). Room was very small, but I expected that (I went to see London not to stay in the hotel room). The shower is the size of a phone booth. The room has no air conditioner (from what I could tell), but it wasn't really needed. The TV only had about 3 stations, and no CNN. The staff was friendly and helpful. I liked it when they handed me the key to my room instead of placing it on the counter. A small quiet pub is next door.	
Nov 16 2009 	aceptable		
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Nov 2 2009 	Bastante Aceptable		
Sep 6 2009	Hôtel pleins de charme à proximité du centre mais dans un quartier tranquille		
May 28 2009 	Bon rapport Qualité Prix		
May 13 2009 	Lo recomiento totalmente buen emplazamiento y confortable		
Feb 2 2009 	Capodanno 2008 a Londra		
Jan 7 2008 	hotel sympathique et acceuillant		
Nov 29 2006	Manque de propreté		
