Feb 26 2008 	Give this place a miss	I am a Londoner and I come at least once a year. This time my usual hotel (The Corus on Hyde Park) was full so I booked here, with my daughter. The hotel itself is OK, in a nice old building and a good location in a quiet road just a few minutes' walk from Oxford St. It was obviously a grand building once, but now needs some investment. There is another hotel next door, which bizarrely is connected to this one, with its clients directed to this one's Reception. We used the other hotel's entrance because it was closer to our room! We discovered that there are also two types of room here; large, comfy, well-decorated and pleasant - and not.Our room was grotty. There were three rickety beds crammed into the room, and the only window was high up, above the level of the door. We didn't feel that we wanted to spend much time there, so it's good you've got London on your doorstep. The bathroom was a 'modern' (1970's?) room tacked on the back, which they had tried to make nice with a lovely old bath but couldn't dispel a damp &amp; draughty feel. There was graffiti on the back of the door and the furniture was 'council flat' chic. It wasn't very clean - the sheets on one of the beds hadn't been changed. My guess is that the 'nice' rooms cost a lot more.Breakfast was a bit of a lottery - if you got there late you'd find they'd run out of croissants, and because the breakfast room (the bar) was so small it was full up, so we ate in armchairs in the stting room with it balanced on our laps. The staff were ALL foreign - London is a multi-cultural city but without any English at all it felt a bit rootless, and the staff didn't seem a happy bunch.	
Mar 14 2007 	good location	excellent location 5-10 min walk from the marble arch tube station. Small, tired, slightly dirty bathroom. Floors creaky. Smoke travels from neighboring rooms almost 24/7.	
Feb 20 2007	Shabby	Having stayed in the UK many times previously, I know value for money in London for hotels is questionable but I was desperately disappointed with my stay of 4 nights at the Bryanston.I can only describe the room as shabby and service as indifferent. Probably my worst hotel experience ever.	
Feb 20 2007	one night was enough	Stayed one night recently and that was enough .The hotel is very tired and worn out ,I am sure it was grand about 30 years ago but it is now well past its best.The whole building creaks.The location is quite good although you can do better , if you are on a short stay it will do but if staying longer look elsewhere. Breakfast ok but a bit crowded due to small dining room.	
Mar 4 2006	New Year's Eve '05	My friend and I arrived in London for New Year's Eve with no prior reservations. We knew after the New Year's Day had been rung in we'd be sleeping in the train station or park if we couldn't find a room.After consulting my Frommer's Guide (another great gift idea) we found this reasonably priced location just up from Big Ben and the Thames.For 79 pounds we got a room with its own bath, and 3 twin beds. What surprised me was the great continental breakfast buffet the next morning! It was more extensive then I'd seen in some US business chains with lots of choices of fresh fruits, baked goods and cold/hot cereals.I'd suggest this establishment 100% and would consider using it again on my next London visit.	
Feb 16 2006	Regretable	Stayed there for five days considering it would be our best option - We were awfully wrong! The location is far from everywere that might interest a tourist, so we had continuous &quot;tube&quot; trips. Not complaning about the beautiful and speedy London metro, though. The room was almost surreal. The coffee machine towering atop one of the beds, in the other you could take a nap and wash your hands at the same time. In the bathroom you could take a shower and -- simultaneously -except that you had to be very careful not to bruise your elbow with the partition! Staff was not very friendly, but that's to be expected in London. When we left five days later, we were truly relieved.	
Dec 19 2005 	look elsewhere	I would have to agree with the other reviewer that apart from the location there is really nothing much good to say about the place. The building is old and apparently poorly maintained. Its almost impossible to get a good night's sleep with the racket from the plumbing (if anyone in the same building flushes their toilet you can forget about quiet for the next 10 minutes) and creaking of floors. The service also leaves much to be desired. The hotel is not cheap but one gets the idea that they are doing you a favor by just letting you stay there, which is not a good impression to be receiving from a hotel, no? So, really, look elsewhere. This place has a lot to learn about the hotel business. (note: the pictures on the hotel's website are not totally wrong, just inaccurate enough to decieve).	
Nov 10 2005	Nothing good except location	I visited the Bryanston court hotel at April 2005 with my wife. I chose the hotel mainly because it is a 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch &amp; Oxford - a very good location.Nothing else could explain the high price (160$). We spent few hours going up &amp; down to the reception - there were 3 beds instead of 2 in the room for some reason. The TV remote control didn't work. The toilet didn't work properly. The heat didn't work &amp; the window couldn't stay open - you had to put a piece of wood to keep the window open, if you wanted some air. In addition, the sink was inside the room (!), next to the TV, instead in the bathroom.The staff was courteous, The room was clean &amp; the breakfast was OK, but if you don't have to stay right in the city center, for less money you can find a much better hotel.	
Jun 29 2005	An OK place	My wife and I stayed at the Bryanston Court Hotel for six days. We had lived in London for three years literally across the street from the hotel and were back for a visit. We stayed at the hotel due to its great location near Oxford Street and Hyde Park, and partially for nostalgic reasons. And we figured that since it was in the Best Western family, it would be fine. We paid 80 British pounds per night (about $145) which included a passable buffet breakfast of cold cuts, cheeses, rolls, etc. The hotel is split - a newer part and the older part. We stayed in the older part; it was a bit cheaper. The room was ok, but not really large enough to be comfortable. The bathroom was so small that there was no room for the sink - it was next to the bed. The staff were nice enough, except for the lady who ran the breakfast room in the mornings. She was constantly ragging on the young girls who worked there. $145 is pretty cheap for a London hotel in such a good location, but we'll stay someplace else the next time we visit London.	
