Nov 20 2009 	Very Reasonable !	Good value for money. We stayed in a family room, the bathroom was very spacious. We stayed for a long weekend and found it perfectly adequate. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was nice. Beds were uncomfortable though, unfortunately, but we weren't staying long enough for that to be an issue. Good location too, very short walk from Kings Cross Station. Generally good enough. Some people have unrealistic expectations - what you pay for is usually what you get, if you're expecting The Ritz then don't !	
Nov 11 2009 	I would avoid this dangerous fire trap!	I stayed at the Montana in Dec 2008 and was appalled. I'm a Londoner but at the time didn't have my flat in London, was living overseas and was passing through London and needed somewhere for one night in central London. I was ashamed that the hotel was in my home town. The receptionist made Russian intourist hotels look friendly and then, as we walked up to the room the main fire escape (and the only one from our room) was completely blocked by around 15 huge laundry bags. I raised this with the receptionist who seemed unwilling to do anything about it. At first I was told they would be &quot;moved in the morning!&quot;. &quot;So what if there was a fire tonight?&quot; &quot;Ugh?&quot;. I had to be very persistent to ensure these were actually removed that evening - fortunately I'm an English lawyer so I could at least speak with some authority. Fire regulations in the UK are there to protect hotel users! Otherwise the hotel was mediocre. The room was basic, the hot water wasn't hot and the bed sheets were not exactly the cleanest. Breakfast the next morning was poor. You can get amazing English breakfasts at many cafe's in the Kings Cross area. If you're travelling from overseas to visit Britain this hotel does not show the best of what we can offer. Please avoid.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect for family on overnight site seeing trip	We booked this hotel because of its proximity to Kings Cross and it worked out perfect. We arrived at 9.30 AM and went straight to the hotel to drop off our bags before heading off. They seemed apologetic because our room wasn't ready - we didn't expect it to be! The staff were lovely and friendly, the family room was very clean and perfect for 2 adults and 2 kids aged 14 and 8. Beds very comfortable. They provided plenty of tea and coffee and loads of milk. The only thing that would have been useful was sachets of shampoo and shower gel. Would definitely return here.	
Oct 11 2009 	Cheap and cheerful great breakfasts small rooms grubby shower.	Excellent location because of its close proximity to St Pancras/ Kings Cross, tube National and International Rail stations. Small room - clean linen, comfortable bed, and we were grateful to be on the ground floor because of our large, unweildy bags. Unfortunately the shower was not clean but diry and mouldy - even though the water pressure was perfectly adequate. Breakfasts were the best part and we ate heartily before our days activities. An excellent English Breakfast - just what I was hoping for, with eggs, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, baked beans, toast, butter, jams and coffee/tea.	
Oct 10 2009 	Small but catered to baby	We only stayed one afternoon and night at the Montana. We arrived from Heathrow and there was a pack &amp; play set up for our 7 month old. The room was very small, but all we required for our overnight and very early morning departure. We had no complaints.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nothing bad to point ! Good price nice and comfy !	This hotel is just 50m from the St.Pancras Station (metro and train)The neighborhood was nice and calm Everything smelled clean and goodThe staff were extremely kind and niceThe room was really comfyEverything worked fineThe breakfast was good (apart that they don't provide hot milk :) )No problems or things to point out as bad things!	
Sep 17 2009 	Fine if you are less demanding	Because I was travelling by eurostar I needed a hotel near the St.Pancrass station. The Montana Excel had a good price so I decided to stay here. Yes, I have read the comments but gave it a try. The hotel is a short walk from both the St.Pancrass and King's Cross stations. If you arrive by underground be sure to use the euston road (southern side) exit. Head into crestfield street, the hotel is opposite a playing field and park. When inside the hotel you will notice it's small and cramped. The stairs are also small and there is no lift so a big suitcase might not be a good idea. I believe the hotel is good for 1 or 2 nights, not longer. My small room had no toilet, no desk and no chair. The tv is small and old (no remote). The shower is small which might be a problem if you are a big person! Breakfast is OK but the breakfast room is small so come before 8.00 am. Breakfast is served between 7.00 am and 9.00 am. No complaints about hotel staff: they are friendly and helpful. But the location is perfect. There are many restaurants and foodshops nearby. This hotel is defintely not for the much demanding traveller but it was sufficient for me.	
Jul 16 2009 	No frills but highly recommended	Since 2003, my partner and I have stayed here on four separate occasions and both of us love the place. There are actually two hotels sharing the same entrance - Montana and Montana Excel. Excel has a sightly better decor, all rooms are en-suite, and the rates are a tad higher. The rooms are small, but if you are going to enjoy London to the fullest, you will not spend a whole lot of time in your hotel room. The breakfast is super - you get a full English breakfast (included in the rate) with fried eggs, tomatoes, baked beans, toast, sausages, cereals, OJ, tea, coffee, etc. Malcolm is the manager who also spends most day shifts manning the reception; he is very nice and helpful. If your room does not face Argyle square, it may get a little noisy because of local kids and other characters hanging out in the yard of their apartment complex adjacent to the back side of the hotel building. The hotel is very close to a tube station and King's Cross train station, which makes it easy to get anywhere from the hotel. The neighborhood is safe, even well after midnight. This hotel is definitely a great choice for any visitor in London who is on a budget.	
Jul 14 2009 	Amazing value for the money!	Conveniently located right next to King´s Cross tubestation, which has 4 different lines to choose from.Granted it´s a bit far to walk to anywhere touristy, but with the tube so close it does not matter.The breakfast served here is all you can eat of a full english breakfast - not something you normally see at hotels in this pricerange.Will definately stay here again!	
Jul 7 2009 	Basic cheap King's Cross 1 night stay	Good things:-Price-Location near King's xBad things:-smell !!!!-Very basic breakfast, only full english and some cereal. Wouldn't even heat up some milk.-room and furniture-LOTS OF NOISE in the morning from the banging doors. If you don't want to get up at 6 AM don't go here.Unless you need a one-night stop for king's x don't go here.	
Jul 6 2009	Overpriced	Exhausted after flying, this was a depressing room to come to. Duct tape covered the tears in the hallway carpet, and the room was spartan. No outlets in the bathroom, and no mirror in the room - made it difficult to blow dry, etc. No towel racks. The window had been bashed in (although outside it was covered with another layer of glass). Reasonably quiet, considering it was just off the lobby. Breakfast was fine - typical English breakfast. Good location near Kings Cross underground, but area was so so.	
Apr 29 2009 	What a load of rubbish horrible	stayed there on Sunday 26th April 2009 and our room number was G6 if you can call it a room that is, it was a box with two single beds which were the worst bed i've ever slept in, the furniture was disgusting and paint peeling, there was no ensuite you had to use the toilet and shower that everyone else used, there was however a sink in the room but it was awful in there, the bedding was old and smelly and when we left at 4am, there were prostitutes walking up and down the road outside, i would not recommend this hotel to anyoneon the plus side, it was really close to St pancras eurostar train station but i'd rather catch a taxi from wales than stay here again	
Mar 30 2009 	Good value for London great location clean	My stay on March 27th was quite good. Only a block from Kings Cross and the Tube, but on a quiet green square. Rooms tiny (as this is London) but furniture reatively new. Walls also recently painted, and bed linen almost new. Carpet just a bit worn. Bed a bit soft for my taste, but only needed for a night's sleep anyhow, not for living in the room. Staff were very personable and breakfast was ample full English. For under 40 Quid I had expected something quite dirty, but this was surprisingly clean. Good value for money in a good location and my experience was great.	
Mar 29 2009 	Wouldn't recommend staying there	We've stayed in the Montana Exel for three nights and didn't like it at all. We tried our best to spend as little time as possible in the hotel because we didn't feel comfortable at all when staying there, mainly because it was really dirty.Our room hasn't been vacuumed for quite a while when we first entered it and it didn't seem to have been vacuumed while we were there either. The shower was inside the room but unfortunately, the light in the shower did not work and they were not able to fix this although we asked for it. My partner's comment was that it might be better for us not to see what the shower looks like...I wouldn't have minded the holes that were in the towels and the bedclothes, as long as they would have looked clean, which they didn't.When we sat down for breakfast, we soon noticed that the cups that were standing upside down on the table, were not really clean either. My partner's had some dark spots and mine had a couple of hairs in it. We didn't really feel comfortable with this, still having our not really clean room in our minds and decided to have breakfast somewhere else. I know that we did not pay much for this hotel, so I didn't expect too much from the neighbourhood and the standard but I expect at least that the place I am staying in is cleaned and that I don't have to think about whether I can dare having breakfast there or not and what the shower might look like.	
Mar 17 2009 	Please don't stay here!!	DON’T STAY HERE!My boyfriend and I stayed here at the end of Feb 09 and it is safe to say that we will never ever return! We knew what to expect with budget hotels and the room was fine, as was the location. However, on our second day, after a long day sightseeing my boyfriend went to freshen up and found that someone had defecated in our shower. We had used it in the morning, so we were even more horrified when we realised that our room must have been left open and unattended for this to happen. The staff were extremely unapologetic, and the only offer of compensation we got was a new room, which we thought was a given anyway. As we were in a rush to get to a show, this greatly inconvenienced us. We paid full price for an unsecure room, with a shower that had been used as a toilet, don’t ever stay at his hotel!	
Mar 3 2009	Not noisy at all and still so close to Kings Cross!	I went here with my mom, we stayed for four nights and will definitively go back if we're going to London in the future. The only not-so-good thing about this hotel is the lack of a little sofa group or something like it for the guests, but if you are as us, it will not really bother you. We were to much outside to notice this little detail too much.Another minus is that the breakfastroom gets crowded if you get to late out of bed in the morning, but that is all negative sides I can find.The breakfast is a rather nice little buffet, and if you need any more of anything at all you can just ask the staff and they will help you get it. The breakfast-room is nice and light, even though it is placed in the basement. We ordered an &quot;en-suite&quot; room or something like it, and probably got a little bigger room that way, we did not pay to much more for it than an ordinary two-bed room, so it might be a nice investment if you don't like the small hotel rooms you mostly get in London. Our windows could open up and the room was clean and nice, and our towels got changed every day. The bathroom was a nice size and also spotless. There was no phone or so in our room, we had an waterwarmer, tea and coffee, sugar and cream and cups, a small, old tv, and a closet, and the table who held the tv also had a little cabinet. I noticed that even though we had no phone in our room, there was an available phone in one of the hallways, and that the note with fire-instructions on our rooms door also told all the important things we needed to know, like check-out time, and that you could borrow an iron and ironing-board if in need, and some other things. They had a luggageroom we had our stuff nicely locked in to we got our room, and the staff was nice and friendly, we also had no problems finding the hotel. All you really need is the address and you will find it if you go from kings cross. You can also find starbucks, a lot of nice sandwich-places and some restaurants not to far from the hotel, so no big problems there. The hotel does as mentioned here already lie in between other buildings around a little nice park, so no noisy highway involved.Our rooms door also had a nice snap-lock which looked rather strong, and our door held out most of the little noise from the hallway outside.	
Feb 28 2009 	Budget hotel room needs improvements	This budget hotel is located near a tube. Not the best neighborhood at night. Check-in was fast and friendly. There is no lift in the hotel. Small room, worn-out bed, shower was ok. The toilet, which is situated in the corridor could not be locked. There is only one staircase, so no extra emergency exits available. No Internet facilities, no gym. Breakfast is ok, but only available until 9am, also in weekends.Check-out was again fast. Luggage storage is available, beware though that this storage is accessible for everyone, so it may not be the safest place to your valuable goods. If you don't expect too much and you are on a tight budget, this hotel could be considered.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Location - Good Value for London	London is well known as the city with the worst value lodging in the world. It also has a reputation for rampant bed bugs (I've been attacked twice, both in hotels over £100 per night) and strange plumbing (what's with those separate hot and cold sink faucets - my right hand is freezing while my left is burning) - based on these criteria, the Montana Excel is really quite a good value.The hotel is very well located, only a few hundred feet from the Kings Cross/St Pancras Tube station. It's on a quiet street with Argyle Square (a little park) in front. Be aware that Google maps might send you to 16-18 Argyle Street - which is the wrong address a couple streets west. Be sure to enter &quot;18 Argyle Square, WC1H&quot; when searching google.I stayed on an overnight layover and airport transfer on December 23rd. The Hotel was almost empty and the entire city was very quiet. The receptionist was very polite and she upgraded me to a double room, from my single room reservation, without any second thought. It's worth noting that this location is very convenient for taking the Tube to Heathrow and coming from Stansted.The room itself (Room G5) was nothing to get excited over. I was on the ground floor, just across the hall from the door leading to reception. The room had a shower and a sink but no toilet. The toilets were just outside the room, only 12 feet down the hall. While I was there I saw no other guests. The toilets smelled and looked clean. The room had good linens and decent pillows and towels. Many low-end hotels wash their bath towels with their kitchen towels, transferring the kitchen grease smell to everything. The Montana Excel's bath towels had only a faint smell of kitchen grease, meaning they likely only partially subscribed to this philosophy.The beds were comfortable, the window opened to a small center atrium, which allowed in some nice, fresh air. The room had no heating controls, the heat radiated from the walls surrounding the sink. This was effective at heating but really was too much without keeping the window open for balance.The television was small but worked fine. There was a small fan in the room that didn't work. Nearly every plastic thing in the room, like the tv remote control was sticky or greasy and contained who knows how many microscopic nasties. The shower opened directly into the room with a carpeted floor. If you opened the shower door while the water was running, it splashed all over the carpet.Overall the room was pretty clean but there wasn't anything in there that was purchased this century, save for the linens.In conclusion, the Montana Excel offers a very good value and clean room for those who appreciate a well-located, budget hotel. It's very possible to pay twice the amount for hotels less clean and in worse locations in London.	
Jan 3 2009 	damp stuffy and cramped	I stayed at the Montana Excel for 3 nights from the 30th December to the 2nd January. Firstly our room was smaller than my bedroom, as our room was at the end of the building there was also a terrible damp problem which made the room smell stuffy and the walls were wet at all times. There was also no toilet in our room just a shower which was not the best ive ever used. On our second day i went down to the basement in the morning for a full english breakfast to find the was only toast and cereal on offer that day. Overall i was not impressed with the standard of the hotel, although the staff were very nice and polite.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good Value good location	I stayed in a single room at the hotel in November 2008 for 1 night. I found the location great as it is directly opposite Kings Cross station. The staff were really friendly, the room clean with a kettle &amp; TV and the breakfast was lovely; buffet style with cereal and cooked breakfast, tea &amp; coffee. My only bad comment was that the water in the shower could have done with being hotter, apart from that no problems. I would stay here again.	
Dec 5 2008 	Decent little place	We booked two rooms at the Montana Excel on the 28th of Nov, one single and one triple. Both were clean and neat, but the shower in the single was tiny, if you weigh over 220 pounds you will not be comfortable using it. This hotel is a good value in a great location. If you are staying here try to get a room 'with en-suite toilet and shower.' which will give you a larger bathroom. Wouldn't mind staying here a second time.	
Sep 30 2008	Very basic - good location for Eurostar	This hotel is extremely basic, but is ideal for the Eurostar, if your on the first one in the morning and just wanting somewhere to crash for a few hours. At £50 in London, you can't expect much, and there is not much offered. The room was very small, and had a shower cubicle next to the bed. The toilet was on the floor below, Clean room, but walls are very thin. 2 mins from the train station.	
Aug 2 2008 	terrible in the basement	We stayed 3 nights in Montana Excel. 2 adults and 2 children. (10,12). The room was in the basement. During the day was it warm in London. The room was very hot (no airconditioning), and the air in the room was stuffy. The bathroom was not clean. When I told the lady in the reception that I was very disappointed about the room she said that I was wrong and that it was a nice room (!!!). After 2 nights we could move to another room. This room was better. The room in the basement is a very bad room, and I want with this review to warn people not to except rooms in the basement from Montana Excel.	
Jul 31 2008 	good location	Although Montana Hotel is very central to King's Cross/St.Pancres, station, the rooms are very small, with very thin doors and the beds aren't very comfortable. We had a hard time with getting our toilet to flush as well. The staff,however, were very helpful, especially the electrician, who went out of his way to help me. I probably would only stay here again if I got a room highger up, as we were on the same level as the breakfast room and it was very noisy.	
Jul 30 2008 	Not fantastic but I'd recommend	This isn't the nicest place I've ever stayed but overall I'd recommend it. We actually stayed at the Montana and not the Montana Excel but they're owned by the same people (and within a few doors of each other).It's expensive (we paid £60 per room per night for a double) but everywhere in London is expensive. It comparison to elsewhere in London I'd say it was good value for money.The room was clean (but small), sheets were clean, tea and coffee facilities were provided in the room and the tv worked. The shower was hot (also small). The best thing about the hotel was the bed was comfortable (we were doing a lot of sightseeing and exhausted by the end of the day) and the breakfast was very nice - lots of choice of cereals and hot food, hot drinks and juices and it was served buffet style so you could fill up for the day.Location is excellent - a couple of minutes walk from Kings Cross station and very easy to find.On the morning we were packing up to leave it was raining very heavily and water started streaming down the curtains. I'm not sure if this was a leak or the ceiling was damaged, if it was a permanent problem or a one off. We mentioned it to the staff when we were checking out but as we were leaving it didn't really concern us and we didn't find out the cause.The only thing I had a problem with and would warn other travellers of is that the hotel asks you to leave your key at reception (manned 24 hours) whenever you're out. I know this is not unheard of but it's one of my pet peeves.Overall the Montana is a great base for seeing London. Its basic but has all the essentials.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great hotel for touring London!!!	We stayed for 3 days, and the Montana Excel was perfect! The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, and the Kings Cross/St. Pancras station is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. The rooms are small but clean, and the breakfast is all-you-can-eat and very good. The street is quiet, and there are several good restaurants and pubs within walking distance. For $100 a night, you can't go wrong staying here - especially if you plan to spend your days checking out the sights!	
Jun 23 2008 	Great location clean rooms good price	Hotel Montana was absolutely fantastic hotel.We had never been in London before and the hotel was really easy find from Kings Cross/St Pancrass station.Easy acces to all over the city with underground.We got our room downstairs just by the breakfastroom. Room was normal British standard. Bed was clean and bathroom looked somewhat renovated. Water did not run that well in the shower, but who cares as long as it is warm :-)There was also a small TV with some channels.Breakfast was included but it had quite a weird opening hours - just untill 9am.If you're looking for an ok hotell with good location, good price and nice staff this hotel is for you.	
May 15 2008 	Good value for money	There were four of us sharing one room for nine nights early february 2008 - the fact that we didn't end up over the edge speaks for itself. The room was large enough for all of us and our luggage (some decent hangers wouldn't hurt but that's such a minor complaint that it hardly seems worthy to mention).  As long as we're talking minor improvements - a shelf above the batroom sink and maybe an adjustable shower (i mean the height, not the water temperature which we had no problem with during our 10-days stay) would be nice cheap adjustments they could make.  As for cleanliness - well, I guess it depends on your standards; carpet was vacuumed and towels changed every day, beddings every other day or so; however i couldn't get my eyes off the thick layer of dust on the ceiling light in the room or on the fan in the batroom (i ended up cleaning the latter myself, it drove me crazy). I guess they do their best during high season and details like these get left out most of the times. The room didn't have double glazed windows and at first we thought heating was going to be problematic but as soon as we expressed our concerns - actually they were complaints cause the room was too cold for us - they turned on a second radiator and we were great. Breakfast was fine, we had it for 9 days so it's hard to be extatic about it but we liked it and it kept us going for many hours. Had it been just the hotel room I was reviewing I would have rated it 3 Neutral / Average, but the whole package deserves more: the staff was accomodating, the location is excellent as a base for exploring the whole city be it by tube, bus or by foot for certain areas and the price we paid was unbeatable (90 pounds/night, quadruple ensuite, breakfast included).	
May 14 2008 	Enjoyed our 5 day stay in Londen	We stayed at the Montana Excel Hotel for 5 nights and enjoyed it. The hotel is situated in a quiet area, opposit a small green. The room (with ensuite shower and w.c.) was small but comfortable, beds are good. Clean towels every day, bed is not made every day, but we did not see that as a problem. The breakfastbuffet is good. Eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, beans in tomato-sauce, tomatoes, coffee, tea and orange juice as much as you like.Kind and very helpful Polish waitresses serving and cleaning the tables very quickly. You get a nice hotel for your money, certainly compared to other Londen hotels.The distance from Kings Cross/St. Pancras station is about 75-100 m and ideal because of the serveral tube-lines and of course the eurostar.We will certainly stay at the hotel again. We do visit Londen every year, and stayed at several hotels so we have got some experience and a lot of comparison material.	
Apr 19 2008 	You get what you pay for	Well the room obviously hadn't even seen a vacuumer for a long time. Even though I'm not allergic to dust, it was not easy to breathe in the room. And what seems to be typical for english houses, there was a 2 cm hole between the windows, so cold air was coming to the room all the time.If you need a quick shower, don't try to have one at the hotel. It takes about 5 minutes for a person to get wet because there isn't actually much water coming down from the shower. I also had some problems with the shower's door. While I was trying to wash shampoo off from my hair with the little water I was getting, the door got stuck and I couldn't open it from the inside. Luckily I was travelling with my boyfriend who came to open it. The room's door was quite thin and didn't seem that secure and it was banging when other people were closing their rooms' doors.Breakfast was good compared to breakfasts that I've had in similiar hotels. Staff was friendly, location is great. The hotel is good quality for the price. If you only need a place to sleep in and you're not too bothered about the dust in the room, I recommend Montana Excel.	
Dec 11 2007 	Great Value	Nice hotel in an excellent position for the stations. Staff were friendly and accomodating. Rooms are very small and would not suggest a long stay here.. The price is excellent for what you get (we paid £65 p/n for a twin room 06/12/07 ). beds are just ok enabling a good nights sleep. Shower and toilet are ok well much better than a piblic loo. Great for walking into centre and the Tube is very close.The cleanliness of the room is poor but the bedding and bed were fine. Lots of storage space for clothes,	
Nov 24 2007 	Great location and great price	We were looking for a cheap basic hotel for a 2 night stay in London and this was perfect.We had a twin room with onsuite. It was really basic with 2 small beds but as it was only somewhere to sleep this was perfect and the price was great.. and included breakfast too!Like others have said the stairs are steep so I wouldn't want to do it with a big suitcase but it wasn't too much of a chore. Location is fantastic, literally opposite Kings Cross station.If you want a cheap central hotel then I would definatly recommend this one.	
Sep 27 2007 	cheap and cheerful central and clean	Stayed at the Montana Excel on 19-21 September 2007. Staff were friendly, room was spotless, breakfast was okay, but trying to get luggage up three flights of narrow and steep stairs was exhausting. Try and get a room on the lower floors.It is a small hotel, with even smaller rooms, but for ?60 a night for a double, including breakfast in central London, you can't go wrong. Five minutes walk from Kings Cross/ St Pancras and there are plenty of eating choices in the vicinity.	
Sep 12 2007	clean but....	stayed in room 14.....if your looking for clean room and decent breakfast and no sleep place is ok...BUT on a hot humid night.expect to be kept awake by local people sat on doorstep chatting until early hours..broken window latches. so couldnt shut out noise also .broken toilet seat..broken electric sockets ...no fire escape!	
Sep 12 2007 	Montana 	I've stayed at the Montana &amp; Montana Excel a number of times since January 2003, and it's always been &quot;pretty OK&quot;. In all honesty, the room prices have always been the main consideration - it's very much a cheap &amp; cheerful place, basic but adequate facilities, etc, etc. I must agree with another reviewer about the plastic/styrofoam cups in the rooms for making yourself a hot drink - that's always a bug-bear considering how cheap mugs are. I tend to take a beaker in my rucksack whenever I stay there now!!The breakfast buffet is always good and plentiful, but having only ever travelled with at least one other person, I've never had the problem of not getting a table in the breakfast room in the basement. I have seen other people being somewhat ignorant and hogging full tables and not being willing to move, which is a bit of a sad indictment on the English Traveller.If you want somewhere cheap, conveniently located, clean and compact in London, you can't go far wrong with the Montana &amp; Montana Excel - but always remember you get what you pay for...	
Aug 7 2007	BASIC SMALL AND CLEAN HOTEL	Montana hotel was fine, we paid £28 pppn for room with shower and breakfast. Rooms are very small, but clean and comfortable. Tea and coffee is supplied in abundance in the room. Breakfast was very good, and you could eat as much as you like, toast, bacon, poached eggs, beans, tomatoes cereals, juice, tea and coffee. I thought the hotel was great value for money, and as we were sightseeing, we only spent limited time in the room anyway. Minuses for this place would be the shared toilet and the fact that some of the rooms were difficult to reach when carrying luggage up the narrow stairs, but overall it was fine. The staff were very friendly and we had a good laugh with Natalia the receptionist. Very central location, on top of the northern line so everything was in easy reach, also loads of shops and takeaways nearby. Can recommend the food at the chop house.Expect to get what you pay for with this one, no frills, but more money in your pocket for the attractions.	
Jul 10 2007 	Came so close to recommending this...	Well, my stay began so well! Superb location, literally minutes from King's Cross, which was the reason I picked it - I went to a concert in London on Sunday night and had to get an early train to visit family the following day. Room was small but perfectly adequate for my needs - one small niggle there, though, namely polystyrene cups for the tea and coffee...proper cups are cheap enough at any pound shop! Comfortable bed, plenty of hot water in the shower...and then the morning rolled around - which was when I discovered that although the buffet breakfast looked absolutely delicious, the Montana is yet another hotel that expects its guests to eat at communal tables. There were only a few tables available, and the occupants had positioned themselves in such a way that they were clearly unwilling to share them - and since I didn't have time to wait indefinitely, the McDonalds round the corner had to suffice. Hotels need to be aware that although Europeans may not mind this practice, Brits find it slightly uncomfortable - especially women travelling alone - and as a result, despite the location and cheap rate, I won't be staying here again or recommending it. Sorry!	
May 21 2007	excellent for small budget	This hotel is one the less expensive in London. We paid 50 pounds per night for a twin room with a shower. Toilets are shared but very clean. The room is tiny but clean. The english breakfast is also included in the price. You have eggs, sausages, hams, beans and also bread and jam. This is a buffet so you can eat as you want. The staff is nice. You have a 2 minutes walk to go to King's Cross where you have trains, subways and buses. So it is really easy to go in each part of London. The only badpoint is about the noise. If you have noisy people in the next room you will hear them. Be careful if you pay by card because they add 5%. In conclusion, if you are looking for a good hotel at a small rate in the center of London don't hesitate and go to Montana Excel.	
May 4 2007 	Could Have Been Better	In all honesty, I would have to say this hotel is trying hard, but isn't really there yet. Bathroom facilities have been upgraded and were fine, but furnishings and decor have not. Many of the rooms are located up steep stairways with no lift (common in many unimproved hotel properties in this area, I'm sure. But still, if your bag is heavy...) When I arrived the front desk was not busy, and the receptionist (manager?) offered (without my asking) to haul my bag up for me (gratefully accepted). The walls are thin (also common in this type of hotel, I'm sure) so any room will only be as quiet as its least quiet immediate neighbor. Plumbing sounds are unavoidable. Street noise is minimal as the area is removed from main road, but rowdy groups coming home late at night to neighboring hotels will be a disturbance. All staff were entirely pleasant and helpful, so no problem there. Breakfast did not even come close to comparing with other sumptuous English breakfasts I had elsewhere on the trip -- limp and soggy white toast, tomato slop with very few actual tomatoes, beans...&quot;bacon&quot; was OK, though very fatty..rubbery pre-cooked eggs. I turned to the limited cereal offerings on Day Two and was not much more impressed. Still, I suppose it's nourishing, and &quot;free&quot; is always good. Again, I would stress that the staff was cordial, the facilities clean, but I would agree with someone else who said one could probably find a better value in one or more of the multitude of other similar hotels surrounding this pleasant square -- the problem of course is how does one track down a good means of comparison... For a similar cost, I enjoyed a far superior two star hotel experience in Paris, so I suspect there's better to be had in London as well. Hopefully the management will post some sort of message when additional upgrades have been accomplished (if any are planned) in which case I would recommend. But until then...not unless you are really strapped for alternatives.	
Apr 21 2007	Good surprise!	We expected something worse! Actually, the hotel is clean, the room was comfortable and the bathroom was ok. Honestly there is a (very) decent minimum: nothing is amazing but nothing is disappointing either. If you don't plan to spend your days in your room, then we recommend it!Ps : the breakfast tasted like an British breakfast...	
Jan 30 2007 	Good Value - Friendly Staff	Firstly i have to say that the staff we encountered on our short (1 night stay) were fantastic. The female receptionist was very friendly and even complimented us all on our outfits Saturday night! The night receptionist was also very helpful, he took my friend down to the kitchen and let her warm her take-away in the microwave in the early hours of Sun morning. We had a quad room and it was a very good size, there were a few small problems but considering we'd paid just £21 each i didn't complain. The room was bright and generally clean but the carpet looked like it desperately needed a vaccum and the hangers in the open wardrobe were very dusty. The bathroom was bright and clean but unfortuantely their wasn't enough hot water so i was the unlucky one that got a cold shower! The bed linen and towels were clean so it was comfortable enough for our needs. Breakfast finished at 9am so we decided to opt out in favour of a lie in. So i can't comment on the food but my friend did say that the kitchen and dining room were spotless.This isn't the best hotel in London but it's friendly and good value for money, i'd stay there again.	
Jan 20 2007	Good Value For Money	I stayed at Montana Excel for 4 nights, early in May 2006. I would happily recommend as being very good value for money, in London.The staff were friendly and efficient. The breakfast was an added bonus - I am a cholesterol junkie. The room was clean. The bed was small but adequate. The room overlooked a tranquil square. TV, radio, en suite shower and tea/coffee making facilities were all part of the deal.It is well situated - being just up the road from Kings Cross Station. I was very happy and accepted the hotel for what it was - remarkably good value in London.Howard NeillCape Town, South Africa	
Dec 19 2006	Just OK!	After checking out this B&amp;B through various websites and most importantly the reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to go for Montana Excel considering it's location and price. The people at the reception desk (mostly Russians) were neither friendly nor polite or keen and excited to see guests coming into the hotel. Room was small, which was expected, but clean. Water takes about 5 minutes to get hot in the shower and could be a challenge during winter! Bed was really small, too small for Caucasions I would say but thank god my husband and I are not too big in size! You could feel the springs on the mattress but luckily for our weight, it did not reach the level of which they pierce through the mattress! One thing I have to comment is, the breakfast. English breakfast served hot and fresh every morning by the same Russian woman who has to cook breakfast, clean up the dishes and clean the rooms. No wonder she pulls a long face every morning!! Overall, it was just OK for 55 pounds/night.	
Dec 7 2006 	Disappointing beyond compare	Having wasted enough time and money already with this hotel i will keep this short. Our room, double (shared facilities) when we arrived was small (the bed hardly fitted the room), reeked of cigarette smoke and worst of all had a matress unfit for purpose. By this i mean the bed was visibly broken with the matress springs piercing through the sheets. In order to sleep on the bed we had to lay bath towels over the bed and then sleep on top of the duvet. The next day we made a complaint to the manager who promised to rectify the problem. When we returned in the evening the room was just the same. Asking the reception to offer a new room or change of bed the reply was he could not do anything as he had no keys to the housekeeping room? To add insult to injury we were told that such a request should have been made in the morning! Something we had done. Whilst this hotel may appeal to those doing business in the Kings Cross area, anyone else may consider getting value for money elsewhere!	
Nov 22 2006 	Not awful but not great	I was expecting a small room so I wasn't overly surprised by the tinyness of the room or compactness of the shower. Small but functional and clean. The lady on reception was friendly. So far so good..... Realised too late at night the TV wouldn't work as it's remote had no batteries, in the morning I woke with burning eyes from the cigarette smoke that was seeping under my door - I had specifically asked them for non-smoking for health reasons.The shower gave no hot water. The curtain didn't cover the whole window so had to move it to the bit you were in to avoid providing a display for opposite windows! Went down for breakfast - food was fine, and a buffet so you could eat as much as you like. Previous reviewers have said about greasy food - well, that is what an English breakfast is! Like it or lump it. There was the traditional English fry up plus cereal, toast, fruit juice and tea/coffee. The problem with breakfast though was the moody woman serving in there - she gave off such a horrid atmosphere.Despite all that - it's cheap for central London and was clean and I felt safe there as a lone female...... I have stayed in some real rat holes in London in the past so whilst Montana was not great it was certainly not awful and I wouldn't say avoid. I'd probably go back if I was needing a cheap room in London unless I could find somewhere that was completely non-smoking.	
Sep 20 2006 	Suprisingly nice B 	We stayed at Montana Excel for 6 nights. It was very nice and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.It is far enough away from Euston Road (which is extremely busy) to be quiet. The whole place is spotlessly clean, and tho some of the carpet is kind of old, there's a fresh coat of paint, so it's not run down. We had an overhead light that burnt out - asked them to fix it, which they did.The room was big enough to move around in - small by U.S standards, but this is London! The beds reasonably comfortable, and there are wardrobes you can put your things in. The windows open.The shower was too small, the shower curtain stuck to one side of you much of the time, but that was the only bad thing we encountered.We weren't too fond of the English breakfast, but it was good quality and since it was buffet style, we were able to choose what we wanted to eat. The breakfast room is big enough so that we always found a place to sit.The staff was nice and they have a locked room you can keep your suitcases in for a few hours after checking out.	
Sep 17 2006	I'll come back next time	We got a room for two persons with a clean bathroom for 110 pounds for two nights. The location was great (5 min. walk to King's Cross station) and the staff was nice. The breakfast was ok, not much to choose from (toast, eggs, bacon, sausages, white beans in tomato-sauce, marmelade, coffee, tea and orange juice) but for just two mornings it was fine. If I come back to London I'll take the same hotel.	
Jun 11 2006	Montana Excel is OK	This hotel is cheap for London and that's in my view the main advantage: you can spend your money elsewhere. The room was quite clean (I found a hair in the bed) but had some minor flaws. We shared a bathroom which door could not be closed... and of course there was a person insidewhen I first wanted to come in!To sum up: the room and facilities were OK. No decoration, no style, just for sleeping. The shower was very small. We stayed in the 4th floor which was very quiet. We slept very well.The breakfast was below average, not very tasteful. And the staff was OK. Finally, this hotel is located quite far away from the city center. So you must take the bus or the tube.	
May 26 2006	More than we expected for that price!	London hotels are known to be very small and very expensive, compared to hotels in many other European countries. We were aware of that when we had to find a hotel for two nights for a surprisingly stay in London. As we needed it only to sleep and to change clothes we did not want to spend more than necessary and were prepared to land up in a &quot;rat hole&quot; for the price we wanted to spend.There were several free hotels which offered approx. the same rate as the Montana Excel, but the review on tripadvisor for most of the others were scary! So we decided to trust the far better reviews - and chose the Montana. The first impressions were not the best. The stairway to our room somewhere in the cellar was very narrow and dark and the view out of our window in the cellar showed a blank brick-wall and some rubbish. The bath-room was small and there was no possibility to store tooth-brushes or towels. But at least it had en-suite shower and toilets (a &quot;luxury&quot; which many other London hotels in the same price-category do not offer!). The breakfast was English only, so all who cannot stand sausage and baked beans in the morning might have a slight problem and are forced to be satisfied with toast, butter and some jam. On the other hand: MANY other hotels in that price-category do not have included breakfast - so what! This is all we could &quot;complain&quot; about. The room was small, but very clean and there was plenty of coffee and tea and a water-boiler. It even had a safe, which is also not &quot;usual&quot; for cheaper hotels. There was also room-service (which we had not even expected for that price!). The staff (especially the owner (?) himself) was VERY friendly and always trying to fulfil personal wishes or extra-needs. All in all we were very satisfied with what we got for that (for London circumstances) really &quot;cheap&quot; rate. We would stay there again without any doubt and can really recommend that hotel for all who search an affordable, clean hotel with good connections to the underground (King's Cross is only a few minutes walk away) and who are not expecting to get a &quot;Savoy&quot; or &quot;Hilton&quot; for that rather cheap price! We have seen MUCH worse hotels for even higher rates!	
May 7 2006	Excellent	My friend and I did some traveling around the United Kingdom and stayed in London at the Montana Excel. We were very pleased. The staff was very friendly and breakfast was filling as well as delicious. The rooms were comfortable and very clean and the bathroom was spotless. We were in an amazing location. A two minute walk down the street is Earls Court train station which goes pretty much everywhere. There is fast food and a few chinese restaraunts just a short 2 minutes walk from the hotel. It was quiet and the location was perfect. I couldn't have asked for a better location. I would without a doubt stay at this hotel again and recommend it to everyone who goes there. It was fairly inexpensive at a price of about 47 pounds a night. The staff was very informative and helpful. I loved this hotel!!	
Feb 27 2006	Clean and quiet. A good value in the heart of London!	For a Bed and Breakfast establishment, the Montana is a well run establishment. In general, in a B&amp;B what you're getting is a room with breakfast the next morning. That's it. The Montana Excel is not a Hotel, it's a B&amp;B, and if you're expecting anything more, then you've set your expectations too high.The room was barely large enough to hold my bed was comfortable, but most importantly the room and bed were clean!!! With the rampant stories about bedbugs making a comeback, I was scared off by all the horror stories about places that billed themselves as Hotels that charge twice as much per night.Montana Excel to the rescue! With the reviews from this site about its cleanliness, this place became an easy choice. For a B&amp;B, it has a nice counter. My room was up 5 flights of narrow stairs, but being young and in shape, I was able to climb them and enjoy the excercise. If you don't think that you'll like stairs, they have rooms much lower to the ground. The first thing I noticed on entering my room was how warm and sunny it was. It turns out that the heater was just under the open window and they provided me with fresh, warm air throughout my 2 week stay...They have a wardrobe and a couple of drawers in the room, and a very small color TV with the broadcast channels (BBC1, BBC2, Channels 4 and 5, and some others).There was a shower module that was built into the room. The flexible hose dripped, and when I complained to the front desk, all they could give me was a sympathetic apology that they had ordered new ones and unfortunately these would be installed after my stay. So to stop the drip from driving me crazy, I unmounted the shower head from the wall, and let the water run down the hose to the stall floor quietly.Breakfast was good, consisting of stewed tomatoes, baked beans, toast, bacon (although the British version is more like ham), sausages, and poached eggs.Tea, coffee, Muesli, cornflakes, milk and orange juice were also available. All of this was available buffet-style, so eat up as much as you want, then pack a ham and egg sandwich for a hard day's touring!The location is great. Just one block from Kings Cross/St. Pancras stations, so easy access to the Tube. But not so close as to be audible. In fact, the only noise at night I heard were drunken revelers coming back from the pub.If you're caught out after the Tube closes at 11pm, buses that will take you back to the area are easy to find.The Post Office, convenience stores, all kinds of fast food, Indian, and Internet cafes are within 1-2 blocks. The British Library is also nearby.There are a couple of pubs within 2-3 blocks as well. I liked the Euston Flyer on Euston the most.I would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 2 2006 	brilliant value!!	i cant understand why this hotel would get any bad press.i spent a few nights in london across the road in a hostel which was rubbish for £20 a night, got a single room here for £30, thought i would treat myself on the last night. first impressions when you walk in is that its been freshly done up, checked the room out before i agreed to stay and it was great, the shower was fantastic, the hotel was quiet at night, breakfast was ok, it was the usual full english breakfast and it doesnt hurt to ask when breakfast is served and where. the room was clean, it was maybe just a little bit small but i can cope with that when the holiday inn across the road is asking £80 per night for the same kind of room.comfy, clean, friendly staff, im going to stay there again next week!	
Oct 16 2005	Small room- big value	Spent 4 nights at the MONTANA and have no complaints. Room was small compared to what we are used to (AUS) and are like Fomula 1 motel. I disagree about breakfasts as we had a fully cooked breakfast every day and it was great. Service and welcome from 80-90% of staff was very good only one who was less that happy. We had a problem with our shower when we arrived and it was fixed within 1/2 hour. Location was excellet directly accross from Kings Cross tube and on the Picadilly line from Heathrow. We walked to Lecister Sq and Russell Sq for resturants and pubs. Reception was 24 hrs. There was a heavy smell of smoking in the hall ways but our room was OK. We did need some extra pillows. In addition my daughter came and stayed as well and there was no problem. I had several email exchanges prior to staying and there was no problem will resevation/payment etc. This was an excellent start to the holiday in the UK and I would recommend this as a good inexpensive base for LONDON.	
Sep 20 2005	Nasty!	As some other reviewers have mentioned, don't be mislead by the photographs on the hotel's website, as the two rooms that I viewed bore no resemblance to the bright and modern-looking rooms pictured. Rooms smelt of cigarette smoke (I understand there are no non-smoking rooms?), furnishing were cheap and tatty, carpets heavily stained, near-transparent curtains, etc. A ground-floor room with insecure-looking window catches (this is King's Cross, after all) definitely isn't a good choice. I'm not expecting the earth for £40/night, but this hotel is just dreadful. Do yourself a favour, and pay an extra £10 or so to stay at one of the Travelodges nearby.	
Jun 1 2005	Might Stay Here Again	Clean, with friendly, young staff -- and excellent location for transport options -- but the Web site doesn't really show honest photos of the place. It IS a very good price for current London hotel rates, but don't think you're getting something modern and upscale. This is your typical Euro budget joint: it's old, there's no elevator, a tiny winding staircase, a room the size of a closet, shower and sink in room but toilet shared (&quot;en suite&quot;), one thin pillow and light blanket, huge closet in proportion to the rest, nice view out my window of Argyle Square -- but not much to see there other than soccor players. Breakfast was advertised but it was never offered to me and I saw no evidence of it -- but I never asked, either, because I preferred to go out. There's a hot water pot and cups, instant coffee/tea in the room. All was clean and linens changed daily. Some noise from other rooms but it wasn't excessive. Some late night noise on square as pubs closed, but again, not excessive. I felt safe (single woman traveling solo) inside the hotel and walking the 1.5 blocks from Tube/train/bus station. Loved the near Islington and everything else location -- yet being outside the main tourist hotel loops. Small markets within a block as well as post office, atm machines, fast food joints and internet cafe (avoid the internet connection at the McDonald's on the corner -- there is no mouse and it's difficult to manuveur). More expensive hotels are nearby, Travellodge and Comfort Inn, and you'll pay twice the price at least. So, if price is your main concern, you should certainly consider staying here.	
May 9 2005	impeccable!!	very good hotel, good budget, no problems, no noise, near underground so??? fantastic!!! very easy to find when you dont know london and direct from the airport!! i will come back with my daughters. Thanks to the staff.	
Apr 30 2005	Hotel Montana good budget hotel	Don't confuse this hotel with the Hotel Montana near the Gloucester Tube station. And be ready for a typically small, Euro style hotel. The rooms are small, the bathroom is small, but this is not the US. The twin beds look almost cot sized, but were very comfortable and the room and linens were fresh and clean. The tiny bathroom was spotless and there was plenty of hot water. There is no lift. Full English breakfast (included) was buffet style, and very ample. Location is terrific, right across from Kings Cross Station (BritRail) and on the KingsCross tube, a straight shot on the Picadilly line if you are arriving from Heathrow. This hotel is on Arglye Park, a square of once beautiful residences now turned into hotels - look for the McDonalds on the corner as a landmark. It is walking distance to British Library and a major Post office where you can buy phone cards, internet access,etc.For London, to find a clean, safe hotel for under $100 per night, this is the place, especially for short stays. Might be a bit of a squash for long stays.	
Feb 9 2005	Thin Walls - Very Noisy	Although the staff were friendly &amp; helpful, the rooms &amp; beds clean, the walls were paper thin &amp; after half the night was spent immediately behind the reception - listening to every conversation &amp; drama, I was moved to another room which was beside the public toilet &amp; had to spent the rest of the night listening to a customer being sick &amp; everyone using the toilet throughout the early hours. 	
Feb 5 2005	Wrong Montana But still very pleased		
Dec 26 2004	Can't Complain But....		
Nov 17 2004	Not Too Good		
Aug 26 2004	Nice Inexpensive place to stay		
Aug 13 2004	Great Hotel!!		
Jul 29 2004	Good People and Quiet Surroundings		
Jun 21 2004	Quaint 		
Jun 13 2004	Good value quality OK		
May 10 2004	A good value		
May 3 2004	A mixed review		
Oct 21 2009 	Buena opción a buen precio		
Oct 7 2009 	j'ai apprécié la gentillesse des personnes la proximité de l'hôtel par rapport à la gare. J'y retourne en décembre 2009		
Aug 24 2009 	simple et proche de king's cross		
Nov 8 2008 	Ganz brauchbar als Übernachtung in London		
Sep 20 2008 	Opinión de 6 chicas jovenes!		
Sep 17 2008 	Una magnífica elección.		
Sep 2 2008 	Yo volvería a ir		
Sep 11 2007 	Ein Londoner Freund sagte das es für London ganz OK sei. Hmm !!!		
