Oct 17 2009 	Great Hotel	After travelling across Scotland and England we were lucky enough to spend our final days at the Bewers Inn. It's well located and easily accessible by bus - day and night, and there's a range of convenience shops nearbyby as well as a major shopping centre about 300 metres away.Our room was large and well appointed, with a smart bathroom as well - we lacked for nothing. There were some stairs to climb, but they weren't too bad.Downstairs is a large bar area with a good atmosphere, and the restaurant is attached. We ate a hearty breakfast there each day, and dined there on several nights as well; food was good well cooked English staple fare, but tasty and good value.The place was very clean, and the staff were amongst the most engaging of any we found on our entire trip. I would heartily recommend the Brewers Inn as a place to stay	
Jul 28 2009 	Good	Quite cosy. Nice bathroom. Great beds. Excellent breakfast. Good pub hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	An excellent find	Just to confirm the other reviews. A really excellent hotel, the rooms were tastefully furnished and made us feel that we were staying at a more expensive establishment. Again, very helpful staff and an excellent breakfast served freshly cooked. About 10mins walk to the train, partly along the attractive high street.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect	Easy to locate, smooth check in, extremely helpful staff especially Emilda the hotel receptionist (Emilda was bubbly, friendly and very helpful, nothing was to much trouble – thank you), Stylish and cozy restaurant with excellent food at reasonable prices, friendly atmosphere in the bar, good sized room for a London hotel. Breakfast was included in our room rate. This was served in the main restaurant with a selection of about 5 dishes including either a continental or full english breakfast. The food was hot and fresh with a decent sized portion. We also ate lunch in the bar area during our stay, this too was very good quality and great value for money. We read some reviews before we booked that mentioned the noise from the main road, our room was at the front of the hotel but we were not disturbed by the traffic. It is a busy road but is not so bad in the evening, plus all of our windows had been sound proofed which kept the noise to a minimum. The hotel is just a short walk from the town centre and shopping mall. The bus service is regular and you can get to central london easily within 20-30 minutes depending on traffic. Or the train station is a 5 minute walk away where you can get a direct train to London Waterloo in just 15 minutes. We found nothing to dislike about the hotel, although the parking could be an issue. The hotel is advertised as parking available but there are only 3 spaces for 16 rooms. We arrived early so had no problem, but late arrivals my struggle. There was no charge for parking on site. We would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family as we enjoyed our stay.	
May 18 2009 	Pub hotel	Thought I would have a change from faceless hotels and try a room in a local pub. Nicely situated for getting into London as the station is only a few minutes walk away and trains are direct to Waterloo. Walked into a typical Youngs pub atmosphere and was met by friendly staff who booked me in. No lift to the room on the top floor but what do you expect. The room was pleasant enough, not too small for a single and everything you would want available. Bathroom was a nice size but did need a little TLC as there were holes in the wall where a towel rail used to be and the paint was coming off in places. Everything was clean though and that is important. Meals are served until 10.00pm so was able to have something to eat which was a generous portion as you would normally get in a pub. Also able to have a few excellent Youngs pints which I was looking forward to and sit in a pleasant bar rather than an anodyne hotel bar.The room did face on to a busy London road so some may find it too noisy, though it didn' t bother me...could have been helped by the beer! I think there may be quieter rooms to the rear if it is a problem.Nice breakfast in the dinning room, good service and pleasant staff. Overall a real change if you like a relaxed and quaint style	
Jan 11 2008 	Reasonably priced comfort	We stayed here on NYE for £85 including breakfast - which I thought was a bargain in itself. On arrival we struggled to find a parking space in the cosy car park at the rear of the property so we had to find street parking just a stones throw which was free after 6pm but chargeable by pay and display ticket from 9am. Trying to acces the building for the hotel reception was a little like a Crystal Maze exercise, it wasn't well signposted at all and that is really my only complaint about the hotel. It probably took us 10 minutes (no joke!!) to find in the dark! If you do book, the entrance for the hotel is at the rear, through the beer garden. The staff at reception were very friendly and our room was perfect. I was slightly concerned at first as it was facing the road and I thought the traffic noise would keep me awake, but the windows were sound proofed well enough for it not to bother me. Very nice room, comfortable bed, the bathroom was excellent, very clean, not a bad thing I can say about it. Breakfast was continental and was the best inclusive continental spread I've been offered. Again the staff were friendly and were only too happy to help and get tea, coffee or a morning after the night before cure! I couldn't have asked for a nicer place to stay on NYE. Very welcoming. Highly recommend it and for the money, it was well above average.	
Nov 5 2007	A relly good clean hotel in Wandsworth	I found this hotel after trying the Holiday Inn express.The room looked like it has been refurbished to a high standard recently. The hotel itself is a five minute walk from Wandsworth town centre so there is plenty to do without the noise of the main area.One thing to be aware of, if you park on the road move your car before seven – although I did not get a ticket until 7:50.I did not have an evening meal at the hotel but the beer was good and if breakfast is anything to go by, wild mushrooms mixed with normal ones, they should be excellent.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great hotel in an out of the way spot	This is an excellent hotel with friendly staff and comfortable and quite spacious rooms. The only downside is that it is a decent walk from the tube station, which is a decent ways away from central London. There is a bus stop nearby, which gives you easy access to Clapham Junction for British Rail connections.	
