Nov 12 2009 	good if u only sleep there	small hotel, but it deff needs repairgood if u only spend there night sleeping ))) plus is that there is a great place called Nando's which is specialized in chicken. great place for those who love spicy food.	
Nov 9 2009 	great location but tired hotel	great for earls court + olympia. just off high street with plenty of restaurants. But hotel itself has dark blue furnishings in small rooms with dark wood wardrobes etc = claustifobic. paint peeling off walls - especially bathroom. menu states 24 hours but is not. only reason to book this hotel is for the address	
Sep 23 2009 	Charming middle of the road hotel in a great location.	I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews. My Place is not the Ritz, but then we weren't looking for luxury. The staff was very accomodating and had our room ready early, which was great since we arrived about 9:00 am,, and check in is 3:00 pm. The room was small, but bed was comfortable and we always had hot water with good pressure. My only complaint would be the lack of drawer space. Carpet and chair were worn, but our room was clean and not noisy. Breakfast buffet was simple, but ample. There are many good places to each in the area and the tube is about a half a block away, which we found very convenient. The hotel could use some upgrading, but it wasn't a turn off. We would stay there again.	
Jul 6 2009 	Absolutely awful	I cannot easily put into words just how terrible this hotel is. It is an absolutely disgusting place. The carpet was worn and dirty, there were mystery scratches on the walls, mould on the bathroom ceiling and my skin scrawled while I was in the bed thinking about when the duvet and cover were last washed (probably never). We stayed on the 6th floor with air conditioning that didn't work and a fan that made so much noise it couldn't be left on while the weather was very hot and sticky. While there my boyfriend conducted a test - the drinking glasses left in the room were initially on a cupboard on one side of the room, and after he drank from his, he left it upright on the bedside table. When the housekeeper had been in to 'clean' the room, the glass was simply left on the bedside table the other way up, without having been cleaned. Each evening on returning to the room, the bed looked like it had been made by a 7 year old. I also suspect that they didn't change the towels. We could not bring ourselves to eat the breakfast. A really horrible experience that completely coloured my whole trip to London. Don't ever stay in this hole, it should probably be shut down.	
May 24 2009 	best location i have ever had in my many trips to london	this hotel, is the most convenient of any hotels i have stayed in while visiting london. granted, small rooms and only adequate breakfast, but the service was excellent. i shall use this again.	
May 19 2009 	Excellent location perfect budget hotel	The My Place Hotel came with an incredible package that we booked. Airfare AND hotel for the two of us was just about $200.00 more than JUST the airfare we paid for ONE of us when we were last in the UK in July 08. After booking, I looked up My Place here....and started to get nervous! There was absolutely nothing to worry about however! I would stay at My Place again in a heartbeat! Let's begin with location - less than a 1 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station - you cannot ask for more convenience!! We took the tube from Heathrow airport, and were at the hotel in no time. Once you have settled in, there are more choices than you will know what to do with for food options. Within five minutes walking distance, you can find French, Italian, English, Lebanese, Indian, Chinese, &amp;c, &amp;c, and for those who want it - McDonald's, Burger King, Starbucks and KFC. There is a bakery for pasteries and coffee in the morning, a shop right at the tube station for Cornish pasties, and for excellent late night food (open till 4am on weekends!) the Star Kebab House. The hotel itself offers a continental breakfast included with the price of the room, but if you want a full English, skip the hotel's offering at £9.95 per person extra and walk across the street to Benji's and you can have TWO full English breakfasts - at any time of the day no less! - for £9.99. There are at least four pubs within a one minute walk of the hotel, all of which offer food as well. For late night drinks, look no further than the nightclub in the basement of the My Place Hotel! While we were there, the club was only opened on Friday and Saturday nights till 2am, and we took advantage of this once the pubs shut (last call is generally around 10:30pm, unless the establishment is licensed to be open later). The club may be open more often during the Summer tourist season - check with the hotel when you book. There is also a late night lounge called Mango on the Earl's Court Road, which is opened til 2am Mon thru Sat.The My Place Hotel is also within walking distance to TONS of things to do/see! Kensington Palace and gardens are less than 1 mile walking, The Victoria &amp; Albert and the Natural History museums are about 1 mile away, Brompton Cemetery is about a ten minute walk. The Baden-Powell House is less than a mile away. The tube puts everything else you will want to do within reach...I just cannot stress the perfect location enough!!Next - our room. Small, but clean and comfortable. Do not go there will expectations of the Holiday Inn, because European accommodations differ from what Americans are used to. If you want familiar, book a Hilton hotel. If you are after a budget conscious hotel, you will be well pleased. The bed was great, the pillows and duvet were comfy, there is a mini fridge (Note - NOT a mini bar!!) in the room, there was tons of hot water, and great water pressure in the shower, they offer a limited room service menu (LOTS of drink options, not so many food options), they have free coffee and tea in the downstairs lounge at most times, there is a hairdryer in the room, and the flatscreen TV in our room offered three channels - but who goes on holiday to watch tv anyway??? The bedspreads and towels were a bit tired and frayed, but I did not expect otherwise for the price. Contrary to other reviews, we were not plagued by bed bugs, and there were no odd smells or stains in the room. The carpets in the hallways are old and threadbare, that I will concede. We could not hear the nightclub from our 3rd floor room. We did hear our neighbour's television at six am, but he/she must have checked out that day, as we only heard it the once. I was almost dissappointed to have NOT seen the infamous Hoover in the hallway!! Breakfast - continental includes coffee/tea, juices, toast, hard boiled eggs, cold cereals, yoghurt, cheese, canned fruit, and packaged sliced ham. Meager, but acceptable. Tea/coffee is available throughout the day. Room service is limited, but available. All of the supermarket chains are within walking distance, so you can keep all sorts of supplies in your room in the mini fridge.The staff was great! All very friendly and helpful. We came and went at all times of the day/night, and all employees were always pleasant. They have a room available to store your luggage should you arrive earlier than check in, or wish to leave it for a few hours after check out (as we did).We had a great experience at the My Place Hotel. We would recommend it to friends and family. We would return again.	
May 5 2009 	What's all the fuss? My Place served us well!!	My mom, aunt, and I spent a lovely week at My Place in April and we found it to be more than adequate for a week stay. Our room and ensuite was clean, adequate room for 3, breakfast well presented, and the desk staff were helpful (all shifts!). The location (less than a block from Earls Court Tube and Bus stops) was superb. In the last 3 years, Earls Court has really cleaned up it's act. There's nearby dining at 3 good quality chains (Nandos, Wagamamma, and Masala Zone), Boots is just up the street, and a short walk to a modern Sainsbury's if you need anything. It fit our budget and we were pleased to stay there. Yes, we saw the Hoover too.	
Mar 23 2009 	what i read on trip advisor was true	just back from a week trip to London and Paris, My Husband and I and a 13 year old. We stayed at this hotel on Mar 14th through Mar 16th, 2009, on the 5th floor, it was noisy, we could hear people in other rooms nearby, overall it was ok, I agree that the hotel is quite dated as far as the bed spreads, carpet and furniture, but it was quaint, there is a small refrigerator in the room, it is close to the metro or tube for Earls Court and close to shops, pubs and restaurants. breakfast was ok, it was simple, except for the coffee, it tasted like instant coffee, I suggest going to one of the bakeries accross the street from the Earls Court Tube station for much better coffee. also there were no wash cloths.And if you are planning to wash clothes at one of laundromats nearby, it costs around 5 pounds, we waited till we got to Paris, the laundromat in Paris was much cleaner.The Staff was ok, we did not have any trouble asking for help or anything that I can remember. we booked this trip as part of a package thru Virgin Vacations.if you go past this hotel by just one building you find other hotels that look much nicer and less dated.Earls Court is a lively area, I liked that there is a &quot;Boots&quot;, a pharmacy, grocer, burger king Mc Donalds and pubs nearby, also the metro is very close, we bought a Travel card at the airport, to ride on the tube and buses, just remember to include the day you are leaving too, we bought a card for 3 days so it expired before the day we were leaving.one of the places to eat that was suggested on trip advisor, that was supposed to be close by is called : 222 vegetarian whole food which is located on 222 north end road, we followed the directions given on the map, but found it is not close by, unless there is another way to get there. we suggest taking the tube from Earls Court to West Kensington, it is about 10 minutes walking distance from the West Kensington, tube stop, which will save you much time, unless you find another way. I ordered a veggie burger which was quite good, it is not a fast food place, so be prepared to wait but it was a nice clean restaurant with friendly staff.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Location Great Staff	My Husband and I stayed at MyPlace for 7 days during our Anniversary Holiday. I had read the reviews and was scared, but pleasantly surprised by our room. We were on the top floor, had some weird window covering over the window, (which we finally got rolled up). We had a great time. We visit London not for the room but for the ambiance of being in another country for our Thanksgiving/Anniversary Holiday. The room was tiny, but after 21 years I can sleep anywhere with my Husband. I did see the infamous hoover vacuum cleaner laying on the floor by the lift, but we just stepped over it everyday! Overall we had a great time(I think because the disco was closed?) Super close to the tube, lots of places to eat, and staff very helpful. Would definitely stay there again. Just remember, this is a budget hotel....	
Dec 7 2008 	This would never be my place	We were offered this hotel by hotels4u, when the one we wanted was fully booked. When we exited the lift there was a hoover laying on the floor in front of the fire exit, it was still there when we checked out. The room was small and stuffy, it had 2 windows that didn`t open, thats because 3/4`s of one window went to the room above and 3/4`s of the other one went into the room below, which meant if you wanted to look out, you had to stand on a chair or lay on the floor, this alone would have affected my booking if i had been told, as i like to be able open windows. There was no tea and coffee in the room and the mini bar was empty.The tv had 5 stations but you could`nt watch them as the aerial was the kind you would find on your nan`s caravan, and will only give a good picture if you stand on one foot and hold the aerial above your head. The bathroom door didn`t shut and the bathroom itself was filthy, it had not been cleaned properly for a long time and the toilet brush and holder was disscusting, the bath drain didn`t work and the toilet was covered in limescale. There can be no checking of rooms before they are sold. The continental b/fast was processed cheese, processed ham and tinned fruit salad, we were pleased that mcdonalds was so close by. The location is good and the owners are missing a trick, the staff are very pleasant.	
Sep 18 2008 	A Bittersweet Stay	Admittedly, I put myself on a tight budget for vacation this year and booked a package 6 night deal to London and the My Place Hotel was chosen because of budget considerations. I read mixed reviews here on trip adviser but of course it was too late to change hotel accommodations and I just hoped for the best.My first hint that this hotel was weird was that it was the only one in the row of hotels along Trebovir street that had a neon sign while all the other hotels were much more subdued. Another hint was the coach driver who dropped me off said that this was a &quot;lively section of town.&quot;The girls who manned the front desk my entire stay were extremely nice, accommodating, and helpful in getting me adjusted to English time and various landmarks. I have nothing but high praise for these ladies and realize the faults of the hotel are not their responsibility.Upon entering my room for the first time, I noticed that it was small and stuffy. Okay, no big deal, I'm a single guy and expected a small room from the reviews I had read. I also noticed that the carpet was stained as was the comforter on my bed and the refrigerator was filthy.The bed had only one small flat pillow and I had to ball up an extra bed cover to put under the pillow to keep my head up and my neck from being strained (I have a big head, what can I say).The bathroom was surprisingly clean but at night when I went to utilize the toilet, I would turn on the light and see tiny bugs (possibly roaches) scurrying away to hide.The front door was not sealed at the bottom so there was about a 1 inch gap from the door to the floor. This created a problem mainly in that, even though these were &quot;No Smoking&quot; rooms, people smoked anyway and the smoke would creep under my door and choke me out at night. I eventually put a towel down under the door before I went to sleep which solved the problem. The phone didn't work. At least the receiver didn't. I tried to call someone twice and they couldn't hear me on the other end so I gave up on using the phone. Keep this in mind, those two uses of the phone lasted a total of only 10 seconds, 15 tops. I mention that only that you will keep it in mind at the conclusion of my review.70% of the time my electronic key did not work in the door. I had to continuously go up and down the stairs (the elevator was out of service half the time) and get the front desk person to &quot;reset&quot; my key. Sometimes that didn't even work and the front desk person had to come up and personally open my door. The first few times it happened I brushed it off, but as it continued to be a problem, I started to get extremely annoyed.There is no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; door tag that you can hang on the door handle outside your room. Why is this a problem? Well, I got sick one day and was completely out of commission. Around 11:00 AM as I'm trying to catch up on sleep that being sick the night before had deprived me of, the cleaning person comes and tries to enter the room. I have the door deadbolted from the inside so she can't enter. Again, again, and again she tries then she bangs on the door. I eventually get up, open the door and politely tell her that I do not want to be disturbed. She says she HAS to clean my room. I tell her it's not necessary for that day. Luckily she was nice about it and asked if I needed anything (facial, bathroom tissue, etc...) and gave me some fresh towels.Don't count on wake up calls. There was one time that I was actually woken up on time. On the day I was checking out of the hotel, I requested a 6 a.m. wake up call. I actually woke up earlier than expected, got my things together and by the time I headed downstairs, it was 6:15 a.m. I know this because I was watching the local news and that's the time they had as well as the time I had on my watch. So much for the wake up call I was hoping to receive.So when I go to check out, I'm greeted by a man at the front desk. The fact that he was a man isn't the bad thing, I was just hoping one of the people I knew were actually helming the desk on check out. I tell him I'd like to check out, hand him my key, and ask him if that's it. Now here's where it turns shady. Remember those brief phone calls I placed and couldn't complete because the phone was broke? This guy says &quot;It looks like you owe 60 pounds for phone use.&quot; I stared at him with mouth agape. I told him that's impossible as I only used the phone twice, briefly, and that the phone was essentially useless in the room I was in. At which point he kind of nervously looks around and tells me don't worry about it. I turned and left with the sinking feeling that he was trying to rip me off.Caveat emptor everyone.If/when I head back to London on a budget, the My Place Hotel will NOT be where I will stay.	
Aug 11 2008	Better than expected	Reading all the warnings, made us anticipate the worst. Phoning the hotell in advance to ask for å nice room, seemed to help. This is a quite run down hotell, and would requiere a major face lift to bring the hotel to the standard we are used to in our country, Norway.That aside, friendly atmosphere and great location.We had a wonderful London weekend, and an usterile and absense of a high tech environment gave a romantic and adventures touch. Had this been in India it would have been pretty OK.	
Jun 22 2008 	My Place Hotel Will Not Be My Place Again!	We stayed for 6 nights at this hotel from, 4/30 - 5/6/08. For the amount we paid for the the whole stay, including the roundtrip air from L.A. to Heathrow...I guess I should not complain. However, I feel compelled to share my experience to those who might pay full price...Let's start with the best part of staying in My Place Hotel...Earl's Court Tube Station is just right around the corner. This makes exploring around London a lot easier. In addition, there's several places to eat, internet cafes, and grocery stores nearby.The hotel staff are very friendly (especially Eva), they are very accommodating and helpful. Our stay also includes breakfast, which is a plus (considering how badly US dollar is getting killed by British pound). However, after eating the same breakfast everyday for the last 4 or 5 days...my husband finally gave up eating and headed to McDonald's. Now, let me describe the accommodation...we have a small room with NO VENTILATION. Our room does not have air-conditioning (or rather the entire hotel does not have air conditioning) and they provided us with a really small fan which is not helping at all. Not having the a/c would have been okay except for the fact that we cannot even open our window!!! I will not even describe the stained carpeting or other little things that should have been kept clean but were not. In my opinion, this hotel could have been improved a lot but I don't think they're even trying. The cleaning staff basically just straightens the bedding and empties the trash but that's about it..they don't really do any room cleaning at all.Overall, I would stay in the same area again but will definitely find another accommodation.	
May 14 2008 	Nothing Good About This Hotel	My room was extremely small, even for London. It was dirty, carpet, walls and bathroom. TV and refrigerator did not work. Mold in the soap dish. Never cleaned toilet. Had to beg for toilet paper and soap and they never vacuumed until I complained. The terrace off my room was gross, filthy and was a virtual ash tray. Very noisy on the the weekend (club in basement). The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was a farce. Dried thin slices of meat and cheese and dry cereal. The waiter(?) reluctantly took our order for breakfast off the menu. Horrible!I could not change hotels due to booking a package. Oh well, I still loved London!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great place ...	I don't know who these people are who wrote those bad reviews. This place was excellent. I loved where it was - so EASY to get to and from many places in London. There was a club downstairs. Plenty of places nearby to eat. An Internet store right around the corner. Plenty of bars and convience stores. Nice area to just walk around and see the sites. Where the hell were some of these people staying at? The service was great. If I had a problem with the room I'd just called the front desk. That's it. Period .. end of story.I didn't see any mode or dirt or anything like that and if I did...who cares? Yeah the TV wasn't all that but I didn't fly over 3000 miles to see TV..besides, the shows weren't all that great. It's not the Hilton or the Ritz....Heck, it's not even the Holiday Inn BUT it's a great little place you can call home for whatever time you're planning to spend in London. The management was FANTASTIC and that's all I gotta say about that. Don't listen to the negative people.	
Mar 1 2008 	Surprisingly good!	Having read the previous poor reviews of the My Place Hotel, I was apprehensive about my stay. Our 3 nights there turned out to be just fine though. The location was right near the metro stop, it was never too loud outside, the TV worked fine, the breakfast was basic, the staff was friendly, and the room was spacious. I did bring a sleeping bag just in case bed bugs appeared, but the sheets were clean. One downside was that the bathroom shower curtain had some mold on it. The water pressure was fine though, and the temperature of the water was good. There were a couple small stains on the rug, but the room was very clean. The decor of the room was just as it is pictured on the website. I liked that there was plenty of space to lay out our clothes. Overall I was not as disappointed in the room as I had anticipated I would be. I'm not sure if this is a hotel for older travelers or families ... but it was fine for us twenty-somethings. If I went back to London I would definitely stay elsewhere, but I am not upset about this visit at all. The accomodations were average.	
Feb 5 2008	How to ruin a London visit	Possibly the only charitable one can say about the hotel is the location, pretty close to earl's court station. Everything but everything else is on the downwards slideThe TV in my room didn't work inspite of repeated complaints, the carpets in the rooms and passages always manage to get me and my wife into bouts of allergy, the so-called Victorian look might have more in common with a pigsty, the food doesn't change, ever, the water for the morning cuppa is always cold or lukewarm , never hot, never ever and... I could just go onDo yourself a favour- stay on the station, stay with a stranger, stay anywhere, but don't stay here	
Jan 14 2008 	Better alternatives exist	I would concur with the previous review. Five of us stayed in single rooms. They were very small. Bed linen was clean and bed OK, albeit with rock hard pillows. Curtains and carpets etc are rather less pleasant.Unbelievably hot with no way of controlling the heating - I slept with my head by the only small window to survive the night.My feeling is that the odd items needed to tick the boxes for this to be a 3 star hotel are all there (mini fridge, cable tv, shampoo etc), but don't expect a 3 star experience. Never quite worked out how one would use the trouser press given the space available!	
Jan 7 2008 	Stay someplace else	If you have a choice, don't stay here. If you're already booked, don't panic. Three of us, each in a single room, stayed here the first week in January (booked through a Virgin package). No bugs in any of the three rooms, although carpet and bedspread were stained. Rooms were small, even by European standards. So hot that even in 30 degree weather the window had to be open all the time. Dingy, and housekeeping didn't do much each day except make the bed and give us a fresh towel. Continental breakfast very limited. Staff unknowledgable, although friendly enough. But location is great, less than a minute from the tube. Number of good restaurants nearby. Prince of Teck doesn't look like much, but great food.	
Oct 22 2007 	Standard Good Location	Hotel was okay, about average for location. The location is the major plus from the hotel, 30 seconds from earls court tube station. Check in was okay, but receptionist had poor customer service, she didnt know where i could park my car (on street parking outside - but she didnt know how much it would cost or if i could even park there) she also didnt know tube locations for attractions. Apart from that, room was okay, quite small but okay for a night, bed a bit hard but the tv had a lot of channels. I would recommend it, but only for one night.	
Aug 12 2007 	Definetly Sub-standard	We did not have bugs or any other serious problem during our stay, but wouldn't stay here again. The AC was broken, making it very stuffy and hot. The only thing that saved us was a provided oscilating fan. The elevators did work, and the receptionists were always nice. But, the place is just dingy and in need of some repairs and upkeep. The breakfast looked discusting, and the toilet did take some getting used to. It had to be flushed a certain way to make it fully flush. If you do stay here, the tube is extremely convenient, and the bakery across from the tube is fabulous!! &quot;happy hour breakfast&quot; from 8-9 am include 2/1 pound pastys and sausage rolls, plus great lunch deals. and there's a cheap internet cafe across from the tube that is convenient. All in all, there are definetly better and cheaper hotels out there. My Place definetly needs to be cleaned up and I wouldn't recommend it.	
Jul 8 2007	nightmare never again	I was bitten by bedbugs from face to toes. Still have scars mentally and physically.Switched on the lights and bed was coveredin bugs!!!	
Jun 14 2007 	Worst hotel i've ever stayed in!!	Quite honesty the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.... You are greeted by a number of flys dancing round the dirty chandeleer upon walking into the hotel, which lets face it isn't a good start.I too was subject to the dirty &quot;sticky&quot; carpets, and dusty dirty rooms. The air conditioning doesn't work leaving the rooms hot and sweaty, and when you look at the sheets you have to ask yourself &quot;do I really want to sleep in that bed?&quot;. This night I got a half hours sleep..I found hairs in the bed sheets, stains on the duvet, and lets call them small black things with legs in the bed, something you really dont want to find. Yes this hotel is cheap but the least you can expect is to have a clean room...We didn't even try the breakfast, we looked into the dining room and felt safer walking round the corner to the nearest coffee bar to eat there.I would'nt recomend this hotel to my worst enemys, if you don't believe me please stay in this hotel, however you have been warned!!!If you look on other sites, you will see varied feedback, however they all mention dirty rooms is that right??	
Jun 13 2007 	fun weekend	Great for romatic or dirty weekend. friendly staff, modern rooms with a cool library downstairs. only stayed one night but would stay again.	
Jun 8 2007 	Avoid this filthy hell hole	Should have posted earlier, but I forgot to verify my review. I agree with all negative reviews. I booked 5 nights online, as I work in London during the week. This is the worst hotel ever and I have stayed in hotels for years due to my worik. It was filthy complete with dust in all the furnishings. Sheets looked clean but the outer bedding was stained with goodness knows what. A window that was flush with the floor, yes it opened at floor level, with no ledge or balcony to stop you from falling out. I have returned covered in bites. no fan in the bathroom. Do not drink the complimentary tea/coffee in reception. The water smelled like a potty. I avoided the breakfast. I wish I'd read reviews before I stayed there. There are plenty of hotels near the tube. You do not need this one.	
Jun 2 2007 	Horrible maid service great location	This hotel is probably one of the closest you can get to a tube station which made it great for us.Earl's court has elevators too so that helps with luggage.We got a triple to receive more space and thought it was fine re: sq. feet.Staff was ok- sometimes helpful, sometimes clueless.We like continental breakfast so that was fine.The room was quiet on the third floor.The maid did not clean the sink or refill supplies that were running low. The shower was somewhat dirty, air did not work well, and we found a bug in our bed although I did have the window open for a bit the day before so it could have gotten in then.We also found a lizard in under the door but just removed it and plugged the bottom of the door.Interesting for London!We rate this hotel OK.	
Apr 11 2007	A Sub-standard Place	Anything negative you have read in other reviews - believe it all! This property is rated Standard and this mature couple's opinion is that it is far from it. We had requested non-smoking &amp; were told at check-in that they don't have any non-smoking rooms. They said each room is treated after the guest leaves and most guests don't smoke. I guess the frequent smell of smoke is from the disco in the basement. Also, we were told whenever we left the building we had to leave them our one room key at the front desk. At check-in we each had to fill in an extensive questionnaire and they wanted us to write down our Passport #'s which we refused to do. We said that was very personal information and there was no need for it especially since the room had been previously paid for and we arrived with a voucher. We stayed on a weekend and there was a lot of noise until about 3 am. The room was extremely hot even though the heating unit was turned off and no a/c was available. We couldn't open the window because it was really a balcony door just one floor up and over the disco and there was no screen. There was junk (like old tiles), food wrappers and filthy ashtray loaded with butts all out on the floor of the balcony. The hallways, rooms and furnishings are shoddy, broken and unclean. The TV didn't work, they said they would look at it and didn't. The tub drain was all backed up and my husband proceeded to clean out about one pound of human hair from the drain. The room furniture was very dark in color and not dusted for sometime. The continental breakfast was very basic with lower quality meat and only white toast. The tablecloths were all wrinkled and stained; the staff brushes off crumbs with their hands onto the floor and your chair when you leave. Many of the dishes were dirty, chipped and stained. We actually tried to book another hotel in the middle of the night and would have left if we could have arranged a room at the Holiday Inn Kensington where we had stayed in the beginning of our trip. Our 2 day stay was extremely uncomfortable and my husband was very depressed and upset with the accomodations.	
Mar 20 2007 	Very Shabby My Place	It was apparent from the reception that nothing has been done to this hotel in years, very dated and grubby looking, nice enough girl on reception though. Our room was bizzare to say the least, it was clear that at some stage the hotel has been split to make more floors, leaving us with a slit of a window at the top and bottom of the wall. Literally had to crawl on the floor to see the view. Indeed crawling on the floor was a very brave move, the carpet was stained and filthy, there were cracks in the wall, the curtains were faded, dirty and hanging off, hairs in the bathroom and cracks around the bath. Left our bags closed and on top of the dressing table for fear of something crawling in to them. The bedding looked clean enough, which stopped us from cutting our losses and leaving (we'd already paid via a website, definately suggest seeing what room they give you and paying the bill at the end if at all possible). We gave breakfast a miss and left pretty sharpish in the morning. Won't be rushing back!	
Mar 13 2007 	Good value for the price	We spent 3 nights here and although the breakfast wasn't quite as portrayed in the picture overall it was a good value. The rooms were acceptable size and the location was great. There were plenty of places to eat, including McDonalds within a 5 minute walk from the hotel.	
Jan 18 2007	Nits in the bed AGAIN	Three of us spent the week of Jan 8-15 at My Place.On the trip home, my friend realized she had been bitten severly by bed bugs. I've never heard of anything like that happening in a hotel. It was obvious from the first that the room had not been vacuumed under the beds and along the walls since the carpet was installed. We did not report this because we figured extra vacuuming would really stir up the dirt and make us sick. Sheets were not changed except for one bed per request. The sheer over the window was absolutely filthy. If it were mine, I'd throw it away and not bother washing it, that bad. We left the bathroom fan on constantly when we were in the room, to muffle sounds, very effective but SO tired of hearing it! The view out the back was of stacked mattresses and rolls of carpet, not a pleasant sight, nor one that instills confidence. On floor 5, our floor, carpet in hall is filthy. Room is very small; we knew that.On the flip side: location is great, the underground tube being so close. I left my purse in the dining room after breakfast one morning, missed it an hour later, found it was turned it at the front desk, nothing missing. The staff responded well to our requests. This could be a charming place if it were CLEAN!	
Jan 15 2007 	Do you like sleeping with strangers and listening to loud music late at night???	Nits in the Bed, Loud noise from the nightclub directly into room and awful service with no apologies for reallife crawling nits in my bed. Food was complete garbage in the morning also. A Health risk. Also I had no window really, it was a tiny floor window. Toilet did not work either but was fixed. So if you like sleeping with Strangers in your bedand Listnening to loud music late into the night please go to this dump.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great for the price	My sister and I stayed here the week between Christmas and New Years and we thought overall it was a great value. Granted, we weren't expecting the Ritz at the prices we paid, but really it was not that bad. I will say that the room could have been a bit cleaner for me but I am a little obsessed with cleanliness. The fridge was not very cold, but it worked for the drinks we put in there. We had a hard time figuring out how to use the TV at first, but then we realized that there were INSTRUCTIONS on the night table! I will definitely agree with one of the former reviewers when she said to watch out for the first step out of the shower. I almost cracked my head on the mirror! But the water pressure was awesome, better than I have at home. One thing that surprised me (I haven't stayed in a hotel in London before - only lived in a flat) was that they didn't provide you with washcloths, only towels. Maybe that's a European thing, I don't know, but if that will bother you, bring your own washcloths. Also, the shampoo and soap they provide is minimal, so if you are picky bring your own.My sister and I cracked up when we walked into our &quot;double&quot; room and discovered that that meant there was one double bed. Ah well, we have slept in the same bed many times before. Surprisingly the bed was very comfortable and the covers were warm. The heat didn't appear to work the first day we were there, but from then on it was fine. We were nervous about the quality of the hairdryer they provide, but it was great.The free breakfast was an excellent value. While we were there it included sliced cheddar cheese, sliced deli ham, hardcooked eggs, cornflakes, muesli, milk, orange juice, toast and coffee or tea. The staff were very nice. When you leave the hotel for the day you have to turn in your key to the front desk. I was a little apprehensive about this but it seemed to work out. The reception is open 24 hours a day. They do offer wireless internet throughout the hotel for if you bring your laptop. There is a fee for it, but since I didn't use it, I couldn't tell you what that was.The location was excellent. Given London's superb underground system, as long as you are close to a Tube station you are set. In this case Earl's Court Tube station is literally a hop, skip and a jump away. This is great for when you are exhausted from jet lag and just want to crawl into bed after the end of a long day, instead of walking a half of a mile to your hotel. Also a bonus is that the station is handicap accessible which means that you don't have to lug your bags up multiple flights of stairs/escalators (which is not unusual depending on the Tube station in London).Another plus for location is that there is a cafe with free internet located next door to Earl's Court Tube station. It is called Cafe Milano and if you buy something there (coffee, etc.) you can use their computers upstairs for free. The computers are a bit dodgy at times but for free it's not bad.Overall, I'd say if you are going to London to see the sights, choose MyPlace Hotel! If you are going to London to relax and enjoy luxury, pick another hotel.	
Dec 26 2006 	Fine stay at the My Place Hotel	This hotel was a part of our package from a travel agency. After reading the reviews, I knew what to expect when arriving. Reception staff was always friendly. The proximity to the Earl's Court Underground Station was perhaps the best feature of staying here. Literally a 30 second walk, and the station features both the Picadilly and District Lines, which will get you most places quickly. The room itself is small, but my girlfriend and I were there basically only to sleep, and so it was no problem. Our bathroom was clean and fine, we were provided with clean towels every day, and new soaps and shampoos. The biggest problem I had, was that it was a smoking hotel and that during the night, our room would get quite smokey. Our room overlooked a small garden and so noise was no problem at all. Also, our furnace stopped working, and reception had it fixed within a few hours while we were out. All in all, a fine place to stay if you're out all day and just need a place to sleep. The breakfast was as described by the many other reviews.	
Dec 7 2006 	Not too bad	This hotel isn't that bad, the staff on reception were pleasant, and it's location is good, close to the earl's court underground and in a decent area. The rooms were clean, with a nice bathroom and the bed was fine. However the room was very small, and the fridge was next to the bed which was quite loud. The walls are thin so it can get noisy when other guests are moving around and there is no lift, but all in all for the price it was good. I'd stay again if on a budget.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great Location Great Staff Over all a good value.	Great location (Earl's Court) a short tube ride to anywhere in London. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are small (all rooms in Europe are small by US standards) but clean with a personal safe in the room. I've stayed here three times and will stay again.	
Nov 27 2006 	Not bad Not great	The hotel was part of a vacation package for me and my boyfriend and was very reasonably priced. But as mentioned elsewhere, you get what you pay for.The location is wonderful. Just be sure to exit the Earl's Court tube in the direction of the &quot;Earl's Court Road&quot; signs and NOT toward the &quot;Warwick&quot; exit, where you'll encounter stairs and more stairs, and no lift.Front desk was very friendly and helpful when in need of suggestions for a good place to eat. And honest! I needed to get on-line and the receptionist said I could use the computer in their lounge, but that the computers around the corner at the McDonald's were cheaper to use (about 2 pounds for 2 hours).Not much praise for the cleaning staff. They basically made up the bed each day the way I use to when I was 12 years old - just yanked the blankets up under the pillows. I don't think they vacuumed either, and we were there for 6 nights. And watch out for that first step out of the bathtub, it’s a doosey! This tub had to be at least 2 ½ feet high, so make sure you stretch your legs before attempting to get in and take a shower.They have a club in the basement of this hotel, and I was awoken by one of the drunken revelers on the second night. He was literally howling in the streets – so I suggest asking for a room not facing Trebovir road.That said, if you make an effort to leave early each morning for sightseeing and return late each night after hard partying, then this hotel will work for you. I will likely upgrade to a larger hotel on my next visit.	
Oct 6 2006 	Not what Americans expect but adequate for sightseers.	My best friend and I just returned from a six-night stay in Room 106. Absolutely the best thing about this hotel is its proximity to the Earls Court Tube. The neighborhood seemed safe enough, but our only view of it was on our way to and from the underground, so that's our fault. We were very lucky to have access to fresh air because of the balcony that ran along the whole second floor. However (and this is important to know), the door to the balcony didn't lock. Mysterious puddles of water appeared on the bathroom floor on a couple of nights. Staff said &quot;someone upstairs took a shower and left the shower curtain out of the tub.&quot; You be the judge. In general, the staff are cheerful -- basically, they've heard your complaints before, they'll do what they can. The breakfasts were fine. Cable TV didn't work but we like the BBC anyway. We didn't have a lot of money to spend, and we got what we paid for. We had so much fun sightseeing in London that we didn't mind.	
Sep 27 2006 	Convenient Small Not So Bad	I stayed 2 nights in September 2006. The location next to Earl's Court tube was nice, but the place was small. The staff was incredibly polite and helpful. That in itself was nice. However, the rooms were TINY. If you can manage sleeping in a twin bed (which I have not done in years), it should not be so bad. Just don't expect to bring any overnight company.	
Jul 31 2006 	Hot cramped and dirty	We stayed one night in late July at My Place Hotel. It was a truly appaling experience! The hotel is not clean and even the rooms were dirty and so hot and small. Breakfast is included but is just bread; cooked breakfast must be pre-ordered at around 8 pounds stirling. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.	
Jun 27 2006	Cute But Dirty	We stayed at My Place Hotel in May 2006. There were 4 of us so we had 2 rooms across the hall from each other. I will say the hotel staff was very friendly. That is about the only nice thing to say about this hotel during our 7 night stay. My Place could be a very nice hotel if it were clean. The carpet in both of our rooms was badly stained, the wallpaper was very dirty, the shower curtains and tile had mildew everywhere.I don't think the tablecloths in the breakfast room were changed the whole week we were there. They had jelly and coffee stains all over them. The lobby had a horrible odor that about knocked you out when you walked in the door. We asked for a 6:00 am wake up call one morning and never received it. It is a good thing we woke on our own or we would have missed our 7:30 train.Would we stay here again? No, our vacation would have been much better if we were coming back to a clean room each night.	
Jun 20 2006	A Tad Bit Disappointed!	I returned yesterday from a week's stay at My Place Hotel in London. I mostly found it to be just okay. Certainly, the biggest plus is its close proximity to the Earl's Court tube station, maybe a minute away. The hotel staff was always very polite and respectful; the toast was always plentiful at breakfast; and a clean towel was on my bed daily. But staying on the 4th floor in the front of the building was NOISY so I had to sleep with earplugs (which worked just fine!) On closer inspection, my room was just not very clean; sheets were never changed, there was garbage behind the dresser (I plugged in MY hairdryer as their's was nearly impossible to use), and they never replaced our used glassware. But the single most annoying part of my stay was the 3 GBP charge when I checked out. I couldn't imagine what it could have been for and was so surprised to find out it was for 2 diet cokes that were offered to my traveling partner and I upon our arrival (after a very long overnight flight, severe delays coming in from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line, and record-setting heat). I mean, geez, they even offer &quot;Complimentary tea and coffee on arrival&quot; according to their website. Shame on them!	
Apr 26 2006	A Small and Very Pleasant Surprise	I picked My Place for our one-week stay in London off a list provided by the tour operator - and it was the cheapest. We planned not to be at the hotel except to sleep so I figured we could endure just about anything - and London is expensive! We were surprised and very pleased with this small, friendly hotel. It's just a block and around the corner from the Earl's Court Tube Station so it's convenient to everything - from Heathrow to the City. Our room was small but very clean and overlooked the courtyard. There are plenty of small restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood and we enjoyed sampling many of them. The front desk staff is very helpful, too. There are also several shops that offer prepared sandwiches and other items for a quick, easy meal. Of course, with the great breakfast buffet that the hotel provides, you don't need much for lunch. One caveat: My Place is not airconditioned. We stayed in May and the room was very comfortable. I probably would not stay there in the summer. But, if you're bargain travelers as we are, you won't be there in the summer anyways. So, enjoy.	
Jan 4 2006	Good for the price	The good aspects: excellent central location near Earl's Court tube station, shops and fast food restaurants. I was attending a concert at Earl's Court arena and it was right down the street. Reasonably clean room with cable TV and mini fridge, and if you don't bring a laptop the McDonald's around the corner has a cyber cafe. The staff was very friendly. The bad: the room was uncomfortably warm even in December with the thermostat turned down, and I had to leave the window open at all times. In order to use the hair dryer I had to crawl behind the dresser, unplug the mini fridge and plug in the hair dryer as there was only one outlet. They ask that you leave your room key at the desk every time you venture out and this gets to be a pain, also twice when I got the key back it wouldn't open my door and I had to go back down to the desk. Overall it's more like staying in a friend's guest room than a hotel, but the price and location can't be beat.	
Nov 7 2005	Felt like home	Right around the corner from tube station and Earls Court Rd shopping and eating. At first impression I thought sad and tired and over-rated, yet I was in for a big surprise. I was staying there for a week from 15 September, so they gave me a room overlooking rear courtyard, 3 floors up and diagonally opposite the nightclub in the basement. Had a double bed with doona, small wardrobe, 2 luggage racks, antique dressing table and stool, smallish but adequate bathroom. My room was right next to the new lift but because the bathroom was between it and the bed I never heard a thing. Breakfast was basic - cereal, toast, juice, eggs, ham and cheese. If you wanted a proper English Breakfast, you had to order it the night before and pay for it - never bothered. Reception was small so security was good. I picked this hotel up for GBP59 per night which is very cheap. Yes I would stay here again for location and the friendly family atmosphere of the place. The girls in the breakfast room remembered that I drank tea and not coffee after 2 mornings.	
Jul 20 2005	My Place Was Better Than Expected	We stayed at My Place for three nights in early July of 2005. We found My Place to be an enjoyable hotel for the price. The rooms were small, however, they were clean and kept up very well. The bathroom likewise was small, but we had a full bathtub and plenty of hot water for showers. The continental breakfast was excellent. The food was not anything like what you would get in the United States, but it was nice to enjoy something different for breakfast. The staff of the hotel were all very nice and helpful during our stay. We also enjoyed an evening in the club downstairs in the hotel. It was a lot of fun, much like an American club. My Place is just off Earl's Court Street which is busy but still quaint. My Place is very near an Underground station which makes travel convenient. For the price, we would certainly recommend My Place.	
Jun 28 2005	My Place is a decent place - liked it	I enjoyed staying at the My Place Hotel. The staff members were always helpful and polite and the continental breakfast quite good - toast, coffee, tea, juice, yogurt, cereal, sliced ham, sliced cheese, peaches and boiled eggs. We had to leave our room key at the desk when we left the hotel but it was fine. Also, the electricity is powered by your key, but it was really no problem. It was extremely convenient to the tube - less than a block. Also within a block or two were: several grocery stores, a post office, the bureau of exchange, a news stand, and a McDonalds with an internet access room (upstairs) - one pound for two hours and it was easy and cheap to email everyone back home. Overall, it was a very convenient place to stay and seemed safe, and I would stay there again. The room was small but we did have a private bathroom. It's not a fancy hotel but, as a tourist who is out of the room most of the time, it's fairly inexpensive and in a very convenient location. There's quick access to just about anything that you could need.	
Jun 3 2005	Better than we thought...	We just recently returned from a six night stay at the My Place Hotel, with a Virgin Atlantic package. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, we considered changing hotels. But the prices had gone up quite a bit for the other hotel choices, so we stuck with our orginal choice.We found the location very convenient. The young people at the front desk were very nice. The carpeting in our room did have some stains. I don't know if the stains could not be removed, or from a lack of shampooing. The carpet appeared to be fairly new.We stayed on the 6th floor. I do not know if our room was an upgrade or not. It had a double bed, one window facing west. There is a fan in the room. One day it was unusually warm, but air conditioning was not turned on by the hotel. We did ask about it, because our room was on the top floor. We were told that it was not working, but from our past experience, it was not going to be turned on until a certain date.The room was very quiet during the day and at night. We did not hear other guests or people in the street.There are plenty of places to eat and it is easy to get around London from this location.The elevator worked very well. It seemed to be fairly new.We thought it was a good deal for the last week of May.	
Apr 8 2005	Nice	Hotel was very nice. We stayed for one night in December 2004 and found the staff extremely helpful and accommodating. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was nice and there was plenty of choice (two members of the family actually had an evening meal in the hotel restaraunt and would definitely reccomend it!!!). The location to this hotel was also fantastic. I have stayed in other lower priced London Hotels and they have been really dodgy. This is not one of them, however, and I could not fault it for the price.	
Mar 17 2005	Not Bad At All	My experience was not nearly as bad as the others. The room was small but quite clean. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful, breakfast was good. The area is nice with a lot of good restaurants and internet nearby, for London this can be a good deal, especially if you book at discounted rate online.	
Mar 17 2005	No 2 1/2 star hotel here.	A recent stay at this hotel convinced us not to ever go back. There was a brawl in the street below almost every night. The fighting starts with drunks entering/leaving the nightclub in the basement of the hotel. We went six days without a change of sheets. Outages of electricity and hot water made it tough to stay clean and to climb stairs back and forth to the room, where you are greeted with wallpaer falling off the walls. Breakfasts were tolerable and despite all, hotel personnel were friendly and courteous. But not being able to get to sleep until 3 in the morning because of the fighting and other noisy activities on the street in front had a bad effect on the whole stay.	
Jan 20 2005	Step up from a Hostel	We can all agree that the best part about this hotel is the location...right around the corner from the tube. Great! However, that is about where the greatness ends. Understanding that European hotels are not known for their spacious settings, when we walked into the room, I felt like I was in my dorm room. Small! The people who are at the front desk, I would not consider as &quot;concierge.&quot; Depending on the shifts they were working, you were lucky to find someone with a bit of knowledge. ie: resturants in the area, shoppe locations, and the one that made me laugh is that we were going to Wembley to see a concert, and when I asked how to get there on the tube, the girl at the front desk looked at me with confusion. She confirmed that she had never heard of Wembley (although it is a major stop on the tube, a major concert venue, and the Live Aid concert was held there.) The electronic locks on our doors hardly worked, and with the lifts being out, it made for a healthy excercise to get someone help. The towels were the size of children's towels at best. We were fortunate to have a room facing the courtyard, so it was quite as there is a disco in the basement, and the kids try to run into the front door of the hotel at night, so they don't have to pay admission. Breakfast is basically coffee, and cheese and toast. Enjoy! The one guy from the hotel who really was always trying to be quick to help with our issues, was also the guy making the breakfast. Talk about multi tasking!I will say, that we had a problem with the room booking via Travelocity, and the woman (who was originally from the States) at the desk was extremely helpful with sorting it out, and when we got back to the room at night, there was a cot placed at no extra charge. They took out the fridge to make it fit.If you plan to be busy during the day, and wake up and leave the hotel, this is the place for you.	
Dec 17 2004	It's a roof over your head	I stayed in a single room that was very very small. Also, light sleepers beware, the windows are not made for keeping out the noise of the people leaving the club that is in the basement of the hotel (and I was on the top floor). Bathroom was clean, but again, small. Generally a clean room but not well maintained. The location I found to be very convenient with access to the Underground and various pubs and restaurants/fast food places. If you are used to adventuring and just need a roof over your head then this place is ok (no bugs for example). However one of the high point of your trip will never be the hotel stay if you are staying here.	
Dec 13 2004	quite lousy	We stayed 2 nights in early December 2004. Made reservation (2 months before, through Expedia) for a room with double bed. At arrival they gave us a twin with the excuse &quot;sorry we are booked tonight....&quot;. The room was very small, the carpet and the bathroom floor not clean! For the second night they promised us an &quot;executive room&quot;. Kidding - the room was spacy, but: hairdryer not working, no channels on the TV, again dirty floors. The breakfast is kind of lousy as well. When going there at 9am all ham was gone (not refilled). The people at reception are nice but seem to be students, the maid was also serving breakfast etc. My conclusion: one more of these cheap tourist hotels. Never again for us.	
Dec 3 2004	I Can't Breathe!!!!	Stayed here from 11/25-11/30. We were suppose to have a double but given two singles. The people working behind the counter were apologetic about it and continually tried to assure us we wouldn't be charged extra. Rooms were very tiny!! And the walls were paper thin. Not good if the person next door is watching porn. However, the room was relatively clean, although their mini-fridge smelled like milk gone bad. The positives are that its close proximity to the tube and the many fast food places located around the hotel. Good for budget minded tourists. I didn't mind the tiny room as I only used it to go to sleep at 2 am, but if you are looking for something more luxurious, then My Place isn't the place for you.	
Nov 30 2004	Ugh!!!	The room was filthy; the carpet was stained beyond description, the bed cover and blanket was covered with hair of all description and color, and even the sheets had hair on them. The bathroom also was dirty (complete with more hair) and the shower curtain was so mildewed at the bottom, it was orange. The towels left a grainy lint. The first day we were given two facecloths, but on subsequent days were told we could not have them as they were not mandatory (they did however give us two bath mats every day???). The walls were marred, the decor was about 20 years old, although it was suitable. The hotel is very close to Earl's Court (convenient) which allowed us to hear all the drunks leaving the pubs at 2:00 a.m. each and every morning. To say the least, I was very dismayed and I really am not very hard to please. UGH!!!!!!	
Nov 24 2004	Great Place	I stayed at My Place from 11/18 thru 11/22. I found the hotel to be nice, clean, efficient and have very friendly and helpful staff. I booked my stay through Expedia. I was advised that there might be add on costs, there weren't any. Breakfast was included each day.The hotel is conveniently located at Earls Court tube station and is walking distance to many hotels and shops. Earls Court is convenient to many tourist attractions. This hotel is good as a home base to travel London.I will definiately stay at this hotel again on my next visit.	
Nov 21 2004	Okay Budget Hotel	We stayed at My Place Hotel from 13 November until 15 November. We had some problems and we ended up in three different rooms. In the first room the TV didn't work and the toilet wouldn't flush very well. They moved us to a different room which was marginally better and they told us they would move us to an executive room the next day. The executive room was larger and much better. I thought the rooms were a little outdated and the bathrooms were small, but the bathrooms were clean and there was plenty of hot water. Breakfast was also included in the rate. I gave this hotel an above average rating because the staff was very friendly and accommodating. Next time we'll spend a little more money and go to Bailey's Millennium but if you're on a tight budget My Place isn't too bad.	
Nov 2 2004	Nice hotel	We stayed at My Place over the weekend and it turned out to be a pleasant experience. Everything was clean, clean bed, clean (and spacious) bathroom, clean carpeting, the only thing that wasn't too clean was the balcony, there were old socks on the ground, I guess the maids don't clean there. But the stay was nice, very well worth the money I paid (cheap!!). The room was a bit small, but then again I'm used to American standards and driving on the right side of the road!! The location of the hotel is great, next to the Underground and with plenty of shops and restaurants around. They have a nightclub downstairs but I didn't bother to check it out. All in all, I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2004	Safe and friendly hotel		
Sep 16 2004	Would stay here again.		
Aug 23 2004	Not bad at all		
Aug 10 2004	Not very good OKAY		
Jul 10 2004	Lovely little Hotel		
Jun 30 2004	Great Budget Hotel		
Jun 15 2004	Very pleasant visit!		
Jun 9 2004	Good Value		
May 31 2004	Good Budget Hotel		
Jul 17 2003	Not bad at all		
Jul 28 2009 	Wirklich ok - wir würden wiederkommen!		
Jul 19 2009 	No me alojaria otra vez alli		
Jun 18 2009 	Beste Lage und sauberes Zimmer! Voll OK für den Preis		
Jun 6 2009 	En la media...		
Dec 12 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Nov 29 2008 	????????		
Sep 15 2008 	bueno y malo		
Jun 24 2008	El hotel My Place tiene una excelente ubicacion		
Mar 17 2008 	solala zum schlafen ok mehr aber nicht		
May 22 2007 	Caluroso en verano		
May 4 2007	dario		
Mar 14 2007	Es como ir a un Hostal en España		
