Nov 24 2009 	Basic clean good location	Location is excellent - 5 mins walk to the Tower of London, 2 mins walk to Tower Hill tube stationRoom was clean, bed was soft but comfortable. As others have said there is hanging but no shelf storage.Shower was OK - they only provide one small bar of soap but that is stated on their website.Our room (on the north side) was very quiet; I imagine those on the south side could be noisy as trains run right outside.We paid £80 midweek which was too much for a &quot;budget&quot; hotel but valued the convenience.	
Nov 23 2009 	Don't do it.Don't book!	On arrival receptionist on personal mobile call so she finished her call first! Room was meant for 3 adults,sofa bed way too small &amp; not even made up.No furniture i.e.wardrobe,or drawers or bedside tables.Toiletries one small bar of soap.Two towels between three. Two cups between three.Room way too hot. No air Con. Corridor noisy, couldn't complain as no phone in room.Breakfast entailed queuing to be handed a cold plate &amp; one knife &amp; fork.Toaster not working well,no one to sort. Food poor.Eating area dirty, hairs on window sills at breakfast. Nowhere to leave luggage on last day unless willing to pay extra! £10 for 2hours. £20 for 4 hours. Premier Inn by far a better choice.We will NEVER stay at a Travelodge again.Way too expensive.More like a hostel!	
Nov 14 2009 	Absolutely fantastic value!	But we did get it for £19 per night. What a bargain! I wasn't expecting much from a Travelodge but it was spotlessly clean and absolutely great to crash out in at night. The location was fantastic - just minutes from Tower Bridge and the Tower of London, tube station and the Docklands railway. the staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was just great (and at a discount price).There was only 1 set of towels but the reception staff immediately gave us more. We had a room facing the road which was very busy, but the double windows cut out all the noise. Yes, the room was initially too hot, but we left the window open as much as possible and it was just fine.If we had paid top price I wouldn't have been quite so enthusiastic, but where else can you stay for £19 per room in central London and be so warm and comfortable?	
Nov 5 2009 	Good value clean hotel	I have stayed in a number of hotels in London where I would not choose to return. This Travelodge, however, is not one of them! The hotel is in an excellent location (right next to the Tower of London) and the rooms are spacious, clean and well-appointed (apart from the standard Travelodge thing of having no shelves, just coat hangers which I find frustrating). My room overlooked the main road - but the double-glazing meant the room was incredibly quiet!Breakfast was a bit ropey - the cereals and things were great, but the orange juice was too concentrated, and the cooked food was luke warm and tasted a bit odd! Still, I was happy with cereal, yoghurt and fruit.The pub next door is excellent value for food and drink.I will definitely stay here again next time I am working in this part of London and would happily recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 1 2009 	Really comfortable	We had a ground floor room in this hotel. No complaints at all, very comfy bed, clean and quiet bedroom. We didnt hear any trains to the extent that it would keep us awake as other reviewers have stated. Very good location for attractions and easy access to any others you would want to see. Would definately use this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good Location Value for Money	If you are planning a trip to London on a budget then I would recommend this travelodge. Located centrally to major city attractions...few minutes walk to Tower Bridge,Tower of London and HMS Belfast. Tower Hill Tube station situated next to hotel and provides transport to rest of city, it is on circle and district lines which provide direct routes to Kings Cross/ St Pancras.Hotel itself is basic, but very clean and comfortable. Rooms have a television,tea making facilitiesand en suite shower room...All we really needed, as much time was spent outwith hotel sightseeing. There is a bar on the ground floor providing food and drinks but indian restaurant, italian/pizzaria and wetherspoons nearby provide alternatives.that are better value and quality.The Minories pub next door ideal for evening drink and also serves food.Overall, this hotel is an ideal base for short breaks to London.....excellent location and value for money, and most importantly...comfortable and clean!	
Oct 18 2009 	Functional	We stayed here on 30th August, having booked their £19 room deal, which is fantastic value for London, but having stayed the previous night at Travelodge City Airport, had to make comparisons. Travelodge Tower Bridge appeared to be doing things on the cheap, whilst you don’t expect doors on the wardrobe of a Travelodge, this was more like a hat rack with coat-hangers. There were no bedside tables, just a cup size slot in the headboard (the first Travelodge I’ve stayed in where there was no Gideon’s Bible – because there was nowhere to put one, let alone your own book). The desk/dressing table was shorter and definitely could not be used as a desk once the Tea/Coffee tray was there – although the Tea/Coffee was welcome. The bathroom was smaller, due to the door wall being angled. Having said all this, the room was clean and the bed comfortable and for it’s location was adequate – after all for the money we paid it was a gift and I’d probably stay here again, if only for it’s location. This Travelodge also had a bar/restaurant.	
Oct 18 2009	Great locations nice rooms	I´ve been to several Travelodges so far, but this one was the best! The TL Tower Bridge is a five-storey buidling, located just three mins from tube (Tower Hill) or DLR (Tower Gateway, great for travellers from City Airport), very convenient to explore London.We´ve booked a double room for three nights several weeks in advance and paid about 150 Pounds. Great value for Central London. We arrived at 14.15 and were given our room at about 14.30 pm. Check-in was quick and the staff were friendly. The room was on the third floor overlooking the DLR-Station . With windows closed, there was hardly any noise. This might be a problem in summer. Our room was quite small, had a double bed, desk and chair, small flatscreen TV, tea &amp; coffeemaker and an open wardrobe. The bed was very soft, but we found it really comfortable. The bathroom was average sized and with shower. Room and bathroom were both clean, very new and modern. We didnt´t try breakfast or other food at the hotel, but we really liked the Pub &quot;The Minories&quot; next door. They had great breakfast and pub grub.So all in all, we had a very nice visit to London and would definitely stay at the TL Tower Bridge again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Location !!	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for two nights Tuesday - Thursday for my boyfriends birthday - I paid £120 ish for the two nights which I thought was reasonable for the location - just a two minute walk away from the tower bridge. It was also a two minute walk to the tube station - we had to get two tubes from Euston. The hotel looks quite new, we had a room with a double bed, a flat screen tv and kettle. You don't stay in the room for long so thats all we needed. The bathroom was of adequate size and like all travelodges you need to ask for a second set of towels from reception. The bed was one of the most comfiest we have ever slpet in so soft!!  I have been to four London travelodges and they were all fine except one- Euston, Southwark, Tower Hill and Battersea. Battersea was the oldest and I wouldn't reccomend going there - it seams all the new travelodges are lovely so I recommend going for the newer ones. The receptionist was very friendly we already knew about the extra charge for arriving early so we just paid the £10 as we got there for 1.30ish. There are a few restaurants in the vicinity - there is a pub right opposite the entrance - the Minories, but we had vouchers for Pizza Express and the nearest one as far as we could tell was just a five minute walk in the opposite direction of the tube station, past a memorial garden. We enjoyed our stay in London, and I will always pick a travelodge and would definatley recommend them to my friends.	
Oct 9 2009 	Location location location	OK, lets not muck around. It's a Travelodge. That means it's clean, functional and efficient. Suits me fine. When I travel I want somewhere to sleep - if I want a resort, well, Phucket! This is a newish establishment and sensationally located just 2 or 3 minutes walk from Tower Bridge tube station and not much further to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Google map it and you'll see what I mean. And if you're after a pre - or indeed post - prandial aperitif you'll find Minardis Pub virtually at the front door, while for a less expensive elixir there's the Whetherspoons pub just across the road..What you don't get: 1. Bar fridge, 2. Air con. 3. Shampoo, soap etc.What you get: Clean room, great location.We actually walked via uncertain routes from the hotel to Buckingham palace.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good value option in central London	We booked this hotel largely due to the location, good reviews and good rates. We paid an average of £50 per room per night and stayed for 3 nights. We were so busy out and about that we only really slept in the hotel. Plus Points: - very convenient to Tower Hill tube (3 min walk) and and easy access to everywhere from there - modern, clean and quiet - cosy and warm (I don't mind the heat!) - good value for London - polite staffNegatives: - nowhere to store luggage after check-out (however we found out later that we could have paid £10 to hold our room until 2pm - normal checkout is 12 midday) - can be noisy outside from either the traffic on one side or the railway (we were usually too tired to notice!)I would definitely return to this Travelodge in the future.	
Oct 8 2009 	Only if ur a train spotter	We stayed at the here with friends for 2 nights, we never slept due to a number of events:A, Train station oppositeB, The hotel was far too hot (even for oct)C, You could hear other guests walking throughout the corridors, and on a number of occasions i thought they were entering our room.On the plus side:it is round the corner from the tube stationThe breakfast was'nt badthe price was good	
Oct 1 2009 	ask for ground floor	me and my husband stayed here as we were attending a wedding. after reading reiews stating the upper floors were too hot, i rang the hotel prior to travelling to request a ground floor room as only this level has air conditioning, and we were given one with no hassle. the hotel is 2 mins walk from tower hill underground station, tower gate dlr, tower bridge and the tower of london. the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, they found us safety pins for our button holes for the wedding, and also provided plasters for my feet!!! the rooms are very clean and comfortable and cleaned daily, tea/ coffee facilities topped up daily. i would recommend this hotel	
Sep 25 2009 	Never Again....	We stayed here at the end of a 5 week holiday on our way home to Australia. Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the railway. As has previously been said, the room was either quiet with the window closed BUT sooo hot, or Airy with the window open BUT sooo noisy that we couldn't sleep. The location is okay during the week, but when we arrived at 6pm on a Saturday, there was nowhere nearby to get a meal (even the pub next door was closed for a private function!). We had to eat in the hotel cafe - okay if you like microwaved meals!The room itself was clean and basic, and we were given more towels when requested.We also contacted the hotel when we arrived at Tower Bridge railway station, but the member of staff who I talked to was only able to tell me to find Tower gate station!? As I had never been in London before and did not have a map at that stage, how was I supposed to find that station!! We finally asked a couple of policemen who directed us and this resulted in a long walk over the tower bridge pulling our cases. (I think the staff could have advised us that we were still some distance from the hotel and suggest we get a taxi).The hotel is handy for the underground trains, and for the tower, however I can't recommend the hotel as we were unable to sleep due to the noise.	
Sep 25 2009 	Warm clean great value in the centre of London.	This is an ideally located hotel right in the centre of London. I have stayed there twice and have not been disappointed.The rooms are not large but quite big enough for two people. There is tea and coffee in the rooms along with small flat screen tellys. There is a bar along with a buffett breakfast that I did not try.The area is safe around the hotel. Right beside the hotel is a pub called The Minnories, great food, terrible service. There is also an Indian restaurant called India Raj beside the hotel. Perversly it does not open at weekends however the food is not great and tends to be overpriced even for London. There is a Weatherspoons nearby as well. Drink is still expensive however the food is good but service is again poor.Tower Hill tube station is 5 mins walf from the front of the hotel. Staff seen capable and friendly. Beds tend to be too soft but you still get a great quiet nights sleep. The hotel is an ideal base.Good value in the centre of town. A hidden gem in the metropolis. Recommended.	
Sep 24 2009 	Perfect for visiting the Tower of London	The staff at this hotel were particularly helpful. The hotel is in a busy traffic area but the windows are well insulated and they do stop the noise from entering the room. The hotel is two minutes walk from the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Also two minutes walk from the Tower Gateway tube station. There are buses close by which go to Covent Garden or Paddington Station via Oxford Street. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Brick Lane famous for its curry houses. The area surrounding the hotel commercial but we found it very convenient for getting around although the traffic is very congested so allow extra time for bus or car travel. Also fairly near to the 02 arena.	
Sep 18 2009 	Clean and convenient location at a decent price	The hotel is located ~1 min walk to the tube station as well as the RV1 bus stop. It is also within walking distance to Tower of London and Tower Bridge. There is a good pub nearby for breakfast. The rooms are new and clean. Housekeeping cleans the room everyday. We had a problem with the toilet and it was fixed after we informed the front desk. It is located next to the train tracks but the noise is not bad at all when the windows are closed. The staff was helpful when we asked them tourist questions. We would stay here again if we ever come back to London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Ok if you got it at the cheaper rate.	I stayed for 7 nights from August Bank holiday. I booked back in January &amp; got the week for £200 so cant really complain about the quality of the stay for that price. I think I'd have a different view though if I'd paid the full price of £80.00 per night. Room and bathroom were spotlessly clean but the shower is one of the smallest I've ever seen. Extremely basic room's but adequate enough. Tea &amp; coffee facilities, TV &amp; 1 chair! Staff were polite and helpful. Location for tube, bus &amp; tower of London excellent, also plenty of places to eat &amp; drink within 5 mins walk. My only complaint really would be lack of air conditioning, it was incredibly hot in the room and considering this is supposed to be a new hotel the bed was definitely not new. If you can sleep with springs in your back (luckily we were too exhausted each night from sightseeing to care) then you'll be fine. If you have a back complaint then pay the extra &amp; stay somewhere better. Overall it suited our budget &amp; location was good for us.	
Sep 11 2009 	Clean but awful breakfast and right on top of the train line	Clean and new but the breakfast was appalling - everything was dry and stale.Same as other reviews - very hot night but no air con and couldn't open windows as straight onto train line and across the line, the train station.Probably would be ok if you stayed here in winter when you wouldn't need to open the window!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Beware the bed!!	Room 106Hot and stuffy (no air conditioning)Noisy from trains (quiet midnight to approx 5.30am)Ultra thin foam mattress-guarantees back ache the next day (also just a thin sheet on mattress, no protective cover incase of soiling etc)	
Sep 2 2009 	Good location......would stay in the future.	We stayed at the London Tower Bridge Travelodge for one night and overall it was quite satisfactory. We had Room 4 on the ground floor which was clean and tidy but initially lacked a kettle and a second set of towels. This was rectified immediately by the staff on duty who were all very pleasant and could not be faulted for their attitude. The surrounding area suited our requirements. There appeared to be a good choice of bars and restaurants, and it was close to attractions such as The Tower of London and of course Tower Bridge. The Travelodge is 3-4 minutes walk from the Tower Hill tube station which in turn is about 15 minutes away from Kings Cross. We had a drink in the Minories Public House round the corner which seems very popular and it would appear you can get a decent meal there however we ate at the pleasant Indian restaurant over the road.Would recommend a walk over Tower Bridge at night. Plenty of tourists about and there seemed to be a buzz about the place.We had paid £59 for the room which was okay I suppose and had managed to get a discount on the breakfast. Travelodges are alright but only if there's a deal in place.On our short stay experience we are liable to chose this particular Travelodge should we visit London in the future	
Sep 1 2009 	Good Value	We have just returned from a 4 night stay. The room was small but clean. We only paid £34 a night so it was excellent value for money.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good Value for money!	Very clean but basic.Ok for 1 or 2 nights stay.When we arrrived we phoned the hotel to get directions,we told them we had just got off the bus outside the london tower and they told us to go to tower hill tube sation and phone them back and they would give us directions from there.after a very long walk we asked someone and it turned out we were in the right place when we first got off the bus, right over the road in fact...they should have known that as we explained ourselves clearly....was not happy,sore feet for nothing!!!staff friendly but need to learn about the area they work in!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!	We stayed at the Tower Hill Travel Lodge for two nights. Had a great time. Here's a breakdown of the stay.Check-inFriendly staff, no hassle. Had requested a ground floor room and was prompyly given one. Paid the extra tenner for early check in. RoomsBasic, bed, tv, shower. If you want five star etc go into the west end. Air con was great but only on ground floor rooms! No noise from trains.LocationGot a shock when we arrived (weekend). As it's on the outskirts of the city it was very quite with few shops etc. On monday things woke up as the city booys and girls turned up. Close to Tube and DLR. Very close to Tower and Tower Bridge. Starbucks and a few pubs close by for food drinks etc.StaffNothing was too much. We were even given a takeaway menu and recomended away from the ravelodge pizza by the young lad on reception.OverallCheap, clean rooms close to London attractions. Can't complainJP	
Aug 8 2009 	noise from trains and no air conditioning	Stayed in room 518 for £19 offer on 7th August. The room was VERY HOT on arrival and no air conditioning. We had to open the windows. BUT when the windows are open it was very noisy from trains etc. Otherwise the travelodge is brand new and in great location. It is a real shame, and vistors could try to get in the Southwark travelodge instead or another that has air conditioning. Rooms seem larger at the Southwark lodge too.	
Aug 5 2009 	Not so much B	Booked this hotel on recommendation of parents. Will never book a travelodge again in my lifetime. All the other rave reviews were shocking to read after our experience.On entering the hotel I said 'hello' to the two staff members seemingly arguing behind the counter.... to no reply. I looked at my wife and smiled, thinking 'uh-oh'. Finally the man looked up with a 'yeah??'. I knew this was going to be interesting. I then checked-in and asked if there was any chance of food sent to the room in the morning (we'd had a long journey, my wife had come from JAPAN!!!), the girl behind the counter said... and I quote 'Youre joking arent ya? You dont get anyfink like dat wiv the Travelodge&quot;. Again, I marveled at the experience awaiting us.When we got to the actually very nice, clean and modern room the following was instantly noticeable:It was ROASTING hotNo shampoo or conditionerNo toohbrushes/toothpasteONE bath towelNo air conBroken window latch obviously done on purpose by a previously melting guestI decided to call reception to enquire about the bath towels at the very least. Ah..... no phone.I went down to the reception to ask about this, the guy gave me a slip of paper with the hotels number written on it and said 'just use your mobile, mate!'. Fantastic... I should have thought of that... isnt modern technology great!!! He then provided me with an extra bath towel. One problem down.I went back to the hotel room a little flustered.During the next 5 minutes come kid from outside actually entered the room. I have no idea how. I chased him and his 5 friends (guests at the hotel) down the corridor and took them to reception where they were reprimanded for at least 10 seconds by manager-man regarding the case.THEY WERE IN MY ROOM!!!!!!! Not so much B &amp; B here... more B &amp; E. I should have called the police.I went back after realizing that they weren't going to do any more and the lady said &quot;Well, if they do it again they'll get kicked out of the hotel, so don't worry&quot;. Shocking. No other offer even hinted at to appease my frustration.The night was spent either boiling hot with not much noise (window closed) or nice and cool but totally awake (window open). Problems with my pre-paid internet voucher (£5 for an hour, bargain) weren't resolved until the morning and even after that the one hour could only be used all at once, not in little bits. Worst £5 for the internet and £180 for the two nights in total I have ever (and I mean this) EVER spent.Avoid at all costs.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Value Cheap and Cheerful Perfect Location!	Checked into our basic but comfortable room, pleasantly suprised, as we paid £ 50 and didn't have very high expectations for that price if I am honest. The room was average sized, had everything we needed for the night, place to hang clothes, large comfortable bed, spotless bathroom and TV.The hotel is on a main junction and busy road but the traffic is not noisy at all as the double glazing muffles the majority of the noise.The location of the room is excellent, couldn't have asked for better. Its in 2 mins walk of the Tower DLR and Underground for the central line. Theres a great little pub next door serving food and a wetherspoons across the road (The menu at the Travelodge was very basic - 4 main items to choose from). The staff on the main desk were very friendly and helpful, although the morning cleaners were very noisy outside our room at 8am (Even though we left a Do Not Disturb sign out). This Hotel has minimal bad points, outweighed by the many plus points. We will definatley be staying here next time we visit the capital and I recommend others to do so too!	
Jul 24 2009 	Highly recommended!	Good, clean basic accommodation in an excellent location. Close to rail line but very quiet with helpful staff.	
Jul 22 2009 	Travelodge London Tower Bridge - Would use again!	We booked a room at the Travelodge London Tower Bridge, not really knowing what to expect, we usually go with 4 star B&amp;B's so were a little concerned that this might not be up to our usual standard.Upon arrival we were impressed with the appearance, it looked clean and fresh. Upon collecting our key card we found our room, each hallway has to be entered using the same card which was reassuring and gave a sense of security, as only people on that level should be able to gain access.Our room appeared fresh and clean, the walls were a little scuffed in places which is a shame as I understand this Travelodge has only been open a few months. The bed was a king size and had clean bedding, in the bathroom the shower and toilet both appeared immaculate &amp; fresh, clean towels had been provided.In the bedroom you get a desk &amp; chair, a flat screen LG lcd TV, somewhere to hang your clothes up, a full length mirror, a wall mounted heater, a reasonably comfortable bed with two pillows, each side of the bed is mounted a flexible swan necked reading lamp, also a nice touch is a backlit / illuminated headboard which gives a soft light while watching TV, also there is a small kettle for making hot drinks along with tea &amp; coffee.We had a front facing room overlooking the road on the 2nd floor, to be honest noise from the road below was quite loud, as we were very tired from travelling however we both managed to sleep pretty well despite the noise of traffic. The room was very hot so we slept with the window open, which made the road noise worse.We were made aware of food available at the Travelodge as a brochure had been left in our room promoting pizza, simply order at reception then take it to your room and enjoy, we were out until quite late as we had been out on the &quot;see London by night&quot; tour bus and when we returned we thought we would order one, the guy at reception said they had ran out which left us rather disappointed, especially after enjoying the thought.Breakfast was much better than we expected, we started with: orange juice, cereals, coffee, toast, bacon, mushrooms, and tomatoes, beans, which was quite good, you can also have sausages &amp; scrambled egg on your plate too. Other stuff was available like croissants and muffins, and also yogurts, so you shouldn’t really be stuck for choice. We found the breakfast to be perfectly acceptable and even enjoyable.Location of this Travelodge is excellent, its less than 5 mins walk from Tower Hill and the Tower of London, Tower Hill is where you can catch the open top tour bus for the sight seeing. We walked from Liverpool Street Station to the Travelodge which is roughly a 20 - 30 min walk. We found the staff at reception very polite although attendance was lacking on occasions, other than not being able to get a pizza and the warmth of our room we dont really have much to complain about. We would use this Travelodge again, and trust me when I say both myself and my partner are quite fussy!	
Jul 21 2009 	Clean central friendly	We stayed for 2 nights. Its an easy £5 cab ride from Liverpool St., early check in costs £10. Walk to Towers, and to the big bus tours pickups. Slight incident on first night whereby someone entered our room while we were asleep, and left apologising (cleaning). Front desk could not have apologised more profusely, gave us free meals, champagne. Overall, a good impression. Very friendly and helpful. A complaint (minor) - the rooms are very very warm!	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent location for city trips	My Wife and I stayed for 4 nights and the walked till we dropped.Very clean and nice size room.Only 1 set of towels at arrival this was fixed as soon as we pointed it out.I would recommend the breakfast at St Katrines Dock instead of the hotel.We arrived early but went in to the minories and spend 10 £ instead of paying the early Checkin fee.Would stay again at any time.	
Jul 19 2009 	Just another Travelodge	I payed £81 for one night here which is more than I usually would do for a Travelodge but after I'd read the good reviews on here and realised it was really close to where I needed to be I booked it.Like other people have said, the rooms at the top are VERY hot inside. I was so hot in my room I actually got a heat rash (and that's with the window open). I couldn't keep the window open at night due to the noise of the trains so I didn't get much sleep as I was tossing and turning to find a cool spot on the bed.The TV didn't have a proper signal, the picture was black and white and just hissed. The TV also stopped responding to the remote (I thought it was the batteries so I changed them for some new ones I had but it still didn't work) so i had to stand on a chair to turn the TV off at the wall. The duvet cover had brown stains and hair on it (lovely!), as did the shower curtain.Customer service isn't their strong point. The guy who checked me in was pretty unfriendly and only felt able to mutter out what floor I was on and what room I was in as he chucked me the key card.Yes the hotel is new and yes it's in a great location (right next to Tower Gateway DLR) but at the end of the day it's just another Travelodge.	
Jul 17 2009 	Hit or miss	The room was clean but it is very overpriced for no frills. One towel and a tiny bar of soap. For a double room you should not have to return to the front for an extra towel. Very good breakfast and all you can eat. Staff could be a bit more professional at the front desk. Rude African guy at front desk just can't be bothered with questions. Make sure you exit the Tower Bridge station on the correct side. We were turned around and went the long way to find the hotel. It's really not a long walk from the station to the hotel. Convenient location. Also just a reminder, you can't leave your bags at the front prior to check in or out. Would I stay here again, hmmm not so sure.	
Jul 13 2009 	Poor Security	As our rooms were not available we put our luggage in the secure room at reception - accessed only with staff key - when we arrived back early evening my suitcase had been moved, and it was clear that my luggage had been rifled - there was nothing of value but the staff were not concerned - I reported this to Travellodge direct on my return and to date have received no response apart from a notification that I would receive a response within 10 days - 50 days ago!!!!	
Jul 11 2009 	Great value hotel! Don't eat at the hotel eat in 'The Minores'!	I just spent five nights at this hotel with my girlfriend, we are both in our early 20's and the hotel was great. We paid around £250 for 5 nights for just bed, which was excellent - considering the location of the hotel. We looked at other Travelodges/Premier Inn etc and they were £400+ for anywhere near central London. We arrived and the hotel was clean and the staff very helpful. The hotel is situated 2 mins walk from Tower Hill tube station, which is great for sightseeing London as it's on both the Circular and District lines, which allow easy access across the whole of London. It was easy to get to places and get back on an evening, I'd recommend the London Travelcard - it's great value for getting around London.The room was basic, but very clean. Towels were provided, although only one for a double room - we read reviews beforehand, so take your own. Although the hotel is next to the DLR it is well soundproofed. Saying that, it was hot when we stayed and we left the windows open all night and didn't get disturbed. The only real grumble I have with the hotel is that the food is a real rip off there. Although we didn't eat there, it was £7.50 for breakfast each per day (which we didn't have). There is a pub literally 20 metres away called 'The Minores' which is AMAZING! They do breakfast for £4.95 in there, should you want that, however, we just ate muffins we got from Tesco's. However I cannot reccomend enough going to The Minores for dinner, TWO MEALS FOR £7.95! BARGAIN! The meals we had in there were LOVELY, loads to choose from (We'd recommend the beef wrapped in a Yorkshire pudding) chilli, lasagna, veggie kiev, chicken/beef burgers etc etc. We were recommended the 'Wetherspoons' in Tower Hill from one of these reviews, but it was rubbish! Go to The Minores! Even things like the chicken burgers at The Minores are made with real chicken breasts opposed to Wetherspoons 'pre-packed-frozen-stick in the oven for 10 mins' burgers. Great value at The Minores! Also compared to the food that the Travelodge serve, you can't go wrong as you can get two meals at The Minores for the same price as one at the hotel!We'd go back to this hotel in the future, and really reccomend it to anyone looking for a good, clean, cheap central 'base' for exploring London!	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice staff nice dining area but no air con in family rooms.	I've just spent two nights in this Travelodge and this is how it was :Positives :The staff were so friendly. My son forgot his mobile phone charger and the staff charged his phone at Reception. No problem at all re. more towels, duvets, pillows, milk - nothing was too much trouble. They were the friendliest team ever ! The cafe bar area was clean and cool, with air con.There wasn't a lot of choice in the evening as they'd run out of some things but it was fine and again, friendly staff that gave extra dips etc. etc. The service was fast - though there were only a few people in there, but considering the heat of central London this weekend and the fact that there were queues outside the Riverside restaurants and bars, the hotel cafe bar was bliss! The hotel was spotlessly clean throughout. It's about a five minute walk from Tower Bridge Underground. One entrance is nearer and even closer to Tower Gateway for the O2 etc.Negatives:The heat made the rooms as hot as a sauna. There's no air con. in the family rooms on the third floor. I asked to change rooms but was told that only the lower rooms had air con. and we were a family group. The windows only opened a few inches, but even so there was a choice of the intense heat or opening the window slightly and then hearing the sound of the racing traffic.The weather was exceptionally hot, but I would only recommend this hotel for a couple staying in a double room on the lower floors that had air con. I have to add that in the depths of winter, maybe this heat would be appreciated !!!	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Location	Handy for Liverpool Street Station, Tower Bridge Tube and DLR.Stayed there for two nights, 1st night on 5th floor no aircon &amp; lifts broken, heat was awful for safety reasons windows only opened 2&quot; it was like trying to sleep in a sauna, oh yeah workmen working on DLR from about 2am-5am but it was that warm at least they didn't keep you awake, if you closed the 2&quot; opening you couldn't hear them but it was a choice Breath or not to Breath, that was the question!! 2nd night on ground floor aircon great!! beds in both rooms comfy. Staff helpful and sorted out room move and luggage while we were out and about. Would stay again but if warm would WANT a ground floor aircon room.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Bargain nice hotel for the price.	Well, i stayed here june 25th to 27th 2009 with my husband for a couple of days break away in london. I paid £55 per night for a room in central London, which I thought was a really good deal.The hotel is clean and for £55 a night i dont think you can sniff at it. Our room was 230, and it looked out to the DLR, however we never heard the trains going past and they certainly did not disturb our sleep - and we had the window wide open. It was very very hot in London and these rooms dont come with air con, unless you are on the ground floor, however when i checked into the hotel, I asked them for a fan at reception which they gave me and that did help. We did not spend much time in our room anyway. TV angle was fine if you are laid on the bed you can still see it. The room had tea and coffee in it too. The bathroom was great! it was a shower only room which was nice. Me and my husband are both 6ft tall, and for once the fixed shower on the wall did not come to our chests, we could actually stand under it and have a proper shower, unlike most hotels where we have to crouch under it to wash our hair and stuff. The bathroom was very clean, We got back to our hotel late in the evening - past 1130pm on both nights and by the time we got back the bar was closed and there was no where to get food from except the vending machines for snacks. We asked at reception if anywhere was open in the area for food but they said no. However they gave us the phone number of a pizza place and we called them and they delivered right to the hotel, lovely pizza - very cheap too. One afternoon we ate in the Wetherspoons, I have been in many before however they food in this one was nasty, we did not go back. People writing reviews on this hotel do not seem to realise that it is a budget hotel, no you dont get bathrobes, phones in the room or smellies in the bathroom, but you're paying £55 a night - its not going to be the Ritz! It was great for what we needed, and at the end of the day, you dont go somewhere to spend all your time in the hotel. It was easy to find, and only a couple of minutes walk from the Tube, the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. If you are after something to do on a night, i suggest checking out Discovery walks and tours who do ghost walks and Jack the Ripper walks in London. We went on one and it was a brilliant way to spend an evening.	
Jun 27 2009 	I must have stayed in a different place !	Having read glowing reviews like those above beforehand, I booked a room here for one night before catching a flight home. Well the place is new and clean, but that's about where it ends. Neither elevator worked - in a 6 story hotel no less, no one available to help with luggage, a/c was broken, and it was hot that day, no telephones in the rooms, the printer on the lobby computer didn't work. No closet, no furniture in the bedroom save for a simple built-in desk.Perhaps when they get everything fixed and installed this place will be OK, but for now it's a super disappointment.	
Jun 27 2009 	Try and get North facing room in the summer	My partner and I have stayed at this hotel twice before, once in February and again in April, so back then the weather was not as warm. On arriving at the hotel this time we were given a room on the fourth floor, and unfortunately both lifts were out of action (they were for three days), so we had to carry our heavy luggage up to the top of the spiral staircase. When we got into our room it was so hot we had to ask for a fan, which conked out after day three. Luckily our room was north facing, I dread to think how hot it would've been in the south facing rooms. It was also a pain that the windows would only open a few inches, due to a 'health and safety' (next time we'll take a screwdriver)! However, these were the only negative points to the hotel everything else was fine e.g the comfy bed, cleanliness, location. Also, the t.v's have been tilted so now you can watch a clear picture.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location one of the better Travelodges	We've stayed at several Travelodges in London and both myself and my partner agree this is one of the better ones. The location is great for visiting the Tower of London, which we did on this trip and is within easy walking distance of the Tower Bridge tube station. Obviously it depends what you are looking for on your trip to London we usually base our stay/hotel on what our plans are and what's the best value at the time, anyone who uses the Travelodge website would hopefully understand what i mean by that.Our room was clean and the staff where friendly, although it seemed they had to be in several places at once and so there wasn't always someone at reception when you dropped by. Our only grumbles are we had no towels on arrival and so had to ask, then ask again for another, as one towel for two people isn't great. There is no air conditioning and the room was very hot (windows barely open) and when we did look out of our window our view was of a brick wall. Oh and as we always find in travelodges the TV was a bit dicky, but we're now guessing this is the norm as never had a room with a decent TV, but we didn't go to watch the TV so didn't worry about it too much. So nothing major to moan about, which is great. We didn't have breakfast, as find the charge a bit over the top plus there's so many other great places to try with loads more variety. All in all we did enjoy our trip/stay and would return to this hotel.	
Jun 12 2009 	Perfect for a City Break - beware of extra charge for early check-in	Just returned from a short break to London to celebrate husband's 40th birthday. I booked the room using the saver rate (£55) and because it was such a good rate for London we managed to get away for nights instead of a couple!We arrived earlier than 3pm for check in, please be aware that the receptionist will charge you £10.00 if you get there before 3pm! Was not aware of this, but we paid it as we didnt fancy lugging our suitcases around London Bridge and Tower Bridge. Also, make sure that if there is more than one of you in the room, that the receptionist provides you with a second bath towel. The double rooms are only kitted out for single travellers (? I suppose this is because they are more used to single business travellers staying?). My husband overheard a very irate guest who was very upset that there was only one towel in the room. So be aware of this.The hotel is nice and airy when you arrive, the rooms, as stated in previous reviews, are very basic but very clean and new. There is next to nowhere to keep your clothes so we lived out of our suitcases, and only hung up our smart evening wear. We had no problem with this to be honest as we had read previous reviews warning us of the lack of storage. Our room was on the second floor and was right next to the trains passing by (DLR) but with the windows shut you could hardly hear them.The bed was very comfortable. The TV had been angled on the wall so I think they have now addressed the previous problems with the angle of the TV and how it is viewed from the bed. The angle is fine, the picture is clear. Take a hairdryer with you (there isn't one in the room) and your toiletries. If you forget any, the vending machine downstairs had toothbrushes, toothpaste and shower gel etc. The towels are crisp and fluffy.The pub next door (the Minories) is great for a wind down drink and unusually situated in the arch beneath the railway so every now and again you get the trains rumbling overhead! We had a cheap and tasty dinner here (two meals for £7.95) so they are obviously trying to compete with the Witherspoons up the road. It was a nice and comfortable pub, lovely and quiet in the afternoons. We took breakfast at Witherspoons (called Goodmans Field) and you can get a full English breakfast for £2.99! Very good value also is the tea, toast, butter and jams for £1.39, although we seemed to be charged slightly differently each time we ordered it.The location is perfect for Tower Hill underground station, to visit Tower Bridge, London Bridge and Tower of London. The underground will get you everywhere else. We would definitely return for a short break to London. No problem!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Great stay! Get in now before the polish rubs off and the paint fades!	We’ll try to add to most of the points already covered on this forum as we really can’t think of anything bad to say about this hotel.It’s in very close proximity to a tube station, great for sightseeing (tower bridge and the tower of London are a stones throw away for example) and if your fully mobile it’s just the right distance away from the O2 arena – not too far and not too close!It’s a basic, but relatively new hotel (you can see it being built on Google street maps) so naturally you would expect everything to be spotless, undamaged with everything working and we can report that the hotel scored 10 out of 10 in all these categories!We stopped as part of a party – so we did get to view a couple of rooms and can advise that they were all quirky different in some manner. Some had a bath, some had just a shower and some had both! We booked on a saver rate so had no expectations really – but if you’re not able to climb into a bath, it might be worth checking to see if you can book a room with just a shower.If you’re considering booking, especially as the weather gets warmer, please be aware that most of the rooms DO NOT have air conditioning! Because it’s London (lots of traffic outside) the windows are very, very well insulated and protected against noise.When it warms up – the room gets VERY HOT and we do mean BOILING HOT!!Fortunately the staff on reception managed to provide us with a fan. You’ll need to ask for this but BE AWARE there are not enough for every room.If you’re booking in the summer months and the room you’re allocated does not have air conditioning make sure you grab a fan as soon as you check in!! You’ll thank us for this advice :O)As lots of other “trip advisors” have mentioned – there is a Wetherspoons Pub (The Goodman’s Field) just across the road offering sensible prices for Food and drinks. Having sampled breakfast, lunch and evening meal we can honestly say this is probably one of the best Wetherspoons set of meals we’ve ever had! Let’s hope they keep the chef! An average round of drinks will not exceed a tenner as opposed to twenty three quid at some of the other nearby places.Another pitfall to watch is this: The Minories pub is right next door and is also excellent, although calling in late Saturday night were shocked to be denied entry to this booming venue! “Sorry it’s Lesbian night,” said the doorman. Looking around the packed crowd of outdoor tables, each one had a coupled up pair / group of ladies – we had to laugh as not one of us had noticed walking through them all. We had to bob in a taxi to go and find more late drinks!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great budget choice.	Great location. Close to tube, dlr and buses. Room basic but clean and comfortable. Didn't eat there so can't comment on that. Room windows kept out any noise and hallways were quiet. The usual travelodge lack of toilet paper and towels, but no problem getting more. We got a great supersaver rate - 19 pounds for London can't be beat. Would highly recommend.	
May 20 2009 	clean basic hotel; good location for sight seeing	We stayed two nights with our teenage daughter in a family room. The hotel was clean and only 5 mins from the underground. Clean, comfortable beds; only drawback was nowhere to put your clothes as the hanging rail has the sofa bed right underneath it, so no use if it's being used as a bed! We did not use the restaurant as TL breakfasts are overpriced for the generally poor quality: there is a good italian cafe across the road (left from outside the travelodge) which opens early. The wetherspoons is not open unitl 10:00 at weekends so a bit late for breakfast, but we used it one evening and it was very good value.This travelodge was very good value; we booked at approx £29 per night. If you can get a chep deal, go for it., but it is basic, so not worth it unless it's cheap!	
May 16 2009 	excellent value!	clean rooms excellent staffgood location for tube weatherspoons breakfast across road for less than £5	
May 7 2009 	Great stay	Hotel easy to find, thanxs to previous reviews, basic but clean, staff freindly and helpful, checked in early at no extra cost. Didnt eat in hotel had a delicious breakfast at Witherspoons across road. Minoris pub next door good beer, food nasty, partner had mixed grill came out cold, sent it back returned microwaved n dried out. Didnt eat there again. Thames clipper easy way to travel about, was at the o2 areana for Pink concert, Awesome!!!! Would definately stay at this hotel again, felt perfectly safe walking around at night. Brilliant break.	
May 2 2009 	Great hotel!	Two of us stayed in this hotel last weekend, and I must say it was a very good hotel. As has been said, due to being only recently opened, it is clean and has a nice feel about it. We were in a room on the first floor overlooking the road, but I could not hear any noise from outside in the mornings. The rooms are basic (it is a Travelodge afterall!), but sufficient - reasonable size, good beds, good shower. We opted for breakfast, just to see what it would be like, and it was ok - cereals/fruit/fried breakfast/tea/coffee/juice. The fact it is buffet means you can get up as many times as you want to get more, so you can get your money's worth! The first morning it was busy and did get a bit crowded around the cooked items! , probably partly due to the marathon the day before and people obviously staying over from that, however Tuesday morning was pretty quiet.It is also in a great location, very close to Tower Hill tube, as well as Tower of London/Tower Bridge. Couple of pubs nearby which are also worth visiting for food/drinks.I plan to be in London again later in the year, and I will certainly be staying at this hotel - its cheap/clean and close to see the sights and enjoy yourself.	
Apr 21 2009 	Bargain stay at Travelodge	We stayed for 2 nights 18th &amp; 19th April. £80 first night and £19 second night saver rate. We were over for the FA Cup Semi Final. It was a very short walk to the hotel from tower hill station. We were very early so went to Wetherspoons across the road for breakfast to pass some time, then we were able to check in early (£10 cost per room). The room was spotless 425. There was a double bed, bendy bedside lights and a 'glow' light behind the headboard. small table and chair, tea/coffee making facilities. small hanging space with 1 shelf above (ample for a short stay). LCD tv with quite a few channels but like others have said its too high on the wall to see it properly. There is a blackout roller blind on the window. Bathroom was a shower only, which was good and always hot water. The room and bathroom arn't huge but perfectly adequate for what you need. There is a Wetherspoons across the road at the end of the hotel, breakfast is half the cost of the travelodge! The general area was quite quiet around the weekend but it suited us as we were out and about then up to Wembley.The hotel was recently refurbished/opened so its still got its 'newness', I would definately stay here again if I was coming back to London. One thing - check the circle/district lines are working when you are travelling or you will have quite a trek from another tube station/line.	
Apr 20 2009 	This hotel must be the best value in London!	Just returned from a 5-night stay at this hotel. It surely must be the best value hotel in London. I know I am repeating a lot of what has been previously written in reviews but here goes! The hotel has just been refurbished so is very clean and fresh. We didn’t have much contact with the reception staff but the couple of times I did speak to them, they were very friendly. The room was nice, quite basic but spotlessly clean. The bedding was white and was sparkling, not a hint of grubbiness. The room contained a small area for hanging clothes (not a wardrobe per se) which had one shelf above it. My one gripe with the room is that we could have used more storage space, this probably wouldn’t be an issue for a single night stay, but for a 5-night stay, it was slightly irritating to have to live out of our suitcases. There was a desk and a chair, small kettle, tea and coffee (no hairdryer). There were some nice touches like ambient lighting behind the bed and the bedside lights that twisted. To echo the earlier reviews, the TV screen is at a strange angle, which makes it hard to watch from the bed, it is fine if the TV show is bright, but if it’s set at night, you can’t see a thing! The room is quite warm and the rooms are noisy with the windows open, so this could be an issue in the summer. On the plus side though, the windows are extremely well insulated, you would expect to hear trains being so close to the DLR, but once the windows are closed, you can’t hear a thing.The bathroom is lovely and clean. The shower is surprisingly strong and there was always plenty of hot water. They do not provide any cosmetics other than a small bar of soap. This isn’t a problem as long as you know in advance. We didn’t have enough towels the first day, but were able to get some from reception. A couple of pounds tip to the cleaner each day ensured that we always had more towels than we needed on subsequent days! The cleaner was very good, couldn’t fault her at all. We decided not to pay the £7.50 for breakfast, there are so many places to eat, you have a choice of a couple of pubs right beside the hotel that serve hot food, or several coffee shops including Starbucks if you fancy something lighter. The Tower Hill tube station is just around the corner, it is served by the District and Circle lines. Unfortunately, to get to the main tourist spots (e.g. Piccadilly, Covent Garden, Leicester Square) you do have to change line, but it’s not a major hassle, one change will get you most places and you never have to wait more than a couple of minutes for a train. Just be careful if you are arriving or departing on a weekend, we arrived on Easter Monday and both the circle and district lines were closed for refurbishment. It meant our journey from Heathrow took two hours instead of 1 hour. It would have been fine if we’d known in advance and made alternative arrangements. You can get updates on the tfl website, so maybe have a look before you go.Overall, we had a great experience in this hotel, for the price, it really can’t be beaten. I would definitely stay there again and I have already recommended it to friends!	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent clean hotel friendly staff great value and location!	We stayed at the Tower Bridge Travelodge, for 4 nights over valentine's weekend for my first ever trip to London.The hotel was 4 mins walk from the Tube station, with an excellent pub (the Minories) next door, they do 2 meals for £7.95 mon-fri, excellent pub food.As this is a new hotel, it was very clean, and the rooms are a good size.I loved the shower room, just what we needed.Breakfast was buffet style, with lots of choice for everyone. I cannot fault our stay and we would definately stay again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very good but small rooms for a family of 4	I agree with most of the previous comments. The hotel is still nice and new and the staff were very helpful. We were staying with a 6 year old and a baby in a cot. The cot was provided no problem but compared to other Travelodges space was tight. It seemed that the rooms were pretty much all the same size and would be fine for a couple or even 3 people. We stayed for 3 nights and breakfast one morning in the hotel. It was OK but not worth £7.50 and was very busy. The other days we discovered the Riverside Cafe in St Katherines Dock (about 5 mins walk). This was a proper 'Caf'...full breakfast for under £4 and a great view across the marina..highly recommended!	
Apr 17 2009 	Spot on	Stayed here 22nd - 24th March and 15th April, the first time for pleasure, the second on business, and can't really fault the place for the price. Got a very good internet deal for the March visit but it was a little more expensive for my second visit as I could only book a week in advance.The location is great for the City, but even when I was visiting for pleasure I didn't find the hotel (if you can call it that?) to be too far out of the way, and Tower Hill and Aldgate tube stations are only 2 minutes round the corner.The reception staff are very pleasant and nothing is too much trouble. The rooms are perfectly adequate but can get quite hot. This wasn't really a problem in March but it was really warm in London on Wednesday and I had to open the window, which resulted in quite a lot of traffic noise due to the room facing Goodmans Yard.Echoing previous reviews, the angle of the plasma tvs needs amending. Even sat up in bed I couldn't see the picture properly (but I'm not the tallest of people!). I should have mentioned this to reception but was in a rush checking out.Didn't opt for the £7.50 all you can eat breakfast, choosing instead to visit the Weatherspoons across the road for a £3.49 full English and coffee.It's really easy to get to if you're arriving from Euston. Either hop on the tube from Euston to Aldgate or Euston Square to Tower Hill.All in all, I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent budget hotel	Stayed for 3 nights in march, it cost £39 per room per night. The room was very clean, well equipped &amp; there was little or no noise even though our room over looked Tower Hill DLR station. Breakfast was not included in our price but that suited us. There are various pubs, some very reasonable priced serving food all day. It has an excellent location, 2 min walk to Tower Hill Tube, tower bridge &amp; tower of london. It offers early check in at a cost of £10 &amp; late check out (2pm) at a cost of £10 also. The only down side is that they do not have any left luggage facility which made us alter our plans at short notice. However Liverpool street station (about 10 mins away) have a left luggage facility for £8 per bag. Overall could not really fault the hotel. Highly recommended for exploring London.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent budget hotel	Stayed here for just one night as part of a three night trip to London which also included a night in Covent Garden and one in Wembley. This was the cheapest hotel of the three we stayed in thanks to the fantastic offers that Travelodge are pushing at the moment, £29 for a central London hotel is amazing!I agree with many of the other comments made about the hotel which looks newly refurbished so is obviously quite tidy at the moment, just a couple of small flaws which could easily be corrected (Wall mounted TV at wrong angle for bed so very dark, shower curtain a bit too short). All in all though, this is a great value hotel in a good area with St Katherine's Dock, Tower Bridge and the Tower of London right on the doorstep and I would certainly use this hotel again in the future.	
Apr 2 2009 	excellent value for money	This hotel is very close to the Tower of London,Tower Bridge and just across the river from County Hall etc.We only paid £19 a night for the room which was clean and tidy.Obviously breakfast is not included in the price [optional £7.50] but there are plenty of places nearby to get something.St Katherine's Dock is very near which has bars and restaurants.There are 2 tube stations within a 5 minute walk and the DLR is also very close by.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good palace to stay	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in March while touring London. We stayed as a part of the 19 quid per night deal. This was a great hotel for that price. This property is recently renovated so it is very clean. The rooms and bathroom are a decent size for a budget hotel.As far as touring is concerned this hotel is very close to the Tower Hill metro station. However I believe both lines that serve this station are closed on Sundays so it is important to be familiar with the buses from this location if you are staying on Sunday. The RV1 and 15 buses are very handy and close by for site seeing.This hotel is also very close to the Tower of London. There is a large rail station nearby and our window was facing the rail station. However the noise from the rail station was minimal and did not disturb our sleep.Travelodge charges for a lot of extras like checking in early. As long as you are aware of this it is a good hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Very Good	Stayed for three nights with 2 rooms on a familly trip to London. Found this hotel very clean and in excellent condition (recently refurbished). Decent size rooms by London standards, although the fixtures and fittings are fairly minimalist, but then most tourists like us won't be spending a lot of time in the room anyway. The television is quite good! You are surround by roads and a railway line, so there is always some general background noise going on, particularly if you sleep with the windows open, but we didn't find it a problem. Handy for tube access, only about 7 minutes walk to Tower Hill. A little away from the centre, but close to Tower Bridge, Tower of London etc. so still very convenient for sightseeing. Friendly helpful staff. Booked online through totalstay.co.uk and got a better deal than if we had booked on the travelodge website. Breakfast was advertised as continental, but turned out to be buffet style anything you want including bacon, eggs etc. so we were quite pleased with that. The dining area is quite sparse and functional but still clean and perfectly acceptable. There are a couple of pubs within 200yds which serve food if you want to eat locally at night, and the Wetherspoons one across the road is particularly good value.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location and price very quiet good pub nearby	I wont repeat all the points made in previous reports, they are all pretty spot on. Sadly there was chaos at the breakfast buffet when we were there, although it isnt mentioned in any other reviews so maybe just a one off. In any case, if we hadnt had 4 kids with us (Kids eat free) we would have eaten at Wetherspoons across the road as half the price. The TV is too high as stated, loses clarity because of the angle. All in all though this is a great clean well located hotel, with a cracking Wetherspoons pub opposite. If you want an enjoyable budget break in London - this is the one. At weekends there is also plenty of free parking nearby on road.	
Mar 28 2009 	Definitely good value for money	We have just returned from a visit to this hotel and have been pleasantly surprised with everything about it. This is our first trip to London with our 3 year old son and wanted a location near the river as this is where most of the things we wanted to do were situated. Found the location to be excellent. Only a few minutes walk from Tower Hill Station and a Central line service, if you need a Northern line then its just a few minutes walk in the other direction. There are actually 2 Wetherspoons pubs within very close walking distance, we went to the Curry night at the closest one and this was excellent. There is a Slug and Lettuce pub around the corner as well as a couple of coffee shops and also a Boots within a 5 minute walk. Breakfast was excellent in the hotel, yes the food is not always piping hot but it is very fresh and plenty of it. We were given a family room on the 3rd floor when we first checked in but ended up in a different room as the first only had a shower in it and my son does not like them, the staff were excellent, no problem with the change and brought us a travel cot straight up with all the bedding we needed, they had given us extra towels when we checked in. If you do want a bath you need to request this as they only have 7 in the hotel, all the other rooms are shower only. Room was an excellent size for us and we had no issues with noise or anything else. We used the windowsill as a sort of mini fridge by opening the outside window and putting bottles on it and closing the inside one, worked fantastically, just brought up some glasses of ice from the bar and used them for our drinks. We also ate on the other side of the river one night at Pizza Express, the atmosphere there was great and we really enjoyed the walk back to London Bridge tube station, it was very easy to get back from there, we did have to change tube twice but it was only one stop on each line and took about 10 minutes. No issues walking around after 10pm, felt completely safe. This hotel certainly ticked all the boxes for us, if you go with the understanding that this is a Travel Lodge and not the Ritz then you will be fine, they provide decent clean accomodation for a very good price. We paid £19 per night for 3 of us and we were very satisfied. Our only disappointment is that they are no longer taking bookings for family rooms so we will not be able to use them again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Location	Rooms are clean and fresh, as you would expect for a new Travelodge, reception staff were really friendly and helpful at all times. Our Room was on the 5th floor on the railway side of the building, and with the windows closed we did'nt really notice too much noise from passing trains. Only one bath towel provided for two of us each day, but just asked at reception for an extra one. It was really warm in the room with no air-con available in individual rooms. Hopefully the building has air-conditiong for the summer otherwise it could be really uncomfotable.This Travelodge is in a great location 5 minuite walk and you are standing on Tower Bridge or at the Entrance to The Tower of London. Tower hill tube station just round the corner for access to the city centre.JD Weatherspoons pub opposite is really handy for food and some of the best prices for beer you will find in London and the food is fine and really well priced.A great location for a few nights in London	
Mar 20 2009 	It's a Travelodge in a good location	Travelodge is cheap and cheerful - even in Central London. Room is quite small but adquate. Bathroom clean and functional.Get a room and you'll get... A Bed - comfortable with effective reading lightsKettle - tea, coffee, 'tastes like milk' (no it doesn't!)TV - UK terrestrial channels, Radio 1, 2, 5 Live, BBC News Channel, 4Music TV (if you lie in bed the angle means that the LCD picture is washed outPlastic bucket chairHangarsRoller blackout blind (no curtains)The bathroom is fully fitted with hansgrohe fittings. Shower not the most powerful but plenty of hot water.Had breakfast in the hotel. It was OK - choice of cereals, grapefruit, sausage, bacon, scrambled egg, mushrooms, beans, toast (diy in toaster), teas (brew in mug not in a teapot), coffee etc. Wetherspoons pub across the road will do a breakfast for less ££ (open from 9 AM).Location is good for City and Tower of London. 5 minute walk from Tube &amp; Fenchurch Street BR.Lots of traffic noise if you open the windows (would be an issue in the summer because I don't think there is air conditioning and in mid march the room was very warm with no heating on!)	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfect for young couple!	My fiancee and I spent a week at this Travelodge. We are in our mid to late 20's and found it to be just perfect for our 7 night stay. Location -- The location is only a 2min walk to the Tower Hill tube station which is served by the Circle and District lines. Perfect if you are coming from Victoria Station like we did. The hotel borders the financial district so the area is very quiet at night. The Minories pub next door had odd hours but was very busy on Friday and Saturday night. The Room -- Small but functional. Extremely clean. Left a couple pounds on the bed every morning for the cleaners and my room was spotless every time I returned to it with clean extra towels and a nicely made bed. The windows are double paned so with both closed it is EXTREMELY quiet. I could not hear a thing from the street. The TV is nice although it could have been mounted slightly lower. Didn't really watch any TV anyway so it wasn't even considered an issue. The bathroom was just fine. We brought all of our toiletries (soap, shampoo, etc). Soap was provided but we didn't use it. The bed was very comfortable. The comforter was heavy so didn't need to use the in-room heater really. Price/booking/check-in -- We got saver rates on our room. The website was finicky in that it wouldn't let you book a block of days at a time. I ended up having to make 7seperate reservations for consecutive days to get the lower rates. I was concerned this would be an issue but the staff at the front desk were well aware of this and said the only hangup is that I needed to have my room key reprogrammed everyday because the computer system automatically deactivates the card on the day of checkout on that particular reservation. Not a big deal as it was only a 30-second ordeal whenever I got back to the hotel at night. As for check-in when I arrived, the staff was very friendly. I knew about the £10 early check-in fee beforehand so I paid that and went to my room at noon instead of the normal check-in time of 3pm. Conclusion -- I would gladly stay here again. What you get for the price cannot be beat for a central london hotel!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great location	Stayed here for 4 nights and found the hotel to be more than adequate. Great location, only 5 minute walk to tube and Tower bridge/tower of london etc. Room was smaller than the usual travelodge rooms but this wasn't a problem. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was great. Only downside was the view from the room (114) was looking out to a brick wall. The hotel has a small bar and restaurant but didnt really use it as there are plenty of bars and restaurants in the area. There is a great wetherspoons just across the road. There are 2 internet terminals in the reception area which was handy. Defo stay here again.	
Mar 7 2009 	perfect	Great location - 5 mins from Tower Hill tube station and near the tower of London and St Katherines Docks where there are lots of eating places.Value for money, clean, comfortable functional room, very comfy bed, no noise from outside whatsoever - our room was at the rear we could see the DLR tracks but never heard a sound. Was given an extra towel on arrival from very helpful staff, i asked for an extra pillow it was brought up straight away. Don't bother with breakfast at the hotel try the Wetherspoons opposite for a huge fry up for £3 ! No complaints from me - would definitely return.	
Mar 5 2009 	Serves a purpose	Check in was fine, staff were efficient and friendly, but not over friendly. Two Lifts/Elevators available to take you up to the Rooms, and apparently some rooms on the Ground Floor. Stairs also available to the upper floors. My room was on the top floor, smaller than some, and had a Shower with a curtain, rather than a bath with shower over. As usual, only one set of towels for two people, but a quick return to reception provided both an extra set of towels, and an apology for the lacking set. Bed was comfortable, but slightly soft and springy. There was road noise, and as the quilt was thick, things were too warm with the window shut, too noisy with it open. I would shudder to think what it would be like in warmer months, so would hesitate to stay in a Travelodge during the Summer. The location was close by to Aldgate and Tower Hill Underground, and less than 100 yards from Tower Gateway, left out of Tower Hill, along a Pedestrian Walkway, left into Minories, under the Railway Bridge, turn right, and the Hotel is seen directly ahead, on the right. During the day the Routemaster Buses often park next to the Hotel, waiting for their timetabled start.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great value and perfect if you are only looking for a place to rest your head	I stayed here for three nights and got agreat deal for £174 on Gtahotels.com. The location is very central with the Underground and DLR right on your doorstep. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and there was plenty of room in the shower to move around. My room was on the 5th floor overlooking Goodman's Yard but with the windows closed you could not hear the traffic. My only complaint was the flat screen TV was a bit high on the wall which made the screen look dark when lying on the bed, but luckily I wasn't watching for too long.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location good value for money	I stayed at the hotel for one night and as a whole was very pleased with the hotel. Contrary to what many people have said staff were actually really helpful and polite. The room was pretty basic but very clean and comfortable, for a person like me who was staying there for one night only the basic furniture wasn't a problem at all, though the lack of a proper wardrobe, drawers and night tables could be a problem if staying longer. Bathroom was basic too, but very clean and well maintained. Bed was also pretty comfortable and I was really happy with the flat screen TV and the tea and coffee making facilities. Even though my room was looking towards Fenchurch Street rail station I think it was well insulated and quiet as I didn't hear any noise at all, heating was adequate too. The nearest tube station was only a few minutes walk so the location is definitely a plus. Overall, the room was exactly what I expected, if you read the description before you book you shouldn't expect any surprises, also take a look at the pictures other reviewers supplied - rooms correspond exactly to those pictures (but not to the ones on the Travelodge website). If you manage to book a room well in advance for a decent price the hotel is well worth the money.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent value for money	We booked this hotel for just £52 (all in) for a Saturday and Sunday night in February. (Standard cost seems to be about £80 a night).The location is excellent as others have said - during our visit Tower Hill station was closed during the weekend due to maintenance work on the Circle and District Lines but Aldgate and Aldgate East are short walks away. Indeed a handful of stations are within reasonable walking distance.The hotel is recently opened - looking at the building I'd say it is a conversion as opposed to a newbuild but no matter inside it is fine. There is still the pleasant smell of newness and everything is still spotless.Our room was fairly plain but had a very comfortable bed, TV, tea/coffee making and was very quiet.The bathroom wasn't huge but perfectly adequate.Only negative was at breakfast which although was reasonable at £7.50 for a cooked breakfast in a London Hotel - they managed to run out of butter and at one stage clean coffee mugs. Those are things that a hotel really just shouldn't run out of.Overall, we were very happy with the hotel for the price paid. Even at full rates it is probably not a bad option compared with other hotels at the same price. I give this hotel a good rating on the basis of the quality of the hotel for the price paid.Photos added by others reflect our room.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good Hotel with Good Location.	I booked this hotel for Valentine's Day for £9. Thought this was a real bargin and wasn't that bothered about the hotel but was pleasantly surprised.As others have said it's very close to Tower Hill station. You turn left out of the station, then left (cross over at lights) then first right (past a pub) and you can see it straight away.When we checked-in about 6:00pm the hotel seemed a bit lively. The person who checked us in was on the phone and I find this quite rude but it seems the type of hotel that wont offer good customer service. Seems very in and out but if your not looking for anything more than a bed and bar it's fine.We stayed in room 220 and this was fine. The bed was very comfy and had tea/coffee making fac and tv. The bathroom was small but had a shower. Only had soap no other bathroom products.I don't go away to watch tv but when we did turn it on briefly you can see the picture as it's flat on the wall and high up, they could do with putting it on a movable bracket but again if your not bothered it doesn't matter.We had a drink when we got there and took it to our room. It was quite expensive but usual London prices (£8 for 1 beer and 1 wine/leamonade). We had the buffet breakfast at £7.50 each which filled us up. A selection of toast, cereal, youghurt and cooked breakfast.We did notice after checking out a Weatherspoon's near the hotel (turn right out of the hotel) that served food so that might have been a cheaper option.Even though the hotel is near a railway line we didn't hear any noise.For what we wanted I thought this hotel was great. It was right by the Tower of London and near the station. A great place to sleep in the Capital.	
Feb 15 2009 	Good on a budget	Just back from a 3 night stay at this hotel. As mentioned by others, given the price couldn't go wrong. Rooms were clean with tea/coffee facilities and TV. Tea/Coffee were replaced daily. Didn't eat or drink in the restaurant so can't comment on that. Had breakfast one day round the corner in Weatherspoons, pretty good (again for price)Location was really good (for price) right beside the tower. Had few problems with key card for room not working but staff fixed it. Most of staff seemed nice. Only one girl at reception a bit rude.Overall good and would probably stay again	
Feb 13 2009 	ideal location	Having read the reviews I feel that some people expect 5 star for the price of a budget hotel. We stayed for three nights and although the storage of clothes was an issue, we found the staff to be polite, helpful and well turned out. There is very little noise even though there is a main road and train station either side. It is a new location and obviously there will be teething issues. We booked a saver room and if you can tell me where you can get a London hotel room for £35 p.n. let me know. Its location is clearly marked on the website so why you should have problems finding it amazes me.We arrived early (12.30pm) and paid the £10 charge to have our room early.Nearby is a Weatherspoons and next door is a pub serving good food although it is a bit noisey due to the trains overhead.If you are going to book a Travelodge, read the website, it is honest and clearly states its rules. Would go back again for sure.	
Feb 7 2009 	Good new hotel at great rate.	We stayed here for 2 nights in early February. As at all Travelodges the bedrooms and service are basic but more than adequate. This hotel was surprisingly quiet given it's location between a road and a railway. Nice restaurants a few minutes walk away at St Katherine's Dock. Rail and bus services also near. The staff were always polite and helpful to us. If you can get a good rate and are not bothered about the extras that other hotel chains provide I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 6 2009	Clean newly refurbished Travelodge in a convenient location	We stayed here for 2 nights on a weekend away in London. The Travelodge is spick and span (looks newly refurbished) and we got an amazingly reasonable price by booking saver rooms a few months in advance via the Travelodge website. Within easy walking distance of Tower Hill and Aldgate tube stations. There is a Wetherspoons just across the road which came in very handy for breakfast! Highly recommended.	
Feb 5 2009 	Would stay again!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tower Bridge Travelodge for 3 nights at the beginning of feb. The hotel was brand new and all carpets and decor etc were all great and everywhere really clean. Yes there were some rude staff, yet some were lovely. The double room we stayed in was just what we needed, the bed really comfy and new LCD TV. I don't know what some people were expecting, the hotel was perfect for what we needed. It is literally a 3 min walk to the Tower Hill tube station and from there you can get pretty much everywhere. We had a great experience and for the small price we paid for the room it was well worth it!	
Feb 1 2009 	would not stay again	2 adults stayed for 2 nightswhen we checked in the receptionist didnt speak a single word, pressed some buttons on his computer and slammed the key down on the deskhad to go to reception to ask for towels both daystv in room did not workno drawersstaff are rude and not helpful at all when asked for directions etci would rather pay more to stay somewhere nicer. just because this is a budget hotel doesn't mean staff should be unhelpful, i hope anyone reading this would agree.if you have already booked to go i hope you have a better experience than we did.other people we spoke to in the hotel had the same complaints as we did.	
Jan 19 2009 	A great place to recharge when on vacation	My fiancee and I stayed for only one night. I posted four pictures that you hopefully will find useful.+ The room was well furnished and very clean. If you need a quite and clean place to rest, then this is for you. Close to the Tower Hill Substation.- Bed is very soft. LCD TV cannot be tilted so it's difficult to watch in bed.	
Jan 15 2009	More cons than pros...	I stayed a couple of nights.Yes it's a budget hotel and this is what a noticed: no drawers in the room so you have to keep your stuff in the suitcase; just one towel even if you are two people in a double room; no amenities like shampoo or bathfoam or hairdryer ; good Lcd TV but with only english language channels;tea or coffe maker .Beware from arriving prior to 2.30 pm: you have to wait for check in!!!It's a very silent hotel , no noises from the street nor from the railroad which is very close and this is a plus! Breakfast is under the average even if it is an &quot;all you can eat&quot; service.The worst thing: we come back about at 1:30 pm and the room was not yet cleaned . A guy working in the other rooms told us &quot; i will clean it within 15 mn so please leave the room for cleaning&quot; and gave us a new towel.Back in the evening ( 7.30pm) room was the same : untouched!!!!Hotel is new and not yet finished ( we noticed workers painting other room) and very very close to the underground station but I think i do not would come back again.	
Jan 9 2009	No problems here	I have just stayed two nights at the Travelodge Tower Hill (this is its proper name, not London Bridge). I knew when I booked back in September that Travelodge does not store luggage, but was arriving around 4:00 so that was not a problem.Getting here from Tower Hill Station is no problem - you just turn left out of the station, take the first left and than the first right, all of maybe 300 metres. These instructions are on the website, and they work. There's even a map.The staff was helpful on check in, the room was spotless (being brand new I'd expect nothing less), the bed is nice, no paint smells or flakes, there's tea and coffee, a wee table, the TV is far better than I expected i.e. LCD. It does only have a few channels, but this is a budget brand of hotel (I paid 9 pound a night!). No wardrobe, just a few hangers under a shelf.I happened to draw a room with no view at all, but have been suprised at how absolutely quiet it was.As for location, it is right at the Tower, but if you're set on things in the West End or cinema then you'll have to spend some time getting there. There are pubs, cafes and shops around but it is on the edge of the City of London proper, so there are a lot of commercial buildings surrounding the hotel rather than interesting things to see (although I actually enjoyed walking through the City).I'd happily come back; I am booked into Travelodges for the next three weeks (and have read some dubious things about some) so am off to a good start!	
Dec 21 2008 	New police ruined our trip	Me and my partner booked the hotel for Saturday night before Christmas, we had planned a day shopping in London and a show. We had problems finding the travelodge, the nearest station is Towerhill which is only 5 mins walk, however you need directions as it is not obvious. When i eventually found it i was told at reception that they have changed the policy and you can no longer leave luggage, after speaking to the manager, we had to pull our case back out of the hotel, take it to Liverpool street train station and pay £6.50 in the left luggage. We had to recollect it later that day with our shopping then get a taxi to the hotel. The room was newly painted and had a strong smell of paint, there was bits all over the carpet. I believe this new policy is going to cause problems for people who arrive early, this hotel is not central and i wouldnt stay again.	
