Oct 25 2005	Home in London	My family just returned from a trip to London and a stay in a flat in the Belgravia section of London provided by Central London Apartments. Our experience was delightful for many reasons!First, the correspondence and business dealings with the staff at Central London Apartments, mainly Kate, prior to our arrival was nothing but professional and friendly. She went out of her way to make sure we had all the information we needed to complete the transaction AND to feel comfortable about it all, down to last minute issues with hiring a car from the airport and ordering a food basket.Second, the apartment was in a lovely section of Belgravia within walking distance of the tube and Victoria Station. The bedrooms were set back away from the street, as such offering quiet at bedtime. The bathrooms were clean and stocked with the necessary vanity products - shampoo, lotion, shower gel. There was a very generous supply of towels and lots of closet space. The carpets were a bit worn, as was the upholstery on the living room furniture, but within acceptable limits. Lots of room to move around! Maid service every day. The kitchen, as well, was clean and well stocked with cooking utensils and other supplies, including dish detergent and dish wipes. We even did more than a bit of cooking during our stay! With our additional purchase of a food basket containing basic items - tea, coffee, butter, bread - we were more than set. Not to mention the washer/dryer setup which is indispensable when travelling with 3 children!Last, we were in close proximity to Knightsbridge and foodshops like Marks and Spencer, Harvey Nichols, Harrod's and a large variety of cozy cafes and restaurants catering to both families and couples. Not to mention some awesome boutiques! The only downside to this particular apartment was at the time of our stay there was construction going on in the apartment building next to the one we were staying in. So, we were woken up by about 8am on weekdays by the tapping of construction crews in the building nextdoor. Surely this is a somewhat temporary situation. Needless to say, it would have been nice to know about it beforehand. To put a positive spin on it all, at least it forced us to get out of bed to see the town! No sleeping in!That all said, we would arrange lodging through Central London Apartments again. They are able to provide an affordable homey alternative to hotel stays for larger families or for those who just want to experience life in a big city as a local, or both!	
Aug 6 2005 	Long Time Customer of Central London	I am a long time user of Central London Apartments for the last 10 years. I have always found the apartments located on Bloomsbury to be quite comfortable and perfect for having a flat rather than a hotel. Friends have stayed in some of the other apartments (Regency?) and found them a bit dull and dark. It can really depend on which apartment you get. Some are better some are worse. Bathrooms vary as does room size. So, do some selection from the plans first. Chrissie is a delight as is her staff. I have sometimes arrived at 11:30 PM (23:30) and sometimes at 06:00. I have always been met or otherwise accomodated by Chrissie or someone on the staff.You are around the corner from the British Museum and 10-20 minutes from the West End theaters by foot. A comfortable walk to the National Theater. All in all, what more could you want if you are willing not to have an American Style Hotel, stay local and enjoy a flat rather than an apartment. Two places in the area worth the stop...Wagamama and Food for Thought. Just two more reasons to stay local.	
Jun 3 2005	Don't do it	I reserved the Regency Apartments on March 8 (for a July visit) with Central-London-Apartments, a rental agency, at which time my credit card was charged with the full six days rental ( I agreed to this). Due to a change in plans, I canceled on March 10, but the charge was not reversed. When I contacted Central-London-Apartments by email, I was advised I must contact the owner Service Letting by phone. I got a receptionist who said every one was &quot;busy,&quot; but they would &quot;take care of it.&quot; It was two months after numerous emails to Central-London-Apartments (they always responded they were trying to get the charges reversed) that my credit card was credited with all but $62.02. I had to put together a package of emails to support a complaint to my credit card company. Central-London-Apartments explained that was a &quot;surcharge,&quot; which was not revealed on the website, nor mentioned on the cancellation email which showed my charges as now $0.00. Many London apartments require a deposit. A few want the entire payment up front. Don't do busines with those that require the full amount and get an email from the apartment that requires a deposit that reflects the exact charge that will be made on your arrival.	
Jan 20 2005	The best accomodation provider bar none	We stay in London regularly and like so many other people who venture into this urban jungle, we found finding good value accomodation right in the centre of town almost impossible. That was until we happened upon Central London Apartments. They found us a beautiful flat at a brilliant price which was only 1 minutes walk from Covent Garden and 3 minutes from Oxford St. The level of customer service provided was excellent and I have already recommended Chrissie and Central London Apartments to all my friends back here in the States. We have now been back to London 3 times in the last four years and every time the quality of apartment and level of customer service have improved. For great apartments in the best locations at the cheapest prices use Central London Apartments you wont regret it.Chicago,USA	
