Aug 14 2009 	What a Shame!!!!!!	Last year i stayed in this hotel for couple of days. Staff was nice and helpful, location was good and price was OK. I was told that hotel is going to refurbish with in few weeks . Keeping that thing in mind i booked this hotel again and i was amazed. Hotel was in really bad condition. Rooms were dirty, breakfast was awful, new faces on the front desk and very unfriendly. I would recommend to spend some more and stay in a nice hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	be aware of hanging/ trailing wires....and that's just to start!	My my.... what a place, and i sincerely wish I meant that in a good way!After finding the hotel, which was central to Marble Arch and pretty much ideal, our group of 5 arrived to check in and our reservation had been messed up, instead of a triple and 2 singles (this was all they had available at time of booking) we had been reserved a double and 2 singles. The best they could offer was to put a 'camp bed' into the double room (i suggested the possibility of upgrading a single to another double and was met with a very un- friendly huff). Seeing as we had no- where else to go and needed to be at a theatre show for the evening, we agreed.No lift and 3 flights of stairs later- 1 flight to the top floor was steep and very un-forgiving with suitcases and wearing heels, we arrived to our rooms. The 'now' triple was cramped and to get into bed you had sit at the bottom of the bed and crawl up, the bathroom door was off the hinges, cracked tiles and a sink you could barely wash your face in. One single was not actually that bad, except the shower knob came off in your hand and the other single room was hysterical... a shower in the cupboard (literally), wires hanging from the tv around the satellite box (that fell off onto me) leads across the floor and of course the bag over the smoke alarm. Receptionist as apologetic as ever... yeah right! Didn't even attempt to try and figure out what was on the breakfast menu!Thank goodness we were only staying for 1 night... oh, and for great friends that made the whole escapade hysterically amusing and a great night out!	
Aug 9 2009 	It was so terrible it was funny!	Arrived at the hotel with a group of friends only to find that they had made a mistake with the booking and has reserved the wrong rooms. As a result, they put up an extra camp bed in one of the rooms to acommodate the 'roomless' person! Once gaining access to the rooms, we noticed that there was considerable damage to doors, furniture, showers and trailing dangerous wires hanging down and accross the rooms from electrical equipment. In addition to this, the rooms were dirty and could have done with a lick of paint rather than the less than important installation of satellite TV boxes! On pointing out these problems to hotel staff, my friend was met with indifference! ...We didn't even try the breakfast!Check out their website, it doesn't even look like the same hotel!	
Aug 9 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel.	On arrival the hotel had allocated the wrong rooms for our party of five. The receptionist was less than helpful and made no apology for their error. They managed to fit another 'bed' into the twin room and discounted the cost of the room by £5. When we got to the room they had put a camp bed between the two singles, there was no space to actually get into the bed unless you crawled up the bed from the bottom end.The rooms themselves were poorly funished and very knocked about. There were mutiple faults with the room e.g. door off the hinges, sharp cracked bathroom tiles, wires stretched across the rooms and plastic bags tied around the smoke detectors. When I returned to the reception to make the staff aware of the faults they said that they were already aware, but again offered no apology.Luckily our party were only staying one night and we spent minimal time at the hotel. I would strongly advise that people avoid staying here. The hotels website is very misleading and the room are not recognisable against the photos they have used on their web page. The hotel is in a good central location and is relatively cheap but still offers very poor value for money.	
Jul 20 2009 	Very expensive HOSTEL	The three of us stayed for two nights. And I wish I would have read the reviews before I booked - never mind. Locating the hotel was a piece of cake no problem there the location is very very convenient BUT that is the only possitive about this place. The rooms are the size of a penny, the single room has a shared toillet in the hallway, it´s noisy and breakfast is a total myth. This is closer the a hostel then a hotel which makes is rather expensive and not at all enjoyable stay.	
Jun 19 2009 	Clean but Small Rooms	i stayed at griffin house hotel the room was very small and the lady who is working at recepton is very roude cannot cummunicate properly she do not know how to deal the customer. Overall stay is ok the hotel is close to all famous attraction.	
Jun 3 2009 	Utterly dreadful	I emplore you... if you pay attention to any review on trip advisor in relation to the Griffin House Hotel, let it be mine. Don't give this hotel a chance! Pay a tenner more, book early and stay in a Travelodge. Yuck. Pictures on their website are completely inaccurate. The only hotel with vacancies on London Marathon weekend, and with good reason!	
May 19 2009 	Small rooms but clean and close to london attractions	We stayed at griffen house hotel, it is colse to all attractions and Marble arch tube station, Rooms are small but have everything you need. Breakfast was not the best but there are cafes in walking distance which do breakfast. For the price i think this is a great stay. But you get what you pay for.	
Apr 6 2009 	A traveller’s nightmare	I’d love to provide you with a full review of the Griffin House Hotel experience but I can only take you as far as the reception, as that’s as far as we got…despite a confirmed booking with the Griffin House Hotel, we found ourselves in London on a Saturday with no accommodation.My friends and I booked 2 rooms with the Griffin House hotel over a month in advance of our trip, we called a week before arrival to make an amendment to the booking and confirm our reservation. However, upon our arrival the thoroughly unhelpful lady behind the reception (I use the term loosely) not-so-politely informed us that ‘our names weren’t on the list so we weren’t coming in’. This is despite the fact that we could provide written confirmation of our booking. Defying the tradition of customer is always right, the lady behind the desk blankly informed us that the hotel was full and our predicament was not her fault. After some huffing and puffing she finally presented us with two equally under whelming options; we could have our 2 rooms, in 2 different hotels, 2 blocks apart at a much higher cost than our original reservation or we could leave a message for the manager who wouldn’t be back at work till Monday, 2 days after our expected departure. Needless to say we declined both. If you’re planning a trip to the Griffin House Hotel my advice would be have a plan B!	
Mar 18 2009 	Nice  warm and cheap solution!!!	The room is small but warm enough and provides all comforts for somebody that wants a cheap and simple solution in London. The bathroom is quite big and it always has hot water. The breakfast is simple but very tasty and well cooked. The staff is very friendly and willing to give you all the information that you need.the location of the hotel is excellent. it's near the central artery of subway, bus stations,hyde park and oxford street. The neighbourhood that surrounds it, is so beautiful and calm that fascinates you. In general lines is a very good solution for those who want to travel cheaply in London. Sure we will revisit it. Thank you for the excellent time that we spent there.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent Staff.. shame about the rooms	I required a hotel in London for one night in February ( 2009) and used a well known website which lists lots and lots of hotels. The price was acceptable and the description was really good, below is a copy of the websites description ....&quot;RoomsWith excellently designed rooms, quality pine wood furniture, central heating system and multilingual satellite TV channels in every room, your will stay at hotel more comfortable and enjoyable.RestaurantGriffin House Hotel has a very clean and modern dining area where delicious breakfast is served&quot;The outside of the Hotel looks nice, but the inside I found to be tatty and poor. I will let my photos speak for the quality of my room. My bathroom had a lipstick stained glass in it. In front of the wardrobe doors was a gap of about 3 feet to a wall where what looked like a small plastic piece of pipe was sticking out..for what I do not know.Breakfast was very basic, and mine was a glass of orange juice, cup of tea, a fried egg and slice of toast.The bed was most uncomfortable and although it was February, the room heat was excessive..which must have bothered others, as there was a fan in the room which I had to use.....and this was February rememberLocation was excellent for my requirements, but would I stay there again .. no way, if for no other reason but the totallly false claims about the quality of the room and especially the furniture ( see my pictures )	
Mar 7 2009 	dirtiest hotel ever	the worst hotel ever i have stayed in mould and damp every where would not reccomend or stay here again	
Nov 7 2008	More than awful....but they don't care!	Stay away from this place! It is a dump. I doubt that this place could possibly meet any industry health and safety regulations. The location is good, but that is not enough. If this accommodation cost a quarter as much as it did, it would still be far too expensive. For an extra 50 GBP per night, for a triple room, we found a beautiful 'luxury' hotel metres from Paddington station, including full English breakfast! So look carefully....read all of these comments....I wish I had! Like so many others, we had a horrible stay. We booked and paid for a triple room. We arrived very late at night and could not look for alternative accommodation. The room is no.3. It was disgusting to say the least. It was in the basement next to their kitchen. Tiniest of rooms, could not move. Three people could not even stand up at one time, the floorspace was so small. Worse than this the walls were damp and mouldy with peeling wallpaper. The double bed and single bed (a makeshift trundle-type of structure) had stained linen. The dirty shower was literally in a cupboard and stank of mould. The toilet was dirty and unflushed. I could go on and on about one awfully tiny revolting space. We e demanded a full refund for the two nights booked, but they don't care. We left as early as possible the next morning, not daring to eat food from there. and after much following-up and argument, we received a refund for the second night's booking.	
Oct 26 2008	Worst London Hotel Ever - Watch your belongings	I would strongly recommend that if you value your personal belongings you reconsider staying at this property.On arrival I wanted to have a shower, the shower on full power wasn't enough to even fill a glass of water let alone to bathe under.After asking for this to be fixed I tried again a few hours later with no change. Again on my way out I asked for the shower to be fixed, again no result or care for my request. I had no choice but to go without a shower for 2 days.On checking out I left an expensive shirt in the waredorobe of which I shortly can back to collect once I realized I had left it behind.The man on reception said that he and ''the cleaner'' on inspection of the room could not find my shirt. I asked to see in the room and not to my surprize my shirt was no longer hanging up.We asked to fill in a lost property form or a stolen good form but there was no such process in exhistance for this occurance.It was clear to me this ''hotel'' run a strict ''Finders Keepers'' service with no regard to there patrons in any way shape or formKeep Away !!!!!	
Sep 6 2008 	Hideous hotel experience	We booked a triple room and were given the room downstairs next to the dining area. The window was directly opposite to the hotel kitchen windows so it was noisy in the morning. The room was far too small for a triple. There were large damp patches all over the walls; paint was peeling from the ceiling; the shower room was too small to stand up in and was full of mould and smelt awful. The lock on the toilet door was broken; the toilet made an awful rumbling noise when flushed; toilet paper was slightly soggy from damp; the shaving light fitting was smashed; the bin was broken; dangling electrical cables and frayed edges from the carpet were a trip and safety hazard. The room was so awful that it warrants a letter of complaint to trading standards and health and safety officials. We overheard other guests complaining about their rooms over breakfast (which was ok but by no means 'continental'). I wish we had taken photos to evidence the appalling state of the place. Would definitely not stay here again or recommend this to anyone whose friendship we value.	
Aug 20 2008 	Urine smells moldy showers and cramped rooms await you...	We had a 4 night stay planned in London so we chose our hotel based on price and location. We found the Griffin House on a budget travel site and agreed that it fit our criteria. It looked decent from the on-line photos as well. When we checked in, we were giddy from its location and lovely surroundings. These feelings were instantly nixed as we headed towards our dungeoness room toting our massive luggage down a rickety flight of stairs. The desk staff was greasy and unsmiling. Not a great start. When we opened our door with our ancient room key (this took 5 minutes) we were smacked in the face with a wafting smell of fresh urine. We booked a double room for 2, we got a triple with a tiny bed for children, I suppose. I sat on the bed to look around and take in the hideous surroundings, and as I did the pee smell became stronger. It was then that I realized this bed was the culprit. Some child had probably peed in the bed and the staff just put a fresh set of sheets on and threw over a comforter and this was their solution. Nice. That was just one of the problems. Only one of the 4 lights in the room worked, the shower was covered in green mildew, the toilet was cracked. The towels were like the shammies you wash your car with. Ick. There was also no room to walk or turnaround in your room. Just a long, small hallway from the door to the room. We begged for a room correction at the front desk and by that evening they finally moved us upstairs to a smaller, but cleaner room. Our second room was equally cramped with a bonus! The only source of ventilation was a window that we opened, and outside were 2 apartment dwellers smoking like chimneys. Of course, all of this smoke blew into our room and added to the ambience. We stayed 2 nights total in this place. It was disgusting. The other guests were equally as miserable and we would commiserate over breakfast each morning at the condition. The one up-side is that the staff swore to us that they were about to do some major rennovations to the hotel in the fall. I hope for everyone's sake that they do. It was the moldiest, stinkiest hovel I have ever stayed in, especially in Europe. Budget or not, I know you can find better in London. Really unfortunate stay.	
May 29 2008 	keep away from the Griffin	Hotel rooms nothing like web site suggests-booked 2x twin rooms en-suite but on arrival offred 1x twin which was damp and wall paper hanging off wall and 2x singles with toliets outside room on landing in a cupboard under the stairs !!Refused rooms as not as booked-they refused to refund my deposit and then without authorisation took a further payment from my credit card-police and tradings standards now investigating- keep away	
Feb 13 2008 	It's fine	Tripadvisor reviews are becoming more troubling. You can't figure out what really is going on. I start to think there is something more wrong with the reviewer than with the hotels. Griffin is a budget hotel -- on a quaint street, next to some great places in London. If it weren't for places like Griffin i'd have nowhere in London to stay. I paid 50 pounds for a basement room. It was clean. The towels were a bit worn; the sheets not amazingly comfortable. But i slept fine and I engaged with friendly staff. That's what i expected. Sometimes i think other guests expect so much for such a comparatively small price. This place is fine.	
Jan 11 2008 	Run away from this dump	Room are tiny.Showers have mould.Bed is terribe.Everything bad everybody said before me is true .	
Jan 6 2008	Stay Away Please!	Please stay away from this hotel. I stayed in a single room that was supposedly an en-suite. This meant a very small shower cubicle with a door you couldn't open without bumping into the tv.The toilet was a shared one in the corridor. The room was very small even for London and smelled really badly.I have stayed in a lot of hotels but have never felt so cheated before.	
Dec 22 2007 	Nice on the surface but very small	From the outside, this looks like a very nice hotel. It's in a rather nice area, and the outside seems to have been done up recently. Once in, the staff are friendly, but unfortunately it all goes downhill from there. Our room had a small-ish double bed , with a rather worn mattress, and the bed took up more than 90% of the floorspace. It was just barely possible to open the bathroom door (which did not close fully, and had no working lock to keep it shut). Going out the front door took one person sitting on the bed to get out of the way while the other opened the door.The bathroom seemed to have been redone a few years ago, but the tiles were cracking, and the plumbing looked rather strange. Atleast there was plenty of hot water, even in the mornings.The breakfast was below average, even for an included continental breakfast, and consisted only of coffee, tea, toast and cereal. The cooked breakfast was even worse, just replacing the cereal with possibly the worst scrambled eggs I've had.Overall, the hotel was clean, and the staff friendly, but the rooms were very small and it had that British peculiar mix of doing things beautifully and just right and total disasters. At the price we paid, I'm giving it a &quot;Neutral/Average&quot; score.	
Dec 4 2007 	Don't go there you can book better!!!	This hotel is definitely not the best place to stay. It is located in a very central area, but the hotel itself is no good. The double room we booked was extremely small with the bed taking up most of the space. The matrass was very old and I could feel the base of the bed. The bathroom is smaller than small with the wash basin tucked away in the one corner and hardly wide enough to wash your face in. The towels were really old and over used. There wasn't even complimentary shampoos or anything!The sky-box cables were haning lose and looked terrible. The room was located on the street and was so noisy I had to use earplugs!The breakfast room was just as bad. It it located in the basement and very warm and stuffy. Not a friendly breakfast feel to it with staff that could hardly understand what I asked for in English. It was suppose to be a continental breakfast but I was terribly dissapointed. All in all, you can find a better place to stay at that is even a bit cheaper!!!	
Oct 13 2007	This place is a dump!	I was so sorry that I did'nt read the trip advisor review on this place before I booked it. I refused the first room which was seperated from the reception cubicle by light partition wall. The room was so small that the bed took up 90% of the entire space.The second room wasn't much better, it was in the basement and it and it was dingy, depressing, musty and damp. The walls and carpet were filthy and I thought it best to wash dowm the shower before using it.I'm not a fussy person and I did'nt mind the complete lack of facilities but I do expect a place to be clean.It's an absolute dump!	
Oct 7 2007	Beautiful B	Me and my wife stayed on 25th September,2007 at Griffin House Hotel Marble Arch 10 Connaught street.This is one of the most beautiful B&amp;B place all most famous attractions are very near and all staff was very helpful and smile facing., I recommend this to any and everybody! Let's just say that the back to normal now!!Cheers	
Aug 26 2007 	not for families with small children!	Had to go to London at short notice and booked this hotel as it was in a convenient location for us.As we were travelling with a baby and a toddler, both in pushchairs, our choice didn't turn out to be great as it was difficult to get to our room due to very narrow stairs, doorways and corridors (there was no lift either). The rooms were quite small, especially the bathrooms, for example there was approximately a 35 cm gap between the door and the shower cubicle that anyone who wanted to use the toliet or sink had to squeeze through.The standard of the room was OK but not great, maybe what can be expected from a two star hotel.We'd booked a triple room which turned out to have a problem so inseted we were given two adjacent rooms (double + single). OK but less convenient than all of us being together. The TV took some effort go get working as the Sky box was disconnectedOn the plus side the staff was friendly and helpful and the location is great in a very central location but still in a very quiet street.Overall good for someone who values location over comfort!	
Jun 30 2007	beware of this place	There is mould on the walls which made my children react with allergies.The stuff is well aware of this problem and is unhelpful,the manage,ment do not offer any change or refund.the beddings are smelly and we didn't shower for 4 nights because the bathroom was disgusting.save yourselves the trouble!	
May 20 2007 	Don't Stay Here!!!!!!!!	They made me pay in full on arrival without even seeing the room, then the room was so full of a mildew smell my allergies immediately acted up and could not stay in that room. The room was under street so no fresh air. The sheets looked and smelt even worse, and the bathroom was a 'closet' with loads of mildew on the roof of it as it had no air in it... GROSS! After telling that I couldn't stay there, they told me no other rooms were available and that I couldn't have a refund. I paid for a room for 5 nights and couldn't even stay there.Don't stay here!	
Apr 21 2007 	Not good.	I keep looking for a clean, friendly, quiet, affordable small hotel in central London (if anybody knows one, please let me know). This isn't it! It's a rickety old place, where the staff don't know the name of the nearest tube station, and the room was so small, that there wasn't enough floor space for my bag. Give it a miss.	
Apr 16 2007 	Terrific Cozy Hotel nr Marble Arch London	Griffin House Hotel, Connaught Street London. I have stayed in this charming Hotel on two seperate occasions and have just confirmed a third stay for May 2007- in my opinion it is very good value for the money. This is a delightful small B + B in a wonderful location off Edgeware Road, just a 5-6 minute walk to March Arch and Oxford St. The rooms are clean and comfortable, with decent en suite bathrooms and Cable TV.All the staff are wonderful, extremely courteous and friendly, as were the other guests at the time! I needed to have computer access on several occasions and the staff allowed me to use their front office for that purpose. A very good hot breakfast is served downstairs and I had access to the kitchen for a &quot;cuppa&quot; whenever I needed. I think of it now as a &quot;home from home &quot; whenever I am in London and would not consider staying anywhere else.	
Mar 2 2007 	Not bad at all.	I was searching for an affordable hotel in London that wouldn't scare me in anyway. After a lot of online research I decided to book the Griffin House Hotel because of the location and the majority of positive reviews.I am pleased. For the money I've spend, in London, this was very nice indeed.Everything was clean. The bathroom and the room were small but who cares? One of the sides of the double bed was against the wall. It has free wifi connection to the internet.The staff is very friendly and the location is great.I would stay there again.	
Nov 12 2006 	Not the hotel we were expecting...	This is more like a 2* guest house than a hotel. There are no tea /coffee making facilities in the room and the T.V didn't work, but there was a hair dryer. The beds had seen better days and were on a slight tilt so it felt like you were going to fall out. There was a slight drain /sewage smell coming from the bathroom, but the water was nice and hot and the shower did work.The radiator was absolutely red hot so you had to have the window open constantly , ok if you like saunas.Its only bonus points were that it was with-in a 10 minute walk from Paddington station and about a 5-8 minute walk to Marble Arch tube station.The breakfast provided was not what I would class as satisfactory. It consisted of tea/coffee, cereal or scrambled egg which was served up on a plate on its own and then your toast was bought to the table. We found a great pub on the way to Marble Arch tube station that served a great breakfast for £1.99, so I would skip what they are offering if you choose to stay here.I'm glad we were not staying here for more than one night, it was a last minute booking and it was ok as a base room, it was clean and tidy that is the only good thing I can say.	
Nov 9 2006	If Location Only Is Important - This Could Be Right For You.	Before making a week long reservation at this establishment, I read a less than complimentary report on your website.I discussed this with the Reservations Manager of Griffins who expressed surprise at the comments, assured me that the hotel had been completely refurbished and would meet my requirements admirably. To cement the deal he offered me a deluxe room for the standard room price of 70 pounds per day.On 24th September 2006, my wife and I arrived to move in.Full payment on registration was required and paid.The reception gentleman seized one of our bags and set off up a flight of stairs as steep as a hen's face, leaving 82 year old me to carry an equally heavy one.By the time I hove into view at the door of the room, reception was on his way down, leaving no opportunity to re-act to the state of the room.A quick survey confirmed it was clean. It had one towel available for the use of two people and a T.V. on a stand so high up on the wall, it could not be viewed from any comfortable position.No chairs so the only option was to lie flat and try to catch an angle of the screen.We reported these matters three times before another towel arrived the next day and the Television was taken off its stand and dumped on our bedside table.The room was described as DELUXE.This term should be expunged from Griffin's promotional material.At best it could be described as a STANDARD room- leaving their standard rooms with the title SUB-STANDARD.Breakfast was included.A set of stairs downward that would be better approached with alpine equipment, took us into a room with four tables.CONTINENTAL breakfast was on the menu- in fact that was the menu.A bowl of cereal swimming for its life in far too much milk, arrived promptly.Almost simultaneously came two slices of slightly toasted bread on a large plate along with the usual butters and jams.By the time we had excavated the cereal from its milky hideaway, the toast was cold and leathery.This pattern was repeated each of the seven days we appeared.The only releif offered was eggs scrambled or boiled with no supporting luxuries such as bacon.The word CONTINENTAL should be deleted from all Griffin brochures and replaced with the word-SUB-CONTINENTAL.Griffin House Hotel should never be called a Hotel.It is at best a B&amp;B. there is no lounge or Bar-nowhere to be except in your room.GRIFFIN HOUSE HAS ONE VIRTUE- IT IS NEAR OXFORD STREET.	
Oct 19 2006	this is a dump	I would never stay at this hotel again, room was very cramped I was travelling with my daughter they tried to give us a double room one bed, breakfast was one egg toast and coffee. Climbed five flights with luggage. Very poor service shoddy decor.	
Aug 19 2006 	OK hotel on good location	We stayed one night in this hotel in august. We choose it because of the location and that is indeed very good, just 5 minutes from Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Hyde Park. We had booked a double room, but when we arrived we got a triple so we had some extra space, which was very nice.The room itself was ok, altough the bathroom was tiny en the sink was the size normaly used in toilets only, not handy when you are brushing your teeth!The only real thing that kind of bothered us was the fact that the room ws in the souterain and right beneath the reception. Lucky that I'm a deep sleeper, but before going to bed we could hear every step above us.Breakfast was not big, (2 pieces of toast with butter and jam an a egg) but I liked it and for my it was enough.All things taken in account I would recommend this hotel for person who are traveling to London and have to keep an eye on tje price.	
Jul 3 2006	Adequate and Clean...Good Value!	This hotel is in a fabulous location opposite a private residents only green. It has a real &quot;Cherry Tree Lane&quot; (Mary Poppins!) feel about the road. When we arrived we found out that the twin room that my mother and I had booked was unavailable due to a water leak and we had to share a double room! Luckily being mother and daughter it wasn't too much of a problem but could have caused a disaster! In the hotels defence we were offered a transfer to another hotel for the twin room we ordered but after travelling we couldn't be bothered.The room was quite small and the only furniture was a wardrobe, bed side cabinet and bed. The bed was comfortable. There were two small windows overlooking...well not much really! There was a small hairdryer but no tea making facilities and there was no where to buy any refreshments so for us this was quite a big problem as it was 31 degrees for our two day stay.The shower was adequate but the sink was tiny! The curtain rail fell off when my mother opened the curtains but the company fixed it very quickly.The breakfast was quite strange either fried egg or srambled egg on toast..but it was tiny! Even my mum and I were hungry so it wouldn't fill an average size man!!All in all a comfortable stay in clean surroundings...good value for money although wouldn't ike to stay for longer than two nights.	
May 29 2006	Nice place to stay in	Location is excellent, rooms are nice and clean, staff friendly and helpful, we stayed for 7 nights and enjoyed our stay. Nice place to stay for long time. Breakfast is continental which can be improved but i think its worth the price we paid...... i will stay at the same hotel next time......	
Jun 20 2005	Where not to stay in London	This is no 3-star hotel - trust me on this. The single bedrooms are extremely cramped and the TV is practically in your face. They have about 17 rooms in a place that can't support more than 8 max! Plus, their service is terrible - they pulled a fast one on me by charging me extra days when I checked out early - never happened before!	
Oct 18 2009 	perfecto para un par de noches		
Sep 15 2009 	soddisfatto		
May 5 2009	schmutzig und ungepflegt		
Nov 24 2008 	orrido è dir poco		
Apr 9 2008 	Bien para dormir solamente.		
