Oct 5 2009 	Excellent service for London (South) it's great!	I booked this place because it's walking distance to Ministry of Sound and a short cab ride to Mass in Brixton.Upon arrival we found the staff at the front desk to be *extremely helpful*, we got a room on the 2nd floor, but that was fine as the staff helped us with our bags.No lift at this hotel.In terms of the room appointment, it was compact and very clean. There was hot water on all the time in the shower and all the other facilities in the room were fine.I have noticed plenty of complaints on here, but I am a very picky person and found no reasons to moan. If we had any problems they were dealt with quickly and the front desk's staff were friendly, efficient and very professional.All in all, I'd suggest this place to anyone who wants a simple place to sleep. At the bottom of the road are some very good places to eat (Mama Thai is fantastic) and Elephant and Castle tube is only a five minute walk. It's South London and you feel like you are in the middle of the action. This was a great find. Oh, always book online for the best prices.	
Jan 5 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	There's nothing to whine about with this Hotel, you get what you pay for. My partner, her son and myself stayed here from 30th Dec 08 - 1st Jan 09 for the New Year Fireworks on the South Bank.The Hotel is basic, but comfortable, nice friendly staff, we had a family room which was suitable for our needs, and I don't see the point in paying over the odds for what is more or less a shower and a sleep.The area is a little rough on the edges, but don't let that put you off, we didn't have any problems at all. The Elephant and Castle Tube Station is only 10 minutes walk away, and if you cross the road by the Library on Walworth Road, you don't need to go into the underpasses, which I'm warey of at the best of times.Overall a nice and clean Hotel, and we would stay here again if needed.	
Nov 29 2008 	Not impressed ended up getting the train home instead.	Our general perspectives on a hotel is that it is just a place to sleep and we are not worried about the condition generally. . . However, on arrival the staff were very polite, We were not put off by the area as the tube was close and we were able to walk quickly to and from the hotel. The hotel room was clean, the bathroom however left a lot to be desried. We arrived back at 23.00 and went to bed, at 23.30 new guests were brought in and began to have a party. At 00.30 we decided to go and try to be moved, no luck, the chap at the front of the desk had a word so then the guests turned up the volume. The paper walls were letting every sound through, radio, talking, hair dryer!!!, doors banging. We decided that the last train out of London at 1.05 in the morning was a better option. The hotel offered 15% off our next stay!! I don't think we will be going back.	
Jul 16 2008	Indifferent	The hotel all in all was OK, the room was clean but the shower was terrible it has go down as the smallest shower cubicle ever. However the hotel as I said is ok and for a cheap night close to London you can't complain. The staff seemed friendly enough and where helpful when we required assistant. However the area of Elephant &amp; Castle is by no where near a place I would happily walk around of a night or of a day in fact. We used taxi to ship us to and from the hotel, one big tip don't use private hire cabs, there a rip off they make up the prices as they go along use black cabs so you can at least watch the meter.The hotel OK but the area is not. I won't ever go back in that hotel or area.	
Apr 21 2008 	Exactly what we needed	We came to London on a hen weekend and couldnt find somewhere to accomodate all of us so we came to our 3rd choice, the Eurotraveller, Amelia St. It turned out to have everything we needed, friendly staff, clean rooms, karaoke in the bar, a bus ride away from all the bars and clubs from west end and a fantastic breakfast in the morning.	
Feb 5 2008	What a DUMP.	We had paid for our stay by credit card via the internet. When we arrived at the 'hotel' I was given Paperwork to sign. I wasn't impressed when I saw my full credit card details, expiry date and my 3 digit code on the form. Then I was asked to sign below them. This I believe is unacceptable as fraudulent activities can occur, the credit card number should only show the last few digits! We quickly got ready and headed down to the bar, only to be told the bar is closed.......Permanently!! I asked why they advertise this facility on their website if it doesn't exist, the response I received was that they will eventually get around to changing it.....again, I didn't think this was acceptable. The continental Breakfast costs £8, but only consists of cornflakes &amp; toast. Value for money....I think not.Possibly a safe hotel as it's opposite a police station, but you'll hear the squad cars leaving throughout the night, with their sirens blaring....peaceful, I think not.And finally, a great place if you're a train spotter.....you'll hear them passing throughout the night and morning, the railway line is metres away!!I will NEVER return.	
Oct 17 2007 	The second worst hotel of my life	If you like a hotel where you can touch facing walls at the same time, experience the thrill of passing trains 30m from your window, hear conversations in a room two doors away, enjoy personal attention in a sad, underground breakfast room where you are the only person eating, and do your bit for the planet by using one tiny bar of soap for 3 days, then this is the place for you.(If you like all the above plus you have a penchant for mosquitos then I can recommend a hotel right next to the train station in Bordeaux.)Do not even think about taking your wife or girlfriend here unless you are looking for a way out of your relationship.	
Oct 8 2007 	Dissappointing	I can only agree with the prevoius poor review from &quot;HardToTravelLight&quot; with the quality and cleanliness of the bathroom being my main concern.The decor generally was ok and the beds were comfortable (if lacking in pillows) but the bathroom was another matter. It was not tiled but boarded in plastic with mouldy corners and a generaly unloved feel.I also ventured to the basement bar within the hotel but it was not welcoming with a large TV screen, no beer on draft and only Corona in bottles.In the morning I opted out of the £7.99 per person Continental in favour of MacDonald's which is just a short walk away.On the plus side the hotel does have good bus links but if you are visiting London as a tourist I can think of 101 better places to stay.	
Jun 21 2007 	Loved the Hotel	Modern Facilities such as wireless access to the internet, which was convient as I had bought my laptop. The staff were really friendly and provided recommendations for site seeing and travelling around the London. Central London was only a 10 minute bus ride or cab ride away too all the major attractions, such as the London eye, Oxford street, Houses of Parliament, etc... Rooms were nice, with full on-suite, Tv (sat/cable), tea and coffee making facilities and more. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Express by Eurotraveller Hotel and recommend the Hotel.	
Apr 11 2007	What a Dump	We decided on the Eurotraveller for 3 reasons:1) Wireless Internet2) Price3) BathtubThis place was a nightmare. The Eurotraveller is in the Elephant Castle neighborhood of London--it's a rough neighborhood but we were forewarned that it wasn't Kensington. There are no decent restaurantsin the neighborhood --it's a rough area. The hotel is small, the rooms are very very small and the beds are so lumpy that the back pain was excruciating. We are talking 20 year old mattresses. The TV is a whopping 13 inch older unit. The bathroom cabinet was missing the doors. There is no closet or dresser. The walls are so thin you can hear snoring through them not to mention any other activities. If another room has their windows open and the people are talking they may as well be in your room--but don't count on them speaking English since it seems to be a favorite haunt for foreigners also seeking a bargain. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone ever. If you need WiFi, keep looking or settle for a better neighborhood (the Brewers Inn perhaps in Putney) that is sure to have Internet Cafe's closeby. We spent an agonizong four days there and regretted it from the moment we checked in. Unfortunately, with the cancellation policy of 72 hours, we were locked in and stuck!!!	
Mar 13 2007 	Eurotraveller Hotel - Brilliant	The hotel location was convenient, as it was close to the city. Therewere a number of buses running to and from the city + there is an underground station (5mins form the hotel). The room was, excellent,comfortable and had modern facilities such as on-suite, Tv (satalite &amp; cable), wireless internet, tea/coffee facilities and more. The staff were friendly and were available 24hrs. Prices were excellent, £79 for a double room. There are a large number of restaurants and takeaways available nearby and a shopping areas. Overall I enjoyed my stay at Eurotraveller Hotel and will definitely be going back.	
