Nov 20 2009 	Small but perfectly formed!	After reading reviews on here, i decided on this hotel due toits proximity to the tube station and the Royal Albert Hall. It was about two minutes to the tube and only two stops to the Albert Hall. I was aware from the reviews previously read that the room would be small. And it was, it was the smallest room i have ever stayed and coincidently reached by usuing the smallest lift. Everything was spotlessly clean and there was everything there that you could need. Shower was rubbish for me as it was not on a riser and was very high up on the wall, but ok for hubby who is 6ft 3. Breakfast was taken in a small room but the choice was absolutely fine. Fruit, cereal, juice, croissants, toast, yoghurt, cheese, bottled water, tea, coffee, hot selection with everything but bacon. Got the room for 92 pounds including breakfast for a double on the link from this site to Octopus. Interestingly was much more expensive if navigated straight to Octopus or tried to book direct. Would definately choose again for a short trip.	
Nov 17 2009 	clean tidy very helpful friendly	stayed here for two nights very nice room plenty of toiletries and towels very friendly staff clean throughout breakfast nice toovery close to tube station 2 mins quiet area	
Nov 13 2009 	Great hotel outstanding staff	I just had the pleasure to stay in The Boltons on a quick trip to London and was pleasantly surprised, especially with the outstanding staff. The front desk/reception was exceptionally courteous and helpful, their service attitude would stand out even in a 5-star hotel. The hotel is conveniently located near Earls Court, feels like new, very quiet, breakfast is good quality,.I will come back to The Boltons on my next visit.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good hotel excellent location	The hotel has I think been recently refurbished as there was a slight paint smell in the lobby. The room was fine, compact and clean. I liked the location as it was near Earls Court Road Underground Station you come out at the Earls Court Road exit turn right, turn right again and on the left is the hotel around 3 minute walk but in a quiet street. Breakfast was good with a full English and cereal and fruit available. Polite staff as well.	
Nov 1 2009 	1st choice in earl's court	Small but very clean hotel,with a bussines atmosphere,rooms were a bit small but the were fantastic and very clean,deserves the 4star tab.Plus the great breakfast buffet.	
Oct 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - great price- good location	This was our first trip to England and we found Best Western The Boltons after extensive internet searches. We found the hotel to be very nice and were pleasantly surprised with the quality and pricing of the accommodation.We &quot;prepaid&quot; our reservation including breakfast and were not disappointed. The process was efficient and confirmation was quick through the Best Western system.The room was very comfortable providing very nice bedding, central air-heating, a fresh appearance, extremely clean and included amenities such as flat screen TV and internet access. By London standards, the room was certainly of adequate size and functional. The bath is somewhat compact, but I am a relatively large man and had no difficulties taking full advantage of all the amenities.Breakfast included quite a selection from both cold and hot selections. Breakfast selections were complete including eggs, meat, potatoes, breads, bakery items, cheeses, cereals, dairy items and juices - quite complete.Getting around London was easy from this hotel is located in the Earls Court area and the &quot;tube&quot; station is one short block away. (Get the Oyster card for public transport - very cost effective and easy to use).Lots of London restaurants provide almost any type of food. If you like Thai, try the Blue Elephant - only 2 tube stops from the hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great in its class nicely located	This hotel is conveniently situated around the corner from subway station Earl's Court, which connects to two of the major Underground routes that take you to all the sights and sees in London.Located on a sidestreet of the always lively Earl's Court Road, this hotel offers a gateway to a multitude of restaurants and shops in the immediate area, whilst also offering acces to the quiet and idyllic neigbourhoods of Chelsea and Kensington.Really, the location could not be more perfect.The hotel itself is a small hotel, and everything apart from the bed is indeed a size smaller: the lift, the rooms, the breakfast room, et cetera. I feel the best comparison to be made is that of a boutique hotel: everything is there, but dimensions are squeezed to the minumum. Next time we visit London, we will definitely rebook at this hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location comfortable but small rooms	I knew the rooms were small but thank goodness there was only a double available when I booked, even though I was on my own. I am not sure how the other person would have got in and out of bed, save for crawling under the TV or climbing over the bed. I don't think that a very large person would have managed in the shower either. That said, I spent 4 very pleasant nights there; the room was clean, the bed very comfortable and I had everything I needed: free high-speed Internet, tea and coffee on tap, an ironing board on request and lots of TV channels to choose from. Reception staff were friendly and helpful and supplied me with a European adaptor for a £5 deposit. I was on the 2nd floor and not disturbed by traffic but I believe that the lower floors can be a little noisy. Ask for a higher floor when you book. One big gripe I often have is hearing people in other rooms, bathroooms, etc but this was not the case here and I could not hear anyone at all. The location is superb, just 2 minutes walk to Earls Court tube station. Plenty of restaurants and shops in the area and an easy walk to High Street Kensington. Breakfast was not included so I did not bother. One thing I found very odd was that the room service menu only had Indian and Chinese dishes with no exception. A sandwich, soup or dessert option would have been nice. it is hard to rate the rooms and value given that I was a single person in a double room. As mentioned, it was very comfortable for one but I paid for the priviledge but I have given them the benefit of the doubt with my scoring.	
Sep 14 2009 	Smallest rooms I have ever seen. Rude staff. Great location.	I booked a King executive room and made the booking over the phone. I checked several times over that it was a king bed and he confirmed it was. When I arrived, I found it to be barely a twin size bed. I spoke to the front desk, who was the man I made the reservation with and he informed me that its what a &quot;Best Western&quot; king is and that is what a king is in London. I have stayed in many hotels in London and never had a king like that. The rooom was nicely appointed but absolutely tiny. Great location but all the staff at the front desk were incredibly rude and unhelpful.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location clean and very good value for money	Stayed in this hotel on a weekend break (Valentine's weekend) this year. Hotel is really close to Earl's Court tube station, situated in a quiet street off the main road. Booked through booking.com, great value for money. Desk staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were on the small side but ended up with a 'family' room for 2 of us with a double bed, single bed and a nice sized bathroom. The lift wasn't working when we were there so it was a bit of a struggle up the tiny winding staircase with suitcases but wasn't a big problem.Only 2 downsides: The walls are very thin and in the morning I woke thinking that water was running down the walls next to my bed as someone was showering above!Secondly, the breakfast room is very small so it's a bit of a squeeze but the food is varied and plentiful.If I could get this hotel for a similar price again, I'd definitely stay here due to cleanliness and convenient location for sightseeing and shopping. :-)	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Clean Hotel	Just back from a stay at the BW Boltan's hotel, the hotel is very clean which to me is very important. The rooms are a little small but then again you don't go to London to sit in your hotel room all day. The hotel is very close to Earls Court station so handy for getting around London. Some pubs, restaurants and fast food takeaways just at the top of the road too. Rooms are all very modern with flat screen tv's etc and the street the hotel is based on is very quiet so not much noise at night and you can get a good nights sleep. Would stay here again when next in London as it was a reasonable price also.	
Aug 15 2009 	great location great little hotel	stayed here for 4 nights great location for the national history and the v and a museums all within walking distance superb italian and french restaurants along with pubs and the usual fast food outlets all within 2 minutes walk hotel small but well appointed very clean friendly staff plenty to eat for breakfast nice and quite hotel good nights sleep in a quite street.	
Aug 9 2009 	Very nice	Clean, good location, helpful staff. Highly recommended.	
Jul 21 2009 	Wow that's awfully small room!	We knew from Trip Advisor that it would be on the small side, but since 1800Hotels said we'd get a queen or king sized bed, we thought it would be OK. 1800Hotels was wrong! There are no queen or king sized beds in this hotel according to the manager. We were on the LG basement floor in one of their &quot;bigger&quot; rooms. We couldn't get us and our two bags in the elevator. We've never seen such a small room. There were two 5' x 4' foot spots to stand plus a smaller space in the bathroom. The double bed was crammed against the wall. There was a window that led to a shaft of light.On the plus side, everything was like new and was crystal clean. The price was a bargin, the breakfast was excellent and the location was perfect.	
Jul 16 2009 	This was more like a dungeon than a hotel room	I booked this hotel for the weekend after a conference in Brighton. I called from Brighton and asked which train to take. Reception did not know &amp; did not offer to find out. The directions they gave me from the tube stop were wrong (suggesting a left turn, instead of right). My room was a tiny claustrophobic basement room with one small window onto a small air shaft. Although the room was very clean it was very dungeonlike and unpleasant.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed for 3 nights in twinroom LG09 (basement). Absolutely loved it! Room wasn't huge, but had no problems with that. Enough storagespace (closet, nightstand with drawers, drawer in desk). Bathroom was a bit on the small side but well equiped, great shower! Staff was really friendly, we had brought our luggage in the morning and checked in at the end of the afternoon, this was no problem. Free wireless worked perfectly! If I ever go to London again, I will stay here!	
Jul 13 2009 	Too Small Room!	Room 111, probably 18m2 including everything (bathroom, bedroom and wardrobe). No space for luggage at all. Bathroom is minimal. Bedroom is very noisy, I could hear everything from the neighbor room and the doors from others rooms snapped all day and night long. The elevator is so so so small that we couldn't accommodate our luggage. To be fair they have good breakfast, fine staff, cleanness, beautiful decoration and the free wireless worked well... just don't be mislead by the pictures, and if you are more than one person, forget it.	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect location	The hotel is located in a quiet road just a short walk from Earls Court underground. It is close to M&amp;S Food, Boots and lots of little resturants and bakeries. The staff are very friendly and helpful.The rooms are a bit small - normal for London, but they are modern and well thought out so it works. The bathroom is tiny - but again, they have worked well with what they have and the fixtures and fittings are new and very clean.Two little problems. In the mornings sleeping past 7:30 is impossible as there are loud banging room and fire doors. The hotel has wireless access but no computer with internet access - useless for leisure travellers without their won computer	
Jun 25 2009 	Great experience	Stayed in the hotel for four days with my daughter. We loved it. Hotel is beautifully decorated, clean, modern. Staff very helpful and friendly. It is close to the Earl s Court station, and parallel street has all convenient stores, pharmacy, M and S food store, post office, bank, exchange office etc. and the street itself (Pennywern) is very quiet. Great stay.	
May 27 2009 	Nice and clean	Stayed in a single room - very clean, room was very small, but everything was in the right place and consequnetly it worked. One thing was that in the morning there was a lot of slamming of doors as the doors are the heavy firedoor ones. Reception was fine, really close to Earl's Court station and a couple of good pubs witrh decent food nearby. Breakfast was a bit cold by the time I got down as well (8.20).	
May 21 2009 	Perfect Option if you wish to be near Earl's Court	I stayed here for a week during the time of the London Bookfair in mid-April and couldn't have been more satisfied. My positive experience began some days before my arrival, as I needed to ship a good number of boxes in anticipation of the bookfair. I had phoned about a week before my arrival and discussed with the sublime &quot;Andrea&quot; that I would be shipping the boxes and she could not have been sweeter and more understanding. Prior to my visit and even during my visit she took the time and effort to email me to alert me of the arrival of each of the boxes, a level of service and consideration that I simply could not have expected and I'm not sure would be duplicated by any hotel at any price.The property itself has obviously been recently renovated and from lobby to stairway to the rooms, the glow is apparent. As an annual vistor to London for many years, I know the hotel situation quite well and I must say that the room was actually relatively spacious. As many of you know, that's not saying much by London standards but in any case, the room was absolutely more than I anticipated, in both size and finish. The shower could have been designed a little better, as it was impossible to not get the floor wet and the bathroom sink was too modern for its own good, but these are really nitpicky points. The bed was really comfortable and the sheets really seemed clean, and I am very sensitive to these points. The free wireless internet worked flawlessly, though the daily change of password was a bit of a pain but understandable from the hotel's perspective. What also struck me is also how nice all the front desk staff are, not just Andrea but everybody is sweet and genuinely happy to be working there, from all appearances. Even the typically grouchy night desk fellow was friendly and didn't grumble at all when i would come and go late at night. All in all, a resoundingly positive experience, made all the better by Andrea's kindness and consideration and a facility that's clean, well-designed (except for shower and bathroom sink...) and extremely well-maintained. I can't imagine doing better in the Earl's Court area at even double the price. I'll see you again next year, Boltons....	
May 19 2009 	If only there were hotels like this in Paris	It was a pleasant 4-night stay. Modern, refurbished and with Wi-Fi. With a last minute discount, the value was good for a 4 star. I was in the basement, but it barely showed except no view although a window. The room was a bit cramped, but its particular layout helped. I suggest that you specifically ask to avoid basement, because you might then be under the room in which they serve breakfast. BTW, the food was very good.	
May 13 2009 	Absolutely perfect!!!	I have just spent 9 days in The Boltons and have only good things to say about this great hotel. The staff were all friendly, the room was spotless, modern and a nice flat screen tv and free wifi - a bonus. It's so easy to use the bus as well as the tube- both just down the road. Use London Transport site for routes and get an Oyster ticket if you are staying for more than one day - it's good for tube and bus use and cheaper. The C1 bus goes direct to Victoria Coach Station if you need it.I was sick while there and the staff rang me several times to see if I needed anything and to see if I was ok - most hotels don't even know your name once you have booked in. I loved this place and will definitely stay here again when I visit England.I had a king bed room and a friend who stayed several nights had a double. The rooms are not huge but we were both more than happy with the space and the price for such nice clean, modern rooms. I was on my own and at no time felt insecure so ideal for single travellers. Marks and Spencer Food is down on the corner too - a bonus!! If you need anything not in the room just ask as they are more than happy to oblige.The bus down the road goes direct to several museums. Also bus to the new Westfield Shopping Centre from Warwick Road end of Penywern Road. Earls Court Rd is one way so you come back via the Warwick Road end of Penywern. The hotel sits pretty much in the middle of the two roads so is very handy.	
May 7 2009 	Perfectly packaged little hotel	Having booked a hotel for my 12 year old daughter and myself as a 'base' for our London weekend we were delighted with this hotel. Literally around the corner from the handy Earls Court tube station and set in a beautiful Avenue off a bustling little road with an M&amp;S, Boots, Subway local pubs and restaurants etc on it - the location couldn't have been better. The newly refurbished hotel is 'compact but bijou' as they say. Grown men might have trouble fitting into the little lift and quadrant shower cubicle but ladies couldn't pick a friendlier or safer hotel. There is no bar or restaurant just a little breakfast room but the waitress when she noticed my daughter insisted she have hot chocolate with her breakfast and went into the kitchen to organise it herself.	
May 4 2009 	nice little hotel	stayed for 4 nights , the hotel is small with small rooms and a business look but it is clean and recently restored. No complaints but not great hotel either.Overall Small beds, beautiful decor, nice breakfast, good location.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Location	We stayed here back in February for four nights. It was a fantastic find - we got a great deal on [--]. The hotel has recently been redecorated and the decor is fresh and stylish. The hotel was located two minutes walk from Earlscourt station which allowed for easy access all over London. There were plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.The hotel is located off the main road and was peacefully quiet night and day!The room was cleaned daily but it was VERY small. It had a wardrobe, desk, safe and flat screen tv.We booked a twin room and I was very glad that we did as I think that other reviewers on various websites had mentioned that the doubles are very small. The beds weren't the most comfortable - very soft.I would highly recommend the hotel for budget conscious travellers - great location for all the activities London has to offer.	
Mar 14 2009 	perfect for lone travellers	What a lovely hotel.My friendt and I treated purselves to a last minute weekend away and booked out hotel through laterooms.com which is the best website for booking hotels.The hotel itself is only 2 mins walk from Earls Court transtation and is in the perfect location for exploring London.The hotel has around 50 rooms and is fairly small but the staff are very friendly and helpul. We paid 150 for both of us for 2 nights which is very reaonable for london and had breakfast included.The hotel is recently refurbished and in excellent condition. The rooms were so so small though- I have never had a hotel room as small as this but however they were in perfect condition and beautifly decorated. it would be perfect for lone travellers or people who dont mind getting a bit cosy!Tea and coffee making facilities provided and our room was even cleaned in our 2 night stay!Best shower I have ever had and the usual shampoo, conditioner and towels etc were provided.Breakfast was buffet style and very good. Continental or full english and set us up for the whole day!Plenty of places near by to eat too and not too expensiveOverall I thought this was a very good hotel and would stay here again	
Feb 28 2009 	Almost an unpleasant experience but saved by Ms Lovelah@the frontdesk	My wife booked a room online for GBP68 a night. We took a look at the photos online and we thought &quot;hey, that looks alright, quite nice actually!&quot; And so it was. AFter a 13hr flt from Singapore, we checked in to a room that was an underground dungeon! It was THE SMALLEST ROOM I HAVE EVER STAYED IN in MY LIFE!! Refer to the uploaded photos. So we went back up and asked the front desk staff at that time, an unshaven gentleman (but still very tidy, well-spoken, polite and helped us with our luggage, Thank you very much), and asked him if we could have a change of rooms for the following reasons - I was claustrophobic and because we were there for a tradeshow and had a clothes rack, samples, catalogues etc, way too many things to keep in a dungeon. Our suitcase was behind the front door mind you coz there was no where else we could lie it down. To which his reply was - All the rooms were fully booked and that he would get back to us. Then i asked if all the rooms were that small and he said &quot;Yes - The rooms are all of about the same size.&quot; So i went back to my dungeon and took a look at the fire escape plan on the back of the door and exclaimed &quot;BOLLOCKS!!&quot; we got the smallest room in LONDON!! And so i asked my wife if there were different classes or price ranges for the rooms and she said there weren't. And checking back, the dungeon was not featured at all on their website to at least prep potential customers that hey, you could be &quot;doing time&quot; when you get here, but depending on your luck. But shame on that guy for lying to us by telling us they were all about the same size! SHAME ON YOU!! And even after i tell you that i am claustrophobic and you say that you will get back to me, and leave us without a reply! (He wasnt at the desk for the next 2 days)Then comes our heroine - After spending a sleepless night, mostly looking out the window (which faced a wall fyi), we went back to the front desk after breakfast where i stepped out for a smoke and (because of my temper) left my wife to ask for a bigger room. This time it was Miss Lovelah behind the desk! A fresh face and warm smile - a true heart-warmer on a cold cold morning. Once again, she said she sympathised with us but they were fully booked, but would find a solution. SO again we trudged back to our dungeon. WIthin minutes,a call came in and lo and behold, The Lovely Ms Lovelah transferred us to a &quot;deluxe room&quot; over looking the street. It made the remaining 2 nights A LOT BETTER, and the main reason, why i would recommend this hotel to anyone going to London. But, do state under remarks when you are booking the room that you do not want to be incarcerated in any dungeons below.Overall, the hotel, even the dungeon, was very clean, very new, very well-kept and done up. (My wife actually felt the dungeon was cozy). I found myself respecting the No-smoking rule and smoked outdoors becuase it was so clean and hey, i thought everyone is making a collective effort to maintain this, so i shant be the black sheep. I used the kettles in the hotel (which i normally wouldn't even think of) to make tea and checked my mail with the free Wi-fi. Good Job with the free internet usage!Breakfast was pretty ok i thought. Simple, standard english breakfast in a cozy little cafe.The staff, in general were very friendly (even the gentleman who left us in a lurch) no matter what time it was (i went out for a smoke at like 3 in the morning and was greeted by a smiling gentleman behind the desk) but Miss Lovelah, she truly made the difference to my first experience in London! Kudos to you Lovelah! If i ever go back to London, I'll definitely head back to Best Western, The Boltons Hotel @ Earl's Court!	
Feb 18 2009 	Good Value for Money	I booked a Sunday night via Laterooms.com for £65 (Feb 2009), which was far cheaper than the £150-or-so per night on the hotels own website. For £65 the room was fantastic value for money, but had I have paid the full Best Western price I would have been very disappointed. The room was very tastefully decorated and modern, but incredibly small. The double bed was pushed up against the wall with only one way into it. There was a small bedside shelf big enough for a cup and the hotel phone. There was a wall mounted flatscreen TV with all the major Freeview channels at the end of the bed, so you have to lie on the bed to watch TV (but I have no problem with that!!). Coffee/Tea/Hot chocolate facilities supplied but no mini-fridge. There was a small but workable toilet/shower room which was clean and very smart/modern. The room was climate controlled, but the shower room wasn't and it did get a little cold. There was a buffet-style breakfast which was included in the price - and this consisted of cereals, yoghurts, fruits, toast, croissants, sausages, scrambled eggs, hash browns, mushrooms and beans. Tea, Coffee, and juice was also included. The cooked breakfast wasn't fantastic in terms of the quality, but it was perfectly adequate. The staff seemed very friendly and the service was perfect. The rooms were very clean and well stocked. Wired and wireless internet was included free of charge.The location was ideal. Three minute walk to Earl's Court tube station, and a short ride into central London. There were regular bus routes as well along Earl's Court Road. There are plenty of places to eat in strolling distance - everything from Burger King through to Subway, pubs, KFC and restaurants. All very reasonably priced.I would definately stay here again if I could find a similar deal but I think I would try elsewhere if I had to pay any more than £100/night (I have stayed in Travelodge hotels which are much roomier).	
Feb 12 2009 	a little gem	this hotel is in an ideal position just a short walk from the earls court tube the room no205 we stayed in was very bright ,clean and the decor very nice the only complaint being the room was very small for a double room . breakfast room was small only 8 tables in total but very nice everybodys taste cooked,continental the lift still not working for the price we payed £63.50 per night inc breakfast booked @ laterooms.com i think it was very good value for london and would stay again	
Feb 10 2009 	bolt hole from Earls Court Expo	I am always really nervous when booking accomodation in london, because you never know what you are going to get for your money!Traveling to Earls Court alone, to man an exhibition stand is very hard work and can be lonely, so a nice room with a lovely bed, decor, flat screen TV and inclusive Wifi + breakfast all for the excellent price of £65!!! is very warmly welcomed.I really loved the room, and bathroom and the breakfast was great and the staff lovely.I would reccomend to anyone traveling alone on business in this area of London.	
Feb 10 2009 	Almost perfect	I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of February and managed to get it for 67.50 a night which included breakfast. Overall I was very impressed with the hotel, the room was lovely with modern furnishings, a flat screen tv and a nice roomy shower. I had a few minor problems:- The check in desk assigned me room 108 initially but then they realised there was somebody in it and changed me to 109 so that could have potentially proved problematic! When I got to my room, there were indeed 2 people coming out of 108 so i'm glad he realised in time.- Also, the lift isn't working at the moment (does say on the website) but as I was only on the 1st floor that didn't bother me at all but it's worth noting in case you get a high floor- Another thing was a strange noise coming from the fan in my room which kept me up most of the first night! I couldn't work out what it was and it probably wouldn't affect you if you are not a light sleeper, ear plugs sorted me out!!Overall, I liked the hotel; the internet access in the room was good, the breakfast was lovely, the location was perfect and I felt very safe coming back late at night. I would stay here again no problem!!	
Feb 4 2009 	A new clean good value hotel with a few teething problems.	We booked a Double room at this brand new Best Western Hotel for three nights on Laterooms.com for £75 a night inclding breakfast. The hotel is on a quiet road 3 mins. walk from Earls court Tube station which means easy access on the Picadilly line to Knightsbridge, and the West End of London. We checked into room 305 at 1pm which was tastefully furnished and airconditioned with a flat screen T.V. Breakfast was fine with both hot and cold options which was ideal to keep us going well through the day. Even the coffee was good. Generally we were very happy with the quality of the hotel and we thought it was excellent value for money. However we stayed for three nights and the elevator didn't work at all while we were there, also the airconditioning/heating packed in on sunday night, but was working again on our floor on Monday night. The position of the toilet in our bathroom was somewhat unfortunate too, as it was so close to the towel rail that we had to sit sideways on it to avoid getting fried. All in all we felt we got a really good deal at £75.I'm not sure if I would have felt the same if we had paid the Best Western website rate of £125, which claimed (falsely) to be the cheapest on the internet for the same room for the same 3 nights and despite their internet promises refused to honour the laterooms rate that we ended up booking.	
Feb 4 2009 	Parfait et bien situe		
Oct 12 2009 	Desilusion		
Sep 27 2009	Posizione ottima camera pulita e confortevole		
Sep 17 2009 	Pequeño limpio y bien ubicado		
Aug 11 2009 	Buen hotel pero poco céntrico		
Apr 8 2009 	??????????		
Apr 1 2009 	consigliato		
Mar 8 2009	klein aber fein		
