Nov 23 2009 	Small but cozy	I'd recommend this hotel if you want something conveniently priced and located. I went there based on the reviews of this site, so I felt confident that I was getting a good deal. I was right.The rooms are cozy and modern. It being London for about 100 quid a night (or less), this fits the bill well. The rooms don't leave much for walking around in. And, I wouldn't want to use the toilet if I were over 6'3&quot; or 225 pounds. But, for us average-sized people, it's a cozy place to hang out and hang your head. It's probably most appropriate as a nice base for going out on the town and needing a comfy bed and modern amenities. Although, my girlfriend did not like their shampoo and the bathroom soap can dry your face. Not to worry though b/c there's a Tesco's across the street. Their restaurant, Rafkins, have good service, although it took 15 minutes to get my breakfast sandwich out of the kitchen.You may need to order some food b/c the continental breakfast is on the light side. And their coffee is paper thin, but hey Starbux is across the street, too.It's a good corner of London to spread some money around for comforts as you do it up in town!	
Nov 23 2009 	a very cozy boutique hotel	I stayed here for a weekend at the end of November despite some of the reviews I read on here, not that they were all bad but I got the impression the bad press may have been mainly start up problems and I can say that I had a very pleasant stay. The room was exactly like the pictures on there website, very chic, clean and comfortable with all mod cons, it was abit on the small side (the bed was definiely a standard size - with a lovely feather quilt), theres no denying that, but it did the job, this may have been a problem if you were there for a week but for a weekend break where we planned on spending pretty much every waking hour out in London the room was absolutely fine. It didnt have a window either but I'd say this was actually a plus, as unless you're somewhere really really nice in London the view out of a hotel window isn't going to be anything special and it meant that there was no outside noise and we slept comfortably in a very dark room, they have air con in these rooms to replace the lack of fresh air and it worked fine. Its essentially opposite a train station too which is 5 mins from Euston so its easy to get everywhere. All in all a great stay and will be visiting again.Amber	
Nov 18 2009 	Customer service	I stayed in the hotel Maitrise in London for four nights. I arrived from the US at about 10:30 in the morning. I asked whether I could have access to my room. I was told that it was the hotel policy that access not be allowed until 2 PM, unless I was willing to pay 40 pounds more. I of course refused, left, and did not return until the evening. At that time, the people on the desk had changed. I asked about this so called 'policy', and was told there was no such policy. I requested that they inform the morning desk clerk. In general, the staff was unhelpful and, in the case of one person, completely either misinformed or untruthful. On the plus side, the rooms were clean.	
Nov 4 2009 	Well situated good rates and profesional staff	The hotel is situated in area 2 close to the center.Just in from of the hotel there is a bus stop, where i use to take the number 98 to go to Oxford Circus, from there i could arrive to anywhere.It´s just took me 20min to arrive by bus but of course always depending on the traffic.Also there is a metro station just 5 min walking from the hotel...So it was good conected.Great food at the restaurant,i liked the open kitchen, clean a tidy.Good and profesional service.I could find the room pretty sweet,confortable and modern with all the necessary facilities to feel at home, good bed by the way!Great customer service.Definitly i will come back! :)	
Nov 1 2009 	OK but....	My partner organised our one night trip for my birthday. I must say the hotel is pretty impressive when first entering. We stayed in an executive suite on the 4th floor. We took the elevator to our floor, but when the doors opened we were greeted by a lot of mess and rubbish where the rooms were being cleaned. The room itself was very clean and neat but VERY VERY small. I don't know what was so 'executive' about it, but I dread to think of how big a standard room is. The bathroom was again tiny, but had everything you needed, however we were very disappointed that the heated towel rail didn't work. I had quite possibly the worst night's sleep ever, even after consuming a botel of wine! The room was absolutely BOILING! I think we were next to the boiler for the whole hotel because it was also extremely noisy. The bed was not a standard double, it was more like a large single, and it was very hard. We were also awoken at 5.50am by the ipod/radio/alarm. We did have great trip; Kilburn Park tube station is literally 2 minutes away, but the hotel was very out of the way of everything the city has to offer.	
Oct 30 2009 	Charming hotel handy links.	Booked here with some trepidation after looking at reviews. We were going to a concert at Wembley. This is easily accessed from Kilburn Park Underground and Kilburn High road overground. Tesco metro (7am-11pm) across the road, plenty of other shops and restaurant/take-aways around. Check-in may seem a little impersonal, but is just a cultural thing. Hotel is generally clean and tidy. Our room, although compact, was very comfortable with good quality fittings and fixtures. Double glazed windows did the job of blotting out noise from the high street. Air con kept the room warm in October, when we went. Didn't hear any noise from the bar, it was Saturday and there was a DJ. Inclusive breakfast was plentiful and fresh, some guests had the cooked breakfast which looked like a childs portion and nouvelle cuisine. Overall a good one night stay for us and would recommend.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not good avoid this place	Very small room with no windows - worse than a prison cell!TV didn't work - took them an hour to come and try to mend it which they couldn'tOrdered an iron and ironing board, waited another hour and ended up going and get it myselfIts not in Maida Vale its in Kilburn - on Kilburn High RoadDon't be taken in by the pretty pictures on the website	
Oct 14 2009 	very good and a very pleasant suprise	Excellent budget hotel in great location with lovely boutique style and very helpful and attentive staff.This hotel was a one night stop over in London re a work committment but I have to say I will be backRooms are clean, modern and very comfortable, the bed was very comfortable and the free wifi and the falt screen tv a real bonus.Continental breakfast was OK as it came with the rate but perhaps some attention is needed herOverall very good	
Oct 6 2009 	Beautiful Boutique Hotel	We stayed here for 1 night as we were going to a restaurant in Mayfair. The hotel reception is lovely and the staff were very friendly. The room is not the largest I've ever stayed in but it was perfect for our stay. Decor was nice and so was the bathroom.The bar downstairs was very lively but we couldn't hear any of the noise in our room.The tube is a short 3 min walk away.I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to friends.	
Sep 25 2009 	A boutique experience on a recession budget	Having booked a last minute trip to London, I found the Quality Maitrise Hotel to be well in my budget. As an American I was familiar with the budget Quality Hotel group, but I must say this is a hotel like I have never seen before in the Quality line. When I spoke of this to a very pleasant and knowledgeable receptionist, Lizette I believe her name was, I was told that this hotel was a model of sorts on how to create the boutique look and experience while maintaining and affordable budget status. I would definitely say, they have accomplished this and more! Upon entering the hotel you are greeted with a nice, open lobby with beautiful floor to ceiling mirrors and designer black chandeliers, all highlighting the beautiful wallpaper and cushions on the lobby bench. I must say, my favorite thing in the lobby were the &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; type chairs. Amazing designer detail, not just in the lobby but all the way thru to the guest room. The room was easy to access by the lift (yay for a lift!) and was easily found by the unique door number lights. What a unique, decorative, yet functional feature for the hall and room...it has a button you can press for housekeeping, do not disturb and a door bell!Upon opening the door, I was pleasantly surprised with what I found in the room. The room was beautifully designed with crisp white duvets accented with a crimson red runner and silver accent pillows finished off with designer curtains with a beautiful beaded tie back. The attention to the room carried on to the bathroom where I enjoyed a wonderful hot &quot;power rain&quot; shower, with lovely scented toiletries....I could have stayed in there all day. My room, while smaller than what I am used to in America, was a nice size and air-conditioned. (Air conditioning is such a rare luxury I have noticed in the city) In fact I felt like there was more room in this hotel than in other hotels I have stayed at in London where I paid twice as much for a room. One great feature of the room was the silence. Yes ,the silence. I was told it is because the windows are sealed with extra layers to prevent the noise from the main road. Needless to say, I was able to sleep off my jet lag in the middle of the day without being disturbed by the street noise.I did not manage to wake up in time for the breakfast that was offered, but I did enjoy a drink or two in the restaurant. The design of the restaurant is just as nice as the hotel, with beautiful sofas to sit and relax available. Charmingly quaint is perhaps the best way to describe the restaurant. While the food served is Asian, the restaurant itself is not. It is very modern. My only complaint on the restaurant was that it seemed a little understaffed during the evening. My poor server, was all over the place trying to meet everyone's needs and make drinks at the same time. I will give him credit for never showing how overwhelmed he must have been and always having a smile. I could go on and on, but I will stop now and just leave you to experience your own boutique experience at the Quality Maitrise Hotel	
Sep 14 2009 	Dedicated staff but hotel lacks safe evacuation procedures and is doubtfully a 4 star	Someone staying for a couple of days may enjoy the hotel but those staying a week or longer (which was my case) will hardly find this hotel as &quot;amazing&quot; as it its described in the website. What is worst. I was shocked as to the lack of a safe evacuation procedure regarding what happened between August 25th and 26th when the fire alarm was repeatedly activated until as late as 3.00 am - actually this happened at least 4 times during my stay, when the alarm started to fire in the middle of the night, waking me up in a fright although nothing was really happening!The moment I went down to the reception to inquire what was happening, I noticed that the fire escape door was blocked by large wooden plates, the restaurant exit doors had already been locked and the passage towards the reception had also been blocked by a large wall, leaving practically no possible escape.Part of the staff is really amazing and constantly trying to compensate for the hotel management's mistakes (possibly due to amateurism or lack of training). Little mistakes had to be constantly overlooked in order not to make the stay fully unpleasant. Moreover, there was always noise from improvement works in the lounge and restaurant and no signal in the rooms, so I had to go outside to be able to use my mobile phone.	
Sep 14 2009 	Haven't got a clue!!	Ok where to start! The good points first:1. Across the road from Kilburn High Road Overground station and walking distance from Kilburn park underground on the Bakerloo line.2. Rooms cleaned daily, although the cleaners like to have a root through your stuff!3. Funky boutique hotel with small rooms but it's good for somewhere to lay your head4. The bar has a 3am licence although i would imagine this isn't so good for those on the 1st floor!5. Great bar across the road called the Westbury, good food, good music great decor.The bad points:1. The staff at the reception didn't have a clue how to book us into our room2. Booked the hotel, with breakfast, to go down on our first morning to be told breakfast wasn't included in our room price. We ended up having an argument with the reception even though i had it on the booking confirmation sheets! They agreed in the end but only after an intense argument, not a good impression on your first morning 3. Train tickets disappeared from a drawer then reappeared the next day in the same drawer after we'd made a complaint with the 'helpful' reception desk!4. The hotel bar is mish mash! They haven't got a clue how to run a bar, they ran out of drinks for heaven's sake!5. When we checked out they wanted us to pay again, and more than I'd paid the week before when i booked it and argued with me to a point where I had to prove I had paid already! We had a train to catch and nearly missed it!Overall, the hotel is new and is undoubtedly suffering unforeseen blunders, in our opinion the hotel manager shouldn't be managing a hotel with the potential this one has! It does have amazing potential but the less than friendly foreign staff aren't doing it any favours!	
Sep 13 2009 	Looks good on the outside don't judge a book by it's cover!	Negatives, It's really the small things in life when you are away from home, toiletries replaced (including toilet roll) Working light bulbs, (handy when it's dark) Room to swing a cat (or have a dance to the TV) If indeed the TV is working!! This was mentioned on day 1 of our 4 night stay and was not fixed through the stay! When this was brought up, I was asked why I had not advised them of this sooner, to which I replied I had and was met with a grin from the receptionist who was clearly unable or unwilling to understand.The staff were OK, friendly when it mattered, but again confused when you asked them for something. The main issue was the fact that they did not honour a payment made on ebookers and I was made to feel stupid and forced to hand over my credit card again and yep, got charged twice (good job the credit card wasn't maxed out in the shops) I am hoping that this issue gets solved in the next 24 hrs! Positive pointsGood comfy beds, if not a little small, close to tube, and will cost about £30 for a taxi back from Soho/Theatre district.The attached restaurant had amazing food, but again lacked the service, well, when you got the service it was amazing, but it was getting the service that was the problem.Looks the part, but would be tempted to seek another hotel before staying here again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent location and well appointed but appaulingly staffed	Our weekend was ruined by the terrible staffing at this hotel. Whilst the location is superb, being close to the tube and local amenities, I would never stay there again due to a catalogue of failures on the part of the staff. I will detail them below and I promise I have neither exaggerated or embelished!!!!!!!.We were told over the phone that there was luggage storage. Upon arrival, luggage storage turned out to be - you can leave them in the lobby, that is right next to the front door, next to a busy high street, with no security guard or other form of monitoring.We ordered a superior room. Were given a standard room. We asked to be moved and were lied to by the receptionist and told that it was a superior room. They were actually willing to lie and charge us the extra money for something which we were not receiving. Only when we pointed out that this was fraudulant did they conceed that they had lied, but they were still over booked on superior rooms.The bar/restaurant was shambolic. Only two staff on in the entire place. The waiter could not cope at all. People left waiting, food stood around. The bar woman was not only stroppy bordering on rude but totally inefficient. We ordered a beer and a cocktail whilst sat at the bar, waited for 20 minutes in full sight of the woman but received no drinks. When we enquired about our drinks we were told that cocktails were no longer being served (it was 10:30). We pointed out that service had been poor and asked to speak to the manager. She refused to call the manager and told us to leave the bar!Breakfast was also a shambles. Only two staff were on and they couldn't cope. The buffet lay empty of plates, spoons, mugs, orange juice, pastries and yoghurt for over ten minutes. hot food lay under lamps and was delivered to the wrong tables.We have formally complained to the hotel and the Quality chain. The Quality HQ have been appologetic but we have received no response from the hotel itself.	
Sep 11 2009 	Very dedicated staff but hotel lacks safe evacuation procedures and is doubtfully a 4 star	I was shocked as to the lack of a safe evacuation procedure regarding what happened between August 25th and 26th when the fire alarm was repeatedly activated until as late as 3.00 am.The moment I went down to the reception to inquire what was happening, I noticed that the fire escape door was blocked by large wooden plates, the restaurant exit doors had already been locked and the passage towards the reception had also been blocked by a large wall, leaving practically no possible escape.Part of the staff is amazing and constantly trying to compensate for the hotel management's mistakes (possibly due to amateurism or lack of training). Moreover, there was always noise from improvement works in the lounge and restaurant and no signal in the rooms, so I had to go outside to be able to use my mobile phone.	
Jul 30 2009 	Lovely and Brandnew	One of the great secrets right now from my London hotel experiences. Stayed last night ffor 69 pounds.Its 20min tube from Embankment, so great for tourists as away from the hassle, more central this would be around 200 in my opinion. Lovely room, very trendy, not huge but apporpriate, good size bathroom with double rain shower.nice bed and cushions. Breakfast is continental but we found it was fine, toast, cereal, juices, joghjurt, pastries, jam, cheese, meat, fruit...maybe at weekend they could offer full english.anyway I would certainly recommend plus would stay again	
Jul 23 2009 	Pleasantly surprised.	I was booked into the hotel after the hotel I had intended to use had to carry out maintenance and was unable to accommodate me. Initially I was annoyed, but they arranged a free bottle of champagne and covered the extra cost. The hotel itself was newly opened. I checked in on Saturday the 18th and it opened on Thursday. As you would expect everything thing was brand new, though not everything had been finished. I'm incredibly fussy so the small things matter to me and while there were a few issues they were all incredibly minor and didn't impact on the stay. The room was well appointed with a lovely bed, linens and a absolutely fantastic bathroom. Powerful 'Rain' shower was lovely to use and the overall finish was of high quality. Breakfast service could use a little more work, nothing too major but generally I'm use to having tea and toast brought to me even at hotels using a buffet continental breakfast. The range was also a little limited, but it certainly wasn't poor. They could do with leaving a welcome pack in the room detailing how to use the safe and what was on offer for room service. However overall I was pleased with the stay, incredibly convenient to overground rail and the Kilburn Park tube station, with a good selection of shops and cafe's within a few minutes walk. It also has it's own Asian fusion restaurant.	
