Nov 4 2009 	Ok hotel - good location but several negatives in terms of facilities	I arrived at this hotel late at night, and like a few other people have mentioned in their reviews, the receptionist couldn't find my booking, so I didn't get off to a great start. Thankfully I had e-mail confirmation of my booking with me.The room was ok. It did appear to have undergone a bit of a refurbishment - the dirty carpet other reviewers talked about had been replaced with a (poorly fitted) laminate floor, which did seem cleaner. Decor wise, the room was modern, although the curtains didn't close properly. The furniture however was still very old, of poor quality and chipped. Many of the bathroom tiles were also cracked.There were items left by a previous guest in one of the drawers, and although the room didn't seem unclean, this still made me question the thoroughness of the cleaners.My main bugbear was that when you opened one of the built in wardrobes, there were many electrical wires and loose fittings hanging down - I can't imagine this meets UK safety standards for accommodation!There is one major positive with the hotel though - it is only a few minutes walk from Fulham Broadway tube station. Also, although the rooms aren't the best, the hotel does have a nice reception area with cosy sofas / newspapers / magazines etc.	
Oct 15 2009 	Itching to leave...	I was attending a conference at Stamford Bridge (Chelsea FC's ground). This was less than a one minute walk away. That was the good news. On the downside...when I checked in they had no record of payment (room had been paid for in advance). Fortunately I had documentation proving they were wrong. In terms of the room, it was huge, but run down. Toilet hadn't been flushed by the cleaners. Small TV, only 5 analogue channels. When I woke the next morning, I noticed I was itching a lot...yes, bed bugs. And lots of them. Nice.Breakfast was pretty poor. Cooked option was extra, so included in the B&amp;B rate was cereal, bread rolls (no toaster that I could see) and cheese slices.	
Sep 6 2009 	We will return	This hotel sticks out above the rest for value and straightforward quality .Very convenient from Gatwick airport via the Easy Bus.Perfect for the Person who wants to visit Stamford Bridge whilst partner goes shopping.Pleasant staff very helpful.I have no negatives to say about this Hotel	
Sep 2 2009 	Good location clean comfortable good value for money	I have stayed in La Reserve in Fulham a couple of times this summer having discovered a good discounted rate online. It is within 5/10 mins walk from Fulham Broadway tube station (which has a good Sainsburys to stock up on snacks/drinks) on the District Line so very handy to get to South Kensington (museums), Harrods, and if going to Wimbledon, is just a couple of stops north of Southfields.The first time I stayed in June I was at the front of the building which fronts the Fulham Road. This was a bit noisy so I had to close my windows and keep on the air con (the curtains also needed to stay over as everyone would be able to see in, although the curtains pulled over with difficulty!). The bed was comfortable, the tv small and up on the wall at a great height. The hairdryer blew a fuse the first time I used it, but reception had it fixed within the day. The bathroom was small but clean with a large shower. Breakfast was continental and had a sufficient selection of cereals, croissants, tea/coffee to suit (more than the Ibis offer). Full breakfast was extra although I didn't see anyone eating one. The staff were friendly and helpful (I left behind a pair of earrings which they kept for me and handed to me immediately I arrived for my second visit in August).The second time I stayed there I went with my son. I had requested a room at the back (which faces the back of Chelsea's Stamford Bridge football ground, so not a great view but we didn't mind) so it was quieter and we could leave our windows open. We didn't have air con this time so had to leave the fan in the room on constantly otherwise we'd have been dripping in sweat in the London heat. The fridge didn't work (although we didn't use it), the bathroom was larger, had a bath and a shower over it this time and the room was much bigger than my previous one. While it was clean and functional and value for money, it just lacked a little finesse which a more expensive hotel would probably have offered (and a good lick of paint). Basic but clean.The thing that really got us though the second time round was the attitude of one of the serving staff at breakfast. Having had an early start the previous morning, we lay in until 9.45 am and headed down for breakfast at 10.15, as breakfast was due to finish at 10.30 according to their literature. While there were other diners still eating breakfast, we were approached by one particular member of staff to tell us in no uncertain terms we were too late for breakfast, that it had finished at 10 am. I told her that it said 10.30 on their information in the room (it even said it on the card on the tables), she just seemed to ignore me and insisted that it finished at 10 am during the summer (having been there a few weeks previously I was not aware that this was the case). She &quot;allowed&quot; us to have something to eat, as long as we didn't take long. A similar thing happened on the last day of our 5 day stay, when we arrived down to breakfast at 9.40 am. She came over to tell us that as breakfast was finishing soon, we should hurry up. This certainly didn't make me feel very comfortable or particularly welcome. Was she in a hurry to get finished??Aside from that the other staff were very friendly and they gave me a suitcase bag when I was checking out for coming back a second time which was a very pleasant surprise.	
Jul 22 2009 	terrible service	had to catch an early flight. two rooms asked for wake up calls, no one called. asked for a cab knowing how to get to stanstead bus stop at victoria station - we were dropped on the street and told to walk around we would find it. could have easily missed our flights. hotel in poor condition, tv did not work, bath drain did not work, taps dripped etc.	
Jun 8 2009 	This hotel is dirty.	When I approached La Reserve from the street I was very pleased with what I saw, but don't be duped by the plush exterior as this is massively deceiving: When I tried to check in, I was told that the hotel was full and my booking had been cancelled due to an issue with the payment card, but sensing somehow this was unacceptable the manager found me a room which evidently belonged to someone else judging by the &quot;welcome note&quot; and disgusting-looking bowl of fruit.My room was in the basement, and the first thing that hit me when I stepped into the corridor was the smell of thick cigarette smoke, despite the huge &quot;NO SMOKING&quot; sign on the wall. My room was unclean-feeling with strange burns all over the dirty carpet, and all the furniture was battered and falling apart - the glass wardrobe door was cracked and cellotaped together, and I couldn't get a single channel on the old 1980s television. The curtains were dirty, and the duvet in the cupboard looked as though it hadn't been washed for a long time. After finding a brown-stained towel hanging in the bathroom, I asked to be moved rooms as the smell of smoke was making my eyes sting.The following day I was moved to an upstairs room. Again the furniture was very old and worn out, windows dirty, and curtains which didn't meet in the middle. Again the room had a very un-clean feel about it, with a selection of 4 duvets in the cupboard - each badly stained with various body fluid. The television had no remote control, and the hairdryer worked for about 5 seconds before smoking and conking out. I wore shoes throughout my stay as I couldn't face walking bare-foot on the carpet or bathroom floor.Breakfast consisted of yesterday's stale criossants and bowls of tinned fruit (peach slices in syrup, pear halves in syrup). The orange juice had a funny taste and I had no idea how to make a cup of tea so I didn't bother with breakfast for the rest of my 4 day stay. The bar was unwelcoming and always devoid of people, despite the hotel being full.The only good thing going for this hotel is the location - perfectly positioned for Earl's Court via Fulham Broadway tube station, but it really isn't worth staying here. This hotel is dirty, shoddy, generally unclean-feeling wherever you go, and the service is poor. An absolute rip-off!	
Mar 13 2009 	Good Value Budget Hotel	I have just had two nights in this hotel and cannot understand the very derogatory and negative reviews posted quite recently by others. I was one of a party involved in a show at Earls Court and a total of 9 persons occupied 8 different rooms over 3 nights and not a single one had any complaints at all about the standard of the rooms and hotel facilities. My own room was of quite a reasonable size with a double bed (it may have been 2 singles joined together but if so it was not noticeable) with a good sized bathroom. Both were spotlessly clean and the bed linen was crisp and clean. The bedroom furniture was perhaps a little dated but nevertheless perfectly acceptable. The hotel is well situated on the Fulham Broadway road just a short walk from the underground station so quite convenient for travel into central areas for shopping and shows etc. Breakfast included in the price was an acceptable Continental variety with plenty of cereals and fresh fruits plus bread rolls and croisettes etc and a cooked English breakfast was available at a small extra charge. The hotel may not be up to a 4 or 5 star standard like the Ritz or Dorchester but then neither is the cost and it is certainly a good 2 star rating. I can certainly recommend it as a good base for anyone visiting London.	
Feb 28 2009 	I would not recommended this hotel	I was greeted nicely but they could not find my booking at first, and offered me the incorrect room.The rooms were dirty and smelly, and the furniture faulty, ie, a door of a cupboard fell off on opening it.I complained about the smell of smoke in the two rooms offered to me and the corriders and the manager said he would spray them.The inside of the bathroom door looked as if someone had tried to kick it down.Unfortunately I was made to pay for the room before I had seen it or the corridors. When I did not stay I was refused a refund.The location was perfect for visiting the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital which is why I booked it.I liked the fact that one could park outside off road, although they wanted to keep the keys to the car. I disliked and could not stand the smokey smell and dilapidated rooms.Terrible place	
Jan 23 2009 	Would be embarrassed to recommend	No chain to lock the door or spy hole. There was a knock at the door soon after arriving - as I was looking for the spy hole the door opened. It was a member of staff but still. Bathroom: taps, shower head, sink, plug holes uncleanBedroom: outdated, curtains would not close completely, tv remote would not work - not convinced that it was for the tv. Fridge was mouldy, walls and radiator dirty.I did not feel clean after being there for the night - rates good for food but from seeing the standard of the room I decided to use another restaurant for both dinner and breakfast.	
Dec 14 2008 	Bargain hotel in bourgeois area!!	Booked this hotel on hotelsclick.com and got a really good deal for a double room for 2 nights. We were going to a football match at Stamford Bridge and the hotel is perfectly located, a couple of minutes walk from tube station. The room was small, but had a comfy bed and clean bathroom, decor a bit tired but we were out and about so it really wasn't a big deal. The staff were kind, and let us store our bags as our flight home wasn't until later in the day. Ticked all the boxes for a bargain hotel in the Chelsea area of London!	
Nov 18 2008 	Dont Bother Staying	Well, i looked at the website seemed good with on-site parking when i got there, 1st impresions were it okay the reception guy was bit moody, then got to the room it was a triple bed with 2 singles attached so asked to move they then moved us to another room again instead of double bed it was 2 singles attached togther when i told the reception guy he said thats how they are all double beds are like that was the worst person to have the converstaion with as he didnt want to admit that they need to update their place.Then all night we heard the noises from upstairs people walking up and down the Hotel, hotel rooms had floor boards come on.Dont stay there if you going for a romantic weekend.Would recomend:[-]its similar in price really wicked hotels i am dead serious its fantastic and cosy.	
Nov 16 2008 	london weekend	We booked our stay on the hotel website and received a substantial discount for booking online (we paid £75 for a double room and £75 for a twin room). This made the stay extremely good value for a hotel in a fantastic location in the lovely borough of Fulham just a couple of minutes walk from fulham broadway tube station and with a bus stop almost outside the hotel. Whats more, the hotel is one of very few in london that has a car park and allows guests to park for free (subject to space). This was a great bonus.The hotel itself looked nice from the outside and the reception, bar a and restaurant area all looked well kept. The rooms looked a little tired and could do with being updated but were a good size and were equipped with everything you could need. I read other reviews about terrible tv reception, but all i can say is that the terrestrial tv we viewed was fine in our room. The bathroom was again slightly dated but clean and functional.We ate the standard breakfast included in the room price and were pleasantly surprised at the broad selection of cereals, breads, pastries and fruit on offer which made a good start to the day.Overall, the hotel is dated and may not have been worth paying the full price but if you can book online it becomes very reasonably priced for its prime location and the parking facility.	
Oct 26 2008 	terrible	staff: poorreception: poorquality of breakfast: poorbedroom: old looking, dirty.en-suite bathroom: very old, badly and old tiled. incredible.need immediate refurbishment. never seen such an old hotel, still looking for 60-100 puonds a room. incredible! the hotel website lies, and that is why some clients like me get room there.suggested price per room: 20-30 puonds a night (no more).	
Oct 15 2008 	A trip back to the 80's...	Firstly the good news: the location is good (assuming Chelsea don't have a home match, since the hotel backs onto Stamford Bridge stadium), having free off-road parking is great, and the staff are friendly and helpful. HOWEVER this hotel is best suited to the visually disabled with short hair and indiscriminate taste buds. In 3 different rooms it was impossible to get a good picture on any TV channels (no satellite despite what the phone holding message says), and worse, hot water was virtually unknown. Several times we stood shivering under the shower while the water supply disappeared for 5 - 10 mins. This is a basic for a hotel, and it's shocking that La Reserve can't supply it. Also the fruit juice in the breakfast buffet is noticeably watered-down... the sign of a cheapskate establishment. This hotel was clearly refurbished around 1984, and all the fittings are comically archetypical 80's (black moulded WC and washbasin anyone??). Since not one penny has been spent on the place since, many are also seriously worn and shoddy. One of the power sockets in the room was faulty and positively dangerous. Go to a Travelodge instead - soulless, but at least you're guaranteed the basics.	
Feb 20 2008 	Fantastic option if you're going to Stamford Bridge	This is probably the best and cheapest option if you're travelling to see a Chelsea-game at Stamford Bridge. With the great tube/underground/bus-options in London, you'll also get to Oxford Street and Picadilly Circus fairly quickly.While I gave it 5/5, it's not a 5-star hotel. It's a 3-star hotel, but a very nice one. Compared to other 3-star hotels in London, there were a decent amount of space in the room, and there was also a mini-bar. And of course, the room itself was clean and nice, and every time I asked for an extra towel or two, I got it.The continental breakfast you'll get is nothing special, but it was decent enough.And to be honest, all I was looking for was a nice, clean hotel with a good bed and a TV, located near Stamford Bridge, and at a fair price, and that's exactly what I got - plus the mini-bar and great service!	
Feb 11 2008 	Fawlty towers ???	Never judge a book by its cover ?I will in future, from the time I arrived and it took them 25 mins to shuffle the cars around in the small car park to the 20 minutes to check in I knew this was a mistake.It was the key to &quot;one of their best rooms&quot; and couldn't believe my eyes.The wardrobe doors looked like they were about 50 years old and didn;t close, the same goes for the so called &quot;desk&quot; which was very old, looked like a piece of mdf layed on top of a coulple of badly closing cupboard doors.The room was a good size, the beds were comfortable enough but the general cleanliness of the room was &quot;scummy&quot; to say the least!The red 2 seater sofa looked as if it had seen some action (loads of dodgy looking stains), the bathroom smelled like there was a bad drain problem and there was dirt and peeling mastic all over the bathroom furniture, the bathroom was very cramped.The shower was more of a hot and cold &quot;dribble&quot;Overall, the best thing about this place is its location to Earls Court, it could do with some money spent on it to bring it up to a much better standard.The staff were fairly helpful, when you could find one of them.I suppose the only thing missing......was Basil Fawlty !	
Nov 15 2007	Convenient location but shoddy hotel	I wish I'd read previous reviews before booking. I realised how desparate it all was when I arrived and noticed a 'small hotel' award certificate on the wall of the reception, but dating from 1992 - I don't think the hotel's been cleaned since then.The room was big and quiet, but dirty, the bedspread was covered in very dubious stains. For some reason they leave a complimentary fruit plate (4 granny smiths and 2 oranges) but everything feels so grubby you wouldn't want to try them.Breakfast was awful - continental with no service to speak of, and flies crawling around the danish pastries. Don't stay here, it really is not worth the money.	
Aug 10 2007	Very Average	I stayed in a Twin Room at La Reserve in July. It is a 3* property so I didn't expect much, however on arrival, I was given my room key and told it was ready only to find the room had not been cleaned at all... crumbs over the bed and a half eaten fruit bowl, a welcome letter to the previous guest and ironing board / iron out in middle of floor... I was late checking in which the Hotel knew about so that was no excuse. After leaving the hotel for a few hours, it was cleaned on return. The room was very spacious and big which was great, but bathroom a bit of a squash.Breakfast was very average, cereals &amp; tinned fruit were the only choice. This hotel is great for its location close to Fulham Broadway .Overall, I would have probably been impressed by this 3* Hotel if it was cleaner.	
Jun 1 2007 	Dont Stay Here	Booked a room on business for Wed 25th April a good month in advance and receieved confirmation emails etc. However upon arriving at 7.30pmpm (after a long day and 5hours in the car) was told they didnt have a room ready. When I refused to wait around as I had a meeting that evening they eventually found me a very low quality cramped room (dirty carpet) in a near by hotel and I finally magaed to check in around 9.15pm. The following day after my work day I had to return to the Reserve to collect my luggage when they presented me with a full bill. I objected to this but was told I would have to wait for an hour to see the manager as the assitant manager jad no power to alter charges although he offered me a free stay next time !	
Apr 6 2007 	had to cancell was bad service	we had booked this hotel as a romantic break but had to cancell due to personal reasons,trying to cancell was like trying to into fort knox,we were given a number and told to ring it to cancell but it was someones mailbox for dating agencey,rang back got another number and were told ok its cancelled and phone slammed down,poor standard has put us off re booking with this ignorant bunch of clowns	
Jan 22 2007	Not bad for the money	Stayed at this hotel for our son's 18th birthday, his room was at the front of hotel, was bright &amp; clean and big enough for one person.Our room was at the rear of hotel, it was spacious and good view of Chelsea F.C, &amp; quiet. The staff were very polite and attentive- and they made the stay enjoyable. The hotel would benefit from a re-firb, epecially the double rooms, downstairs wasn't too bad, the breakfast was good, and the cooked breakfast, at an extra cost, was excellent, we didn't eat there in the evening, but it was priced very reasonably, and would have no hesitation in eating there. The hotel is in a very good location to reach central London, by tube (3 mins down the road), and bus stop outside Hotel.	
Nov 10 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever!	My Boyfriend and I had a 2 night stay in La Reserve,It's everything you say locality wise, Everything else is a different matter altogether!We booked a double room - like they advertise everywhere!We got a twin room , that was so small they didn't even have a wardrobe! the beds were as low as a foot stool, there was no room in it, the white towels had dirt stains on them!There were stains on the bed sheetsWe went to reception and simply said - &quot;That's not what we booked&quot;They placed us in a room, similar to what they advertise.The carpet had white stains on it!It hadn't been hoovered!Again stains on the towels!The bathroom shower was filthy and I'd say the shower head had never been cleaned in it's life ( 100 years! )	
Sep 12 2006 	Got bitten by bed bugs	I stayed at La Reserve in January, 2006 and left with several bug bites. After a second stay in September, 2006, I had over 100 (very itchy) bug bites the next morning. This hotel appears to have a problem with bed bugs. You couldn't pay me enough money to stay there again!	
Aug 7 2006	Bad Hotel	Stayed for three nights and couldn't wait to leave. The hotel desperately needs refurbishment but that is no excuse for not keeping on top of basic cleanliness and basic maintenance. The general service was poor with dis-interested staff which obviously comes from dis-interested owners. The only things going for the hotel are it's location next to Fulham Broadway station, the nearby Indian restaurant Kish-Kish (i think) and the proximitely to Chelsea FC. Stay somewhere else until it's taken over and refurbished	
Mar 24 2006 	Noisey 	The only thing going for this place is it's location - on Fulham Palace Rd, and near the tube.My room was small for a double, and dirty with dust and an empty cigarette packet under the bed. Their phone system was awful so I couldn't use my modem to access the Internet. The room was far too hot at night, and so I had to open the window which meant hearing the busses pass all night long. Breakfast was really done on the cheap, not worth paying for by a long shot. To top all this off the fire alarm went off twice, apparently due to the Italian restaurant below. Then the receptionist switched it off, not exactly very safe.Would not recommend unless it's your only option.	
Jul 4 2005	Go to another hotel and pay again	My wife and I experienced a comedy of errors when we booked at La Reserve in July 2005. We had pre-paid a month in advance using 'Lastminute', and confirmed by phone during the week. When we arrived, however, the hotel said that our room was out of service due to an 'electrical fault'. (They had not phoned our mobile phone to warn us.)We were then shuttled off from La Reserve at 9pm to a less attractive London hotel - which the hotel's cab driver was unable to find (not least due to Live8 road closures!). The journey took over one hour. On arriving at the second hotel, they had no record of our (transferred) reservation or payment. Fortunately, they had a double room available but they - not unreasonably - required us to pay in full again, as they had never heard of us. Our son had to come and pick us up the next morning, taking us back to the side of town we needed to be on.We are now looking into a refund and possible compensation from La Reserve, but needless to say were less than impressed by their welcome. Being British we are not the sort to complain or to give a 'Terrible' rating lightly - but do feel that this one was fully earned!	
Apr 4 2005	great base	I have stayed at this hotel twice. Room was immaculate, very spaciouos, with great views of Stamford Bridge Football Ground - at back of hotel so very quiet and didnt hear any trafic etc. Breakfast was good - didnt eat at night here but smelt very good. Two minute walk to underground where you can be in centre of London in 15 minutes - great base.Good range of eating/drinking places nearby if you dont want to go in to the city.Great hotel if going to Chelsea or Fulham game as near both.	
May 20 2004	A bit dodgy	La Reserve looked great on the web site but we were a bit disappointed by the room when we got there as it was shabby and un-maintained. The loo had a toilet brush down it and an omninous looking stain! The staff were nice though and the bar and restaurant area looked clean although we didn't get the chance to try the food. The TV was supposed to be Satellite but wasn't, in fact the arial didn't even plug into the wall! The picture was pretty bad. The complimentary shampoo and shower gel I suspect had been watered down. Overall, an ok base but wouldn't stay longer than 1 night.	
Apr 23 2004	A Great Base	We stayed at the La Rerserve for 4 nights in April, 2004. La Reserve provided basic accommodations at a good rate (well, for London, that is) -- 75 pounds a night -- and provided a great base of operations for touring London. The hotel is a short 2-block walk from the Underground (Fulham Broadway) near a small pub / shop area. The location is outside the main tourist areas, which was a nice change of pace after touring London during the day. It was about a 20 minute subway trip into the center of London each day. The room was simple, clean and relatively large. The bathroom was huge by European standards as were the closets. The furniture was not new, but was fine. My only complaints were a TV with iffy reception and squeaky floors -- our floor and the floor in the room above us squeaked at every step. The continental breakfast was very good and had a large offering of cereals &amp; fruit that was kept well maintained by the staff. The staff were friendly and helpful. A great value for the money if your looking for a simple, clean, quiet (except for the floor squeaks) place to stay in London at a reasonable price.	
Oct 6 2009	La Reserve		
Sep 17 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 30 2009 	????????		
Mar 5 2009 	???????????		
Sep 28 2008 	??????????		
Sep 13 2008 	?????????		
