Feb 1 2009	bed bugs!	My daughter and I shared a room and while she complained that her bed was saggy, I'm the one who is covered in bites today. I've experiemced bedbugs before in rural India and Guatemala, but am shocked that this could happen at a lotel in London! Stay away!	
Aug 18 2008 	first thought: oh my god!!!	in august 2008, we have stayed for 3 nights in this so called &quot;hotel&quot;.the outside of the building looked quite nice, but at the moment we entered it was clear to all of us: bad bad choice!there was a strange smell of incense sticks in the foyer. although we had announced our arrival time, we couldnt move into our room; they told us to come again two hours later.our 4-bed-room was downstairs with a great view over a dirty backyard, a washing machine and an old toilet seat. the room was so small that with 4 people and the luggage in it, you couldnt really move. it was very dirty and you couldnt turn off the heating (who the hell is heating in august?).the bathroom was just disgusting and very very small. we needed two days to recognize that in this bathroom, blue means warm and red means cold water. the toilet was draggled and there was mould in the shower. we had even to ask the staff for toilet paper!all in all, we spent as little time as possible in this hotel; sleeping in this room is bad enough.	
Mar 31 2008 	Not even for your worst enemy	We were there 3 years ago and now, looking again for a place to stay, we spent 2 weeks trying to remember the name of that disgusting place, not to get there again.. The experience you have there, unfortunately you never forget though. Extremely unfriendly staff. To avoid people running away, they make you pay in advance, before checking the room. The queues for the breakfast were outrageous. A tiny breakfast room, people were waiting on the stairs for more than 20 minutes to get a table. The bedroom, small and dirty, could barely fit 2 people at the same time. Not mentioning the bathroom: one cannot move much even being alone inside. Sleeping without getting really drunk before it's impossible, too scary to fall asleep. Even Victoria Train Station, few meters away, has more room and cleaner toilets - better staying there. Avoid this creepy Rama &quot;Hotel&quot; at all costs.	
Mar 28 2008 	Rama Rap	Here is a rap we made about our stay at Hotel Rama :Welcome Home Rama with Nad Eva Sarah and Anna,Bed bugs, roach bites, holes in the wall, this hotel has it all!!Stenchy Vomit and curry - Yum-yum-yummay!!Wall-spit in the kitchen, you don't know what you're missin'Ramma special : Mouldy bread, or how about salmonella instead?!Friendly staff?! are you havin' a laugh?!Hobo sleeping in your bath?!Rama you [--]We are SICK of you're muck, looks like you're outta luck,Bye Bye for now, see you soon, next time we're in london we will be back to book another room!!!...........NOT!!	
Mar 25 2008 	The worst place on earth to stay	I haven't checked this site for some time and I am so pleased to see that others have written of their experiences. I couldn't write at the time of my stay as I has complained to an outside agency and was awaiting the outcome.My daughter and I were put into an annexe across the road as the 'Hotel' was full even though the booking had been made several weeks before. The room was dirty, had stained bedlinen, a filthy bathroom, no shade on the light and a TV that didn't work. Another was brought and placed on top of the broken one. No tea making facilities although there were plenty of open tea bags in a basket. The curtains consisted of blankets or pieces of material held together.I did get my money back from the Hotel after a few weeks.	
Aug 6 2007 	Terrible!	We were only in London for the night before catching a plane back to the states, so we figured we'd get a budget hotel close to the Victoria tube station....while other hotels/motels/hostels on this same road are very nice, the Rama Hotel was awful! The hotel smelled like a mix between curry and vomit; the comforters looked as if they had just been bought from Goodwill. There were water stains all over the ceilings and mold - mold like you would see after your house was flooded with sewage - all over the shower on the third floor. I didn't want to take my shoes off. My husband was disgusted with the shower situation and requested another hotel room (which he never does, it was that bad) and they moved us down to the ground floor, which was marginally better - the bathroom smelled more of vomit and the pillowcases were stained with heavens knows what. Would not go back and would not recommend this hotel to others - I'd rather stay in the hostel halfway down the block in a bunk bed with a bunch of random folks than come back here again.	
Jul 12 2007 	Absolutely awful!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My aunt and her 2 daughters stayed here for 2 weeks and the hotel was awful! They made me come around to see what it was like and I have never seen anything like it! They got a room in the basement that was full of mould, broken furnisher and a smell that nobody could believe! The hotel(at least downstairs)was complaitly rotten and falling apart. We a sked for a new room and that one had a broken toilet that sprayed water all over the floor when they flushed(loads of water!),they did sort out the toiled but then the water came up in the shower instead.The staff wasnt helpful at all and very ignorant! it is dangerous to live with mould-can make you very ill, but they just laughed. 2 days before they left, they got a new room again...ok but still mpuld in bathroom.They didnt expect any luxury as it is a budget hotel-BUT should stil;l be clean, safe and friendly!!!!!Not worth the money even though its cheap...as it looked it is actually quite expensive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 20 2007 	Bad experience	We reserved a room a week in advance and we confirmed the day of our arrival, specifying our late arrival in the night. They assured us everything was ok, but when there we discovered that our room was not available. In addiction they didn't help us on finding another place and they ask for money to keep our baggage.	
Jan 28 2007	Looking for a hotel with BED bugs? This is it.	Stayed at this hotel for 5 days in January 2007, the rooms are _really_ small and dirty. You literally can't move within a room. The showers are old, rusty and stink. It takes about 10 min to get hot water running. On top of this, the beds have bed bugs. I got bites all over my body. Avoid this hotel if you can, I wouldn't stay there for free. Ever. I wish I read the review on tripadvisor before booking. :-(	
Nov 20 2006 	Don't stay here unless you want to catch something!	All I can say is NEVER stay in this hotel! I have never been so disgusted in all my life. We booked this hotel room through Venere.com and it cost us £43 for a double room for one night. On the website the room looked nice and clean and airy along with the breakfast room! But don’t believe what you see – the place is small, dingy and dirty!When I checked in I was firstly annoyed that I had to pay for the room before I was allowed to have the key! And as I didn’t have any cash on me I had to pay by debit card but what they didn’t tell you on the hotel site was that there is a £3 charge when paying by card so really the room cost me £46 and I asked if I could pay in the morning when I checked out but I wasn’t allowed my key before I had paid! I don’t see how paying in the morning when you check out wasn’t ok – like every other hotel in the UK I have stayed in! But then I realised why they probably do that, so you can’t walk out once you see the state of the rooms, as I would have done if I hadn’t already paid, but once you have paid they wont give you a refund as you need to give a 24 hour cancellation notice, otherwise you are charged for one nights stay!Once I had my key I walked in my room and the stench which was in it was disgusting, all I could smell was sewage! There was no way that I could stay in there so went down to reception to ask for another room, which was sorted out without a problem but the new room was not much better but at least it smelt fresher. The room itself was basic of basic! It was literally the size of 2 double beds put together with a small rail in the corner (there version of a wardrobe) to hang up clothes, but I couldn’t even hang them up properly without them getting creased again as it wasn’t long enough. There was a small desk with a TV on it (of which all the TV channels were tuned in wrong and no remote control) so there was nowhere to put any of my toiletries so I had to live out of my suitcase, which left no room what so ever with that on the floor as well.Above the bed there were 3 spot lights – only 1 of which worked! There was a hole in the ceiling, cracks in the walls, black marks on the paint, the sheets smelt of cigarette smoke – it was just filthy! And the bathroom wasn’t much better either. The hook to hang your towel on had broken so there was nowhere to hang it. The toilet paper holder had broken, and the shower door had fallen off so we had to wedge it in place to stop water leaking when taking a shower! Then there was breakfast! – Of which I ate nothing as I was absolutely disgusted with it. It was in a small shabby looking room at the front of the hotel with had 3 small tables in it. We sat down and there was no menu or anything so we had no idea what breakfast consisted of! Firstly we received a bowl of corn flakes, and then after that was toast – which when you looked closely you could see tiny bits of mould growing on the crusts, I was in the middle of eating a slice when my boyfriend noticed the mould on his and spat my mouthful back out!So I seriously advise NOBODY to stay in this dump and I will never stay in a budget hotel in London again! I really would rather pay an extra £20 for somewhere half decent, as even though it was only cheap you still expect it to be clean and not given mouldy food………..or maybe that’s just me being a little bit of a snob!	
Oct 16 2006	ewwwww	Oh my goodness, this hotel was utterly revolting. About 5 squares of waterlogged toilet paper are provided, a t.v. remote control caked in food and miscellaneous substances, an awful smell, rogue hairs in the beds, balls of hair melded into the carpets, a flimsy lock on the door, and pigeon poo all over the window. Oh and the &quot;tea facilities&quot;? A dirty old chipped mug with a hair in the bottom and some stale old teabags. I am a budget traveller and quite used to making do, but this was really the limit and for the price avoid at all costs. Awful. And did I mention weird hairs everywhere?	
Oct 10 2006 	Gobsmacked....still recovering!!	This Hotel left me speachless! Was dumped there late at night by the Lidos Hotel, who had 'kindly' arranged alternative accomodation due to their over booking! The Hotel stank, and the room was minging and very tired. The dressing table only had three legs, and was a broken down scrap. The bathroom was the size of a broom closet, and like a bomb had hit it - a picture of Beirut! The shower was completely dismantled, the floor was collapsing, the basin was coming adrift and leaking, and everything was just filthy! We at first refused to stay there. It was late and we were worried that we wouldn't find alternative accomodation at that late hour. We stayed one night. It was like a scene from &quot;The Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot;. Also, there was no other alternative bathroom, so we had to go next door to the Lidos Hotel, and use their basement shower - what a joke!NEVER put foot here - this is the absolute worst I have ever seen!!!	
Jun 7 2006	Do not stay here!	Absolutely hideous, disgusting hotel. We were given a room int he basement with crap lying everywhere outside it. The room stank of damp, the bathroom leaked and smelled even worse, and there were fleas that bit us when we sat on the bed. I was in shock at how horrible it was, with seedy-looking, surly staff as well. We went back to reception but nobody was there, so left straight away. It is the most disgusting place I've ever seen, and I like hostels!	
Jun 3 2006	hostel not hotel - disgusting Rama	I booked to stay at the Rama hotel,and I really wish I hadn't, the hotel bedrooms are nothing like the photo,I couldn't believe this hotel actually has a rating. It was a hostel not a hotel! we booked a twin room, when we opened the door we walked straight into a wardrobe which was directly behind the door - fire &amp; safety hazard!!! me and my friend had to move it out they way ourselves.the supposidly twin room was bunkbeds on one side - one broken!! and two single beds pushed together, the room was tiny, dark, there were random boards of wood crudly stuck on the wall to act as bed heads,no room to move in the room. it was badly decorated, the cups, tea and coffee were on the floor - very hygienic!!! ther were no drawes for storage,no basics such as shampoo, shower gel, hair dressers or irons available.the bathroom was a cupboard,the shower was badly fitted,the water was cold,the floor had no non-slip matting, my friend nearly slipped twice when getting out of the shower - a law suit waiting to happen! the shower door was in front of sink so you couldn't open it very wide - not good it bigger than a size 12.the window was filthy with pigeons purching on the ledge so you couldn't open the window very wide, the room was not cleaned daily, we had to use the same towels over again, the soap given looked like it had be taken from another hotel and used before - it was unwrapped and just left on the side of sink and was dirty. the breakfast area was a joke in itself - i did not want to eat in it.How this hotel hasnt been done by the trades discription act is beyond me, it does not deserve its supposidly two diamond rating. It is not worthy of its £44 pernight they charged me, DONOT make the same mistake i did, pay the extra stay somewhere nice!!!	
Feb 25 2006 	Terrible	I'd booked into a different hotel, the Carbigoe, with Lastminute but when I tried to check in they said they had decorating work being done and took me to this, their &quot;sister&quot; hotel . My room was in the basement. There was a shower but it didn't work. I was kept up half the night by someone's TV. Bits of plaster fell off the ceiling. The door wouldn't lock from the outside. There was no plug in the tiny sink. The decoration was half-finished. There was an old chip on the floor. At least the sheets were clean! The advertised price for a room here was £59. You would be mad to pay that. I'd paid only £27 but still, there is a standard below which a room should not fall and this one did.	
Dec 8 2005	Nightmare at the Rama	I've travelled to London several times and I have never had an experience as bad as the this hotel. The hotel hadn't reserved us the room that we had asked for. Instead they tried to squeeze 3 adults into a double room. There was no door on the bathroom. The window wouldn't close and the heat was turned up full blast in an attempt to compensate for this.There was something rusty floating at the bottom of the toilet, not the cleanest place to be. In fact it was downright fowl.I went back down to reception and demanded my money back. I refused to stay there. I'm still waiting to be compensated.There are much better places to stay in London for far less money. It is an insult for a hotel to claim the rating that this one does. Stay away from it if you want to have an enjoyable trip.	
Aug 12 2008 	Punaises de lit et sale / Dirty and insects under bed		
Feb 17 2008 	hay que estar desesperado o muy mal de dinero para ir		
Mar 3 2007	Tip für junge Leute mit wenig Geld und Mut zum Schlichten		
Feb 13 2007 	Die Hölle hat einen Namen		
