	What a dump but good location	We arrived in the morning at 9.00am, entered the &quot;hotel&quot; and the smell hit me immediately! We were then told that we werent allowed to check in till 1.00 but we could leave our suitcase in the breakfast room. We made our way down some very narrow stairs, and left our case there - after seeing the breakfast room we decided we would not risk eating in there despite having paid for b&amp;b - we preferred to eat in the courtfield, a lovely hotel on the corner opposite the tube station. When we were finally allowed to check in we had to trek up 6 flights of stairs to get to our broom cupboard of a bedroom, it was so small!! The bathroom had a folding door with was taped together with brown parcel tape, the water in the sink didnt drain away for ages, the net curtain was yellow with age, it was just disgusting! Thank god we were only here for two nights, and we were there to enjoy the sights on london, not to spend much time in our hotel room! Im home with my legs covered in bruises from walking into the bed every time i wanted to use the bathroom, i kept bumping my head on the fold out ironing board every time i wanted to plug my hairdryer in - i can honestly say i will never ever stay here again!The location is good, its near to earls court tube station, but there are several other hotels nearby which looked much nicer!Book this hotel - only if you dare!!	
Feb 18 2009 	Can't beat the price for a very nice London Hotel ! !	I liked this hotel extremely well. The staff were great, I had a wonderful room, everything was clean and tidy always and the price was great. Location was wonderful and the only thing I can not comment on is the breakfast since I usually just grabbed a yogart and coffee in my room and was out the door. Listen gang, this is a bargain hotel for London and I have stayed in London 5 Christmas seasons now and have not found a better deal for the money....Like all London small hotels the rooms are small but this place was very pleasant, clean and the people were great. I have already made my reservation for December 2nd this year....	
Feb 10 2009 	ARGH..	I was given a room across the street with a key. there was no receptionist at the desk and the stairs in the front led right to the basement. I changed my mind and went back to the main hotel and demanded another room. Bum walks off the street and tells clerk he forgot something in his room moments before. The key hadn't been turned in or deactivated, and it was the room I had just been in a few minutes earlier.So they give me a new room, and this one was apparently a closet with a bed. Stayed at friends house where lets just say a party and regretful things happened. People were drunk, ect. So the next night I am moved to yet another room, this one was decent and had ensuite bathroom. By my last night I am moved again to the basement. My room changed four times throughout a one week stay. I felt sorry for the reception guy, but there was also a loud sports team of German boys who kept running up and down the stairs. Worst part: this place was recommended by a travel agent. I did get a refund for the night I didn't stay, but had the place been better I would have been spared a whole mess of problems. I complained to the travel agency about being irresponsible and booking a young single female at such a horrible place but it never went anywhere. BTW.. there was a very young hooker of about 12 trying to book a room with a fat middle aged man. Fortunately they were kicked out. There are lots of young prostitutes hanging around that area, esp in the tube station. Stay away from this place entirely.	
Nov 16 2008 	dissapointing hotel	This hotel was very dissapointing.It was reccomended to me by a travel agent,however the staff werent very helpful,there was no lift,only very narrow stairs.i arrived very late at night was was greeted by a small,dirty room.the closet door was broken off,only one powerpoint worked and the glass was cracked in the bathroom.The television was obstucted by the light hanging down and it cost alot of money for what it was.I also found the staff very rude and would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 6 2008	It really wasn't that bad!	Reading the reviews here I thought I'd just say that my experience really wasn't half so bad as the last person said.Nothing special, but not bad either!	
Jan 12 2008 	Would not even stay there if free	Bed MATTRESS was completely BROKEN &amp; SUNKEN IN THE MIDDLE, it's not what you would describe as worn, more like something you find in a skip. I can't believe how anyone could see the bed's condition &amp; not do anything about it. How could they expect anyone to be able to lie in it at all. Asked to change rooms but they said fully booked. Asked for extra pillows to pad out the collapsed middle of the mattress, they said no extra pillows in the hotel. COULD NOT SLEEP AT ALL due to the broken mattress that's sunken in the middle. I wanted to stay just 1 night instead of the 2 nights paid for upon checking, they refused to refund the 2nd night.Advertised with ensuite bath, but could not use it as no plug for the bath. Asked for one but said they don't provide bath plugs as they only want you to use the shower!!!!Could go on &amp; on. Basically all the facilities advertised was either not usable or not available. Don't know if the 3 star as advertised is real, I've stayed in 2 star hotels in London far better (at least you get a proper bed!), don't even deserve 1 star!	
Sep 4 2007 	What a Dump	I am so sorry I didn't consult trip advisor before booking this hotel. I went to London with my two teenage daughters for the weekend and to see a show. I chose the Exhibition Court Hotel because of its handiness to the underground and believed the description of 3* deluxe hotel. What a laugh. Here we were on Thursday night arriving tired and hungry to our &quot;Hotel&quot;. The man on the reception spoke about three words to us and proceeded to debit my credit card with the full amount due for the 4 nights. I then asked him where the lift was as we had three heavy suitcases and he laughed an pointed towards the stairs.When we reached the &quot;bedroom&quot; I couldn't believe my eyes. The carpet was filthy, the bed clothes were filthy. When I removed the top cover on the bed I found a hair on the pillow case and the sheets were creased already indicating someone had slept there and the sheets hadn't been changed. My daughter had to climb up onto the dressing table to turn on the tv. The bathroom had a towel on the floor and was as big as a dog kennel.We decided to see if we could find alternative accommodation and found a very nice place around the corner. I immediately demanded a refund and we left with our bags as quick as we could. Never again!!!!	
Jun 25 2007 	Save your money and sleep in the street its better	This so called hotel was the worst hotel I have truly ever had the displeasure to stay in. The cost was cheapish but this room is worth £25 per night at most.The rooms were just designed to save the owner money . there was no blind in the room so any one could see into my window.the kitchenette my as well have been a sink. and the desk fan was screwed to the wall. More like a hotel in beirut than Londonstay away and make them maintain their very profitable business	
Mar 28 2007	Was an okay experience	I was quite excited, this being my first trip alone overseas &amp; going to stay in a hotel for the first time. Now I was booked to go around the world &amp; obviously there would be a certain amount of luggage that you take with you. I was put on the top floor of this hotel &amp; then expected to drag my suitcase up 6 flights of stairs (YES FOLKS THERE WAS NO LIFT) &amp; the conciege didn't offer to help in any way. I found them to be okay in the helpful department. The breakfast area in the hotel is extremly small but cosy enough to enjoy. ADVICE: Make sure all accomodation places have a lift (especially if you are carrying a load)	
Nov 26 2006 	Cheap by London standards but better to stay at home!	The only thing in it's favour was that this hotel was near to the tube and Earl's Court! The room was small with the furniture crammed in. The curtains were partially detatched from the rail.The idea of a kitchenette sounds great but it would have been better to focus on more important things like making sure that the folding door to the minute bathroom didn't come off in your hand and that the minging carpet was thrown out! It was obvious from the filth visible between the window and the bed that it hadn't been cleaned for some time, if ever. The cups that we had used to make tea one day were left unwashed and the bed covers were just pulled up over the pillows which were left exactly as we had put them when sitting up in bed! We didn't expect a cooked breakfast but when the 'dining room' seated 14 and there was only a total of 5 cups to go round it proved to be a little novel. One guest asked another to finish her drink so that she could have the cup! Goerge Michael didn't disappoint us though but this hotel should certainly be given a very wide berth. When we checked out I told the man at the desk that the owner needed to do some work and he said &quot;I know&quot; - what more can I say?	
Oct 25 2006 	Not all THAT bad	Deciding literally at the last minute to go to London for the weekend in the middle of summer, this hotel was the cheapest still available, and we hurriedly booked it without checking back here first. Reading the review we were quite apprehensive, and perhaps because of that the experience wasn't that bad.Yes, the rooms are very tiny but then so are we, so that wasn't a big issue for us. It was reasonably clean as was the bathroom, though the shower cubicle was a bit leaky.The curtains did not completely close and were held together with a clothespin, but since the window looked out over a dirty alley we kept them closed anyway. The people next to us kept their window open all the time which meant we could hear exactly what programmes they were watching on the telly.The &quot;kitchen facilities&quot; were a bit of a disappointment: the little fridge didn't work properly and some compartments were filled with melting water. The tap was hanging off so washing dishes was very difficult. Speaking of which you have to bring or buy your own mugs, tea, sugar and milk if you want to make tea, as all that was in the drawers was one spoon and one fork.Breakfast was rather basic, with toast and cornflakes. The receptionist's wife usually came in halfway through to start making eggs and sausages, but by that time the early risers were mostly finished.We stayed at this hotel for the location, which was good and close to the Exhibition center, where we spent most of our weekend at a convention. Staff were friendly, however when there's a football match on you have to draw their attention to make sure they remember you're there. ;)Overall the hotel wasn't quite the war zone we had expected from the previous reviews, but also definitely not up to the standards they present themselves with on the net!Janet &amp; Di	
Feb 27 2006	terrible ruined our weekend	we booked this hotel based on what the hotel wrote about itself. the main things that attracted us was the fact it had cooking facilities and sat tv and full cooked breakfast. the photos on the site looked really nice and the location seemed great. in reality the hotel was filthy. the bed had no mattress protector and the bedspread was filthy, it had never been washed by the looks of it. the window dirctly above the bed did not shut and had a towel nailed over its four inch gap... the noise from the late night revellers was very loud. breakfast was a cornflakes and toast ... in a filthy dining. no sat tv... the room was so small you could have showered toiletted and seplt without getting out of bed. i would not stay there again if they paid me a grand a night it spoilt our weekend away we could have got a room somewhere else for same cost. dont go there	
Oct 18 2005	Stay was ok overall inspite of the problems	We have just returned from a 6-night stay at Exhibition Court Hotel 4. The staff were quite friendly at check-in. We arrived a bit early, about 9:30 a.m., after travelling overnight on a trans-atlantic flight. We were happy that they allowed us to go into the room then since check-in time was 13:00 hours. We experienced some problems with the room though. The water was not running out of the face basin, the water was not running out of the shower, when we opened the pipe to get a shower, the shower head immediately fell off as water started to come out of it, almost falling onto my foot, then the fridge had a real moldy smell, the toilet seat cover came off at one end. Was a bit disappointed at first, since they knew we were coming and the room was not really in a ready state for guest. We reported the problems, the guy came and used a plunger in the shower area and that helped, the face basin problem did not get fixed neither the shower head problem, so the following day they offered us another room. That room had a problem with the kitchenette sink, couldnt get any water from the pipe. I immediately asked the guy at the desk to come and look at it, he said he would, but he forgot. We went out, I reminded him as we were leaving, but hours later nothing had been done about it. The next day, I reminded them and they came and turned the water on from underneath the sink, only to return an hour later to say that water was leaking into another room below us so it had to be turned off. They said the plumber would be in the next day. He didnt come until early evening after having to go back to them again. Anyway the problem finally got resolved. Overall apart from the problems, my stay turned out to be ok. The hotel is at a good location. Its just that I would expect them if they are expecting guests to have the rooms in a ready condition. For example, I am sure the last guest who stayed in the room, reported problems with the room both the shower head falling off and plumbing problems in the shower and face basin area and the lack of water in the kitchenette, in fact I believe that is why the water was turned off from underneath the sink, because of the problem. I find the staff from one shift to the next do not communicate your problems effectively to the other person who is taking over. I didnt find the breakfast appealing, went down the first day and didnt bother after that. Also for persons wanting to do any sort of cooking in the room, I thought they could include things like a sharp knife to cut things, a little dishwashing liquid, a kitchen towel or paper towels, just little things that would help.	
Oct 15 2005	It is not a hotel. It is a rooming house.	Despite booking on-line and confirming our booking by phone, they screwed up our dates and tried to charge us for an extra day. It took ages to sort out. The staff were aggressive and bullying. There is no lobby as the &quot;hotel&quot; is just a narrow row house converted. There is no lift, so heavy bags must be dragged up narrow stairs. The room was so small there were no bed side tables. The drapes had to be held closed with a stationary clip that they provided for the purpose. Two of the light fixtures were hanging out of the ceiling by their wires, including the one in the bathroom. The &quot;breakfast room&quot; was also tiny with stacks of dirty laundry in it as it was next to the laundry room. The continental breakfat was the most sparse we had all trip. While it was close to the Tube Station, we went out the first night and found three other hotels even closer, larger and for the same price. We chose one and transfered our booking for the rest of the trip to another hotel. The new room was double the size, closer to the station and five pounds cheaper per night! We did not expect luxury in London for this price, but in camparing it to several other hotels in the same area at the same price range, it was decidedly inferior. Give this one a miss!	
Sep 14 2005	Would go back...	We stayed at the Longridge Apartments during the last week in August. Having felt a little apprehensive after reading the hotel reviews there was no need to be. The apartment was bright and modern with a fully equipped kitchen area. An ideal base for touring London, minutes from the tube and within staggering distance after a great night out on the Earls Court Road. The fellow on Reception at Exhibition Court 4 was very helpful and another staff member quickly came to our aid the evening our key would not turn in the lock! New keys were issued and no further problems encountered.Hope to return if in London again.	
May 31 2005	Very Good Value for Money	We just came back from a week's stay at Longridge Apartments, owned and operated by the same people who run Exhibition Court Hotel 4. It is not made clear in their ads that the apartment is not on hotel premises but about 1/2 mile away. Makes the move to the apartment a bit of a challenge. We had Apartment 3. Accommodation was sparse; no decorations at all, no towel bars, toilet paper holders and such. However, we had 2 separate bedrooms with extremely comfortable beds, 2 complete bathrooms, a full kitchen, and a small balcony. The apartment was very clean. Only 5 minutes walk to Earl's Court Tube. Cost was only 100 pounds per night. A true find for London; would book again.	
Jul 13 2009 	tutto sommato accettabile		
Jul 2 2009 	Nie Wieder		
Aug 13 2008 	hotel plus qu'acceptable.		
Jul 27 2007 	unglaublich schlecht!		
