Nov 2 2009 	A Wembley Must	We booked the hotel in January 2009 ready for our trip to Wembley to watch the American Football in October.We chose the hotel after looking at various other ones in London and Wembley Area, because of the reasonable rates, facilities, nearby amenities and access to the Underground line for Wembley.On arrival we checked in with a very friendly receptionist who advised although we were early there were 2 rooms available for us. The rooms were of an average size with large windows so very light. We found that there was no Satellite TV as advertised only channels 1-5. The rooms were also very warm. One of our rooms was on the ground floor and from general chatting we think that one was slightly cooler.We checked in and walked to Kenton tube station as we were going to London for the afternoon. (approx 30mins away on tube) The next morning we walked into Harrow centre (approx 10-15 mons walk) got breakfast and had a look around the shops. We then got the tube from northwick Park to Wembley (approx 10mins).All in all, if I was going to Wembley again, I would stay at this hotel again as the location and general facilities are perfect for a 1 or 2 night break.	
Oct 6 2009 	dont expect too much	Booked this trip as my wife had a conference there for during the week and we decided to make a weekend of it. We weren't expecting too much as the room only cost about £60 for a saturday night. We booked about 2 months in advance for a double non-smoking direct with the hotel. On arrival however they apologised and said they only had a double smoking left! The room really stank so they said they could accomodate us in a twin non-smoking, which wasn't exactly romantic. It was quite small - particularly the bathroom - you have to sit on the toliet kinda sideways to avoid the hand towel (and i'm not particularily fat!) Breakfast didn't look too appetising - crossaints overcooked, sasuages undercooked. When we looked for information on getting into london to see phantom of the opera - the receptionist didn't seem to have a clue what we were talking about!	
Sep 20 2009 	creaking floorboards	we choose this hotel because we went to a concert at Wembley Arena.The hotel is set in a quiet suburban road. It was a 15 minute walk to Kenton station[overground rail] Our double room was on the 2nd floor, &amp; the floorboards in our room, the neighbouring rooms and the corridor, were very noisy. I felt sorry for the guests staying in the rooms below. We had tea/coffee making facilities but the hair dryer was broken. The breakfast buffet, was first class &amp; fresh toast was brought, when we asked for it	
Aug 17 2009 	conmen	I booked to stay at this hotel and was assured that if i needed to cancel I only had to give 1 days notice gave plenty of notice of my cancellation, just had a phone call from the hotel informing me that they will STILL BE CHARGING ME even though they informed me on cancellation they would be re letting my roomplease be careful when booking with this hotel as they don,t stick to their end of the deal and take your money anyway.	
Aug 16 2009 	Handy for Wembley Stadium	I did an overnight B &amp; B stop as we were attending a concert at Wembley stadium - The hotel has freeparking, check in was fine, bar food was good and its was a 5 minute walk to the tube stop - 2 stops from Wembley all good so far. Room was very basic the only new thing in the room was the curtains, a small fan was in the room and it was really warm really needed air con. The wallpaper and carpet was shabby, a small TV with only 5 channels on it and a very shabby tired bathroom, our son was not impressed with the put up bed. We were on the front of the hotel room 211 it was along a tiny coridor but it was quiet and we slept well. The breakfast was ok usual fry up on offer buffet style - most of the hotel was staffed by our continential workforse they were very nice and helpful. Would I go again - if there was a better hotel on offer for the same price then no but it did the job - paid £120 for the 3 of us so cannot grumble too much hotel does need tidy up as looking shabby.	
Jul 15 2009 	bugs in bed	after quickly checking in to go and see oasis at wembley, we returned to the room at 1am , no lights worked which took the night porter 30 mins to fixon turning the lights on we discovered the bugs in the beddemanded to change rooms 2nd room again had bugs in bed3rd room didnt stank of smoke and was dirty now 2am we had to accept the last roombreakfast plates for buffet were wet and stuck togethr with butter ?gave up and left felt like our skin was crawlingglad to get home and have a shower.	
Jul 10 2009 	Wouldn't want to return to this hotel	I wasn't expecting much when we arrived here when wearrivedhere to see Take That at Wembley Stadium last weekend. This was the only hotel we could get a room in once we got tickets. Our room was in the annex - it was a bit disconcerting that the lock on the outer door was not working and that anyone could enter the annex. The room was small and the decor looked pretty cheap and tired but the bedding was clean. The bathroom was tiny but again was clean. There was a small fan in the room which was a godsend.On return from the show we went to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks - the bitter was off and the cider wasn't great. We didn't have anything to eat but the bar food looked pretty nasty.The bed was uncomfortable and the pillows were like bricks.Next morning, just as I was finishing my wash the cold water went off. Thank goodness I wasn't in the shower.Overall the hotel was poor value for money and not one we could recommend to anyone.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good location but no idea where the word 'comfort' comes into it!	We were put into a tiny room to begin with, with the loo jammed up against the radiator so you had to sit on it sideways! Heaven help you if the radiator was on! We were moved to larger room the next day, having to reach it through a labyrinth of creaky corridors covered in the scummiest carpeting I've ever seen. A heatwave, and no air conditioning, no fridge for water, just a measly fan. Fair enough the staff gave us another fan. Scummy shower fittings, shower head the size of a sixpence that dribbled out either boiling hot or cold water. Loo roll holder wonky and loose, towel rail broken, it smelt damp as extractor fan broke, handle missing from a drawer. Basically very shabby and dog-eared, admittedly sheets and towels clean. We stayed there 5 days and it was torture! We had previously stayed in a cheaper hotel in Manchester that had all the facilities and included breakfast. What a comedown this one was.	
Feb 2 2009 	value for money!	Read all the other reviews the night before our stay and wasn't looking forward to it based on what we'd read, but on arrival we were met by friendly helpful staff, the walk to the room showed that the floorboards do creak a lot but we reserved judgement until we saw our room.Our room was a little smaller than usual but was very clean, tidy and not small enough to cause any inconvenience.Because we had read the other reviews we checked eveything worked and found no fault, at first we couldn't use the shower and within minutes of calling reception someone showed us were we were going wrong.Overall we enjoyed our stay and we will definitely stay again.If you want five star then pay the price, if you just want a base to work from then this place is ideal and on par with other hotels that charge more.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Location Poor Hotel	We recently stayed at the Comfort Inn Harrow and I have to say you get what you pay for at this hotel (Not much !). Our First Room was in the annex building at the back of the hotel .The room smelt damp and there was mould on the ceiling of the room ,upon opening the draws we found that someone had left the used underwear, not a good start. The room had the smallest TV i have ever seen in a hotel room at a huge 14 InchesWoke up the first morning to discover that there was no hot water for a shower, unfortunatley no other double rooms so had to take a shower in a single room. We were told that the water would be back on later in the day and it was back on by lunch, unfortunatley the next moring there was no hot water again and we were told it would be off for all day as they didnt have a maintenance person there that day.We where eventually moved into a family room where there was plenty of hot water but wouldnt you guess it the shower would not turn fully off and dripped all night long and there was no one there to fix it.We had a very poor time at this hotel and will not be going back in a hurry ,The only good point about the hotel is that it is situated on a quiet residental street with easy access into central London via Northwick Park tube (5 Min Walk) or Harrow on the Hill Station (10 Min Walk)	
Jan 5 2009 	Comfort Inn? Surely not... The 'Creaking floorboard all night' Inn more like	As a incredibly well travelled man having stayed in many hotels within the country, but this one left me completely disillusioned with the normally remarkable comfort/choice brand. Admittedly Comfort Inn Harrow is only a two star hotel so expectation was already teetering on the low side despite good reviews on here. All was fine, me and my fiancé pulled up after a absolute nightmare London central drive to find the hotel. First thoughts of the hotel were good, looked nice and friendly however....Upon check in we were overshadowed by what I can only assume was the receptionists rather abrupt boyfriend in his civilian clothes. The receptionist was incredibly rude and demanded instant payment as if we were a pair of rogues looking to bunk off early in the morning. Not taking my gentle hint, the gentleman watched whilst we were paying for the room, and it overwhelmingly felt as though he was looking over the transaction which put my partner at some discomfort. The receptionist grunted the directions to our room after slinging us the room key to the unbeknown hellish room 223.Initial first reaction to the room was that it was incredibly hot, (The radiator wouldn't lower on the heat dial and the windows were unopenable, weather outside -3. I accepted it would be a sweltering night) Room state was in need of a desperate redecoration. However a very general look revealed.... Several white stains on the carpet, crumbs and other debris on the un-hoovered floor, a rusty bath towel holder, a filthy old hair dryer - brown with dirt, a sanitary towel disposal bag with a patch of blood upon it. The duvet was as thin as a crisp (but being such a ridiculously hot room it was good in hindsight) The worst of all was the noise generated by people walking upon the floorboards above, it sounded as though (in my fiancées words) like a elephant was running around in the room above. My main reason behind writing this review is because the floorboards. The noise was loud at midnight before we went to bed admittedly. This calmed at 1a.m and I gave it the benefit of the doubt. Its wasn't quiet creaking when it was happening it was like a real bad loud cracking noise persistently, not to mention the sound of banging doors, flushing toilets, slamming drawers and it all beyond my belief started again pronto at 6a.m the following morning. Having had barely any sleep I rang the rude gentleman on reception who unlike us sounded deep in slumber, he said they would investigate however the non stop noise continued all the way up until check out at 11a.m. Either there are some serious structural problems or the person above was having a riot and enjoyed non stop noise making. I am in the middle of making a serious complaint to the hotel, the company and relevant watchdogs. The blazay attitude from the staff the next day was not acceptable. I will say that unless your on the top floor and not a cleanliness freak then avoid this hotel like the plague. For the price paid - the room was not good enough. I have video footage available of the floorboard noise at the peak of the creaking for any fellow tripadvisor travellers who maybe are sceptical towards this reviews genuinity.	
Dec 12 2008 	Avoid at all costs	Arrived at 11 am told reception we would be leaving our car and checking in late on in the evening, Staff very rude and not interested.On our return at night there was a wedding in full swing, the doors where open to the outside and there was many people outside smoking and shouting.The guy on reception was very unhelpful and there was a very bad &quot;drain&quot; smell about the place.He tried to charge us£10 more than the website price and there was no one else to talk to so we payed him, went along the corridor which stunk of the drain smell, room was very basic and in need of redecorating, there were iron marks on the carpet where a hot iron had been dropped.The wedding guests where outside shouting and fighting till gone 1am, so we did not get much sleep.There are many other decent hotels in the vicinity so AVOID this smelly noisy overpriced excuse for a hotel	
Oct 14 2008 	Depressed by comfort inn harrow	I recently stayed here in the worst single room I have ever stayed in.The room was in the attic space of the building with the smallest window I have ever seen.In fairness the room was immaculately clean and the bed relatively comfortable,but the room was so small even the bathroom was bigger.The room was also oppressively hot even with the radiator turned off for the full duration of my stay.All the staff I came in contact with (reception,bar,breakfast room) could only be described as unfriendly bordering on rude.Altogether a not very pleasant stay.	
Sep 12 2008	disappointing	Hotel clean, but needs updating, reception staff could have been more friendlier. Got the impression from the website that Wembley Stadium was 10 mins walk, but found out when we got there that it would take us 1 hour and 15 mins to get there.	
Jul 11 2008 	Basic but worth the money	I have just come back from a weekend break in london, and a 2 night stay at the Comfort Inn Harrow.While a little bit difficult to find at first (spent about 40 mins walking up and down Northwick park avenue), I finally found the hotel.Upon entering, you will notice that it is infact a converted residential house, with a nice extension added. Very basic looking from the outside, the inside is much the same. Dont expect gold and marble, this hotel barely had carpet. After checking in, I was given a non-smoking room, even though for 3 weeks prior I had made numerous phone calls to secure a smoking room (which appear to be very limited). I was told very strongly by the receptionist on check in that all the smoking rooms had been taken. Oh well, on I went to my room. Up some very narrow creaky old stairs and I was there. The room was adequate for its purpose. Bed was a little on the old side, but clean and the room quite bright. All the facilities I needed were there, so happy days.All of the staff i encountered were very helpful, if a little bit difficult to understand at times. I would advise anyone planning on having breakfast there...dont!!. It is extremely overpriced at 9.95 pounds sterling. Location-wise the hotel cant be faulted for the price you pay per room. It is about 5 mins walk from the Northwick Park tube station, from where you can get a tube right into the heart of london, taking in total about 20 mins.Overall, i would recommend this hotel for anyone who just wants a place to put their head down at night. Its cheap and cheerful and does the job. If you are in anyway fussy though when it comes to your accomodations, stay away.	
Jun 11 2008 	Ideal location not ideal hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights for going to a gig at wembley. We paid £100 per night. While this hotel is ideal for wembley, as its only 2 tube stops away (tube station 5-10 min easy walk away), We both were very disapointed. The reception area is nice and clean, but as we made our way to our room, we started to see that the hotel was not as nice as we thought. The place is in need of a good clean, and decoration! the carpet on the stairs were held together with duck tape!!! If you are a smoker, do not get a smoking room!!! It was stinking! We had to open the windows and let the room have some fresh air for our whole stay. Our room was tiny!!! We had enough room to walk round the bed, and that was it! The bed was very well used, springs everywhere! We had to pay extra for our breakfast in the morning. You had a choice, but the food wasnt that good, it was just ok! the plate they give you are tiny, and for £9.99...you would expect a little more. We never had dinner, so i have no idea what the food on the menu was like! The staff were nice enough but had trouble understanding our british accent! Like most hotels the drink is over priced! It was ideal for wembely, but we wouldnt stay here again!! I would rather pay a little more, and get the comfort you expect!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Hotel great for Wembley or weekends in London	We stayed at Comfort Inn, Harrow for one night after going to see the Osmonds at Wembley, rather than travelling home.We printed out the map directions on the hotels website, but still managed to go in the wrong direction so here are the directions from Northwick Park Tube:- Come out of ticket barrier and turn right. At end of the short road (near emergency services barrier) turn LEFT. Cross over the road. At the end of the road turn right onto main road and cross over the main road at the traffic lights. Turn LEFT and take the first RIGHT onto Gayton Road. Hotel is about 200 yards down this road on the RIGHT.Check in was smooth and swift, we were in room 178 in the annexe, which is accessed through the car park.The room was on the first floor with NO lift. The room was compact and very dated, but had everything in it we needed like tea and coffee! A flat screen tv, fan, etc., the bathroom was tiny with a bath and shower over, loo and handbasin. You had to get into the room and get behind the door to close it, it was so small! But, the water was hot, that was all we needed. The mattress on the double bed was hard and lumpy, it had definitely seen better days (rather nights!) but as we were there only 1 night we could put up with that. Much longer not so sure.We had a meal in the bar area, a burger and chips with salad and coleslaw garnish was £9.95 and was huge. The chicken sandwich came triple decked and came with crisps and coleslaw, a pretty substansial meal for £4.95. With a pint and a soft drink our bill was £20 which I thought wasn't too bad at all.Breakfast the next day was continental or full, again, very substantial. For a Wembley visit or an economic weekend visit to the Capital I could recommend this hotel. Our room and breakfast was about £70 for both of us. Very good for London.	
Feb 26 2008 	Ideal for Wembley	Good location for Wembley Stadium, only 2 stops down the metropolitan line and within easy walk of the tube.Rooms are compact but include as much as you need for the price, though the sound proofing between rooms is not that good. Though would stay there again next time at Wembley	
Feb 20 2008	floorboards from hell	We were very dissapointed it certainly doesn't meet the standards of other Comfort Inns we have stayed in. Shabby from the outside and throughout. We were placed in an attic room which was considerably smaller than the other rooms. The wallpaper was torn and skirting boards chipped and scuffed. The landing &amp; corridors were the same.The bedding was clean and shower was good.Debbie Hull	
Oct 31 2007 	At the comfort inn now...	I'm currently staying at the Comfort Inn in Harrow, tonight will be my fourth night. Generally I've found it to be a very pleasant hotel. Upon arrival I was informed that my room was upgraded to a mini suite. I don't know how this compares to the standard rooms but I was very impressed with my room - 2 bay windows, a nice seating area, huge bed strewn with cushions etc. Yes, I found the room extremely hot, but that was solved by turning the radiator down from maximum and opening the windows. It is easier at least to cool down a room in that way, than be freezing in a hotel where they skimp on heating.I can hear people in the corridoors quite a bit, but my room is right next to some of the main stairs, so it is to be expected, and since I sleep like the dead it doesn't really bother me. There are a couple of slightly annoying things, 1) if you want room service you have to get the bill over £15 or pay £2.50 extra.2) When I ordered bacon on my burger in room service, it never materialised.3) A member of hotel staff (I presume) knocked on my room at 7.30 this morning. I have no idea why, and when I sounded sheepish they said they would return later? slightly odd! Its fairly near the tube, and only about half hour into central london. Its clean, comfortable and cozy.	
May 27 2007 	Far Too Hot	Seems like we had the same problems as everyone else. Checked in mid afternoon and went to the bar for a drink. Warm beer and differnt prices charged depending on who served you.The room was absolutely stifling with the heat and we couldn't open the bathroom window.Ran a bath before going out, only to find that the water was stone cold and on going to reception was advised that they knew but for some reason had omitted to tell us when we checked in.Managed to get a 20% discount for the first night due to the water.	
May 12 2007 	Perfect experience	This review is a little old (from November 2005) but after seeing theother reviews here I wanted to give the Comfort Inn some of the credit it deserves. My sister and I stayed here for a week while visiting our brother (who lives in Harrow). We picked the Comfort Innover the Quality because it had wireless internet access (don't remember how much it was per day but it wasn't expensive) and at a cheaper room rate.Our room was clean, cozy, and comfortable. After a few days it felt like home. My sister and I are used to staying in fine hotels and arevery discriminating--we can find a flaw just about anywhere--but our experience here was smooth sailing all the way. There was NOTHING that we complained about. (In fact, the word &quot;perfect&quot;--meaning therewas nothing we could criticize--came up throughout much of the trip.)The shower was great (great water pressure). Nice big windows (that weren't broken). TV worked fine. Beds were fine.LOTS of stairs! Not going all the way up but more like 5 steps up, then walk a few steps, then five steps down, etc.The area was quiet but not far from a main road. The hotel was quiet as well. The floorboards on the stairs creaked but we had no problem inside our room (either our own creaking or hearing creaking from outside). We both slept like babies.We didn't partake of the breakfast or the Indian buffet, so I can't comment on the food. We were there in November, so I can't comment on the air-conditioning.When we stayed there--again, in November--the $69GBP rate was offset by a $39GBP rate on the weekends (our total was $536USD for 6 nights...average $90USD per night). It was an excellent value. The $100GBP price currently listed is most likely because of Wimbledon; in fact, the hotel is sold out during that time.My aunt &amp; cousin went to London last year and booked a hotel in central London. It was an ultra-modern place and they didn't like it (for other reasons as well). They checked out after one night and went to the Comfort Inn (on our recommendation). They liked it very much and stayed there for the rest of the week. It's a comfortable hotel; you may not find it to be an &quot;oh wow!&quot; hotel (it'd be a surprise if you ever did for $90/night), but it's definitely not an &quot;ugh!&quot; or &quot;oh no!&quot; hotel. More like a &quot;this is a nice place&quot; hotel.The Comfort Inn was what you would expect for a lower end chain hotel...actually it exceeded our expectations. We weren't expecting the Four Seasons but we got a great hotel experience and when going back to London to see our brother it's the hotel we'd return to over and over again. (In fact, I'm going to London in July and am very disappointed to see that it's sold out.)	
May 2 2007	affordable hotel in not-so-affordable london	This was one of the more affordable hotels we could find that was not 20 miles outside of the city. We stayed here for 3 nights, April 27-30. The room we stayed in was very nice and clean (room 202). We had absolutely no problems with squeaky floorboards, a bad bed, or thin walls (unless people were in the hallways). We also found all of the hotel workers very friendly. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the Northwick Park metro station, from there is is about 30 minutes into the city. We will stay here again, but only if the price remains low enough to offset the price of commuting into the city. The tube is not cheap (about 6 pounds for a day pass).	
Apr 22 2007 	floors will drive youmad!	We stayed for 2 nights...and whilst the accommodation is adequate...it is no greater than that! The creaky floorboards are a nightmare!!They really must take up all the carpets and get someone in.Eventually, for the third time of trying, we were given a room where the bathtaps worked. This was a family room where the television was smaller than in the previous two double rooms - i.e. bigger room, smaller tele. Illogical or what?AND... they need new beds.. we could count the springs!!Useful location...but a bit of work (and investment) could bring it up to standard.	
Apr 13 2007 	comfort at the comfort	My husband and I stayed at the comfort in harrow for three nights. The hotel is quiet and peaceful,being off the main road, and we enjoyed the general atmosphere of the hotel very much. On previous visits to London we have always stayed in central London(and paid accordingly!!) so we were pleasantly suprised at how simple the journey from King cross was, and how quickly we arrived at our destination.However a better map on the website as to exactly how to get to the hotel from the tube station would have been appreciated! the map we printed from the web was geared to drivers, and we stumbled round - in unseasonably hot weather-for some time trying to get onto the bit of the road where the hotel was. there is a big roundabout and it was hard to see where to go.The room was very pleasant-large for London,I thought, and spotlesslyclean as was the bathroom. I liked having toiletries in big dispensers instead of the stupid little bottles you usually get, and the shower was GREAT- hot and very forceful.Breakfast was plentiful but not freshly cooked,and on two mornings we were served by a lovely man who hovered round filling up coffee cups, and left a huge pot of tea on my table,...big thumbs up from me.Last day, however we were served by someone else who gave me one cup of very stewed tea and then never appeared again. There were no clean plates, and no toast. can only hope that was a one off!! all in all, we had a very pleasant stay.there is plenty to choose from to eat if you go ten minutes walk to northwick park road, and the tube connection is excellent.It doesn't have the excitement of staying in central london, but then it's half the price!!	
Sep 3 2006 	hotel from hell	we stayed in this hotel for one night for a wedding and never again we had 2 hours sleep my poor kids cryed all morning to go home .the floorboards throughout are so noisy that you can not sleep and the rooms are far too hot stay away	
Aug 25 2006 	Awful awful awful	This is definitely the worst hotel I have stayed in this year, yet the most expensive! The night porter left me waiting outside for ages in the rain... his excuse? He was making himself a snack. The floorboards throughout are so noisy that you can't sleep if anyone is moving above you or near you on your level. They wouldn't give me an extra pillow even though only one was provided in the room. The bed was made so shabbily I completely stripped it and made it myself at 3am (this from a 22 year old lad!) The room was dirty, the bath had limescale and housekeeping helped themselves to my food! Please boycott this hotel as I did on my second night, even though I had already paid for the whole stay.	
Jul 28 2006 	Holidays from hell!	My sister and stayed at this awful hotel on July 27th. The weather was quite hot, but the rooms temperature was so hot we thought that the hotel was on fire! The window was broken and we couldn't open it so this made things worse, I asked help from the reception to fix the window and she just tald me &quot;Sorry no one is here to fix it&quot; When I complain for the heat she told me &quot;oh! the rooms are so hot, but sorry we don't have spare fun&quot;. It was realy like hell. In addition the room was dirty, there were remaining in the toilet from the former users, and the floor made noise when we walk, so when the guests in the above rooms walked we couldn'n sleaped. And we paid 95pound for this terrible night. It would be better to spent the nigth in the garrage. STAY AWAY	
Jun 20 2006	Just about the worst place we've ever stayed in.	my now husband and I stayed there with several other members of his family for his aunty's 90th - we have both traveled extensively all over the world and stayed in a wide variety of accommodation from the most basic to 5*+ and hand on heart we can truly say that this is the worst place we have ever had the misfortune to stay.We stayed in several Comfort Inns in Australia and NZ so thought this would be similar in service etc - how very mistaken we were!We arrived early afternoon - went to the bar - warm beer and no coffee available as the coffee machine was not working and they couldn't be bothered to go into the kitchen to make one either! The price of a bar meal was what we would have expected to pay in a 5* establishment.The bed was uncomfortable and dirty - there was rubbish on the floor and in the bin from the previous guest and the sheets were grubby.The next morning we were not only charged an extortionate amount for breakfast but my continental alternative to his lukewarm full English was orange juice - only 2 types of cereal or plain yoghurt (they were informed in advance that I am allergic to milk) - no fruit so all I was able to have as a piece of toast!The rest of the family had the sense to go down the road to the nearest cafe - twice the food, nice &amp; hot and half the price.Never ever again! We were bitterly disappointed.	
May 27 2006	Stay Away!	The Comfort Inn at Harrow on the Hill, England had to be the worst place to spend two nights in all of England. The front desk clerks were all surly. On the night we arrived the reservation clerk looked like he had just smelled dung when we walked in. Believe me, it was awful. The room wasn't big enough to swing a cat, and the window would open just a crack to keep us from suffocating. If this weren't enough, there was this strange ledge going into the shower which would be delightful if one didn't trip coming out and go lurching into the opposite wall. We had sore toes and bruised elbows trying to save ourselves! I've never been in a hotel where the staff were so obviously huffy and disgruntled about working there. No wonder, as we were equally bummed out at having to spend two nights in that poor excuse for a hotel. It should be renamed the &quot;Uncomfortable Inn&quot; at Harrowing Hill.	
Nov 1 2005	Quiet surroundings affordable accommodation	Hotel location: The hotel is located in a quiet and safe neighbourhood in Harrow, North London. It is about a 15 min walk from the Northwick Park Underground Station (Metropolitan Line).The city centre of London can be reached by tube in about 30 – 40 min.Hotel room:The hotel room was clean and comfortable and the size was O.K.. The bathroom was nice and clean and had everything one needed. Because the hotel is on a quiet side street there was no significant traffic noise. Hotel staff: I met the staff only by checking-in and checking-out and found them quite efficient.Summary:This hotel offers good value for money in a quiet area, especially compared with the exorbitant hotel rates of central London hotels. However, the Location in North London makes it not very convenient for tourists visiting central London because one wastes to much time on the tube.	
Feb 9 2005	Good value for North London	I have stayed there a few times and find the hotel and the staff to be efficient.A better alternative than staying at the overpriced hotels in Watford.Plenty of eating possibilities within ten minute walk.Go Indian rather than Chinese in this area.Good pubs too. 	
