Nov 20 2009 	Disgrace!	Not worth going into detail, just don't stay here.As I left I said to the receptionist 'this place is horrible' she replied 'I know'	
Jul 16 2009 	Don't even go there	The hotel is in good location, but that's about it. The room we have been in was absolutely terrible, cartons hanging off, dirty and i wasn't even brave enough to open to wardrobes. The Bathroom was even worse. I would rather pay extra and stay in clean room.	
Jun 1 2009 	Don't stay here...really!!	I don't know where to start...the room is small but this is OK for London, the bathroom was disgusting, the amount of mold in the tile and the shower doors was horrible...the location is excellent but is not worth a penny!! the staff was nice and the breakfast was only toast, coffee, juice, salami and cheese...Yes it was cheap to stay here but really if this is a business and they want people to come back they should clean a little better, there is no need for mold in the bathrooms, chlorine will clean this...	
May 3 2009 	It ruined my marathon experience	WE booked this a long time ago and at a very cheap rate. We booked 3 doubles for our family, and the night before (11pm at night) the hotel phoned to say that they had problems with plumbing and could they put us up in another hotel or a family room. I was running the London Marathon the next morning, and so sleeping with my mum, dad and sister was not high on my list of relaxing things to do prior to the marathon. When we arrived at the hotel they said there was no other room in London (which Im sure they were right about being London Marathon weekend) and they made us take the family room for 4 of us. We requested a discount for this and they refused stating that we had a very cheap rate anyway. (They did give us a family room the next night to compensate us) . The staff were very friendly, but there was also no option of me getting breakfast before 7am - again another nightmare before a marathon! Talking about the breakfast, that was appalling, hardly any choice and not enough seats. The Sunday morning I spent 15 minutes sat on the stairs waiting for a table. The receptionist desk is also squashed in this tiny breakfast room, It strikes me that the owners of this hotel are very greedy. The rooms were tiny.To be honest this hotel was really cheap - but I think if it was marketed more as a hostel rather than a hotel we would have been less offended.	
Apr 8 2008 	not good	We paid an exceptionaly cheap £120 for 2 nights bed and breakfast. A friend of mine booked it last minute but did not check the reviews. Have got to say that the only reason we stayed was not to offend my friend. This is the most tired place I have ever stayed. The receptionist bareley uttered a word then we were given our keys. As the lift only held one person at a time we made our way up the stairs. This was like climbing a mountain. Once we entered the room we were overcome by a damp smell. The bathroom looked like it had not been updated since the 1940s and was in need of replacing. The whole hotel is grey, grey, grey. In the morning we went down for breakfast. Continental?? 10 slices of plastic cheese, toast, tea and coffee.The saving grace was our location. Notting hill is a great location with plenty of nice bars and restaurants. Part of our group stayed in the Comfort inn which is about 10 doors up the road and for an extra £15 per night seemed by far the better option. .	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice staff shame about the room	I agree with cornish_pastie's review about the room features... Impossible to close the window as the handle didn't work. In any case as the room was overheated and there was a plumbing problem making the room smell damp, it didn't really matter. On the other hand, the staff are friendly and the breakfast is basic but OK. Check your credit card bill afterwards as they had already charged for the room before arrival!	
Sep 13 2006 	More Nottinghill Hostel than Hotel	My friend &amp; I stayed here over the Bank Holiday weekend in August as we were attending the Notting Hill Carnival.They put the prices up by £10 due to the fact of it being the Carnival- so we ended up paying £65:00 per room per night.We were quite disappointed with the layout of the hotel - very old fashioned with lots of strairs which were steep- the staff offered us the use of the lift there but it was so tiny and old we decided to use the stairs- as we were afraid that it might break down.The room was poor quality and very small. The beds were soft so I had an uncomfortable nights sleep there. The towels which they provided were old and messy. The bathroom was okay in size but the shower was too small - we both ended up with bruises and I hit my head on the tap a number of times. Room needs to be painted despartely and new furniture needs to be provided. It reminded me of an homeless hostel or bed and breakfast- I have been in a few in my line of work and I can say that this accommodation was on par with what is offered there.If you do go there please expect poor standard of accommodation!The only saving grace of the place was that the staff were very helpful and accommodating.	
Aug 25 2006 	Can only laugh!	Remember the price! I kept saying to myself.....It is surely one of the cheapest stays in central London you'll find.I stayed with my wife and MiL for a couple of nights.The room was oh so tired - not dirty - just tired!The shower room was 'amusing' - it had a false floor in there but the toilet was clearly fixed to the original floor so you had a bit of a 'drop' to sit down and ended up with your knees a lot higher than you might be accustomed too!The bed side lamps were all hard wired so unless it was a bulb gone they couldn't easily sort out a reading light.The wiring generally looked a bit suspect with ceiling roses missing.But it was so bad it was good and we couldn't stop laughing each time some other quick came to light.But to put up 3 people within 5 min walk of the tube at what are basically hostel prices.With more notice you can get modern fresh rooms at something like the Travelodge but without the 'character'.Didn't even see the dining room!	
May 30 2006	Very Disappointing.	We stayed there May 2006.I know this is a fairly inexpensive hotel but even so; the wash hand basin was broken &amp; patched up, the toilet cistern was hanging off the wall, the curtains were hanging by approx. 4 rings, the bedlinen was grubby, the furniture looked like it was from a 2nd hand shop &amp; the breakfast was a joke!The positives;the staff were helpful and the location was good.We would never stay there again.	
Apr 24 2006	Decent for the money	After a lot of research we believe this hotel was about all we could expect for the money in London. The staff made every attempt to accomodate us and the room was small (aren't they all in London?) but clean and properly made up each day. The location is great - a short walk from the Notting Hill Gate tube station. The only difficulty we encountered during our 6 day stay was from a bunch of noisy people next door who arrived at 2 am. The staff people called them immediatly and the problem was taken care of in reasonable time.	
Feb 7 2006	quiet nice	stayed there for 3 nights. the service was nice, the room was clear and the hotel was quiet too. the tube station is not far away. the people working there were helpful to give some hints for singhtseein. for 150 pound it was very good ! breakfast was good too !	
Jan 14 2006	Not that bad	I really don't understand all the people complaining about this hotel. I arrived with my party (of 5 people) in the middle of the night. We were welcomed by a very friendly person in the reception asking if we were hungry offering to order food for us. Our sleeping arrangements were a bit special and the hotel really had taken care that our requests would be met. I've stayed in hotels in London a couple of times before and paid more for rooms with less standard than in this hotel.	
Jan 2 2006	Nice	It´s a nice hotel, friendly staff, clean...For a 2star hotel, and the price that i've paid I was really satisfied with the room and the service	
Sep 1 2005	Nightmare hotel	I have stayed in hotels in many parts of the world (first through to third world) and have genuinely never stayed in a hotel so lacking in respect for its patrons. Three years ago, I went to NH carnival and booked in here; it sounded ideal. Whilst I gave my credt card details in good faith (their surety in case I didn't show), it was accepted that I would pay by cheque for my three nights stay - 180-ish pounds? Upon arrival, I was required to pay for my accommodation in advance which I did by cheque - only to find out subsequently that £500 had already been deducted from my credit card on the night I booked. It took my credit card company (Barclaycard) one day short of the three months time limit to recover the money. The hotel itself was awful, a tiny double room where the door banged against the bed so only one person could get into the room at a time, the skirting boards were missing, the toilet seat was on the floor, there were cracked and dirty tiles in the bathroom ... the list could go on. Breakfast for the hardy, was a jar of instant coffee, electric kettle, mugs, electric toaster, set out on a table in the cavern-like basement (ugh!). Ok if you had signed up for a hostel but the Notting Hill Hotel sold itself as better than that.The one point in its favour was the location.	
Jul 19 2005	Notting Hill - not a good choice...	We decided to save some money when booking this hotel. The pictures on the website looked really nice, but the hotel we found upon arrival was nothing like those pictures.I agree when people say you can't compare 4 and 5 star hotels to a hotel like this hotel, but there are some basic standards (clean, friendly service, a decent breakfast) any hotel should meet up too, especially when you're charged 55 Pounds per night!Rooms were old-fashioned, we looked out of the window straight into a wall, the bathroom was very small, sheets were dirty. The room was small; too small to really be there and feel comfortable.A first also was instant-coffee at breakfast...We were asked to pay for our whole stay upon arrival, which we can understand; if we had had a chance, we would have cancelled our stay within 10 minutes from the moment of arrival....	
Jan 26 2005	awful	This hotel is simply terrible. I stayed with 4 friends in two rooms. They were damp, had mould growing, smelt awful. Do not go there even on a tight budget!!!!!	
Jun 20 2004	Seven night at Nottin Hill Hotel	I had stayed at Notting Hill Hotel, at first time I was realy worry about coments in this website, but when I arrived I realized Notting Hill Hotel is very friendly, not luxurius, but clean, warm and very nice and safe area, rooms are clean, brights.I would recomend this small hotel if you want to spend holidays traveling around London in a quiet enviroment and reasonable rates at this familiar hotel.Also Iwould like to say I'd travelled a lot I've stay in differents hotels , but I can not understand some people who sayd&quot; we were at Ritz Hotel &quot;how they can even compare a small and friendly hotel with the cold Ritz and then decide stay and on the top insult and ofend on this way. Pedro Martin,Madrid,Spain	
Jan 27 2004	Bad bad bad...	This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. We couldn't get up early enough in the morning so we could get out of the place and stayed out as long as we could in the night. It was damp, dirty, smelly and cold. It was not possible to flush the toilet and it was growing mould in the shower and over the bed!	
Jan 10 2004	Disgusting - stay if you're a pyschopath or drug user	I stayed at the Notting Hill Hotel for 4 nights and I have to say it is THE most disgusting, depressing, smoke filled, dirty, unsanitary hotel that I've ever stayed in my entire life. You're talking to a world traveller here that has stayed in many a friend of a friends house, hostel, campgrounds, and the Ritz. The Notting Hill hotel is in a GREAT location, absolute wonderful area of the city - BUT I caught a terrible skin rash from my bed and I still have it to this day to remind me of that gross hotel. The resturant is deep in the basement, it looks like a place that pyschopaths would go to perform killings - it's just one of those &quot;trust me&quot; situations - PLEASE STAY AWAY from this gross hotel. Pay a few dollars (yen, quid, euro, whatever) and have some pride in yourself and stay someplace else.	
Dec 17 2003	Damp and dreary	We stayed at this hotel for 2 days and won't be going back. But what should I expect for 49 quid a night in London. Even though the staff were very friendly it could not save the experience we had there. As soon as I walked into the roon there was a stench that was absolutely awful and could only be escaped by constantly lighting up cigarettes to drown out the smell. There was mould in the shower and we could hear the conversation of our neighbours at all times. I would not recommend this hotel even though the location was ideal!!!!	
Dec 15 2008 	BELLO		
Aug 19 2008 	hotel ben situato a londra		
Apr 24 2008 	Pas très commercial		
Aug 19 2007	No se os ocurra ir allí.		
Apr 29 2006	notting hill hotel un viaggio nella londra com'era.....		
