Sep 20 2009 	Spacious and comfortable corporate apartment near St. Paul's	The King’s Wardrobe is a recently renovated corporate apartment complex, just a 1 minute walk from St. Paul’s cathedral. It’s located just off quaint Carter Lane, a narrow old street filled with coffee shops, restaurants, and pubs. My husband, son and I stayed for 7 nights on a recent business trip to London. We found the location to be very convenient, with ample food options, grocery stores within walking distance, access to tourist sites like the cathedral and the Millennium Bridge, which was a 3 minute walk away. Bus lines ran in front of the cathedral. However, Blackfriar’s station (the closest) is closed for renovation until 2011, so you’ll need to walk to the station prior or after to access the District/Circle lines.We stayed in apartment A0.5 on the ground floor, just around the corner from reception. It was a large one bedroom that more than amply stored our luggage as accommodated a crib. The flat had a full bath with both a large shower and a luxuriously deep bath tub. There was also a 2nd half bath just behind the kitchen. Toiletries were provided.The bedroom had a queen sized bed with lots of closet space, night stands, and a chest of drawers with a small TV on top. The kitchen was large, with a full sized refrigerator/freezer, laundry machine, dishwasher, oven, stove, and dishes to use. A basic welcome kit of simple groceries were provided. A few tablets for the dishwasher were provided, but if you needed more than 3, you had to buy more yourself at the grocery store. The kitchen led into the dining/living area, which had a reasonably sized table that seated 6 people. The living room had a loveseat and chair, small tv, coffee table, and sideboard. The condition of the apartment was very good – everything was clean and modern and in working order. Cleaning service is weekly, and ours came on Wednesday.The service of the front desk staff was generally helpful – one gentleman even helped us sort out an issue with the telephone in our room late at night. The staff seemed to recognize us and were very friendly when we came and went. And we were given a one hour late checkout graciously.Things that could have been better:1) The walls between rooms are paper thin. The first 2 nights, our next door neighbor made phone calls home to the US after midnight, and we could every word she said. It was as if she was in the room with us.2) They charged us for a crib. In the 22 months since my son was born, we’ve stayed in over 15 hotels and corporate apartments in several countries in Europe, Asia, and the Americas, and this is the only one that charged us for a crib. And even with that, we had to bring our own crib sheet, as that would have been yet another charge.3) The kitchen did not come with a sponge and dish soap, which was rather annoying when we arrived late at night and needed to clean sippy cups from our trip. We asked at the front desk, and were given directions to a grocery store.4) The mattress (both for the queen bed and the crib) was very thin and not very comfortable.We would stay here again if we felt we needed a place with a kitchen and laundry, and we did really enjoy the location. However, if traveling solo, I’d consider returning back to a hotel instead.	
Jul 25 2009 	Perfect	We spent 10 days in a large 2 bedroom flat. The place was very clean and modern.The service was great. Exactly what we needed for our vacation in London. Just perfect (there's no A/C which for us was no issue as weather was great).	
May 28 2009 	Second stay - just as good as the first	True to the statement in my previous review, I chose Kings Wardrobe for a follow up stay in May. Once again, I had excellent communcation with the General Manager to ensure my booking was in place and I was interested to see if the standard was consistently high.This time I stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment and it was just as nice as the first stay. The helpful welcome pack makes a lot of difference. The location is wonderful, close to St Pauls and walking distance to the financial district with lots of local restaurants and coffee shops in easy walking distance. The area felt safe and secure and the welcome from the desk staff was again friendly and warm. I will continue to recommend and return to Kings Wardrobe.	
Feb 27 2009 	Lovely little studio apartment in perfect location	A perfect little studio apartment, ideally located round the corner from St Paul's, with all manner of restaurants and shops. The kitchen had everything you could possibly need for a weekly stay: oven, microwave, hob, dishwasher, clothes washer and dryer. I would stay here every time, if it wasn't always booked up!	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice Stay at Kings Wardrobe	Stayed here Christmas/NYear's week, and had a very nice visit. Our family of four normally stays in a hotel, but four in one room in Europe is increasingly difficult to find, and getting two rooms is too expensive. So we tried this apartment option and we were very pleased. 2 bdrms, 2 baths, family room, and a kitchen with a washer/dryer for the price of a hotel room. We will do it again.Have your expectations set properly however. You're renting somebody's condo/apartment basically. There's no hotel lobby; no hotel bar; no daily maid service (once weekly); no room service; no bellhop; etc. But there is a 24/7 on-site representative, and they assisted with our bags on arrival, gave us an intro to the apartment, provided a power adapter (ours blew up), reproduced a misplaced room card at midnight, researched rail connections out of London, etc.This particular property (there are numerous similar properties in London) was located 2 blocks from St. Pauls. Rail/tube nearby at Blackfriers, tube behind St Pauls, and grocery, drug and Starbucks stores 2 blocks. Very quiet neighborhood. A little hidden and difficult to find; research your mapquest thoroughly before seeking it out. But all cab drivers knew where to go, once you said &quot;Carter Lane near St Pauls&quot;.	
Dec 15 2007 	Very nice stay at the Kings Wardrobe	This past week I spent three nights at the Kings Wardrobe, located very close to St. Paul's Cathedral. This is a corporate apartment building with several floors of very spacious and well appointed one-bedroom apartments. The Kings Wardrobe is in a very quiet spot set back from Carter Lane, a narrow little street with mixed use. The front desk is manned 24 hours per day. I arrived jet-lagged from the US in early morning and the individual at the front dest (Shaf) bent over backwards to find me a place where I could nap for a couple of hours, even though my room was not yet ready. This fellow oozed customer service from all his pores. The apartments are very large, very modern, and come with breakfast and snacks for several days. The kitchen was wonderful, very modern with good appliances. By comparison, nearby hotels are much more expensive and provide small rooms for the most part. One must remember that since these are apartments, there is no daily maid service, nor the other services one finds at a hotel. But if that doesn't matter to you, this is a great option and I strongly recommend it.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great location near St Pauls and very comfortable alternative to Hotels!	We stayed as a group of 4 in a 2 bedroom apartment here for a weekend in March 07, and I stay here regularly for work (London office on Aldersgate).This property is run by Bridgestreet Worldwide, who also operate other sites in London (and other cities). It is aimed at corporate travellers I think, but we've found it just as good for personal travel, so long as you aren't the sort of person who wants to be &quot;waited on&quot; - the staff consists of a guy at the front desk. The apartments are all self catering (aside from a basic &quot;welcome pack&quot;), clean and modern.The King's Wardrobe apartments are on a quiet side road very close to St Pauls Cathedral. If you are woking in the city, they're a reasonable choice ,location wise. As a tourist, its good for St Pauls, Tate Modern and the Globe etc and as St Pauls is on the same tube line as Oxford St/Bond St, its pretty convenient. The space is amazing, especially if you are used to cramped London hotel rooms. To have your own kitchen, for any extended stay ,is great. The apartment we had comprised 2 bedrooms with king size beds, one of which was en suite. There was also a second bathroom, a main (large) lounge area, and a kitchen (with pots pans and plates etc).I've stayed here several times and the one beds are also very spacious - the only thing taken away is the ensuite bedroom.The lounge had 2 sofas and a full TV/DVD/CD set up. As an alternative to a hotel, we'd consider this every time we come to London. Sure, there are times when we'll want to have everything provided for us, but for space in the city, this is hard to beat.The only thing I've not been totally happy with are1. the temperature - some of the apartments seem to get very hot, and the thermostat doesn't seem to work at all. If you're on the ground floor, you can feel a little reluctant to leave your windows wide open to let the air in, making it a bit stuffy.2. Sometimes the plates/glasses in the kitchen aren't very clean Generally though - very good.On price, A one bed mid-week (corporate rate) was about £133+VAT, but I understand that there are deals to be done at weekends!Worth a look - they have a website.Enjoy!Michael	
Jan 20 2007 	A week at the Wardrobe	I just got back from a week in the kings wardrobe in London.Pros:Bigger than a hotel room for a similar cost. (Kitchen, Bedroom, TV Room)Next to the business district and St. Pauls.Cons:A bit dated and worn inside.There was a parking garage under my room and was some noise in the morning.Doors in the hallway have no cushion and are slammed shut and annoying.All in all, not a bad place, but not a great place.	
