Aug 1 2009 	Never Again	Room 10 top of house, not en-suite as described so need pjs to use &amp; shower no good if you're over 5'6&quot;, water pressure non-existent. Room 2 next to office, extremely noisy &amp; if you're bigger than a size 14 you'll not fit in the loo, sounds like you're in an underground water system when next door use their 'bathroom'. We stil can't believe there was a loo and shower in that tiny space.Breakfast room was a joke. Cramped, stuffy and sat at a kitchen worktop looking out onto to a jungle of garden!Curtain poles in both rooms were hanging off therefore curtains were closed all the time.	
Jun 24 2009 	You get what you pay for....	This is a low cost hotel and struggles to provide the basics. It is essentially a B&amp;B. I had a single room with bathroom down the corridor and a shower that didn't work. The room itself was clean and comfortable. It is a 10-15 min walk from Harlesden tube (zone 3) and then 20-25 mins to oxford circus on the bakerloo. There are no restaurants nearby but you can get take away's e.g. fish &amp; chips to eat in your room.	
Jan 13 2009 	Decieving	After reading shining reviews on this 'hotel' (which should actually be called a bed and breakfast) my partner and I booked the Hollingbury Hotel for our stay in London. Upon arrival we soon realised that most of the shining reviews were probably made up by the manager (who was NOT the most welcoming person) Location: The website mentioned that it was 'an ideal location' which is quite the contrary. At the time of booking, the website also mentioned that Madame Tussauds was a 10 min journey away and that it was close to all other London attractions (I see this has now been changed - perhaps because others who were decieved like us complained.) It is situated in Harlsesden, suburb far from the center of the city, which takes 40 mins to get to via the tube (and another 10 to walk to the station). It is therefore NOT close to London attractions as the website mentioned. Contrary to the website, the journey to Madam Tussauds takes at least 30 mins, not 10! Harlesden is not a pleasent suburb either - I would not have liked to wonder those streets alone at any time of the day. Room: Room was small but clean, as was the bathroom. The room did have some downsides though - firstly the 3 lamps in it did not even have lightbulbs in them, and we had no control over the heating.	
Jan 13 2009 	Converted house in an obscure suburb	Not what I'd consider a hotel. This is a converted house offering a B&amp;B type service. It's in the London suburb of Harlesden and nowhere near anything. It's a 10 minute walk to the train station which is London Overground and most services require you to change trains for Underground. And don't expect to find taxis at Harlesden station.Upon arriving at hotel and ringing the bell we were &quot;greeted&quot; by the receptionist; he opened the door and said nothing (not even hello). We were having serious doubts about the place at this stage, but had come off a long flight and were tired. After we explained that we had a reservation he let us in, and to his credit did let us check in early.There is no lift to the rooms but the receptionist did help us carry our cases up the stairs. Rooms are tiny and there is no fridge or telephone. Our television didn't work and some lamps didn't even have globes. Bathroom is also very small but modern. Bathroom mirror is better suited to a dollhouse.Breakfast consists of cereal and toast and juice, coffee and tea and is the best thing about the hotel. Final straw came when on our second last night, we asked receptionist to arrange a taxi for us for the following morning. When we checked out (different receptionist) I was told nothing had been arranged but he said he'd call one that moment. Instead of a taxi, we were taken by a private car without a meter, and we didn't agree on the price.We were travelling around Europe and were so unimpressed we cancelled our return stay there.	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice people but rooms left something to be desired.	The gentlemen that run the place are really nice and helpful and for the price, I guess it is ok. However, the shower was broken in our first room, there were bugs in the bed, and the sheets seemed clean but had an overall damp feeling to them - poor ventilation? We switched rooms to find the new room with bugs as well and a dirty looking shower. The area was sketchy and the tube was a bit of a walk. Also, drunk strangers barged into our room on a Saturday morning. Our door was open whilst dealing with the bug issue and they just sauntered in - friendly, but all the same were not staying at the hotel and just were able to come up the stairs and inside. For £103 for a triple room for 2 nights, I guess you have to deal with these things?	
Sep 21 2008 	BED BUGS	I woke up with bed bugs crawling on my pillow and upon inspection found a family of bed bugs on the bed frame.	
Jul 6 2008 	No problems	We managed to get this hotel via laterooms, paying £70 for a quad ensuite room. Standard price is usually £85 I believe.The area is a bit rough. I wouldn't personally wander round by myself, but with four of us it was no worry. Harlesden tube is about 10 minutes walk. The only parking is in residential streets next door, so we did empty the car of belongings and check up on it in the evening.The people working there were friendly and happy to help. Breakfast is chaotic - kind of like a large family breakfast! They only have a small kitchen so you might be asked to wait and they will come and knock at your room when there's space. Perfectly fine though - cereal, toast, fruit and tea/coffee/orange.The room and ensuite were clean and looked recently updated. Beds okay, TV with skybox. No tea making facilities so maybe bring a travel kettle! I liked the place, and even more for the cost :)	
Jun 16 2009 	Horrible y muy alejado		
May 5 2009 	Pernottare all' Hollingbury? Esperienza da non ripetere		
