Feb 19 2009 	Economy conscious	First tip for staying in London that we pass along to all our friends is: If your going to purchase a London Travel Card (allowing you to use the buses, tubes etc.) only make the purchase for Zone 1. You can purchase a card that will cover the entire city or only certain sections, but as we’ve learned from previous trips, Zone 1 is where ALL the major tourist attractions are located. Don’t make the mistake of buying a more expensive travel card than what you really need.We had no concerns in booking with this hotel. It is part of the Comfort/Quality Inn chain of hotels. It is very close to the Victoria Train/Tube station and within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Westminster, Horse Guards, Thames, London Eye, Downing Street, Trafalgar Square etc. Last time we were in London we stayed at the Quality Inn Kensington. It was a wonderful facility but decided that this time, to be closer to the main attractions. Therefore we choose this hotel for location and price.You get what you pay for in this expensive city.Other then the lobby, which looks recently updated, the rest of the facility is in need of a major face lift. The lift was able to fit 3 – 4 people only at a time as long as none had luggage. The hotel was clean and quiet. A nice surprise considering how close we were to a train station and major roads. The air conditioning was feeble to put it mildly. We happen to be town during a very warm spell at the end of July beginning of August. The A/C was turned off or shut itself off (timer ?) every time we left the room. When we got back, the room was hot and the machine was barely able to cool it down after a couple of hours work. The bathroom was tiny but did the job. The tub/shower were raised so you had to watch your step when getting out/down from a shower. The room was small with two twin beds. The sheets didn’t really fit the bed. There was a small table and two chairs in addition to the beds. We are use to having a little entrance hall in a hotel room when you enter from the hallway. This room did not have such a feature. You open the door and it bumps one of the beds. You walk into the room and sidestep the closet. Anyone in the hallway is easily heard. We went to the front desk to request a second key so that we could go our separate ways if needed. No such system. Because of the age of the equipment, the ‘Key’ is not electronic and easily duplicated for multiple guests. The key is reminiscent of a computer punch card. One key per room only. We were offered the option of always dropping the key off when we left so if we did separate, one of us could get back into the room without the other being present. Because of the locking system, and occasional noise from the hallway, I didn’t feel as safe as I normally do when staying in a hotel.As with many hotels in England, we had to beg for ice from the bar staff so that we could drink our pop/juice cold in our room.We never ate in the restaurant at the hotel.It was a great location. Victoria station and environs have some nice little pubs/restaurants. The station exit closest to the hotel has a Sainsbury Grocery Store which allowed us to easily pick up fresh fruit every day. It is less then a 10 minute walk from the station to the hotel. The station is also one of the many “hop on – hop off” double-decker city tour bus stops. Even coming home late after see one of the many London theatre shows we felt safe walking the streets/lanes around the hotel.We stayed here for 4 or 5 nights at the end of our trip. I don’t think we would book here again. For shorter stays it might be a possibility. Keeping in the mind the minimal differences in cost for staying in hotels in this section of London, I don’t think we would mind spending slightly more to stay in a hotel with a higher star rating. (We had considered The Rubens at the Palace hotel. We went there for Sunday Brunch. It is well worth the cost.)If cost is your only concern, then you won’t go wrong with staying here.	
Sep 16 2008 	Not to great	I booked this hotel as the majority of the better looking hotels were fully booked for the weekend 13/14 September. The main reason I chose this hotel over others was the close proximity, to the Apollo Victoria Theatre (Wicked is currently showing). Sizing up the location on Google maps was difficult, but in reality it is quite near to Victoria Station, which made travelling connections very easy, about 7mins walk away.The reception staff appeared to be of short temper, the only caring member of staff was the one with the badge stating “in training”. There was a lack of customer service generally.The hotel, I felt looked quite run down from looking at the exterior, but inside faired similar merit. The interior paint work looked ready for an overhaul. The curtain was tinged with grubbiness either from London smog or bygone eras of smoking within the rooms. The en-suite facilities were compact and felt slightly claustrophobic, the tightly packed amenities only added to this feeling. The bath had previous guest hairs in the bottom, which I found to be a little disturbing.The comfort of the bed was like a worn in brick, the mattress was rock solid in the middle and floppy around the edges, also in need of replacement. The bed linen, the skirt around the bed looked it also could do with a wash, like the curtains- grubby. The top pillow, looked crisp white but on arranging the pillows the 2nd pillow looked as if it had never seen a washing machine. The duvet was so heavy also looked much worn.The hotel is good for its location and price but other than these two factors I would not rate this hotel.	
Sep 15 2008 	3 star that does what it says on the tin	Great location, friendly staff, nice breakfast, clean room..... I would definitely stay here again if I needed a base in the centre of London. It's a 3-star and once you bare that in mind you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 27 2008 	Terrible staff don't go!	The staff is terrible, the hotel manager is completely incapable of working with guests, seems like they have no idea what service means.Never go this hotel, because the problem is with the managament, the boss, not the bartender or whosoever can be changed next week.I think the black female manager (don't remember her name) ruined a lot of our London stay, i had to calm down my travel mates and overall we got in very bad mood because we chose this hotel.	
Aug 23 2008 	staff :(	Hi,I am from Hollandwhat a worse experience this hotel *staff couldnt find booking*staff was moody*wanted room breakfast they asked me &quot;cant u have breakfast in the restaurant&quot; hello thats my decision*toast burnroom was ok but staff terrible dont go to this hotel	
Aug 3 2008 	Good value for money	Concerned about visiting this hotel after reading your reviews but our experience was very positive. Staff on arrival friendly and helpful and continued this trend during our three nights stay. The room was large comfortable and spotlessly clean. This was the quietest hotel room I had ever stayed in even though it was full. Victoria station is very big and can cause confusion as to which exit to take for the quickest route to the hotel. Once we gained our bearings the hotel was excellently placed for access to all tourist attractions.	
Jul 23 2008 	Not Quality but definitly OK	Good location, ok sized rooms (I stayed twice and once was quite small, next time was pretty big), good price, friendly staff. The hotel's a little run down but I quite liked it!	
Jul 6 2008 	OK if you're stuck	I stayed in a single room as a walk-in guest and received about 5% discount from the rack rate (for the last available room). The room was a decent size, and it had a nice view of the square across the road. The air conditioning unit worked really well. There was a kettle with tea and nescafe. These are the only real positives. Everything else was either average or below average. In particular, as mentioned by others, sound travels from the other rooms. Also, the water pressure in the shower was minimal.If you are stuck and want to avoid a B&amp;B, then this might work for a short stay. Otherwise I would recommend looking around for something with better value-for-money.Wireless Internet was available (approx 9 pounds for 24 hours' access).	
Jun 28 2008 	It's not that bad!	I was booked into this hotel for a one night stay through my work. I read the reviews and arrived, slightly wary as to what I'd find. I've stayed in plenty of London hotels, and I have to say that as hotels go, this was OK. It's not great, but my stay wasn't bad either.My taxi driver informed my that this is in Pimlico, not Westminster, but it's not far outside Westminster if that is the case.The welcome was polite and prompt - better than I'm used too.The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was light (outside windows for a change!) and also clean. They had those nasty sachets of shower gel etc, so I was glad I had my own.Breakfast wasn't amazing, but it was cooked to order. They offer Fairtrade coffee, but that appears to be tokenistic. No Fairtrade tea, nor Fairtrade coffee in the rooms, and no other sign of a more ethical approach than anyone else.Overall, a good night's sleep and acceptable breakfast. Value for money wasn't great, but this was the start of Wimbledon week, so you won't find vfm then anyway!	
Jun 25 2008 	A hell hole of a hotel !! - no sound insulation between rooms	I stayed here for 1 night in June 2008, choosing a double room for single occupancy. The first room I was allocated seemed reasonable as I entered. However, it soon became apparent that the walls on all sides were paper thin. Not only could I hear my neighbours televisions, but intimate details of the conversations they were having - they were only speaking at a normal level.Fearing that I would get absolutely no sleep I wenty to the reception desk to ask to move rooms. They did move m,e, but to a single room that had many faults: The wardrobe hangers were falling off the rails, but more importantly the en-suite bathroom was so small that I had to sit side-on to the toilet as I could not sit in a normal position. I am not tall - 5ft 4 in tall!Had it not been 11.30pm at this point I would have left to find somewhere more pleasant to stay. The service I received was definitely not worth the £120 per night my company paid.Breakfast was pretty average for a 3-star hotel, nothing special. I won't ever return to this hell hole of a hotel!	
Jun 9 2008 	Quality it aint...	Bog standard hotel in a central and good location. The staff are ok and quite friendly but the room was small and pretty dirty, the food bad and the beers pricey. If you are staying here though just walk out of the main doors turn right and keep walking around the corner for a number of good pubs and places to eat.	
May 30 2008 	NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL	A friendly warning to all you travelers out there!Do not stay at this hotel.For starters the pictures they put on the web do not at all look like the hotel room that you get.The hotel room did not look like anything the picture showed.The bed was very small for 2 people to sleep in,the blanket on the bed is enough for one person to cover up with.The bathroom shower flow is a drip,oh yeah no washcloth is provided at this hotel whatsoever.The staff are rude,asked them a question acted like i was a bother to them.On the day we checked out we looked at our bill there was a breakfast charge on there,we never had any breakfast.The staff looked at us like we were lying about the charge.Save your hard earned money and stay somewhere elseOne more thing the cleaning people go around and knock on the door to see if they can clean the room at 7am in the morning.I am not a very picky person but i will say this this hotel needs a good shakedown on the way it treats travelers.It is sad that a hotel in this primelocation of Victoria station is such a unprofessional hotel.P.S.This hotel should not even say the word Quality,just wanna let ya all know down the street theres a comfort inn on the corner across from Georges .pub may wanna book your room there.Thanks for listening to my input on this dump.	
Apr 21 2008	Was Not Quite the Quality We Were Looking For	We went as a large group to London, England, to perform with our school orchestra at Cambridge University. The location of the Hotel was perfect. However, the service and cleanliness left much to be desired. One of our group members contacted bed bugs and had to go to the doctor while there. She was not even given an apology and was told NO REFUNDS. They did, however, move her to another room -- wasn't that thoughtful?!! The staff seem to resent having to clean our rooms and give us linens and towels. I asked for an extra set of towels one evening and was told I would not receive clean towels the next morning because I had been given the extra set! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone because of the poor service and lack of respect we received while there!	
Apr 9 2008 	Consider your options before staying here	This hotel is in a great location....close to Victoria Station, making buses, the tube, and sightseeing easily accessible. It appears to be clean, but there was a case of bedbugs during our stay. The lady was bitten horribly on any exposed skin while she was sleeping. The bedbugs were discovered crawling up the wall and nesting in a corner of the room. It appeared that many of the hotel employees spoke very little English so this made conversation about room needs very difficult. The rooms are small, but the features vary. Most rooms have two single beds or one double bed. I think it is safe to say that the hotel is very old, appears to be clean (except for the bedbug issue), and is probably a fairly good deal for the price and location. The free continental breakfast had a good selection of food, but the employees seemed irritated when having to unlock a door for someone or do anything above and beyond the call of duty. The hotel simply meets minimal standards, with toilets that didn't work well, something that resembled sewage fumes in another room, and problems that develop in an old hotel. The name &quot;QUALITY HOTEL&quot; is very misleading...to say the least. I would not want to stay there again and take a chance on bedbugs and other issues.	
Mar 26 2008 	Surprisingly good!	A Norwegian friend who's just spent a week in London booked this hotel for us both through her travel agent at home, and I have to admit I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews left by people on this site! But I have to say my fears were groundless...the room was a good size, and although it was cold when we arrived it heated up quickly once the wall-mounted heater was turned on. Comfortable beds, a great view over some tennis courts and mugs to make our daily cuppa in...if you asked me to be really picky, the bathroom could have been a little larger, but that's about it - we had a thoroughly enjoyable stay, and would definitely return again. A couple of tips for overseas visitors who are in London for the first time, though...one, don't pay the slightly extortionate restaurant charges, because there are plenty of nearby places where inexpensive meals can be found...and two, don't pay the slightly extortionate charges for internet access, because there are many places within walking distance where you can go online for a pound an hour as opposed to the fiver an hour that the hotel wants.	
Jan 28 2008 	You get what you pay for	Teeny tiny room for a reasonable rate. I had a twin bed against the window, a closet bath and a small patch of floor. Luckily, I didn't come to London to hang out it my room. it was just a place to sleep and in an excellent neighborhood. They were having a rare heat wave in London at the time and the room was very stuffy. I don't imagine that is a problem most the year. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 1 2007	Not too much quality after all	The Westminster hotel was an okay price hotel with an excellent location near to the tube, still in a quiet and safe neighbourhood, with a lot of beautiful buildings and parks. Within a walking distance there are some restaurants, fastfood places and shops without having to go to the city centre.But I have to say that the pictures in the website and in the catalogues tell a little bit different story about the rooms and other facilities in the hotel, as the reality is... First of all the rooms were really small. Additionally, we had a hole under our room door, which didn't create a very safe feeling... Because it's an old building and the floors and walls have been living their own life, the corridores and everything looks like curved... There is no soundproof, you can hear all your neighbour rooms and everything that happens in the corridores. It can be very distracting.The breakfast is ok, and breakfast room is nice. The staff was ok, not too friendly but not rude either.Yet I have to say that I will never go there again.	
Oct 31 2007	No Quality at the Quality Hotel Westminster	This hotel is absolutely diabolical. The staff are mostly East European and although very nice and willing they have a mixed understanding of English. The single rooms are well worn and have duvets the size of a postage stamp. The rooms get very cold at night and the wall-mounted heater is barely adequate. Breakfast is basic and if you opt for the full English, prepare for a very greasy serving. In short avoid this hotel.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good budget choice close to Victoria Station	This hotel is for a budget concious traveler who wants a good, safe location, with basic hotel services. The hotel front desk staff was helpful and very professional. The room was small but clean; a new carpet, a queen size bed, a small TV [with only few local channels ] and one side chair to sit. The small bath room had a [large] tub and shower [the european, all in one combo style]. For our one night stay, the hotel was a good choice .Note, the hotel is part of the Sleep Inn chain.	
Sep 18 2007	Good Experience	We are a senior couple and found this hotel quite adequate. The staff was particularly helpful. We were planning to meet relatives at the hotel for lunch and found that the restaurant was not going to be open at the time we had arranged to meet. The manager arranged for our wishes to be accommodated.We would also like to thank the night staff who was on duty in the early hours when we were returning from a tour that was late returning to London. Something to note is the fact that this hotel is not actually on Eccleston Square as listed, but on Gillingham - causing some problems for tour operators picking up and dropping off.The room was a good size and clean although the bathroom was an awkward shape. Not far from Paddington Station and within walking distance of Victoria Station. Altogether, very good for our needs.	
Sep 5 2007	good buy	I researched and read the horror stories about London hotels, even the real expensive ones. I picked this one based on the price and the high number of positive reviews. You will not be disappointed. Our room and bathroom on the fourth floor was ultra clean. I've heard of how small the hotel rooms are in London, and based on that research, I can say we had a decent size room (two twin beds) and a decent size bathroom. Tastefully decorated in gold and maroon. Functioning air conditioning. Never ran out of hot water. I've read of the famous not-so-friendly hotel staff in London; not here. Everyone was very helpful and eager to assist. I would stay there again. Excellent price for London. Five minute walk to Victoria Station and easy walk to Buckingham Palace. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, which we went to our first night there after long hours on the plane from the States. They had a couple of special items specifically geared for Americans. I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into the &quot;Southern Fried Chicken&quot; and my husband into his &quot;Chile Con Carne&quot;. I know they really tried hard, I'm sure of it, but I have to tell you that it was some of the worst tasting food I've ever put into my mouth. Being exhausted from our trip and unable and unwilling to find another restaurant, I stuffed the chicken down my throat with great disdane and my husband tried to eat as much of the chile as he could but couldn't take it anymore eventually. What is funny is that the waitress advised my husband that the chile con carne wasn't hot--it was firing hot! I know there is reason to believe that the rest of their menu and cooking may be just fine, but we never returned there for the rest of the trip. Plus, the hotel restaurant was a little expensive. Because we had to leave the hotel at 3:00 a.m. in the morning for our flight from Heathrow, we decided to hire a cab because we didn't want to be on the public system with our luggage at that hour. I had read and printed out information on who and who not to hire for a cab. I had also read to check with hotel staff for assistance. So, we asked the hotel staff and they have a program with a cab company with only a set fixed price from their hotel to Heathrow. I asked them two or three times to verify with me that the price is fixed and under no circumstances will we get ripped off or surprised when we get to Heathrow. They assured me each time I asked that the price will never change based on any condition. Well, you know what happened--we got to Heathrow and the driver charged us $16 more. I told him about the price we were given at the hotel. His response was that he charges more for three o'clock in the morning. What a liar---the normal ride to Heathrow is one hour and we arrived in 20 minutes because we were practically the only ones on the road---the guy makes more money per hour at three o'clock in the morning. I told him I was going to report him to the hotel; he was real snotty and said he didn't care. So, I am going to report it to the hotel (we just got back a couple of days ago).	
Jul 23 2007 	Central location - but only 2 stars	The central location to the underground and the railway station Victoria station convinced us (400 to 500 meters distance). The rezeption is appropriate for 3 stars. Helpfulness of the people at the reception desk is to be emphasized. The rooms are very small, but this probably because of the central (expensive) location (Euro 58,- p.P. and night). Otherwise the rooms are clean. The bed size (Queen Size) is exaggerated. For two people rather too small. The breakfast (continental) - like also the operation staff (many Indo-Brits) - is to give up. In the whole one nevertheless: recommendable.	
Jun 30 2007 	Not Bad at all!!!	Great location and an OK place to stay. I'd read the previous reviews with growing concern before I stayed but I was pleasantly surprised. You get what you pay for. The room was fine (even had air-con), mind you I did have a view over-looking the square. Breakfast was excellent and the service (including booking in and out) was good - no complaints.Would I stay again?Mmmm..... probably yes.	
Apr 25 2007 	Good for the money!!!	Great location: 10 mins walk to Victoria Station, 15 mins walk to Buckingham Palace. Great if seeing one of the shows at Victoria theatres (Billy Elliot &amp; Wicked). Nice restaurants in vicinity. Lovely, helpful staff. We got lucky and had a very large studio room in a really quiet part of the hotel (we did request this on booking).Don't expect the Ritz, but then again for less than £100 in London City (per room for 2 incl continental breakfast), what do you expect. C'mon people get real!!!!	
Apr 23 2007	What a pile of steaming quality!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The reason that I had to stay at this hotel was because I was on a training session in London, which was booked through the company that I work for. So I didn't have a choice where I stayed. Firstly I arrived by taxi from Heathrow, which took longer than usual because the taxi driver didn't know where the hotel was located. But after that I finally arrived to this hotel, which looked ok from the outside, but when I walked through the front door I had a &quot;Oh hell why am I staying here&quot; feeling. The man working at reception was pleasant, but couldn't understand a word I was saying. So he gave me the key to my room and I was on my way, I eventually found my room after 20 minutes of searching. When I first walked through the door it seemed not all that bad, until I started exploring my room. The TV decided not to work for the first couple of hours, then the bathroom light would not work at all. So I decided to go out for a walk to see what amenities I had around, which wasn't a lot. When I got back to the hotel the TV switched on and the bathroom light also worked to my astonishment. So then i decided to get something to eat, which involved me trying to find the restaurant, which I did. Once I saw the menu I was astounded to find half decent food on it, so the food was ok, not the greatest, but not the worst. I went back to my room to watch some TV, then attempted to go for a shower, which proved difficult. First off the shower would not turn on, then when it did turn on it would not heat up, so I had to wait for about 20 minutes before the shower was even relatively warm. So I finsihed my shower, then I was going to shave and again had to wait for the hot water to heat up. The next day before leaving for my training course I decided to have breakfast in the hotel, so I had a full english breakfast, which was not a good idea. The beans were cold, the sausages were just about raw and everything else was disgusting. So I left for my training course. then before heading back to the hotel I decided to go to the supermarket and buy food to eat, as I was not risking my health at the hotel. The next morning for breakfast I decided to stick with cereal to be safe. Needless to say that I did not eat in the hotel the rest of the trip, which lasted four days, apart from my breakfast. It goes without saying that I would not recommend this hotel. I could keep going, but in the interest of boredom I won't!	
Mar 5 2007 	Good hotel with value for money.	My husband and I stayed at the Quality Hotel Wesminster from Friday 2nd - Sunday 4th March. After reading some of the negative comments on Tripadvisor I was a bit apprehensive. However, we were pleasantly surprised when we entered our room, as on the table awaiting our arrival, was a bowl of fresh fruit, small box of chocolates and a bottle of water. White bath robes were also supplied and the bathroom contained all the usual free toiletries. The continental breakfast was excellent with plenty of fresh food available. We also ate in the bar area on both nights (Friday and Saturday) and the food served was excellent. The staff in the hotel were also friendly, so all in all, we had a good stay at this hotel, which is only a short walk to the Victoria Palace Theatre (Billy Elliott show). It was a great show and we will certainly return to this hotel if visiting the area again, as we consider the total cost of £174.40 for a reasonable size executive no smoking room, for 2 people, for 2 nights (including continental breakfast) is excellent value for the centre of London.	
Feb 22 2007 	"Quality" is probably the wrong name for this hotel	The last time I stayed here I vowed &quot;never again&quot;; sadly this hotel was all that was available in the area at short notice (wonder why!?), so I recently had my second experience there.First time, the room was tiny and the bathroom grotty, with rusting pipes, and a window that faced into the courtyard, with cracked glass and no curtain or blind.This visit, the room was a lot better - a bog-standard business-style room with space to turn around in, a reasonable bathroom, and thermostatic controlled heating. There was no safe or mini-bar, but that's OK. The ancient wheezing lift (elevator) stopped working a couple of times during my visit, which was a little disconcerting.What really lets this place down is the restaurant. I've had the food in two contexts now, once in the bar and once in the restaurant itself, and both times it left me nauseated. First time the meal was spoiled by a badly conceived &quot;salad&quot; with canned ingredients, and uncooked potato wedges. Last night was particularly disgusting - a &quot;pizza&quot; with about 2 lb of spongy faux-mozzarella cheese loaded onto it (and cheddar stuffed inside the crust), with some kind of jar-based sauce, and olives seemingly picked from the cocktail bar. Quite revolting. The bar/lobby ambience is OK, but is dominated by a sports-oriented TV.It's in a good location, and the staff are very pleasant and friendly, but that's about all it has going for it. The Thistle Victoria and Thistle Westminster are just round the corner, and their standards are a lot higher.	
Feb 8 2007	Loved the Quality - not used to this level of comfort	I was attending a conference in London for the first time - previous trips have involved guesthouses on the edgeware road so this was my first time in the city. While i missed the full english experience i can say the continental breakfast here was excellent and set me up nicely for the day.The room was bright and more spacious than i am used to with a small shower area - clean and with free soaps etcI spent two nights and slept great each night - bed linen was spotless.Stayed on the third floor and was not disturbed at night.Coming from the west of Ireland London can be a daunting place but everyone in the Quality made be feel at ease and i was able to relax.A great trip and hopefully this will be my regular in London, if my bosses allow me.	
Feb 4 2007	Great location and good for the money	we paid £45pppn for this hotel and stayed 2 nights, Friday and Sat. check in was great, fast and friendly and I was pleasantly surprised by the rooms. The room was a decent size and the bathroom was fine - all very clean! ok bar in lobby with friendly staff we had a drink there when we came back on the first night, prices were fine. Breakfast was less than average and dissapointing - long waits for coffee/tea and staff aren't great, continental breakfast is total rubbish!! not sure how much it would actually take to get some fresh stuff from a bakery but clearly it was far too much as the bread etc was clearly days old!In all though I would stay again as the location was fantastic, about 4 mins walk from Victoria station!	
Jan 30 2007	you get what you pay for!	We have just spent 2 nights at this hotel and to start on a positive note the hotel is in an excellent location, 5 minutes from Victoria train station and shopping center and 15 minutes walk from Buckingham palace, so a good location. The hotel itself is basic but has everything you need for a short stay, restaurant and a small bar off the lobby. The staff where very friendly and efficient at check in and check out.Now for the negative points, the room we had was tiny and the bed was not very comfortable, the shower room was very small and you need to dry yourself in the bedroom. The only good thing about the bedroom was that it was very clean probably because it would only take 1 minute to clean. The breakfast is expensive at £9.50 but the is a selection of good restaurants at the Victoria shopping center 5 minutes walk a way where you can get a breakfast and dinner at a cheaper rate.To end on a positive note, if you are only staying for a weekend trip to London to see a show and see the sights it is good enough, but if you are staying any longer than I would look elsewhere.	
Dec 15 2006 	Not great but not bad.	I didn't expect much of this hotel when I stayed there on 12th December, and perhaps that was the right approach. Check in was quick and efficient although the lobby didn't look prepossessing (and the pub over the road turned out to be quite a nice place for a drink anyway if rather smoky). Although there was only one lift it wasn't a bad size and it didn't take long to get to the 3rd floor. The room was small with the single bed in the middle of it (i.e. not pushed up to a wall) and the views of the square were, as a previous reviewer noted, rather nice. Clean white sheets and duvet cover, beautifully tidy and clean no-smoking room, great heating, full size bath and impeccably clean sink. Fabulous. Only problem was that there were nets (no curtain) in the bathroom! Also don't get too excited about the 'free toiletries' (although at least you get some) as they are sachets of bath/shower gel.Good breakfast, which wasn't expensive, and plenty of tables for one or two (I hate communal tables) and it was quiet at 8.30am. All in all a pleasant stay. I have scored this hotel quite highly because it had a bath (even though I had to bath in the dark), it was very clean and because reception was excellent. I would certainly stay again if I was in the area.	
Nov 22 2006 	would i go back??	just returned from london and stayed at the quality hotel westminster for 1 night(2 adults double room),cost was altogether (not including breakfast which was 11.95 each)£141-08p total £163-00.(inc breakfast).was impressed with the area and the hotel on arrival at reception.given room on 5th floor,opened room door expecting £140 worth of room,been in better at blackpool for £30.YOU OBVIOUSLY PAY FOR THE AREA ITS SITUATED IN,BECAUSE THERE'S NO WAY ITS WORTH £140 A NIGHT.room was small but clean,usual scuff marks what you get in most places which is acceptable,nice bathroom clean.everything was ok.would i go back.if it was cheaper, yes,but not at that price,will look for somewher better in a less classier area.picked it because it was near the victoria palace theatre where we had booked to see billy elliot.what a show,absolutely brilliant,you must go to see this show its an unmissable show.	
Oct 25 2006 	Nice place	We stayed 4 nights and enjoyed our room. We stayed in a triple room with our grandson and although it was small, it was quiet, clean and comfortable. We arrived mid-morning the first day after a long flight and were delighted that they had our room ready. It had all the travel basics we needed -- modern bath with plenty of clean towels and warm water, cheerful restaurant where they served continental or English breakfast. It even had a comfortable lounge and bar downstairs. The area was quiet, nice and 3 blocks from Victoria Station where we could pick up tours, buses, explore London via the metro or catch the train to Heathrow.	
Oct 9 2006 	Exceeded expectations	After reading other reviews, I was expecting to be underwhelmed and was only looking for a room to sleep and shower in while staying busy enjoying London. The complaints may have been valid when other reviews were written but my experience was excellent. The room was roomy and comfortable allowing not just for the basics but also functioned as a place to relax. I did not have any bad experiences with the staff and the location is fantastic (located close to Victoria station- easy access to the underground and various stores including a Sainisbury grocery store). One tip: take advantage of the lounge/bar area in the lobby. It was a very relaxed place to enjoy a few pints before heading out at night. If you are not expecting some type of luxury hotel, I would recommend the Quaility Hotel and plan to stay there again if convenient on my next trip to London.	
Aug 2 2006 	Hidden treasure of a hotel...	Having read a few of the other reviews on this site before my stay I was expecting the worst and found far from it.The hotel is currently undergoing a major rufurbishment and parts of the lobby area are currently disguised from view whilst the work continues. However, I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the disturbance very minimal.I was given a room on the third floor with views of the Gardens across the road. When I mentioned the lovely view at Reception I was told that I could access the private gardens if I wished and all that was required was a deposit for the key.The room was a good size, unlike most London hotels I have stayed in on past occasions and the bedroom had clearly been decorated very recently. The wallpaper looked fresh and clean with new carpets throughout. Along with a white tiled bathroom with all new fittings.I visited London to watch Billy Elliot and was most suprised to find it such a short walk from the hotel. It was also very close to Victoria Station where my coach arrived and departed.Therefore I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again and recommend it to all my friends and family. With such a good location I will soon be planning a trip to the markets shortly before Christmas and am glad to have found somewhere so nice to stay and at such good value.	
Jul 18 2006 	Don't Say Here.....You Have Been Warned	Stayed here for one night-Glad ONLY ONE NIGHTService terrible. Staff at reception checked you in, in run of the mill fashion without even bothering to look up. The room was dark and dingy, a disabled room, I was provided with as asked for but on the first floor. Lift very ricketty you feel you are in it 5 minutes to go one floor. I arrived to find room faced over vents, air con, kitchens below and noise galore day and night.The room had only two lights a ceiling one and a bedside one, a prison cell would have been better, the bulbs must have been barely about 25watt it was so dark. The bathroom had an absolute stench, and I dont mean odour I mean STENCH that was a combination of complex pipework below the toilets and sink holding stale water.,and it was impossible to open a window, the light in the bathroom operated a vent but the stench was as rank at 11pm as it was when I had gone out hoping for the best at 4pm and it was no better. I reported it to staff on my way out at 4pm but it was not looked into, the next day when I checked out I was told the drains would be looked at the next day, SO WHAT??? I wasn't going back to get the benefit of it.Breakfast was terrible, warm milk that had been out in jugs since the crack of dawn to put on ceral, and breakfast arrived semi cold and arriving in semi-cooled grease. one man returned his fat-fest to have kippers instead but was snarled at by staff who wrote down that they would note down he had been sent a cooked meal and left it, because &quot;you can either have full english OR kippers&quot; not both, despite that breakfast first time round being rubbish.I wrote to complain saying that for the dire stay I'd have got a better B&amp;B in London for £35 a night not £87 I'd paid for this dive. Four months later after two emails, two letters and a phone callI was not offered any rebate or a refund by way of another stay, for the stench of drains, noise, poor meals and supposed service.And was told curtly that We provide a good service for £87 and I should be grateful to find Quality accomodation.This is called the Quality Hotel, but certainly look somewhere else. You would be far better booking in B&amp;B near Kings Cross than this overpriced,overused,and underquality dump. If you do book,good luck and the best of british to you, but you have been warned!!	
Jul 12 2006	New Bedrooms great location	Read reviews on here before booking, got a good price on the net and the location looked good. Glad I took the risk as the hotel is being refurbished and our bedrooms were fantastic, everything is new, clean and bright. Surprised to find air conditionng in a three star hotel, for which we were greateful in this weather. Front desk staff friendly and efficient (especially spanish girl on desk), nice choice of breakfast, friendly staff even though they looked a little rushed at times.Plan to go back in September and will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 18 2006 	Sainsbury's articulated lorry madness	I have just stayed at this hotel for a business conference, although as previously stated rooms are tired and require updating the location is good. BUT there is a terrible noise problem if you are located in a room that faces the front of the hotel you will have the worst night's sleep ever, periodically during the night Sainsbury articulated delivery lorries arrive in the street with engines and refridgeration units blasting, the noise disturbance is unbelievable. Warning DO NOT go to this hotel unless you want to be woken up at 2am, 4am and 6am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 22 2005	Very very basic.	My partner and I wanted overnight accommodation near to the Royal Albert Hall so put the post code into the search engine of a website and got this place. Very basic room, but the beds were comfy and the TV worked. On the morning of our departure we decided to take a shower, only to find not only did it not work but the control came away in my hand!! When we told the person on the desk as we checked out he had the cheek to ask if we'd broken it. It looked like the shower hadn't worked in ages.Might go again, but only if I'm desparate. By the way Continental Breakfast costs £6.95 and traditional English around £11.95. Go out of the hotel, turn right to the end of the road, then left and a few yards past the Argos showroom is a J P Wetherspoons who do breakfast for £1.99 and coffee is currently BOGOF.	
Nov 9 2005 	There are better places	I stayed one night, business trip, did not leave with the feeling &quot;gosh, I should return with my family&quot;. Reason: unwelcoming atmoshpere, unfriendly staff, careless service at breakfast, worn down, small, dark room, old bathroom with old bath curtains, funny small beds with not well-smelling bed clothes. TV set with limited choice, remote control chained to the set (so what's the added value of a remote control then, huh?). It really was not terrible, but I know there are so many great places in London with people who make you feel welcome and who have pleasure in serving you. Good thing: location, very convenient close to Victoria Station.	
Jul 17 2005	Nice hotel	The hotel is a good one. We spent there a week in June 2005 and quite enjoyed our stay. The twin room we had was fairly spacious (by London standards) with a rather large and light bathroom. There was also a hairdryer, tea and coffee facilities, and adapters were available at the reception desk on request. The furniture, wallpaper, and curtains ware a bit shabby though (but, according to the reviews, that is the case with the majority of 3-star hotels in London). However, everything was clean and we didn’t see any cockroaches either (that were previously mentioned in some of the reviews of this hotel). The continental breakfast they offered was quite acceptable: such food as, for example, cheese, ham, bread, croissants, muffins, and, yoghurt is enough to make you full in the morning. And, finally, the location is perfect: it takes about 5 minutes to get to Victoria station from where you can go to any part of London or out of London by bus, by coach, by tube, or by train. All in all, the hotel is really nice and can be recommended to budget-class tourists.	
May 4 2005	Be careful with this hotel	BE CAREFUL with this hotel !!!, They robbed to me in the hotel, and my case was broken. This happened too in four different rooms the same day, and the manager and the people of the Hotel didn't do nothing and didn’t ask me excuses. In his opinion: ' It's normal that this things happens in London City', and The Hotel doesn't have any additional insurance or cover. Please don’t book this hotel if you don’t want to be problems.	
Apr 8 2005	Great Hotel	I've stayed in the Quality Hotel Westminster twice and have been impressed on both accounts. The rooms have been clean and adequately sized. The second time we stayed out room was very large, with doors opening onto a blacony. The interior of the hotel is nicely furbished with sitting area and lift (possibly two). The breakfast has been most impressive. Included in the price is a continental breakfast (you pay more for an English) but it is by no means small. You can choose from a buffet of cereal, fresh fruit, muffins, juices, yogurts etc - you definately don't go hungry. A paper is also provided, which is a nice gesture. All staff were helpful and friendly, we'd go back again. I booked with a company callled Hotelshop, and they offered a lower price the more nights you stayed. We stayed 3 nights and it worked out at £27 per person per night. At this price, the Quality is extremely good.	
Dec 13 2004	Would not stay there again	We stayed at the Quality Hotel Westminister for 2 nights, Dec. 4 and 5, 2004. Standard Double room is tight, but that is normal for London. The area is convenient to Victoria Station and the Palace. Staff unfriendly. Our room was on the corner of a loud and noisy intersection. Could not sleep first night. They were unable to move us that night because they were booked, but did move us to the back, a quieter side, the next night. This was our only option considering they would not refund us for the next night, so that we could try another hotel. Bathroom was small and shower curtain kept falling down as did the glass shelf above the sink, which shattered into hundreds of tiny pieces! Yes, imagine the joy! Problem was the shelf had very minimal support holding it. Also, smell of smoke was all over hotel. I do not recommend this hotel. It was not worth what we paid, even after booking off a cheaper internet site.	
Nov 29 2004	Pleasantly Surprised	We had booked our stay several months before our late August trip, based on it being a 3 star hotel, reasonably priced, having an in-room bath and cable. Most importantly it was located in Westminister. About a week before we were set to leave we had some questions, that's how I found this web-site.This was our first trip abroad and we had heard about rooms so small you couldn't turn around. with a shower down the hall, all very old.The first review I read was about the &quot;CockRoaches&quot;. I was horrified and prepared for the worst, I packed along a can of Raid. The room was great for the price and not a bug in site. The room size was quite adequate as we were only there for 3 days to sightsee. We had a lovely balcony facing a park and enjoyed watching the mild traffic below. The staff was helpful and courteous. We had dinner our last evening in the nearly empty dining room and found the food the best we'd had. London is an expensive place to be, everything is almost twice as much as here. Considering the price of this Hotel, it is definitely a bargain. Bargains are hard to come by in London! The can of Raid came home with us un-used!	
Aug 5 2004	Good except for cockroaches...	Good value, except for the cockroaches... I stayed there twice and I was very impressed by the courteous staff. The rooms need to be renovated and refresched, the English breakfast is too fat and lack of taste, but for the rate I got I can be too demanding. That's a cheap hotel with a good value, even if a lot of facilities could be improved. The location is perfect, next to Victoria Station.	
Jul 23 2004 	Good Location and value	Just come back from a fantastic trip to London. This hotel is ideally located for getting around all the sights. Our bedroom was clean and all staff we came into were charming and helpful. They seem to come from all over Europe which I guess is typical in London but they all gave good advise on where to go and what to see.Had read some poor reviews and was a bit worried before we went as hotel was already booked....but we encountered no problem. Yes parts are a bit tired but location and staff more than compensated.	
Jul 21 2004 	Nice place with very friendly staff...		
Jul 12 2004	Stench of the Sewer Horrifying service AVOID		
May 7 2004	Never ever again!!!		
Sep 8 2003	Never Again!		
Aug 27 2003	about the Quality at Quality		
Jul 31 2003	Disappointing		
Jun 3 2003	Okay hotel convenient location		
Oct 14 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Sep 13 2008 	ottima la posizioneappena sufficiente il resto		
Aug 23 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Aug 2 2008 	passable		
May 5 2008	bonne adresse		
Apr 29 2008 	Fruibilie!		
Mar 1 2008 	Excellent		
Feb 26 2008 	Posizione molto comoda		
Nov 7 2007 	Non male ma...		
Oct 28 2007 	Hotel Buono		
Sep 14 2007	bof....		
