	Not bad for the price	We stayed three nights over Thanksgiving weekend. While it's a ways out of downtown London, the little town it's in is great--lots of delicious restaurants, inexpensive shopping, close to a fairly major highway. Our two rooms were spare but comfortable and very clean. Bathrooms were fine. Mattresses were sad, saggy and lumpy, but at least not rock hard and the sheets fit and stayed on well. The comforter was just the perfect weight for the weather--we all slept well. There's an in-house restaurant with room service, which we never had a chance to use. The a la carte prices were reasonable, except the buffet breakfast, which was high. It's difficult to find the parking lots, but once you figure out the one way streets and round-abouts, there is safe, adequate parking. We'd go back. For only nine pounds a night for two people, it's a great bargain!	
Oct 11 2009 	very uncomfortable stay	We were staying at his hotel only because my father couldnt make it and rather than cancel the rooms we took his place and visited some family, however on arriving to check in at about 10.30pm we were to be told that we were put in on the system as a 'No Show'!! So the night porter then started to look for another room for us, he found us a room on the top floor and went off to the back office to get the key cards, on his return we was told he didnt have any key cards to hand and would have to 'run up and down the hotel to find some' by this point there was also 3 other parties waiting to check in who also had no key cards available, so off he went 5 mins later he returned with key cards, I will add though that he was very apologetic and this was an unfortunate case for him as he was the only guy on the desk and he was still working on the desk as we were checking out at 10.30am!!On approaching the room we could smell cigarette smoke along the corridor, once we got into our room the light bulb was missing from the entrance light, a bedside table had been ripped off the wall, a bulb had been snapped off and broken in the bedside light and the light shade was ripped, there was dirty smeared finger marks on the ceiling in the bedroom and on the ceiling above the shower, we only had 1 bath towel between us, there was no phone to contact reception and being on the top floor in room 703 I think you need that and to top it all off the bed was the worst we have slept in for a long time, the pair of us woke up with severe back &amp; muscular pain. We just grabbed a quick shower and left ASAP!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Cheap and Cheerless	Can 10,000 White Van men be wrong? The rooms are large (enough for four workmen to share), the bathrooms clean(ish) and the lifts work - most of the time. This is not a business hotel. If your company puts you here, you are either very junior or unloved.Most of the staff try very hard, but it is obvious that this hotel needs to be refurbished as the beds are saggy (4 workmen again) the sofas worn and the carpets and walls damaged.It is, however, cheap - if you book and get a sale price. The lowest I paid was £19 mid week.Tolworth has little to offer except a brilliant Italian restaurant (Sorrento), a good fish and chip restaurant and a fast route to the A3!	
Aug 21 2009 	great budget hotel	we got a great rate for this hotel and it was perfectly placed to visit thorpe park, friends and london. the parking was £5 a night and we never failed to get a space. there is a bar which also serves breakfast which at the time of writing was £7.50 but 2 children eat free with every paying adult. we had this once but we were not impressed with the quality, so the next day we went to a cafe on broadway ( the local high street) this was much better value for us. we also used the kebab takeaway and pizza go go and were very impressed with both. we also used the local tesco express and iceland for bits and bobs.the local station is less the 10 minutes walk and an all day all over travel card ( after 9:30am) costs £7.50. going to waterloo. the trains were every 30 mins and the journey lasted 30 mins. the travel card will also work on the buses and if you go out in london or another area and miss the last train you can get the night bus which runs all night. you can also go to kingston which is less then 30 mins away which is worth a visit and buses run there quite often. there is a nice area along the thames and good shopping. there is also a great centre ( the rotunda) which has restaurants, bowling and a cinema), if you get a chance go to TONY ROMA'S on a monday for all you can eat ribs!!!I would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Standard Travelodge with no unpleasant surprises	Used this Travelodge as a place for myself and 3 of my children to &quot;crash&quot; after a party in June. Staying here was for me a totally bizarre experience, nothing to do with the hotel itself but that the last time I had entered the building, 20 years ago, I was working there! (It once housed a branch of the Home Office.) Away from the novelty of sleeping in your former place of work it is a good example of the Travelodge Chain.Firstly it has a car park which is a bonus, and is cheap too. Secondly this is a fairly new conversion the room being clean and freshly decorated. Check-in was fast friendly and efficient, and despite some other negative reviews I had no complaints about the decor of the lobby (maybe because I remember the original entrance?). Unfortunately when we got to the room we found that the sofa and trundle beds had not been made up and there was no linen for them. A trip to back down to reception and oh the power of Tripadvisor!. The receptionist tried to fob me off with assurances it would be done later but forwarned by Tripadvisor reviews, I insisted, in front of a group checking in that it be done before we went out ( we were not expecting to be back until the early hours) I casually mentioned that lack of linen had been mentioned on Tripadvisor and voila all arguments ceased ! The receptionist scurried away and he had the beds made before I got back to the room. (Apparently the problem is that the rooms are made up by outside staff who only come in for a few hours each morning.) The rest of our stay was happily uneventful. However the rooms can be noisy. Tolworth Tower is on the A3 and the local police, ambulance and fire stations are close by. Despite attempts to soundproof the building we were woken several times during the night by screeching sirens.As mentioned previously there is parking. However the hotel is very well situated as far as public transport is concerned. Toworth Station with 1/2 hourly service into London is just across the other side of the A3 (5 minutes walk) or you can take the 281 bus from the turminus directly outside the hotel to Surbiton Station for a fast service into Waterloo. Or, if you are a Rugby fan you can use it to get Twickenham. From Surbiton station you can catch the number 65 bus to Chessington World of Adventures or in the opposite direction to Richmond. Both buses go to Kingston (great shops, clubs, pubs etc and trains to Waterloo and Hampton Court) and run until past Midnight.The Toworth Tower Travelodge serves food. We sampled the breakfast and had no complaints. However the breakfast room is quite small for the size of the hotel and I could see this causing problems at busy times. There is really no need to use the restaurant at all. Underneath Toworth Tower is a large M&amp;S food market. It is sited at one end of Tolworth Broadway, a 1930s high street* with a large selection of eateries for all budgets. The Red Lion and the opposite end has a Harvester Restaurant attached and if you don't mind a walk the fish and chip shop &quot;Fishmania&quot; further up Tolworth Broadway where it changes name to Ewell Road comes highly recommended. All in all we had a very pleasant stay and will be happy to use it again as would my kids providing I promise not to go on about working there!* For those of you interested in architecture, above the modern shop fronts the buidings are remarkably unchanged. The hotel affords a great view of them.	
Aug 13 2009 	Don't stay here!	We stayed here when spending a day at Chessington World of Adventures - and wished we hadn't! Travelodge policy is not to make up beds for children which, when you have been up for 14 hours by the time you get there, is not a welcome discovery. This was exacerbated by the fact that it was also necessary to fetch duvet, sheets, towels and pillows from reception and carry them all back up to the 7th floor, on my own, with 2 children in tow.If you do stay here, don't eat here! The only tables in the cafe that weren't sticky were the bar looking out of the window and a large circular table for 6. All the other tables appeared to have had problems with the varnish that left them unappealling to sit at, let alone eat at. I could go on, but I guess you get the picture by now!	
Jul 26 2009 	From a Travelodge expert	well what can I say, It's a Travelodge...you know what you're getting, but because it's an older style hotel and not a purpose built , it's much quieter than alot of others. The parking is not to bad, you can park for free along the streets after 6pm. There's a M&amp;S, subway, superfish, and some good Indian restaurants near by (don't go to the Spice House!!!).	
Jun 7 2009 	Shabby	We stayed here having booked for two nights to visit Chessington World of Adventure. On arrival the staff seemed helpful and knowledgeable and the foyer was clean and tidy if a little shabby. We were given our room number scrawled on a scrap of paper and when we went to this room the key wouldn't open the door. Going back down to reception the staff said it was because we were trying the wrong door - bad handwriting!!! The room(when we got in) was shabby and not very clean with &quot;stains&quot; up the wall. The window looked like it had never been cleaned and the cloud of dust from the sofa was dreadful. We only had half a toilet roll in the bathroom. The travel cot we had requested was not in the room so another trip to reception was needed. On a hot day the room as absolutley stiflng. We again went to reception to request a fan but were told that they do not have any to give out. After a couple of hours of trying to get the children to sleep my husband went to reception again to demand some sort of fan - a different member of staff said he could gladly take a fan for a £10 security deposit.. The bar cafe was tired looking and none too clean so we ate elsewhere. We cancelled our second night and went to premier inn instead. Appreciating this is a budget hotel chain, I have stayed in far, far better travelodges - a disappointment all round.	
Apr 17 2009 	Helpful Reception - 5 minutes from railway link to London	Family accomodation was what we wanted, on a budget, and we found the ideal place, at £19 a night it was perfect. Tolworth railway station is just over the roundabout, 5 minutes walk from the hotel and the train runs every 30 minutes to Waterloo so the location gets 4/5 from us. Around Tolworth has many varied places to eat, takeaways and restaurants and we certainly recommend the Chinese on the high street.Rooms were as you would expect, basic but clean and the rooms were quiet so a good nights sleep for all.Value is certainly 5/5 because how can you beat £19 for a family room in London, next to a railway station link to the City centre.Breakfast at the Travelodge is not the best though, there a three cafes on the high street which were much better and varied menu.In summary though- highly recommended.	
Apr 6 2009 	Perfect Location	I stayed at the Tolworth Travelodge for one night, Saturday 4th April 2009. Managed to get a room on sale and only paid £19 for the large family room.Finding it was easy enough and you can park on the ground floor while you check in and then get your £5 overnight parking voucher.We then moved our car up to the 2nd level (which is on the roof) where Travelodge designated spaces are clearly marked with a T and are plentiful. There is also a door from the car park into the hotel and the lift is right there so you can get to your floor.We had our key card with us. Upon checking in, we heard the guy behind the desk telling another customer he was only covering reception and didn’t normally work there. He wrote our room number on the room card holder – 619 and then a few minutes later changed the 1 to a 0 making our room 609.Well, we went to room 609 to find the key did not work at all. Thinking he had made a mistake we went to room 619 to find our key DID in fact work - and that there were people in the room!!!! We apologised and beat a hasty retreat! How embarrassing!!We went back to reception (6 floors down in the lift) and asked the guy which room we were actually supposed to be in. He had changed us from 619 to 609 but didn’t bother to change the card key. Maybe we should have checked before we tried 619 but we were just trying to be logical and avoid a 6 floor trip downstairs. Oh well.When we finally got into our room, we found it to be very clean, large, bright and well prepared. We dead-locked the door though, in case the guy downstairs made any more mistakes, ha!I have stayed in many Travelodges so know that they are basic but great value for money. Even so, one small towel between two people is a little naff, especially when you have booked a family room. Guess what? Another trip six floors down to get an additional towel. For the first time ever I wished they had phones in Travelodges so we could just call down!! But that’s the compromise you make when a room only costs £19.After we had showers, we noticed an awful smell in the bathroom. It got so bad that we had to keep the door shut tight and hold our breath if we went in. Finally, I thought to put the plugs in the sink and bath and a few hours later the smell went so I can only assume it was the drains?? The smell was seriously disgusting and if it is the drains it may be present in more than one room.Having said all this, the hotel is great. The location (for us) was spot on. Other plus points are that if you go down in the lift, go out the front and turn left, walk through the car park and make another left you will find yourself at an M&amp;S shop with a huge food section, cash point and a Boots next door. Over the road is a Subway, Dominoes and more. Down the same road on the right is a petrol garage.We went to Hever Castle on the Saturday and it took under an hour to get from there to the hotel. When we got up in the morning, it took us under 15 minutes along the A3 to get to Hampton Court Palace. It’s also very well placed for Chessington World of Adventures.So apart from the guy in reception, the stinky bathroom and some kids running up and down the corridor after 10.30pm screaming and banging doors and waking us up 4 times – it was great.Next time, we will bring our own towels and earplugs and all will be fine!It’s also worth mentioning that although we didn’t go, there is a restaurant on the 2nd floor which does evening meals and breakfast for £7.50.	
Nov 20 2008 	Terrible	I’ve stayed here on many occasions with work. Yes it’s a Travel lodge so you get what you pay for...but still! must have stayed here 30+ times and still yet to find a room that works....the TV is broken or the shower doesn’t work, or the lights don’t work etc etc.You frequently get woken up by delivery lorries at 6am in the morning and kept awake at night by kids on scooters. In short I would avoid unless you have no other option (like me).	
Jul 23 2008	Value.	Stayed here whilst taking the family to Chessington world of adventures.Great value family hotel, you get more than you pay for so what more can you ask for?	
May 28 2008 	£19 for a family room!!	Let me start by saying I've given the hotel an above average rating based on the fact it only cost £19 for the night for four us. The room was large with a double bed (matress bit soft) and an ok sofa bed. Plenty of bedding, hot water, good shower, clean room. I'll say it again, £19!!!If I had paid about £70 then I might be thinking I could have stayed in a superior hotel like, say, the Premier Inn for about the same price. But I didn't, I paid £19 (sorry, said it again) and for that price the standard of the room was superb. Parking at £5 a night was fine. Park on the second floor of the multi-story and enter the hotel from a door on the same level. Go down to reception on the ground floor and at the same time as checking in pay a fiver and get a slip of paper for your dashboard. A previous reviewer said you had to move your car by 0900. This is not the case, you can park until checkout (1200) and anyway you don't have to use a ticket to open a barrier, you just drive in and out without anyone checking how long you've been there. And if you're reading this review because you're going to Chessington World of Adventures, it is an easy 5-10 minute drive away. Hotel is on top of a Marks and Spencer, we went there after breakfast for provisions for CWofA and made a picnic in our room using a knife I borrowed from the breakfast room (see below) Would have been the perfect stay if we hadn't decided to have the Travelodge breakfast experience. Think we paid £6.50 each online and kids eat free. Standard of food was just about passable but don't expect the food to even vaguely resemble the photo of it in the bedroom literature, don't expect the food to be replenished without asking, don't expect mugs, bowls or cutlery without having to harangue the staff and (quite importantly, I always find when having breakfast) don't expect a table or seat. We got there at eight and managed to get a table, ten minutes later there were people milling around with nowhere to sit. Whole restaurant woefully small, woefully understaffed, just woeful really.But hey, skip the breakfast and get yourself a £19 deal!	
Jan 31 2008 	good value for money :)	OK, it's a travelodge so it's no frills and does a particular job, bed and shower, but it does it well enough and in the main the staff were really lovely - with a couple of outstanding ones. I was a bit disappointed to find that the the underneath of the sofa bed hadn't been cleaned (won't tell you how I know!) but we didn't need it so it wasn't a problem. We were in the area for a family funeral and this was fine. Also, if you want to get a cab into the city ask the staff for the number of Top Cars, the guys were great and far cheaper than the others we had phoned. All in all, it was fine for a shared room in a travelodge.	
Dec 30 2007	It's a Travelodge	In agreement with other reviews here I have stayed at worse Travelodges. This one was very convenient and quiet considering the nearby A3.Check-in staff were very helpful and parking easy (at £5 per night).My only gripe is that we requested a non-smoking room yet the room stank of smoke on arrival and we both left with our clothes a little bit smokey the following morning. On asking the reception staff about this, they assured us that the hotel is now non-smoking and someone must have 'had a sneaky cig' in their room. I don't suppose I can hold it against the hotel if someone disregards their policy.	
Sep 14 2007 	Ok for the Money	We stayed here as the only option we had trying to get a room near Twickenham for a gig. It was ok actually. Ive stayed in worse TL's. Check-in was fine and easy, parking not free, but at £5 for 24hrs its not bad, Breakfast was £7.50 each which isnt good value but is convenient. Food was ok, nothing more. Otherwise there is a caff just over the road. Mincab fare to Richmond was £15 and takes about 15mins, which was fine for us, cab fare back from Twickers was £20. The rooms are basic, ours was comfortable, clean and quiet. Cant ask for more than that at £60 a night for a double.	
Sep 12 2007	Can't really go wrong with Travelodge	We needed a place to stay for one night before catching a flight back home from Gatwick. Our friend suggest that we stay here because it's not too far from where they lived since they were responsible for driving us to the airport.We forgot the check in was at 3pm but we got there around noon, luckily the staff was very nice and checked to see if there was a room that was ready for us. Luckily there was. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff at the concierge and the cleaners were very very friendly and made us feel welcomed.The only thing we didn't really like was the bed. It wasn't too comfortable. We could feel the springs massaging our backs. It also felt like we were sleeping on a &quot;waterbed&quot; which felt funny. We just sunk right in when we lied there.Overall, you get what you pay for and since Travelodge is a big name, you can't go wrong since they do have standards that they need to follow.	
Jul 28 2007	Not bad	Working in the area, I've been struggling to find B&amp;Bs and hotels that I've been happy with. I stayed here for one night, and was reasonably happy. I had a good sized family room to myself which was spotless. The bathroom was good and clean. The staff were reasonably friendly, and I particularly liked the fact there is a cafe/bar in the hotel. The reception area however is grey and dismal (heavy rain conditions during my stay didn't help the atmosphere). The hotel is in an ugly 1960's building, within an area of dense urban jungle, just off of a major interchange. I had some difficulty finding the entry, by car. You have to park (you pay extra for this here) in a designated section of a multi storey car park - again I found the designated spaces hard to find (they're on the top deck). There is nothing of interest to walk to nearby. Sound insulation between rooms is poor. There is no telephone in the rooms, it is nigh impossible (apart from physically going to reception) to contact staff, so if a problem (eg illness, or unruly guests next door) was to develop, it would be hard to get help. I had no problems, but think, to some degree the experience here will be subject to luck on the day. With Travelodges, I think you have to accept you are very much left to your own devices for the night. My experience was overall favourable. and I would stay here again, but be aware of the limitations.	
May 10 2007 	Absolutely terrible!	Yes, ok, we wanted somewhere cheap and clean to put our heads down for the night, but it really didn't have to be quite so unpleasant! On check-in we were told the parking wasn't free (as we'd been advised) but 5 pounds and we had to park in the multistorey - ok, we did this. In the morning we went for breakfast and paid the waitress there. Minutes later we were accused of not having paid for our breakfast and criticised for not moving the car by 9am (no one told us we should!). The staff were just rude. The room itself was tiny and the bathroom not particularly new. Oh and don't have the breakfast if you go there - how anyone can make an entire fry-up taste of absolutely nothing I don't know!	
Nov 1 2006 	Distant and suburban	I booked this hotel through the Travelodge website and, given the high prices of hotels generally in London, was attracted by the 26 pound a night special offer.The hotel itself is above average. There is a cafe serving breakfast which is different to the usual T'lodge breakfast in a bag choice. My room was clean and access to the hotel rooms is secure. Note there is not toothbrush or toothpaste provided which is standard for all T'lodges.Bad points: the hotel location leaves a lot to be desired. Although there is a Marks and Spencer supermarket located in the same block, there is little else in the way of shopping around the hotel save for a small Superdrug and a ten pin bowling alley near the station. I walked for 30 minutes to get to a public gym which was pretty crap and expensive. Basically its like a surban hell - very quiet and depressing and trains to the city only once every 30mins till about 1030pm.Still you get what you pay for. Next time I am travelling to London I think I will pay a bit more for something closer to the city.Getting there: catch a train from Waterloo station via Wimbledon to Tolworth, takes about 30 mins and costs about 6 pounds return. The hotel is in the Tower office building visible from the station, about 10 mins walk.	
Aug 13 2006	Family break for Chessington world of Adventures	We stayed at this travelodge for along weekend and visted Chessington world of Adventures,we booked it oline and used there web site and got a good rate £26.00 a night room only,because of there supersaver.(family room 2 adults and 2 children 11 and 14). After we booked the travelodge ,we looked at the review by a member who went there in Dec 2005, and had given a poor review,we where very apprehensive at staying here,but I must say it was the opposite.The rooms where very clean,towels and bed linen spotless,just like the photo in the travelodge brochure,staff very friendly.We eat at the lodge,prices Ok,but there is a lot of places out side to eat.	
Dec 8 2005	Go elswhere anywhere but here!	I have never written a poor review on a hotel but I feel it is necessary for this establishment. This hotel is truly awful. The rooms smell disgusting, the towels and bed linen are dirty and if you're not very careful you'll do some serious damage scolding yourself on the shower taps. If you have children and have to stay here keep your eye on them constantly. The staff are ok but very slow and would prefer to stay in the back room rather than be on reception. I would suggest you find somewhere else if you need to stay in this area. This hotel must win the award for Worst Travelodge.	
