Oct 15 2009 	A hostel would have been just as good if booking online	Got to hotel about 11am. The guy at the desk was friendly but as we were early for check in, we had to leave our bags in the main hall or wait til 1pm. We left the bags and when we came back at 9:30pm they were still in the hallway. Lucky the guests were honest. The room was disguisting! Paint peeling off the walls, dirty sheets which werent even covering the mattress properly and a bathroom that was only fit for a campsite. The manager was arrogant refused to change our room, give us a discount or allow us to leave. He said that because we hadnt cancelled the room in 72 hours we would be charged whether we stayed or not. He didnt seem to get the point that we wanted to leave because the place was terrible and we didnt know that 72 hours before check in!!! Apparntly because we booked ONLINE and got a good rate, we were given aroom that reflected this! Breakfast followed the same standard. The english breakfast was a disgrace we couldnt eat them and the continental breakfast was cornflakes and toast. Would never ever stay here again or recommend to my worst enemy.	
Sep 15 2009 	Should be cheaper for the level of service...	stayed here for 5 days ...Front desk staff made an error with our booking when we arrived and we were asked to check out the day before we had planned to until we showed our invoice and proof of the error we had been treated like frauds.....despite this lapse on their part we were still relocated to an inferior room for the same price! However, in fairness to them they tried to improve service levels after this but i guess the damage had already been done. On a separate note one of the ladies in the breakfast room was borderline rude and consistently served without a smile as though more interested to get you out and close the kitchen by 9am.	
Jul 4 2009 	could do better	Room was a bit dingy and dark. Looked onto the boiler room courtyard. Problem with the shower being too hot, so unable to shower on our first day until fixed - management helpful with this though. Biggest concern was that they charged a 5% surcharge for payment with credit card, and this wasn't mentioned either on booking or until I came to check out, so no time to make other arrangements. Very upset about this!	
Jul 27 2008 	There are better places to Stay	Its been 3 yrs since we stayed at Springfield but reading some of these reviews it seems nothing has changed. I still have memories of our less than impressive stay there. When we arrived during the day the man at the counter couldnt even bother looking at us and smiling. Kept his head down and was less than helpful with any questions I asked. Couldnt even muster a 'hello' or 'welcome' when we arrived. The room was adequate but very outdated. The toilet however was awful. Seat was broken, water leaking. They said they'd fix the problem but never did. So every time we sat on the loo the seat fell to the side. Not good for a female thats for sure! No lifts so we had to carry our suitcases up about 4 flights of narrow stairs. Breakfast was nice but again the man doing the cooking was rather rude. This was not the same man as in reception so it tells you something about their staff. We travelled to Windsor for a few days and asked before booking if we could leave some luggage at the hotel as we intended to stay for a few more days on our return. This was confirmed as fine however the same cook (I assume was the manager) argued about this with the same staff member. It was a rediculous scene. If we could of stayed somewhere else we most certainly would of. On our next visit we will definitely not stay at this b &amp; b.	
Jul 16 2008 	very disappointed	we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during july '08.we tried booking over the internet initially but couldn't due to website not working. So we booked by phone and was quoted 75 pounds per night.when we arrived at the hotel the gentleman on reception was not happy because a staff member had quoted us the wrong price and it should be 85 pounds a night. Not our fault , but he agreed to honour the first amount.The room had a nice view but was run-down and badly needed redecoration. There is no lift so be prepared to carry your own suitcases upstairs.We had been advised breakfast was 7.30 to 9am, we arrived just before 9am and was advised very rudely by the same gentleman that we were too late and he was not cooking us any breakfast, we were gobsmacked by his rudeness but helped ourselves to the cereal, no fruit or yoghurt supplied.next morning after the same gentleman had loud arguement with a staff member he gave an amercian couple a telling off because they didn't want a cooked breakfast!!! we tried to find another hotel after the first night but unfortunately everywhere in the same location was booked up.The only positive on this hotel is location it is fantastic just around the corner from Paddington station and not to much noise at night.	
Aug 14 2007 	satisfactory b+b	more a b+b than hotel as it had no bar or lounge.decor was a bit dated,en suite was dated and needs refurbishment,breakfast was fine and staff were helpful.stayed 2 nights so it was ok for short visit.handy for circle line	
Aug 23 2006 	Great Location But.....	This is a fantastic location and you get what you pay for, but be aware of a few problems we encountered:We had 3 rooms for 3 nights, there is no lift so if you are on the top floor be prepared to lug your bags up a lot of stairs. There is no air-con, which worked out OK. The toilet seat in one room was broken off, the timber surround around the shower fell off in another room, the bifold shower door was broken in two in our third room. This property could do with some maintenance. The breakfast was very good considering the cost.Our biggest problem was that the hotel staff showed people through the hotel - in our room while we were out!This hotel is located in a long street which is nothing but hotel properties. I'm sure there is something in the same location that is a better quality.	
Mar 25 2006	A comfortable stay	I must praise the Springfield Hotel where i stayed for 4 nights. It is a B+B hotel. The staff were friendly. The breakfast was very good with excellent sausages. The room was warm, but not too warm, with a lovely ensuite shower. TV had the 5 UK channels. Beds were comfortable and clean, and were made up each day. Any towels used were changed daily. Location was very easy and quick for access to the tube at Paddington. Check out is 11am but i had some time to kill before i had to go for my train and i sat in the reception sitting room watching the large TV, very comfortable. The only downside was one that they can't help - the traffic noise. Sussex Gardens can be a noisy road, but the same would be true for any of the many B&amp;Bs on this road. Thumbs up.	
Nov 1 2005 	Wonderful Surprise	Cosy,clean,comfortable,warm,friendly,relaxing,classically and newly decorated.Good fresh delicious breakfast.Have booked my nextther stay when I travel to London 3 weeks in advance and will do from now, on cannot say more than that.	
Jul 20 2005	Great little Hotel	Stayed at the Springfield by default.Was sent to this hotel by the Hyde Park Radnor which had misplaced my booking and were full until the next day, apparently thay used to own this hotel until September last year.Springfield was very clean and comfortable with a great breakfast and tremendously friendly staff.The room I was in and from what I could see of other rooms had been decorated very recently and I saw decorators in the building the next morning.I went back to the Radnor the next day which was pretty inefficient and not half as friendly.The room was quite good, though it did cost more.However the breakfast was not a patch on the Springfields.Both hotels are owned by familys ,the Springfield family do seem the friendlier though.	
Jul 1 2005	Good Location but.............	Stayed here for one night, to go to a music festival in Hyde Park - very good area and central location. However, we encountered a problem with our booking upon arrival, and found the staff to be unfriendly. Our room was in need of refurbishment and was quite dark. The shower was rusted, and we could not get any hot water from the taps. On the morning of our stay it rained and their was a leak from the ceiling onto our bed - nice!! The breakfast wasn't up to much either. Would not stay here again, and would not recommend it until it is refurbished. If you want to stay in this area, I would recommend the Hyde Park Radnor Hotel just around the corner - excellent, but book early.	
Apr 12 2005	For what it is a great bargain in a great location	We spent 8 nights at the Springfield, using it as home base for a really great London (and Bath and Paris) exploration vacation. Location was great for us, just two blocks from Paddington (tube, National Rail, Heathrow Express; bus stops galore).It's a small, family-owned place, no elevator, no A/C. Rooms are small by American standards, but completely serviceable and clean. A small TV and a tacked-on toilet/shower combo built in to one side. Some street noise, some adjacent room noise, but nothing we couldn't live with for 65 GBP/night.The place grew on us. We particularly liked breakfast -- traditional English breakfast included in the tariff, and it was very good, indeed. Dining room is in the &quot;basement,&quot; appeared recently remodeled; clean; individual service from the owners themselves. No other meals served.Hotel puts you in walking distance to Kensington area, but better yet, at just two minutes to Paddington, buy a week's unlimited Zone 1 transit pass and you'll find nearly everything you want to see just a short bus or tube ride away. Take the Heathrow Express to and from Paddington; well worth the fare.Overall, the Springfield ain't the Plaza. Don't go there for luxury. But as a place to rest between museums and shops and day trips, it does just fine.	
Jul 20 2008 	Discreto hotel per Londra		
Mar 30 2008	Immerwieder gerne...		
Apr 9 2007 	Puede estar bien		
Jan 4 2007	Hôtel à déconseiller formellement		
Apr 18 2006	Correcto		
