Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic Staff	I stayed a weekend at this hotel, Staff friendly - Mr Mallick and Mr Arun who looked after us very well. Prompt check in, lift had some hiccups with keycard but Mr Arun sorted. Breakfast needs some improvement. Hotel would be in the 2012 Olympic village and lot of builders stayed here.	
Oct 28 2009 	Hotel fine but front desk service disgraceful	The hotel is fine - what you would expect from Express by Holiday Inn. Not in a particularly nice part of town to come back to late at night but I know the area and that didn't bother me particularly. The rate was great at £58 (including continental breakfast) for a fairly last-minute booking. I booked the hotel and my husband had to check us in as I was going to arrive late - I rang reservations to check this would be OK and they said it would be as long as he was named as an additional guest (which I did online) and he had my credit card - we arranged this and he checked in fine, paid the £58 and got a receipt. On checkout, the receptionist asked for an additional £35 on top of the £58 already paid as she insisted that there had been a third person staying in our room! We said that this was not the case, but she was having none of it. She went off for several minutes to talk to someone in a back room, then came out and demanded information from me to prove that the rate I had paid was the one I had booked - I had a confirmation printed from my e-mails but because I had printed in the wrong view it did not have this. I insisted that there had only been two overnight guests, and she finally, after several more minutes of pouting and general rudeness, said that she would not be charging me an additional £35 as if she was doing me some kind of favour. I was not at all impressed and this would put me off staying there again.	
Jul 18 2009 	centre of east london	we have stayed twice in the holiday inn express.The best bits about is the location, the polite staff-i(ndika - night manager and sudhaker ) , the breakfast and assistance .Overall it was a good experinece - the 2nd visit was slightly marred by loss of airconditioning - but we were given a fan -that did help and a apology was given -accepted!Rooms are average for HIexpress and it would help if both the lifts work! rather than one .as its Priced reasonably for the facilities . i would stay here again!	
May 28 2009 	Would return without hesitation - if the location was better.	As has been mentioned, the surrounding areas are slightly run down, and if you're thinking of staying here it would be an idea to acquaint yourself with the area beforehand, and to buy an Oyster card. We arrived before midnight but felt apprehensive when the cab driver advised us to be extra careful - especially late at night. It wasn't the best of introductions to the area, but like most stations in busy cities, it did have a few dubious characters wandering around. But please remember this was only at the station itself, which is within easy reach of the hotel. The cab fare was approximately £7.00 from the station to the hotel, so good value, especially when travelling with heavy cases late at night. But if you're not averse to the few dubious characters, it's easily walkable to the hotel and is also on a bus route - one stop from Stratford station. The check in was fine and we were allocated a top floor room overlooking the main and very busy road. This wasn't a problem to us as both lifts were working fine and even if you're a very light sleeper, the double glazing drowns out most of the noise. But if you like to sleep with the window open, it would be advisable to ask for a room on the other side. The room was large and clean, as was the bedding and the bathroom. No faults at all with the housekeeping - it was exemplary. The only minor negative point was a stain on the cover of the sofa but as we only used it to put bags on, it wasn't a problem. The bed tended to lean towards the middle, but was comfortable after a hectic day spent in London. The bathroom, which is in fact a shower room, was spotless, as were the towels. We always take our own toiletries but there are dispensers for hand and body wash near the sink and in the shower, and a vending machine near the foyer if you forget anything like toothpaste. The nearby shopping centre in Stratford should cover just about anything else you may need.As has been mentioned in previous reviews, there was no hot food available that weekend, but the receptionists are more than happy to order a take-away for you to eat in your room, providing it's not overly late. The take-away menus, although of limited choice, can be found near the vending machine, and one meal was ample to feed two of us, and at approximately £10 including delivery, good value for London. The continental breakfasts are standard but adequate enough to start the day off. If, as we did, you find yourself slightly disorientated with the area, just ask. The girls on reception were a credit to the hotel, and if they couldn't immediately help with directions to various places, they Googled the areas and handed us printouts, which was a very kind and helpful gesture. I can't recommend highly enough the benefits of buying an Oyster card on your arrival in London, especially if you're staying for sight-seeing in London. These, topped up with £30 each, was more than enough for us to traverse across the city and further, and to have credit available at the end of the stay. Much cheaper than taxis. There's a bus stop a couple of minutes away from the hotel, and it's only one stop to Stratford station. As it was a weekend, there were various disruptions due to works being carried out, but at no time did we find this a problem. There's alternative routes to be taken and the station staff were very helpful. If returning from London to Stratford, and need a bus to the hotel, go to platform C at the bus station and get on any red bus - it's as easy as that, and where your Oyster card comes in handy. It's also handy for the DLR and buses. Should you wish to travel out to Beckton to the smaller shopping outlets, it's one stop from the hotel to the station, and a bus (I think it was the 252 or 262 but please ask - the local people were also more than helpful) takes you directly to Beckton Triangle (with it's Next and Boots clearance stores) or Gallion's Reach shopping centre, and which takes under an hour. Overall, we were very happy with the hotel and the hotel staff. The only downside was the distance from the city to the hotel, especially if you need to return more than once in a day, (but who'd want to?) and the lack of cooked food at the weekend. If you prefer to travel by taxi to and from the hotel it might work out cheaper to book a Holiday Inn that's more central. If not, then I'd recommend this hotel if you're travelling by car, or for a long weekend providing you don't mind the DLR and frequent tube changes.. If we could have picked this hotel up, and dropped it to a place nearer the attractions, it would have been near perfect for our needs. Our stay cost us £159 for 3 nights B&amp;B, but look around for any offers at the Holiday Inn site.Thank you to all at the hotel and I hope this has been of some help to any readers.	
Apr 15 2009 	Handy Weekend Place	Stayed here with 2 of my friends for a weekend in London. Only a short walk from Tube so handy for touring around (10 min). Around £25 for a cab out for the clubs in Leicster square when the tubes had finished for the evening. Rooms nice and clean. Staff friendly. Bar in the reception area. Lots of food for breakfast - cereal, toast, croissants, yoghurts. No hot food though. Can't comment on the restaurant as it was closed over the easter weekend when we stayed, which we thought very odd. Good Value all round.	
Mar 30 2009 	Excellent!	This was my first ever experience in any Lodge/Inn, we went out for a trip to see London attractions with our family, booked 3 rooms, (5 children in total, various ages)Hotel was extremely clean,room was lovely, shower room was really nice, breakfast was nice, got good value for money, parking was available just outside the hotel at £7 per night which was reasonable, had no problems at all and enjoyed our stayStratford station is just minutes away, theres a nice takeway/cafe at the station, easy access to tubes/town centre, nice quiet Residential Area	
Mar 14 2009 	Decent	This hotel was actually very nice although hard to find at night if you had to walk. The area was run down but once you got out to the underground it was ok. Breakfast was good and had a lot of options. The room was nice, clean and quiet. Overall a good hotel to stay in and value for money for London.	
Feb 27 2009	good location	Myself my wife and 4 children have just returned from London. we stayed at the express by holiday inn at Stratford. For the price of the accomadation which included a continental breakfast the hotel was very clean, we booked 2 rooms which included a double and sofa beds which were very comfortable. The rooms were tidied every day and towels changed. the best thing about the hotel was the location, close to a tube and bus station. Overall we felt very safe in this hotel.	
Jan 7 2009	Pleasant Experience - Recommended!	Really pleased with our recent visit to the Stratford Holiday Inn. We arrived on New Year's Eve at around 12:00 and were allowed to check in, even though normal check in time starts at 2:00. We had requested a room at the back of the building (not facing the busy highway), but were told this information was not on their booking system. I found this rather peculiar since I had booked directly with the hotel website. In the end, the reception staff accommodated our request without too much persuasion.The room was clean and compact; no complaints. I did notice that instead of providing a complimentary shampoo/shaving cream/ sewing kit, etc. in the bedroom, you must now request it from staff. Cost cutting I suppose. Overnight, the room was quiet and we had a restful sleep (no outdoor noise or sounds from neighbouring rooms) - a real feat considering it was New Year's Eve!The one drawback to this hotel is its location in East London. It takes about 25 minutes to travel by underground to Westminster station (central London), plus approx 10-15 minutes to walk to the Stratford station. That said, I feel it is not unreasonable as long as you only take the trip once a day. However, if you like to do a bit of sightseeing and then come back to your room and relax before heading out again, you'll find this hotel's location inconvenient. Access to London via the Stratford station is flexible, with the Jubilee, Circle and DLR lines, as well as Overland trains operating from this station. There is a bus depot outside the Stratford station. Depending on what underground ticket you purchase, it may include buses, which would cut down on your walking time to and from the hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Will be back to stay!	--------------------------------------------------------------------------------We arrived at the hotel &amp; had problems with our travel agent, The hotel manager took care of it while we went out for the day. We stayed at the hotel for 11 days and were very comfortable. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. The back side of the hotel is quiet at night. The Stratford tube and train and bus stations are about 4 blocks away, with cabbies available for aroound 5 pounds to the hotel, with tip if you're too tired to walk. There is a mall accross the street from the station with restaurants and movies. We walked half the time and always felt safe, even at 10:00 pm. We felt it was a longway out when we got there , but with the transportation system we within 10-15 minutes of anywhere in London Center for siteseeing. Would definitly stay again.	
Dec 23 2008 	I've been to better	It took forever to book in as they had lost our reservation, despite giving confirmation details to them. There is parking available but at a cost of £12. The bedroom was ok. Comfortable bed and basic facilities available.The bathroom was a let down. There was no bath and it was rigged up for disabled customers, which posed a problem. There was a very sensitive emergency cord hanging in the middle of the shower which, when knocked, alarms reception. If you accidently knock this, expect many calls from the reception desk!Overall, I was disappointed with what we got for the money...	
Nov 12 2008 	A good standard and location not bad	This hotel is not far from Stratford train/Underground/DLR station. It is on a busy road and the ten minute walk felt safe to me. There also buses opposite running into the city.The room was of a good standard and I have no complaints about it. I would have given this a higher rating, but I didn't like the breakfast. There is a small buffet in the corning and at the time I visited there were a huge number of people scrambling for the food. There was a long wait to use the toast machine, so I gave up and took what I could. In conclusion, if you can get a good price for this hotel I would recommend it.	
Oct 24 2008 	Expensive and Limited Parking	Stayed at the hotel for one night on business. Booked via last minute.com - free parking included. On arrival it became clear that parking wasnt included. I was advised that I could park in their carpark at a cost of £12- but unfortunatly there weren't any spaces available.The rooms were clean and spacious, with a standard buffet style breakfast. Ive also stayed at the Express near the MIllenium Dome, which I would recomed over this one. Free parking for a start!I probably wont book with Express again though - they've put their prices up recenty. Some of them by an additional £50 per night.Used to be a good hotel chain offering good value for money, a touch up the range from Premier Travel Inn.However..You can now stay at a Hilton Hotel for the same price!	
May 20 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price Friendly service	It's the staff at this hotel that make it outstanding. Very helpful and extremely friendly. If they didn't have the answer to a question, they got it for you.The rooms are quite small compared to American hotel rooms, but then again, that's usual in England. Breakfast was good and enough to get you through well into the day. Locations is a little out of the way, and not in the greatest of neighborhoods, but we felt safe walking there at night. The subway was just a couple of blocks away and there is a good shopping center just outside it. The bus will take you right in front of the hotelI recommend this hotel for a fairly inexpensive and very welcoming stay.	
Mar 2 2008 	Excellent value clean and friendly	Over the years I've stayed at this outer London hotel on many occasions and have not been dissapointed.I can undersatnd many of the more negative comments reference the location, and the surrounding area, but that said you do get what you pay for in London.If you're an overseas visitor I suggest taxi from the train station particularly at night.Personally i found the staff to be excellent the rooms are always clean and the continental breakfast is first class.It is though on a main road, and it's busy all night. Light sleepers I suggest a room at the back. If you're travelling by car, make sure to book a space.At night try the Pie Crust cafe across the road. Don't be put off by the decor. Whilst it looks like a run down cafe put your pre conceptions behind you. It serves some excellent thai food. You usually find an ecletic mix of clients.	
Dec 9 2007 	Awful place	Parking was terrible.The area is run down and unsafe, even the 10 min walk to the tube or bus station is very scary. The room was very basic and extremely noisy. I had hardly any sleep as I was constantly awoken by the sound of emergency vehicles and lorries. The website did not mention the hotel is situated right on the edge of a very busy dual carriageway. A friend staying on the opposite side of the hotel was kept awake all night be generator noise.The staff were unfriendly and non English so they had difficulty understanding what I was saying.Breakfast was disappointing.I would avoid like the plague.	
Jul 6 2007	Okay	Just okay. Nice shower, especially for Americans not used to Europeanshowers, this one was just like home. Breakfast was decent and the staff was friendly. I've had worse and I've had better...	
May 27 2007 	Will never go there again	We turned up just before 2 and asked to bok in the trainee receptionist very rudely told us to sit down. When we were finaly allowed to check in she was rude again to the other staff in front of us.The room itself was ok the bed was comfortable.If you stay here fri sat or sun they do not do food instead you are shown to an area where take away menus are and you have to order in??????????????????????????????????When asking for drinks we asked for a single shot but got a double and charged for a double they don't listen to what you say.We advised the hotel when we got there we had prepaid through last minute.com and showed them the paperwork but on checking out they tried to charge me again and when i asked for an invoice to show no money had been taken off my card all i got was i can't do that so i insisted they did and got a plain bit of paper with a quick note scribbled on it.This may all sound petty but the rudeness of the staff was awful and did not seem to understand english.	
May 13 2007	Pillows like paving slabs!	When I got to my room there was a customer satisfaction questionnaire on my pillow. Unfortunately, it had already been filled out by the previous guest! I read with disappointment that the kettle didn't work which was bad news as after a long journey I was gasping for a cup of tea! Anyway, the kettle did actually work if you applied pressure to the plug (loose connection!). Good value, new, clean, nice continental breakfast. Nice property but my night's sleep spoiled by the pillows which were thin and hard.	
Apr 27 2007 	A bed and that's about it.	There are very few hotels in this rather gritty part of outer London, so I guess we ought to be grateful for this one. Having business calls in the area, I've stayed here several times.Good points: straightforward, comfortable rooms.Bad points: Totally inadequate secure parking - the broken windscreen glass in the streets does not inspire confidence. Did I say gritty? - the area is grim.Grim welcome, too. Joyless. Not many smiles, staff seem put-upon.Crummy breakfast: there is some fruit, but apart from that it's self service stodge: flabby bread and wizened little pastries which look as if they've been microwaved from frozen. Low grade machine beverages. No eggs, bacon, ham or any kind of protein or wholemeal. Evening meals are available and in my experience very poor quality.I've been in several rooms and they all have icky looking stains on the sofas. Real off-putting.Stay if you have to, but don't expect to enjoy it.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Hotel	Great Hote. The staff were brilliant. They could not do enough for you. We just walked in and booked the hotel and they were very friendly. After coming back from the theatre we were hungry and they recommended the Cafe opposite, which does not look much from the outside, but we would recommend it to anyone.It made our weekend,	
Aug 6 2006 	Clean hotel nice staff but to many things out of order and no quick fix	Ok, I know that this is a cheap hotel, and you have to have this in mind when evaluating. But we experienced many things that were out of order, and they were only partially fixed during our stay.When we arrived, we noticed that the water went out of the sink very slowly. We had to remove the plug entirely in order to be able to use the sink at all. The electric kettle was only working if you were standing beside it keep pressing it down towards the table. The light bulb in the toilet would not turn on. At night we discovered that the TV remote control did not work, so we could not set the alarm clock to wake us up in the morning. We used the alarm on our cell phone, but unfortunately, it was set to Danish local time (without us thinking of it), so we got up 1 hour earlier (ok, I know that this is our fault and not the hotel). Instead of waiting an hour for the hotel to open breakfast, we went to the city to get an English breakfast. When we returned, we told the clerk about our problems (and that the cleaning staff had taken the bed linned from our extra bed (for our son) without putting a new one on (even not in the room at all). They would come up and have a look at it. It took a long time, we were about to go to bed, so we called them on the phone, and they were in our room after 5 min.They brought an extra kettle, swaped the remote (to one that worked better, but not good) and gave us an extra linned for the extra bed. Regarding the light bulp, the maintainer was not around, so they could not switch the bulb. They said that they could transfer us to another room, but we did not think of the problem to be that important and desided to stay in the room rather than packing all our stuff together and then unpack it again. We forgot to look at the sink problem.In the next morning during breafast, both the coffee machine and the juice machine was out of order. The staff open up the door to a meeting room, where you could get coffee, but no juice. So our son had to start the day with a glass of coffee milk to drink - they could not fix the juice problem and had no backup for this. )-:Why were there so many things not working, and why didn't cleaning staff or anyone other notice the problems with the bulb and slow draining water by themselves? It should be an easy thing to find out when turning the switch and no lights come up and when cleaning the sink.... strange.The hotel is most likely staffed less than needed.Sad, because these small things should be easy to fix and would to me give the hotel a much better rating.Bad parking facilities, but ok, this is probably a general problem in London.Regards, Larshttp://lars.eberhardt-bonnesen.dk	
Jun 12 2006	Value For Money!	Value for Money!Clean Rooms &amp; Friendly staff.Breakfast looked good but i was in a hurry!Parking may be a problem because you have to book it direct with the hotel.Overall, very good. i woudl deffinitely return.	
Aug 31 2005	Thank you will go again!	This was excellent from the word go! Staff very helpful when had to change reservation. Changed one of the rooms without a quibble when I complained of cigarette smoke, very helpful from beginning to end. Not too expensive either. Definitely would go there again on my next stay in London. I used to live in Stratford so for me this was a very central place to stay to get things done. See you in September Express Stratford.	
May 16 2005	Great Value for Money	My boyfiend and I stayed at this hotel on Saturday night. When we arrived we were greeted by a lovely &amp; pleasant receptionist who at first had a little trouble finding our booking (I had booked direcly with the hotel) which was was sorted out immediately. We also reserved a parking space which was only £5! The room was very clean, modern and well arranged. For the money we paid it was well worth it. The hotel was very queit and clean and the breakfast which was included in the price was simple but satisfactory. I would definitely reccomend it.	
Dec 3 2004	Good Value make location Good	7 of us stayed in November for four nights.The rooms were very clean with enough space for four people. The staff was good and costumer service oriented. The tube is 500 meters walking, althoug at night it seems like a hot spot for teens wreacking havoc.I would recommend this hotel for any one visiting London, very clean location is a bit far from tourist london, but accessible and for the price in this very expensive city is worth the 20-30 minute ride into downtown.I would defitely return to this location for any other trips to london if the price was just as cheap. Buffet breakfast fills you for the day so you don't spend 100 buck on lunch.	
Oct 15 2004	Some staff rude!	Most of the staff friendly; however, very short staffed. Rooms nice enough. I booked car park and no space reserved for me. Italian man on reception not too bothered about my problems and quite rude. Nice stay otherwise. Good access to London on Tube.	
Aug 20 2004	Fast friendly efficient service.	BACKGROUNDI recently stayed at the Express by Holiday Inn in Stratford, East London during a visit to London.During this stay, my plans changed and I needed to stay an extra two days.As the hotel that I was staying in was totally booked out for the extra days I was spending in town, I was forced to look elsewhere.Looking elsewhere, at the last minute can turn out to be costly and a hassle.BOOKINGSearching at an internet café, I was glad to find that the HI Express in Stratford had excellent rates for my extra two days.Booking online was easy and when I arrived at reception, well in advance of the check-in time, my room had already been allocated and was available.ARRIVAL AND CHECK-INI was particularly pleased with the welcome I received at check-in. The complimentary breakfasts each morning were tasty and set me up well for the day ahead.I was pleased with the standard of my room, which was spotless and well serviced during my stay.ABOUT THE AREAStratford is within easy reach of central London by London Underground's Central and Jubilee lines. London Buses pass by the hotel (nearest stop - Carpenter's Road) frequently and will have you at Stratford underground station in about one minute.LAST WORDSI would recommend this hotel for it's welcome and value in a city where both are often in short supply.	
Oct 7 2009 	Zona 3 di Londra ma comodo		
Sep 7 2009 	Schlechter Service guter Preis		
Apr 17 2009 	Nicht in der allerbesten Lage!		
