Jun 26 2009 	Don't Even Look at WEBSITE its worse than disgusting	This is not a hotel, not even student accommodation, but a squalid, dirty building with rooms. Don't part with any money as you won't get it back and I'm sure if you do book you will want to leave faster than a nlink of an eye!!Bed: dirty stained sheets, stained matress, smellycarpet: soiled smelly, drops of blood, paper on floor etc. Never been hoovered!Shower: Did hot step in as too frightened, smally, mouldy, dirty Left asap should be shut down its an insult to london	
Jul 10 2008 	Mucky and smelly horrible hotel	I don't know how this kind of website can have and recomend such a mucky hotel. First of all, nobody was waiting for us (though we sent an e-mail saying the arrival time as they requested), after 1 hour and 45 minutes and two calls a woman came to the &quot;hotel&quot; (it's just a building with some rooms) to give us the keys and to have the money, of course they didn't give us any receipt.When we got in we couldn't even breath because of the foot smell. Finally, when we arrived to the room (the building doesn't have lifts), the room was simple but everything was dirty: the floor, the sheets, the furniture, the bathroom, etc. and the toilet was broken so it didn't flush.Furthermore, before we got into the hotel, we found a family that was going out from it, and they told me that they had to buy sheets in M&amp;S, and products to clean the room and particularly the bathroom.If this hotel was in my country I will denounce them into the consumer organization or even to health organization.	
Nov 7 2007 	it's ok	The location is perfect, near tube station and Bond Street. The room was essential but clean, not too small not too big; the toilette was clean. Only 1 negative point: they dont clean the room and they dont tidy up the bed every day.Altogether it's ok.	
Jun 13 2006	A gross smelly dirty place	From the bugs in the beds, to the mice running about the floor there wasn't one positive thing to say about this place. It smelled like body odor and smoke, the room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a year, the bathroom was falling apart and dirty, and the hairs in the sheets made me think the beds hadn't been changed since the last victims stayed there.It's cheap, but totally not worth it. After the mouse arrived, my wife and I checked out in the middle of the night and spent 140 pounds more at a real hotel a few blocks away. After a few days in this dump, the real hotel stay was heavenly.	
Mar 20 2006	not recommended	Me and my boyfriend had booked this place over the internet.It looked ok from the outside when we finally found it.We pressed the buzzer several times and no-one answered untill we actually rang the receptionist from outside.As soon as we walked in,it had an awful stench.It didnt look like a hotel but rather like a messy student bed-sit.We had no choice but to leave even though we had already paid for it via the internet-yes it was that bad!	
Jun 13 2005 	A hovel	Put simply, this 'hotel' is a hovel. As a single woman travelling on business I was both disturbed &amp; disgusted staying in this accommodation. Unfortunately, I had booked on the internet for a £55 room the previous week &amp; I was told by the 'receptionist' (&amp; is intimidating 'family') that I could not withdraw my booking without forfeiting my room cost.I felt both threatened &amp; intimidated staying here &amp; the fact that there was no lock on the inside of my 'bedsit' door did nothing to dispell my worries. I barricaded myself in for a night of sleep (how many London hotels have you done that in?!) &amp; was only too happy to leave in the morning.The room was filthy &amp; the shower, toilet &amp; door handles were all broken.I would strongly suggest that no-one should put themselves in a situation that this establishment provides &amp; hence, please, please, please, DO NOT BOOK INTO THIS 'SUITE'. My only regret is that I did not read reviews such as this before I booked in a week ago.	
Jan 31 2005	AWFUL!!!!	This hotel was an absolute mess, my friend and I stayed here one night on the 27th of January 2005 and we thought it was absolutely discusting! It looked like a broffal! there was dirty washing piled up outside our room door...the breakfast was totally gross...i wouldnt eat it if it was the last thing on this earth...i woke up the next morning and had bed bug bites all over my hands and i didnt have them before i stayed there! I have never seen anywhere so discusting in my life! I WOULD ADVISE EVERYONE NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!!!!I was appalled by the condition the bathroom was in...the shower head was all mouldy, the tiles were chiped and coming off the walls...you could have cut yourself to pieces in there! PLEASE DONT EVER GO THERE!!I wouldnt even stay in this hotel if it was my last choice! I would rather sleep on the streets!	
Jan 26 2005	Used to be a find	About seven years ago, I starting making short trips to London to go antiquing. I would usually stay at the Ivanhoe, and found it basic, but clean, neat and friendly and very inexpensive (around 67 pounds a night, incl tax and cont. breakfast). The people who worked there and managed the place were very pleasant to deal with. The location is terrific, as there are lots of restaurants and shopping nearby, and I didn't have to be frightened to be alone. There was a middle eastern restaurant with great food downstairs that sayed open pretty late, and I liked to go there too. So, Frommers used to be right. It was a find.I was so dissappointed when about three years ago, I brought my family with me to stay there for two nights. The place had been sold to new owners, who have no idea what even &quot;basic&quot; service is. Piles of old laundry were on all of the narrow stair landings. (there is no elevator; imagine navigating your suitcase around these piles) They didn't service the rooms at all while we were there. When we arrived, there was only one towel for all four of us. I had to go searching through their hall closets in search of more towels or clean linens. When we were checking out, the desk guy was very slow because he was engrossed in some LOUD horrid TV show starring a very fowl mouthed, large breasted, drunken, rude American woman -- a TV show he had playing in their very small first floor landing &quot;lobby&quot;. I've read the other reviews and can imagine that if the current management kept up the same dismal service we experienced on our last visit to the Ivanhoe, then it is likely that they have let the hotel get run down and even become full of fleas. How sad.Keep shopping; there are lots of other great places to stay in London.	
Nov 29 2004	DISGUSTING	I would avoid this place at all costs--bad service &amp; horrid accomdations. If you have the money to afford a better place, get a better hotel, or if you don't, stay in a hostel.This is by far the worst hotel that I have ever seen/stayed at. The rooms are infested by bugs and the entire hotel has a distinct odor. Moreover, to get to your room you have to walk up (no elevators) multiple flights of stairs. After going to the hotel, I absolutely refused to stay there, and rather than providing me with an immediate refund, I was sent on an end-run to see whether other hotels (owned by the same person) would be acceptable (which they were not). Finally, after about 90 minutes I was able to get the hotel to cancel my reservations.	
Apr 6 2004	Good value and great location	This hotel only costs around ?70 per night. It is in an excellent location. Considering you can stay in a 4* hotel in the West End and be kept awake all night by Police sirens this accomodation is very quiet as the restaurants close at about midnight and there is no further noise. Admittedly the accomodation is basic but for the price, location and peace it is a very good base to stay in London. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 * hotels and paid a minimum of ?140 per night for a few extra frills but do you really need a health club and an on site restaurant and bar when London has so many to offer? I would not hesitate to recommend this.	
Jun 27 2003	DON'T GO THERE	A hotel listed on your site should be removed immediately! It is the &quot;Ivanhoe Suite Hotel&quot; in London. It is a very unacceptable place. It is located in a closed off area where hundreds of people are eating and drinking and not accessible by taxi so we had to carry our bags through this maze. There was laundry on the landings and the hotel is very dirty and shabby. We refused to stay there and the man sent us to another hotel that they owned. It was a little better because it is in Russle Square. If we were staying there more than 2 nights we would have looked for a more acceptable hotel probably for less than 88 pounds a night which was the price of this fleabag. You have a review from Frommers that says it is a good hotel and has been refurbished which is completely false. I am sending this so other travelers won't make the same mistake we did. Sincerely Mary Jo Walker	
Jun 20 2003	Ivanhoe Suite hotel is not the great value as claimed by Frommers	My boyfriend and I recently spent 3 weeks touring England, Scotland, &amp; Ireland. Our trip started off with 2 nights in London and the trip ended with one night in London. The last hotel we stayed in was recommended by Frommer's as a &quot;great value with an excellent location&quot;. Well the location was good (hard to get to though since it was in an area that didn't permit driving) but the hotel was a dump. If you blink you will miss the entrance to this hotel. We rang the buzzer and knocked on the door for 10 minutes before someone let us in. You are immediately escorted up a very narrow flight of stairs to a reception area no bigger than a guest bathroom. After being left there to wait for the manager who took 15 minutes to arrive we were then escorted to our room. The room looked like it was maybe cleaned 2 a week and the bathroom was cramped and getting the shower to work took no less than a miracle. The worst part is that the rooms are located directly above two restaurants that are open late into the evening. Did I mention that the restaurants offer musical talent that plays until midnight? I definitely don't know when the Frommer review was written but I would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Oct 17 2009 	La cama buena		
Aug 27 2009 	Ein echter Geheimtipp		
Jan 9 2007	A éviter...		
