	Do not stay here!	Although we obtained a good rate for our stay at this hotel, we were very disappointed. We arrived in the evening and all sorts of people were hanging out in front of the hotel smoking. The bed was old and worn out. It actually sank toward the center. The linens were stained. The sofa bed on which our teenager slept was quite uncomfortable due to the bar that could be felt running the width of the bed. The carpet was old and fraying. The bathroom although well fitted, could have been cleaner. There were hairs from previous occupants on the floor. There are several pubs and bars in the area nearby. This means that late into the night you can hear people outside carousing.The location although central was not ideal either. The hotel is located near the Old Street station. But in order to get to any of the major sights, the trip on the tube requires at least one change which makes travel longer and inconvenient.	
	Pleasantly surprised	I stayed at this hotel for nights on a business trip. I made my booking via a corporate booking service who were unable to reserve a room for me in the hotel I requested and I picked this from the 3 alternatives offered to me.After the booking had been confirmed I read reviews and my heart sank at the negative things people had said. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised by the hotel.Things didn’t get off to a great start as to my embarrassment I couldn’t pay for both nights on my corporate credit card, obviously having exceeded my credit limit. The member of staff checking me in showed a great attitude and suggested that I try paying for the first night, which was successful and gave me time to increase my credit limit.The room I was in was good. I was on the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel, away from Old Street. The room was a good size, immaculately clean with comfy beds a decent TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities. The bathroom was fine and immaculately clean with a walk in shower that always provided a good stream of hot water. All areas of the hotel were clean and in good condition and the staff I dealt with were all polite, friendly and efficient.The only negatives I could give are probably fairly minor things.I would like to have free internet access in the room. There was free WiFi in public areas but my business laptop cannot connect. Connecting via an Ethernet cable in the room incurred either an hourly charge (somewhere in the region of £5) or a 12 hour period charge. To be fair the hotel information did say that this wasn’t free.I also like to have a safe in the room. I thought the open fronted ‘wardrobe’ and lack of any drawers was a bit strange but didn’t actually cause me any problems.The side of the hotel my room was on was generally very quiet and peaceful – however on both mornings I was there I was woken at 6:30 and 6:45 respectively by extremely noisy rubbish collection outside. Not something the hotel could control and not really a desperate problem for me.I didn’t use the bar of take the continental breakfast so can’t really comment on these.Overall I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 7 2009 	Stay well away - Awful Place!	What a dreadful experience. It may be cheap but for what its offers it needs to be much much cheaper.My tiny, dingy room stank of cigarette smoke (no non smoking rooms available). The staff were rubbish and the breakfast buffet had been cleaned out of food long before we arrived.The neighbourhood is full of bars and the streets are full of seriously drunk people past midnight. It doesn't feel particularly safe and the street noise kept us awake in our 4th floor room well past 3am.The hotel is seriously basic and did not have the twin room I had booked. This meant that I was given a 'sofa bed'. This is not a bed and is the most uncomfortable thing I have ever been unfortunate enough to lie down on. It came with no sheets, blankets or pillows. Just a filthy old sofa that folds out in 2 pieces. Neither of which is big enough to lie down on. Seriously awful place. Stay away!	
Sep 23 2009 	Never Again	Never AgainI chose this hotel because of its strategic location. After check in , they kindly put me in the second floor facing the Old Street. All through the night, a Friday night, I could hear groups of drunken people passing by and almost seemed like I was at the middle of an International Drunken Festival. In addition to that every now and then a police car ,an ambulance ,a fire truck were rushing pass by my head to show their existents. This was how I enjoy my first night in the lovely city of London, apart from my jet lagged effect.The next days I demand changing of my room to the top floor and on the opposite site. It was quite alright except I found out later on that I could not use the wifi as they advertise and it was one of the conditions I select this hotel. In trying to solve the problem, I had to face the men in black down at the reception again and they were so kind that they could change to any room which I could use to connect the internet with my notebook. The only problem was they did not know which room that the wifi is available. Does that mean I would have to change room from one to the other until I found it, which could take forever? The answer from the helpful men in black was YES, with a sincere smile. So I rest my case.The following days I stay in the room with a little peace and quiet to my mind, only if I did not count a couple of fire alarm that had me running (not knowing it was the fire alarm)and try to find the switch to turn the damn noise off, which first I thought it came from the TV or something. I did not know the fire alarm procedure of what to do when it sound. I did open my door to realize that the loud noise was not anything to do with my room which I could see many people moving around like chicken with no head. It was not a nightmare surely because it happened during daytime, and it happened three times on three days.I thought I could learn something about how the British do when fire alarm is on but,to my pity, I did not learn anything. There was not any explanation to the hotel guest or anything. The hotel management just let things gone by and continue to sip their tea wathcing football rerun.All in all the hotel is not that bad. Only if I could live with the card reader at the door knob and pray to see the green light so that I could enter after I slid it for the 78th times while having the toilet attack. And only if I could live with the TV with its slightly distorted screen to watch the CNN and if I could live with the bathroom towels I had to reused after I laid them on the floor but I found later on that they were nicely hanged at their place, especially just for me. This was probably how the house maid got their tips when someone begged for the new ones.When I thought I have had it with this hotel. I decide to check out realizing that they have the condition of 50 pound charged in case of early departure , as stated in the room booking confirmation.To my surprise , they were so kind not to mention the early departure charges. However they took out my remaining room charges which cost nearly 300 pound, to themselves. They claimed that it was an advance payment they took from the credit card I gave since my (internet)booking. When I started to argue about the early departure charge stated in the booking confirmation paper, this was when these people pretended that they did not understand English. Over at that situation, I felt cheated and robbed. But concerning my safety, I had to leave this hotel but asked for their permission that I will tell the world how good the hospitality of “Holiday Inn” is. I really don’t know that I had done business with the global famous name of the &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; or a thieve.SABENA (Such A Bad Experiences, Never Again)	
Aug 26 2009 	very clean near Underground station	It was hard to find a single room in a London Hotel for 2 adults, &amp; 2 older teenagers, but we had a double bed &amp; double fold out couch &amp; it worked for us.. Room was very clean &amp; small by US standards,but ok size. Staff very helpful. Continental brkfast convenient, but same thing every day. Lobby had AC but not rooms. Ok if we closed blinds &amp; left window open during day, otherwise very hot at night. Street very noisy with windows open at night but we quickly learned to sleep through it &amp; I slept well most nights. Room &amp; bathroom very clean but staff didn't clear away used dishes from room. Hotel is close to convenience type stores &amp; some small but good restaurants as well as a Tube stop.	
Aug 18 2009 	Consider other options if you can	PROSHoliday Inn gave us 2 free nights, so we used them here.Plenty of breakfast food. Quantity.2 blocks from the TubeVery near ( John ) Wesley Church, Start of Methodist Friendly front desk.They put all 4 of us in 1 room, as requested. CONSThey charged us for the room ( which is interesting since we didn't give them our credit card number. Hello, Holiday Inn Corporate office..)Not the nicest neighborhood, unless blue collar bar hopping is your type of fun.No A/CPlenty of breakfast food, remember...quantity.	
Apr 23 2009 	Don't stay here.	We booked this trip through Hotwire, as a 3-star hotel in the financial district. It is neither. The restaurant is like a high school cafeteria. It is way up north - nearest tube stop is Old Street. Rooms are tiny - there are no dressers or drawers at all. It is in a slumlike area. Graffiti on neighboring buildings.	
Mar 29 2009	Fantastic value for a weekend city break in London	Twin room for £80 per night including breakfast in zone 1 - can't say fairer than that! The hotel is located a 5 minute walk from Old Street on the Northern Line and the area was noisy at night although you could hardly hear anything with the windows shut. So it would have been good to have had air con! The hotel is modern, clean, comfortable and the staff on the front desk were extremely helpful and polite.	
Feb 25 2009 	Wow an Express that ticks all the boxes	I stayed here before and it was tired, the reception, bar and breakfast area have been transformed - it made all the difference. Breakfast was better than most, location was great and we were able to travel easily to the local areas. The rooms could do with an update, to keep in line with the pubic areas.The staff were helpful and friendly.	
Feb 23 2009 	poor excuse for a holiday inn	noisy, souless, basic hotel, staff ok, was given wrong time for breakfast, and on arrival was practically attacked for asking for bread! in a shabby part of london, wouldnt stay again, far nicer hotels in lodon for the £85 a night that we spent.	
Feb 2 2009 	oh dear oh dear	When so many hoiday inn express are well run and well maintained, this one is very sad and tired. The general manager's name is missing from behind the reception desk and perhaps they are hiding from the guests?The rooms whilst clean are well worn. The hotel is certainly not value for money and at over £100 per night is not cheap.The reception staff are very rude and slow. Fortunately the rest of the staff are pleasant and seem hardworking. This is a business hotel and is well located not far from Liverpool street. This is not a tourist hotel and the location is not great if you are coming to London on holiday. It is certainly not the sort of area that you would like to walk around at night with your family though it does have a certain east end charm.	
Nov 14 2008 	A functional hotel but there are better in this price range	OK - the Holiday Inn Express is clearly a hotel aimed at Business Travellers so you can't expect the normal frills one would expect with a holiday hotel. 'Functional' is a very apt word for this hotel.The room was clean, tidy and the bed was OK, but it would have been nice to have a drawer to put things in, rather than have the choice of leaving things in full view of the cleaners, or left in the case.The shower, whilst having a decent water flow, was never more than lukewarm. The windows were not double-glazed, which meant that, even on the top floor, there was a constant hum of traffic throughout the night, regularly interspersed by emergency vehicle sirens (I counted 7 in one night, between midnight and 6.30 a.m.)The bar is next to the reception area, with no barrier of any sort in between; the receptionists' counter continued to become the 'bar'. The best description is 'soulless'.The 'Continental breakfast' consisted of syrupy Orange Juice from a machine, tea and coffee from a machine, a very limited selection of cereal, some tinned grapefruit bits, pots of yoghurt, two sorts of bread and a self-service toaster, hard bread rolls and croissants, pots of jam and marmalade aand slivers of 'plastic cheese' (no taste). No suggestion of any hams or salamis.As a business hotel it suffices, but there are other, far better, hotels in the area for the same price, some with full cooked breakfasts and leisure facilities.	
Oct 28 2008 	Poor value	Stayed a few times for business as it was close to a course location, averaging over £100 per night.It's got a complete lack of facilities, my coffee wasn't refreshed in the week I was there, the shampoo ran out and it took 2 or 3 calls to get another delivered.If you get a room at the front of the hotel it's extremely noisy, it seems the main emergency services route as sirens were pretty much all night.I also stayed in August and one of the lifts was out of order, went back in October and it was still broken.The room rates I've paid vary between £99 and £180 per night and for this would really have expected more even in London.Travelodge is around a 10 minute walk away and for the money and facilities on offer would probably stay there in future if I was spending my own money.On the plus side, just round the corner in Hoxton Square is a great Noodle bar (Miso), really good food and incredibly cheap.	
Sep 26 2008 	Yes in the city of London but not in The City	You know what you get when you book a Holiday Inn Express and I cant fault the room as it is the same as others I have stayed in (eg Perth) although the decor was a tired and less welcoming.To call it the Holiday Inn London City is stretching things a bit far though; as it is basically in Hoxton and not in The City. Still, it definitely charges City prices (because it can, during the week). The area around some would call &quot;up and coming&quot; well that is one way of looking at it. I didn't mind staying there for work, as it was just somewhere to crash, but for those coming from overseas don't think you will be in the Square Mile or in a nice area. The good thing is that the Tube is only a couple of minutes away so you can scamper there pretty quickly.I thought the breakfast was good for a buffet although the dining room did remind me of a school hall. I would echo what folk have said about the noise outside in terms of the road, especially if you have to have your window open when it is hot (not a problem for me in Sept or indeed probably anyone this summer......)I don't think I would stay there again, as you can get a lot better for the same price elsewhere. However a Holiday Inn does what it says what it will do on the tin and you cant fault the quality; in this case just the location and the price	
Jul 27 2008 	This Hotel is OK	This is not a bad hotel, for London its quite good really, it is obviously a budget hotel and so don't expect any frills, the staff largely ignore you but occasionaly one gets a smile and good day from them.Having said that, whenever I have had need to speak to them they have always been attentive and polite, they just don't go out of their way.I stay here on business from time to time, and decided on this because of it location to where I work, it is also very convienient for the Tube being in Zone 1 its fine.A short walk to the Barbican centre will give you a different perspective on London, but if you head North East from the hotel towards Hackney, welllllll perhaps not, lets say it meets the governments diversity targets and leave it at that.I have stayed here twice and would be happy to stay again, we did use a nearby travellodge and I refused to go back there.	
May 30 2008 	Decent value hotel in Old Street area	Hotel is convenient for those needing to visit Old Street area for business, loads of pubs and restaurants nearby, but there are possibly better options for tourists at this price.Check-in was easy from polite staff. Hotel room was up to the expected Express by Holiday Inn standards, very clean, everything works etc. A desk fan is provided in room as there is no air conditioning. It wasn't hot whilst I was there, so didn't need it but I imagine it would be needed in the summer, as roads outside are too noisy to leave the windows open in the early evening.Continental breakfast was well stocked and plentiful, no problem finding a table as cleaning staff made sure tables were cleaned as soon as guests left.Check-out was fast as there were plenty of staff available - full marks to the management for that. All staff were helpful and polite. So, overall a good stay. I'll be back whenever I need to stay overnight near Old Street.	
May 7 2008 	Simple but elegant	Stayed here for 1 night and I think it was a pretty good stay. The beds were actually extremely good, the bathroom was great and the service well.The only negative thing was that there were no A/C in the room, only a little wave on a table was provided. But this was very effective though.The area around the hotel is great. Many pubs and bars, eating places and such is very close to the hotel. A little grocery store is just around the corner of the hotel too.The check-out was really &quot;express&quot;. It took 5 seconds and we were checked out. We had to check out 11 am and our flight was taking off at Gatwick 8 PM, but we could use the luggage store after check-out.All in all our stay here went very well and smooth!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great value hotel well located in London	I've stayed here three times now, and you always get great service, a clean, fresh, spacious room and, if you're at the back of the hotel, a reasonably quiet night.I've always stayed here at the weekend and there are a lot of nightclubs in the vicinity, some of which don't come out until 7/8am. I think if you were at a the front of the hotel, it may well be considerably noisier, but I could be wrong. There are certainly a lot of police/ambulance journeys made along the road past the hotel.Having said that, I've always had prompt, polite, knowledgeable service from the front desk staff. I don't think I've been welcomed as a Priority Club member yet, but don't really care too much. The rooms, which can sleep 4 people (two on two singles or a double, two of the big fold-out coach) are always clean, well stocked with tea/coffee etc. The wireless internet, provided by a third party, is pricey, at 6 pounds per hour, but better value if you're paying for longer.Breakfast is make-your-own toast, croissants, cereal (with *cold* milk, yeay!), tea/coffee/orange juice, and is decent for the price of the rooms, considering you can get four people in there.Location good, just a short walk from Old Street Underground on the Northern Line, so only 3 stops from Kings Cross/St. Pancras/Euston.Would definitely recommend this hotel for its weekend price, value and customer friendliness.	
Mar 28 2008 	Disappointing	Even appreciating this is a budget hotel, this particular Express comes some way below a Travelodge but without the benefit of their much lower prices. Firstly, don't be fooled, it is nowhere near the true business heart of the City &amp; it will be many, many years before the City stretches out to this rundown part of the East End. The hotel itself is a modern building but it's already beginning to show signs of wear. The soulless reception is a warning of the basic &amp; gaudy bedrooms to come. To be fair, the bed was comfortable, the rooms were clean &amp; everything worked except the shower which begrudgingly coughed up a weak stream of lukewarm water. Even in March the rooms were sweltering and the fan in the room was a clue that it may border on the unbearable in the hot weather. My welcome at reception was efficient and fast but disinterested, bordering on miserable, although many of the staff later in the week were a little more cheerful &amp; engaged. Breakfast looked a drab affair and I breakfasted out. Nearby Hoxton Square is being hailed as a trendy up and coming dining area and a good feature of this hotel's grim location but in reality it is a bunch of unimaginative and overpriced &quot;urban&quot; eateries serving predictably indigestible food with a sneer to our visiting starry-eyed country cousins who find it cool. Direct transport to anywhere decent is limited despite Old Street tube being a short walk away. There's a reason why it apears to be a good price for London. It's negatives are acceptable for budget travellers willing to compromise on a trip to London, in which case it's pretty good value, but totally unacceptable for business travellers.	
Mar 26 2008 	Good Hotel - Good Nightlife Nearby	We stayed here over the Easter weekend. Our room was of a good size and clean. We stayed at the front of the hotel on the road– so was a bit noisy – but then it is London. Based just behind Hoxton square, the hotel has lots of good bars and restaurants in the vicinity – you will not be short of things to do in the evening!!! The hotel is only a couple of minutes walk to Old street station and there are plenty of bus routes nearby. We walked through the city into the West End in about 45 minutes, seeing a lot of the sites of the city of London.We have stayed here before and will definitely stay again.	
Feb 17 2008	very Good for a 3*	We really enjoyed our stay, the staff where very thoughtful and considerate of our needs. rooms clean and tidy. we had a shower in our room no bath wich didn't bother us as it was very clean. There is tea and coffe in the room, you could always ask for more. The only downfal was that there was too much noise on the street, we could hear it clearly although we where on the 5th floor the wondow could not stop the noise. apart Parking is not available you go by chance if your lucky you can get a space for £20.00 until 6pm the next day.	
Feb 13 2008 	Clean reasonable price...great location for nightlife	This is a pretty reasonably priced hotel for London. The property itself is very clean, well-designed and the rooms are large-ish and again clean and trendy-ish (but not cutting edge). The staff were friendly and efficient and the (included) complimentary breakfast was pretty good.The real reason to stay here is the location. It's out of central London but it's less than two/three minutes to the Old Street Station and maybe 15 mins walk to Liverpool Street.But, it's right in the middle of some of the best nightlife that London has to offer. Trendy, independent bars and clubs. Great ethnic restaurants (including a handful of Vietnamese restaurants that are superb...Little Hanoi - less than 50 yards away - won some cheap dining award and was superb on my visit) and probably 15 mins walk to Brick Lane(although there are a few Indian restaurants on your doorstep).There are also quite a few strip pubs/clubs (not rip-off places) nearby. These might be a plus or a minus to some but they're easily avoided if that's not your thing.For a tourist or casual visitor, a night out around here is far better- and far cheaper - than the tourist trap of central London.	
Jan 13 2008 	What an improvement	I stayed in this hotel last year for a conference a visit each year. I like Holiday Inn Express as a brand and so choose to return to this hotel in the City. What an improvement a year makes! The place looks fantastic - light and welcoming, it's reception and ground floor areas have all been refurbished and it shows. This reflects in the staff who where happy and helpful. Will be returning!	
Jan 5 2008 	Fawlty Towers would be better	My wife and my 11 year year old son had the misfortune to have a 14 day stay at this appalling hotel.As we had paid months in advance we would not be refunded if we chose to leave, which is why we stayed our whole time at this place.The staff were rude and all our requests eg extra towels etc were always never done without us having to go to reception and remind them...... this was true of all our small requests.Our flights were delayed getting into London from Australia and we arrived a day late. The hotel obviously were not going to give us a refund as per the conditions,but they wanted to charge us an addition 30 pounds for changing our booking!! I told them to drop dead.Families should avoid this place as its not child friendly or friendly at all really.I believe there is a new Travelodge hotel in the East london area, I would go thereReg Claybrookreg@willagee.com	
Nov 20 2007 	Gr8 business hotel	This is a good place to stay if you are in town for business. The tube is just 2 mins. walk from hotel and a university neighborhood. If you are here for the nightlife than grab another hotel since the tube runs until midnight. the bus station is literally across the street and some pubs surrounding it.	
Nov 6 2007 	does the job!	i've stayed at this holiday inn express a number of times in the past but this was the most recent stay having not been here in over a year. myself and a few mates use this hotel as it's reasonably close to the football club we support so its a good base for a weekend and its rates are usually pretty competitive. check-in was pretty swift,the ground floor has undergone a revamp since i was here last,wood paneling in the reception,bar and breakfast room,very nice. rooms are still good,we had a double room w/sofa bed,tv,tea/coffee making facility,room was very clean. i can understand why some people have an issue with location,its not centrally located although this isn't an issue for me but it does have good bus and tube links making it easy to get around london and its rates are usually better than hotels with a lesser standard in a more central location.	
Nov 5 2007	Why the negative reviews?	I stayed at this hotel a month ago and was pleasantly surprised. It was far better than TraveLodge, with which I've always been satisfied .The room had a telephone and plenty of room. It had ample storage and, especially nice for someone with a bad back, the most comfortable beds. A Continental breakfast is included.Granted, the location is terrible -- it's some blocks to get to the DLR, but if they could move this hotel to another location, I'd jump at the chance to stay there.	
Oct 7 2007	too noisy	we were on a tour to london with go ahead tours.they are a great tour company, but this hotel was unacceptable. location is poor, although close to a tube station.It is in an area that is becoming gentrified,but it has a long way to go.the room had no ac,only a fan . we faced the busy street,so had to have our window open(which only tilted outward) it was very noisy,although less so at nite.breakfast was adequate,but nothing to rave about.other people did find some good restaurants in the area.I definitely thought I had booked the wrong tour when I saw this hotel,but the tour was exceptional,but for this poor choice of accomodation	
Oct 6 2007 	Perfectly OK	Having read a dozen of the other reviews, it was better than I'd expected. Check-in was smooth and fast. I asked for a room high up at the rear - as recommended, and got one.The room was perfectly clean, and larger than I had expected. There's no mini-bar but you know that in advance. The bed was very comfortable. Spare pillows are stashed on top of the hanging space. Spare towels are stashed below - an usual and welcome find. The shower was great, I had no problems with water pressure or temperature. Kettle and tea-making things are provided, but you have to move the kettle from where they put it, and plug it on on the floor - a minor niggle. The radio (in the TV) does not do radio 4 but I don't think many hotel tv/radios do these days. I don't know why. I slept well and didn't try their breakfast so cannot comment on that. Check-out was very busy with undermanned desk, but nevertheless the bloke tried to find out if Liverpool Street Station was now running properly - it hadn't been on my London-bound journey and I had arrived at King's Cross. After several attempts at getting this information (it would have been achieved in three seconds flat if he had let me use his internet) he ordered me a taxi for King's Cross, which arrived immediately. When I got to King's Cross (£10 cab fare) the information people said &quot;what are you doing here, you should be at Liverpool Street Station&quot;. The Circle Line was closed, so I had to take the Northern Line back (£4) to Moorgate and then walk to Liverpool Street. I had been given correct information at the hotel, I would have saved that £14 and a wasted hour of travelling around in a circle to get my train home. (If there is a public access internet terminal in the hotel I didn't see it, nor was I directed to it........)Having said that, I would stay there again and would recommend it for a night or two if you want a clean, adequate, comfortable room with reasonable location. Old Street tube station is a couple of minutes' walk away, and behind the hotel, Hoxton Square is full of dining choices.	
Sep 3 2007 	The most rude staff I have ever known	As expected when it came to the hotel itself, simple and cheap and in a good location. However they completely messed up our whole reservation, at one point had said they had cancelled it &amp; then had to re-book the rooms?? The main problem with this hotel were the rude, unhelpful &amp; very unprofessional staff. Amongst other things, when asking about taxis (to get back to the station to go home) they told us to wait outside at the back of the hotel &amp; one would come. After 15 minutes of waiting, we decided to ask them if they could book one for us, and were then told that you need to phone one from the phone in reception to get one! So having watched us wait outside for 15 minutes they just left us. So incredibly rude. When the taxi came, it was from the front entrance. We ended up very nearly missing our train because of it. When confronted they thought it was rather funny, much to our annoyance and continued to be extremely rude &amp; obnoxious. We paid £150 for the privelidge of being treated like that which I personally think is absolutely disgusting. In a city such as London, there are so many options for places to stay - never waste your money or time here, I don't know how they get away with it!	
Jul 24 2007 	No more or less than you would expect from a Holiday Inn Express	We paid GBP180 for one night midweek.Good location for the City (brisk 20 min walk from Liverpool Street) and also very close to Hoxton Square - great bars, restaurants etc.Quick and simple check in.Small room, basic and uninspiring, but clean.Bathroom was a 'wet-room' with no shower tray, so we got water everywhere.Weather was cool when we stayed so we didn't suffer any problems with the heat like other people have reported.It was as we expected - we paid a premium for the location.	
Jun 22 2007 	Stayed here 4 nights a week for several months	You get what you pay for. A very basic room with very basic services. Because of the price this place fills up quite often so you need to book ahead. Ask for a room that's high up and doesn't face the road. And in summer be warned that the cooling system is nothing more than a table fan in your room. I would recommend NOT staying here in summer.If you're doing business in the City its just a 20 minute walk to Bank or Liverpool St so is quite convienent.I like the surrounding area. Lots of great Vietnamese restaurants around (the one just a few doors to the left of the hotel is excellent). The pub across the road is very good, too.	
May 27 2007 	shower needs more power	got a good rate on advance purchase , so value for money,but would not stay here again. Room clean and comfortable, but hot. Couldn't have window open as would have been too noisy, but table fan provided kept it comfortable, as it ran v. quietly so could leave on all night.Main problem was with shower. Initially had hardly any water flow, after struggling to have shower ,and then complaining, maintenance did improve it, but was still very poor. So much so that we negotiated a discount on checking out. Also, we were not made aware at time of booking that there would be building work taking place. On check in were told that work would not start until 10. a.m. but ate breakfast at 8. 15 to the sound of hammering.However, staff were all very pleasant and helpful.	
May 24 2007 	Adequate hotel in ok location: 3 gals take on London in 3 days.	The room was small but not unworkable for 3: 2 on the bed (mattress could have been better) and one on the pullout couch (sleep with head at foot of pull-out for a more even sleep surface). Washroom was just fine (WC+shower+sink), though the water pressure was lamentable, and the soap located in the shower stall reeked of uncle's aftershave. Clean and quiet (off Old St.) with decent included breakfast consisting of toast, breads, cereals, yogurts, fruits, coffee, tea. Not a terrible location for tourists since there's a tube stop a block away. One transfer and less than half an hour got us to most everywhere we wanted to be. The area felt relatively safe for 3 women even at night, as the streets were fairly well populated until quite late. Refurbishment is going on on the first floor between business hours - we heard nothing in evening or early morning hours while we were in the room.I'd stay there again, but wouldn't pay too much more. In short: it'll do if one wants a place to sleep and keep one's baggage.	
May 24 2007 	Middle of the Road	Stayed here 4 nights for business in May - it is close to my clients' office. Check in was quick.The room itself is fine for this price point (139 Sterling a night). I was in room 202 which overlooks the main street. If you are a light sleeper the traffic noise might bother you so then request an odd # room on the back side of the hotel.The hotel is undergoing refurbishment but no noise at night. They have a temporary bar / restaurant set up. Rennovations should be complete by the end of June.I had 2 problems with the room. The tv - all but one channel came through in black and white. The other came through like an old colorized movie - primarily red, green and grey.The other problem was the main lighting in the room - the overhead flourescent light needed to be replaced and was blinking on and off like a strobe light. It took them 3 - count them 3 days - to fix it. I don't think the first two people at the main desk called it through to maintenance even though they wrote it down. I stood there and waited while the 3rd person called it in and then maintenance person came up and fixed it right away.The rest of the room was in good condition and clean. It looks like it has been recently refurbished.Bathroom: shower only - only soap and shampoo in room but you can call down for extra toiletries if you forgot something.No In Room Safe. No Mini Bar. Electric Kettle for tea / coffee.Heater in room but no air conditioning - electric table fan instead.Internet: High Speed Internet costs 13 Sterling a day or 45 Sterling per week or can purchase by the hour. Wireless Internet available in lobby area.It is near Hoxton Square - a young, funky area - lots of artsy, college student types. Lots of small art galleries, restaurants, pub / bars in the area. Take a left out the front door and take the next left and you are at the square. Mexican, Tapas, Morrocan, seafood, burgers ... all within a couple of blocks.Go out the back door of the hotel and there is a small courtyard. The Juggler has great coffee and bakery items and a few outdoor seats to enjoy the morning sun.About a 25 min walk to St Pauls Cathedral area. Out the front to the right and a couple blocks to the Old Street underground station. 15 min walk to Moorgate underground station.Taxi (black cab) to the airport is about 50 to 60 Sterling. You may be able to save some cash by reserving a Radio Cab ahead of time which is about 33 Sterling instead. +44-20-8838-3333If you call one or two days ahead of time they will let you pay with a credit card (usually Visa or Mastercard is accepted). You can call to have them pick you up at the airport too. Works out about the same as Airport Express train to Paddington Stn and then taxi from there so you might as well take the Radio Cab all the way.	
May 16 2007 	OK for the price	Typical chain hotel. Room reasonable but few frills. double glazing adequate to drown traffic news but this could be a problem if you wanted to leave the window open. Shower only warm at peak times. Breakfast uninspiring but adequate (coffee from machine insipid). Staff pretty good but inadequate check in/out stations leads to queues.	
May 6 2007	You get what You pay for	Having been warned by earlier guests at the hotel, we requested a room away from the main road(Old Street), that was done as we booked the room on the hotels website. The staff, however, claimed not to have seen this request and since there were no vacancies we had to take a room facing Old Street. And that proved not to be a problem at all! All though we come from a very smal town in Denmark we didn't have any trouble sleeping despite the noise.The room was pretty small due to the sofabed( we were two adults and a 13yo). The bathroom was okay, with little water pressure, though.We paid 225£ for three nights including breakfast for alle three of us and that is actualy cheap in London.The main problem with this hotel is that it is not staffed and logistically organized to be fully booked. We realised that when we on sunday morning stepped down for breakfast. The queue was so long it took us 19 (!) minutes to get our breakfast. On monday and tuesday morning this wasn't the case, but one time is one too many.The staff was Ok friendly at let us store our suitcases till the afternoon on the day of departure.	
May 3 2007 	Reasonable HI Express	Stayed for 2 1/2 weeks in March 2007 with work. One of the better holiday inn express's, with staff who mostly knew what they were doing, rooms that were clean, and if you ask for a room at the back of the hotel were quiet. If you're at the front it will be noisy due to the fire station and main road outside. The hotel contains a reasonable bar, that even served a limited range of meals on week day evenings, although there are plenty of great eating options close by - the thai resturant on the main road towards hoxton sq does takeaway, and furnace the pizza resturant just off the square is wonderful. If I had to say a negative, it would be that breakfast can get cramped, with long queues if the hotel is full, but other than that it's pretty good.	
Apr 9 2007 	Okay better than I expected	The Hotel is situated a 2 minute walk from Old Street tube on the city branch of the Northern Line (so handy if going to the City or need to be near Liverpool Street). However be warned this hotel is slap bang in one of the most trendy areas of London now (Hoxton or should I say Shoreditch as most Londonners know it by) and the whole area is stuffed full of bars which stay open late full of the most obnoxious people possible.That being said, was checked in efficiently at 11.30pm at night and given a room facing Old Street on the 4th floor. Noise from the street was barely audiable once the window was closed in the room, although the bedroom window had to stay open for a while as even though I had requested a non-smoking room, and was given one, the room reeked of stale cigarrettes.Hair Dryer in room, TV with good selection of terrestrial and satellite TV, seperate sofa and desk big enough to work on. En-suite shower but no bath and a plus was the Dove and Lux squeezy bodywash fixed to the wall which meant you could use as much as you wanted.Decor is a bit tired. It's not offensive but I guess okay for the standard of hotel. Be Advised this is not a Holiday Inn but the budget version of the chain which rivals Ibis, Travelodge, Premier Travel Inn.... and to be fair the Express chain based on this stay rates better than some Holiday Inn's!!In comparison to the other budget chains yes this is a lot better and continental breakfast is included in all rates, although I woke up too late to take advantage.Oh and asked for late check out on the desk when i got my room key and they obliged no problem. Thats good customer service!check out was efficent and with no problemRack rates are usually around £149.00 per night. If you are paying this you will not be impressed, however pay around £69-79 a night and this seems fair, although like most UK hotels what you get for £70 compared to other capital cities around world results in you feeling rather ripped off.	
Mar 3 2007 	Would never recommend	Fairly expensive for a no-frills, corporate hotel that lacks charm and any real reason to stay here. The front desk staff was friendly enough but often seemed overworked and overwhelmed. I booked a non smoking room but when I opened the door to my room was overwhelmed with lingering cigarette smoke. When I tried to get it changed to a no smoking room the desk said they didn't have any left. The included continental breakfast was a nightmare. The line snaked through the whole hotel lobby and moved slower than molasses b/c of a terrible design that had people crossing over, under and on top of eachother to try to get a cup of coffee. The hotel says it's redesigning the lobby. But why not stay at a hotel that will be memorable and unique? Keep looking.	
Mar 1 2007 	When you have no other choice	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 2 nights on business and it was because everything in the area was booked or over $400 a night. The reviews here on T.A. had not been great and my experience wasn't a radical departure. I had confirmed a non-smoking, double bed room and upon check-in I was told only a non-smoking room with single beds were available. I was on a lower floor that was incredibly noisy; the bathroom sink and shower were clogged up; the room was dark and dingy, the mattresses were spongy, etc. My colleagues all had a collection of qualms with their rooms and I've stayed in hostels nicer than this place. I can't believe this is actually a business hotel and the amenities fall very, very short.	
Feb 15 2007 	Not the Ritz but good!	Got a good rate for this hotel... Rooms were ok.. and all was ok. The Northern line of the station was closed and did cause some trouble but the rest was fine. The hotel is comfortable, though the rooms are not very large.	
Feb 4 2007 	When you only need a place to sleep	The best thing in the hotel is the bed. Sleeps good. Small but efficient bathroom. Waterpressure could be better. WiFi only in lobby. In the room wired internet. Cable was provided. 5 GBP/24 hr internet acces. Breakfast is complimentary and continental. Nothing special. Croissant / Toast. jellyjam/packed cheese slice/yoghurt/fresh fruit Coffee/thea cereals/milk fruitjuice from a machine (powder with water) Staff was uninterested. One vendingmachine in the lobby for drinks and snacks. But frontoffice could not change banknote for coins so i could not use the machine.Taxi to Liverpool street station GBP 5. Taxi to Covent Garden about GBP10. Overall just a place to sleep!PS Dont forget your electrical adaptor if you live outside the UK.	
Feb 2 2007 	Nice Location	First time I have stayed in this hotel but will definately return. Lots of bars &amp; restaurants nearby. 5 minute walk from Old Street tube so quite handy for central London. Staff all very friendly, especially Gordon on reception.	
Jan 21 2007 	Standard Holiday Inn Express	This hotel is a nice, clean, standard HI Express. The staff are very friendly and efficient, the hotel is very clean and it is only 10 mins walk from Bishopsgate and therefore a great value hotel for when you need to visit firms in the City. It's probably not a great location for tourists though. The other bad point is the street noise. Whilst the bed was very comfortable, the noise of sirens on police cars driving past during the night woke me a couple of times. But then again, you are in a big city!	
Oct 26 2006 	Only if you want to be in the Shoreditch area	The hotel is situated in the trendy Shoreditch area where frankly there isn't much choice. This is definitely not the place to be if you want to visit London but OK if you want to be in the Shoreditch area and can't get into the Saint-George which always seems to be full over the weekends. The hotel is standard Holiday Inn express. It's not particularly cheap at about £100 a night. Breakfast is just about satisfactory. Staff OK, but less than wonderful.The room was small but clean. No bath, just a shower.The 55 bus stops in front of the door. Old Street tube station (which has to be the grimiest station in London, ) is a 5 minute walk,. Loads of clubs such as Cargo, Tea etc, are just a short walk away.	
Aug 5 2006 	not good during summer	I agree with the previous review. We were there 2 nights during the heat wave... of course that is unusual for London but the fact that we were on the top floor, the windows wouldn't open and it was 32 Celsius did not help. They had provided a little fan for the room which did help somewhat. The ice machine wasn't working. I had asked for a room facing away from the street which was a good thing, since the road is fairly noisy, but the hottest night some people decided to party in the square behind the hotel until 2-3 am. On the plus side the breakfast was very good, and it was only a very short walk to the tube. If you were going in the fall/winter/spring or a normal summer in london, not a bad place. We got it for only 66 pounds... but that was with no cancellation or changes. I know we tried when it was so hot.	
Jul 26 2006 	not good	Spent one night in July at the hotel and I am happy that it was only one night. - The hotel has no AC and I knew that, but what I didn't know is that the window is tilt and opens at a very small degree which made us feel like living in a cage. In july that was horrible- The sofa bed is old and very uncomfortable. When unfolded, you will have three pieces connected but each is at different height from the ground.- There is only 1 small ice machine for the whole hotel at the lobby, and you will be lucky if you got one piece of ice when everyone else needs one. Of course you can buy your own cold water from a store, but why 1 small machine for a 5 storey building?- Checking in was so slow. They had a note at the reception saying &quot;staff under training&quot; well, fair enough but why do we have to suffer when only one person at the desk working and he is in training?For the price of 89 pounds a night, it doesnt worth it, and would surely look somewhere else first.	
Jun 28 2006	Pretty good for the price	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in late April and paid 59.50 GBP per night. Since the weather was cool, air conditioning was not a problem for me. My room had a double room with a sofa bed and was very typical of a Holiday Inn Express room. The sofa bed was somewhat uncomfortable. The room looked warn in certain places but was still generally new looking. The size of the room was okay - enough room to move around in but not very spacious. My room faced the rear of the hotel so it was very quiet at night. Based on what I heard walking along Old Street, I imagine the rooms facing the streets can be somewhat noisy.The breakfast was typical of Holiday Inn Expresses. Plenty of juice, breads, cereals, yogurts, and fresh fruits refilled often.I would like to echo what another reviewer said: the water at the hotel felt very strange. After washing my hands or taking a shower, my skin felt greasy. I think it was just a matter of hard water.The hotel is located in a somewhat old and dingy neighborhood but it felt perfectly safe whenever I went out. It was a very convenient 3 minute walk to the Old Street tube station on the Northern line. If you're trying to reach the hotel from the tube station, make sure to take Exit 2 (north side of Old Street East) and then keep walking straight until you see the hotel. Taking the right exit is important as the station has numerous exits and crossing the intersections in that area is not very convenient.	
Jun 21 2006 	Hot noisy small and over-priced!	No air conditioning, windows that open three inches, noisy at night, airless hallways, not enough plugs in the room to handle a fan, a laptop, a TV and a phone charger. Yes early June 2006 was hot in London, but that's no excuse. The St Gregory around the corner at the same price (give or take breakfast) is VASTLY better.	
Jun 20 2006	just no airconditioner	overall this hotel is okay.firstly, it's my fault that i didn't check all detail.There is no air-conditioner this make us feel very hot in summerbut a little fan help us feel better** the water is very strange, we feel not clean after washing many timesalso there is no refrigerator.the staff is nicethe rate is quite best i paid just 59.5 for one night including breakfast.all in all, i give 3 out of 5 and understand this is &quot;express&quot; by holiday innnext time i'll stay in holiday-inn in regent's park branch ** very recommend because it's better and nearer tube station. (i used to stay in the rate of 57 pounds/night but this time closed to 100 so i change my mind to try at old street branch)	
Jun 12 2006	On a very noisy road and not the best location!	We spent one night here to attend a function neaby, however it was a sleepless night! We did not know that you need to ask for a room at the back of the hotel to avoid the noise of traffic, regular ambulance sirens, and plenty of shouting and noise from people on the street - we did not get back to our room until 1.30am but the noise of people on the street outside, as well as the aforementioned traffic and sirens, kept us awake the entire night.The location of the hotel is difficult for parking - we were directed to a car-park 10 minutes walk away. It is also not a very nice area generally - I was appalled at the the amount of litter on the street nearby. Not the best location for our overseas guests.On the plus side, the staff are very pleasant and the rooms and public areas are clean and bed comfortable. It was a hot weekend and a fan was provided in our room.	
May 4 2006	great place to stay	great place!easy walk to tube.great breakfast,very clean,but in a rundown area.lots of noise.	
Apr 30 2006	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express City Hotel for one night in May 2005. The hotel was great! It was our third stay in London and the hotel was definitly the best one we've ever stayed at in London! Our room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The bathroom was very clean as well and the staff were very friendly and helpful even though we had to check out at 5 am. The hotel is located only a couple of minutes away from the tube station &quot;Old Street&quot;. Unfortunately we had to leave very early in the morning so we didn't have the chance to have breakfast. We are planning to stay at the hotel again this year and we highly recommand it to everyone!	
Apr 17 2006	Beautiful Modern Hotel	Stayed at this hotel in late march. Was less than a five minute walk from old st tube station.We had room 511 and it was medium in size with a sofa and queen bed at the back of the hotel away from old st. Certainly big enough for our needs.Bathroom was good with great shower pressure and stocked up with your normal shampoos's etc.Breakfast was great, unlike a previous review, I found the choice to be plentiful for any explorer to fuel up for the day. They had a choice of cereals, breads, croissants, a few types of jams, fruit, yoghurt, tea, coffee, and juices, hot chocolate, etcCheck-in was really quick and easy and staff were always very friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand.If ever back in London, I would definately stay there again...no doubt about it!	
Mar 6 2006	Good value stay	This is a good value location within a few hundred yards of the Tube and close to central London.The rooms are clean &amp; bright with all the amenities normally associated with the Holiday Inn Express chain. The staff were very pleasant at this hotel, particularly the room cleaning team.If I had one moan, it would be the breakfast service. It took quite a while to replace items which had run out and the choice wasn't wonderful compared to other Holiday Inn Express hotels we've stayed at.If you stay at this hotel ask for a room at the back. Ours was at the back &amp; was wonderfully quiet. Several guests complained about the traffic noise in the rooms at the front.Overall, good value and we would stay there again.	
Dec 29 2005	Not the best not the worst	Stayed there for the weekend with my parents in London. Room was mostly clean - carpets not clean, sofabed has not been cleaned for a long time. Booked on Travelocity for 4, but their computer system recorded 2, and the hotel tried to charge us extra for 2 additional persons. I told that that it's a problem between them and their agent (ie: Travelocity) and should therefore sort it out with their agent.	
Dec 2 2005	Great hotel!	We stayed at this hotel on a weekend city break. The hotel was very easy to find from Old Street tube station and is in fact even labelled on the 'map of the area' in the tube station. Taking the advice of the people on this forum, I requested a room on the quiet side of the hotel, and this request was granted. The room was comfortable, clean and had everything I would expect from a Holiday Inn. Breakfast was large and varied. We asked for a late check-out - till 1pm - and this was given free of charge. Staff were very helpful. I booked the room over 2 weeks in advance and got an excellent rate - so this was also great value for money for such a central location. We were out late both nights, and were pleased to find that night buses go to Old Street till 4.30am! (Take the N243 from Aldwych; outside the Waldorf Hotel). Hence, saved a fortune on taxis in an expensive city...Staying at a nice, reliable hotel certainly made the trip all the more relaxing and fun. I would stay here again without a doubt, on my next weekend trip to London.	
Jul 10 2005	Great hotel	The hotel is near to the tube-sation &quot;Old Street&quot;Fine is also, that the bus-stop is infront of the hotel!Breakfast is great!Try to get a room nor facing the street!	
May 12 2005	Great for a family	We stayed here in January, great place for a family. The hotel staff was friendly, the room was clean, and the breakfast very good.Only concerns were the noise from the street--we asked for a non-street side room as we had seen this was a problem for other reviewers--but we did not get into one. I figured in the winter it would be fine--WRONG--still too loud for us.Do NOT use the lobby phone to call a cab-- a total rip off--we were over charged and were driven by a foul smelling driver. SInce we had to be on the EuroStar at 6am, we were stuck by the time we learned this.	
Mar 24 2005	Brilliant	I stayed here in January 2005, double room was excellent, clean and enough room. It was on the front, but you can not hear the busy road outside. Breakfast was good, eat as much as you like continental style, serve yourself. The tube is 5 minutes walk away. A reasonable area to walk through at night. Bar prices are a bit steep, so take your own bottle for a night cap!	
Feb 11 2005	Clean and Functional	This is exactly what I expected from a Holiday Inn Express. Clean, functional, and reliable. Not wanting to pay several hundred dollars for a room, we decided to stay with the more reasonably priced Holiday Inn Express chain. Keep in mind, if you are looking for a romantic getaway, or intend for your room to be one of the highlights of your trip, you'll have to look elsewhere and spend a lot more. But if you want a clean room, reasonably sized, with a comfortable bed, basic amenities, and decent bathroom, this is one of the best deals in town.   The location leaves a little to be desired, as it is in a lower income neighborhood, but we never felt unsafe walking at night. You're also a bit far from the main sights in the central city, but the tube is only a five minute walk, and once on its another ten minutes into the main part of London. I'd also recommend requesting a room facing the parking area in back, which is much quieter than facing the main road in the front.  Finally, the most impressive aspect of this particular hotel is the breakfast buffet. Especially in London, to get anything more than a corn flake you have to pay an exorbitant amount, and even then the quality of the food is hit or miss. This Holiday Inn Express's breakfast buffet was by far the best I've ever seen in a Holiday Inn (and most other hotels, for that matter). There's a multitude of choices, the quality of what they offer is first-rate, and the dining area is a pleasant surprise as well.  Bottom line, if you want a 4 or 5-star hotel, you'll have to pay for it, but for the price, this Holiday Inn Express is one of the best values in London. 	
Feb 3 2005	Our First week in London		
Jan 27 2005	Great value		
Dec 27 2004	Very clean and simple.		
Sep 5 2004 	HORRIBLE		
Aug 25 2004	Loved it!		
Aug 13 2004	Seven days in London		
Jul 8 2004	Good value good location		
Mar 14 2004	Great for first-time travellers		
Mar 5 2004	how handy!		
Jan 20 2004	great location great place		
Nov 1 2009 	Buen hotel bien situado buena relación calidad-precio		
Oct 19 2009	Ausgezeichnet		
Oct 1 2009	Buena ubicacion buena atencion habitaciones un poco anticuadas		
Mar 23 2009 	Tollerabile		
Dec 30 2008 	Un buon hotel...perfetto per il divertimento!		
Dec 29 2008 	Nice		
Oct 3 2008 	piacevole hotel		
Sep 21 2008 	?????		
Jul 21 2008 	Non male		
Jan 29 2008 	Ni fu ni fa pero pasable		
