	Good all round was pleasantly surprised!	We enjoyed our stay here. The staff were very pleasant and friendly. The room was clean and better equipped than we were expecting, although it would have been hot in summer as the ventilation system does not really work. It is true that the window did not close properly, resulting in strange wind moanings! The Cafe Rouge was really good, excellent choice of food, good service and prices not too high. It had a really good atmosphere. Breakfast is not very good value however, and no refills for drinks were offered. The situation is excellent, and we recommend the Thames Clipper service into central London.	
Nov 6 2009 	If you have very low standards of hygiene then stay here - otheriwse stay in the Holiday Inn Express!	An absolutely horrible example of a hotel, our room had a stong stench of urine, the bathroom was disgusting and smelled really bad. We complained and the french speaking receptionist was useless and said she had no other rooms, then the night manager , another non-english speaker got us a room only this time it had a window that wouldn't close properly, the bedside lamps didn't work, the curtains fell off the rails....etc etc, a disasater and not good value at all. If you enjoy living in filth, and smelling urine in your room and being kept awake by cold drafts and sirens then stay here. I had to leave and go to the Holiday Inn Express a bit dearer but million times better in all aspects.Re-cap, Ibis in Greenwich (and Liverpool) are filthy, the staff don't care and the clientelle who say it is good ar elying or else they have very very low standards of hygiene themsleves.Note i HAVE NO CONNECTION TO THE hOLIDAY INN EXPRES BUT FOR AN EXTRA 10 POUNDS YOU GET BREAKFAST AND A BEAUTIFUL ROOM AND PROPER SERVICE.	
Sep 24 2009 	Ideal for Maritime Museum Visit	A 5-10 min walk from Docklands Rail Station and a 5-10 min walk from Maritime Museum made this location very suitable for us. Given a ground floor room only a few yards from Reception area was a sound call for an older couple. Reception always answered our questions with care, even to stepping out of the building to underline directions. The restaurant was very busy when we had our evening meal but I have rarely seen more organised, willing staff and the meal was enjoyable too. In contrast, however, both the breakfast staff and the food was disappointing. We were only booked for 1 night but I would have skipped breakfast had we stayed longer. Altogether would happily visit again.	
Jul 28 2009 	GREAT HOTEL NOTHING TO MUCH TROUBLE	Great Hotel i would recomend it, Its in the perfect location	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at the Ibis for 2 nights as seeing Madonna at the O2. The location is great, in the centre of Greenwich and close to the station. It is easy to get to the O2 - either by river or the 188 bus from Greenwich centre. Takes a matter of minutes. Hotel is ok - typical Ibis and is attached to a Cafe Rouge where you can get breakfast. Staff in the Cafe are very nice and most of the hotel staff too except for one receptionist who was quite rude.Rooms quite small and basic (and quite warm as it was a hot weekend and air con didnt seem very good).I would recommend this hotel due to its location.	
Jun 13 2009 	great location	after reading some of he reviews i was worried about what i was letting myself n for. but i have to say i was really pleased.we were here fr a concert in the o2 so the location was perfectthe rooms were cleanplenty of nice places to eat nearby and couple of good barscheck out the cocktails at desperados great drinks and really nice staff	
Jun 11 2009 	Pleasant room good location.	Pleasant room, clean and a little larger than most Ibis rooms. The bathroom was functional and well lit. We were charged for the car park but there was no room in it to park the car until 8pm by which time we had already had to find another car park, they did refund this though. The hotel is well located and It’s conveniently attached to a wonderful Café Rouge so we had breakfast there instead of the hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Booked for Easy Access to Start of London Marathon But Pleasantly Surprised!	I have just read a few reviews of people who stayed around the same time as myself and my partner - we were there for 2 nights as the other half was running in the London Marathon. We arrived and were checked in efficiently. On viewing the room it is what you expect from an Ibis hotel, rather like a travel inn. There is a large bed (which is pretty firm), flat screen TV, remote, small clothes hanging space, tea and coffee making facilities, desk, chair and Wifi access and keyboard if you needed it. The bathroom is sufficient with a shower over the bath and soaps provided (no fancy toiletries I'm afraid). There were only two pillows in the room, but as soon as I asked at reception extra ones were provided and so was a hairdryer - I was a bit surprised there wasn't a built in one in the bathroom, but it was fine by me to &quot;borrow&quot; one from reception. The staff working on reception were fine and efficient and pretty helpful. If you wanted an alcoholic drink or to hang out with visitors you would go next door to Cafe Rouge, where its pretty laid back, there is a covered, heated area outside on the balconies to eat and drink and the staff there were really friendly and attentive. The food there is also nice, and the continental breakfast (for which you need to collect a voucher from reception) is only £4.75, and includes a large fresh orange, coffee, pan au chocolat, Bon Maman preserves and french bread. There are also ironing facilities if you need them. The hotel is really central for Greenwich nightlife, and only a 10 minute walk from the DLR. We would also recommend the Rivington Bar and Grill which is just around the corner from the hotel if you like fresh seafood and oysters. I can't complain at all about the hotel and if I stayed in Greenwich again I would stay there again. People may have been a bit upset about the increased prices the night before the marathon (approximately £40 per room extra), but this happens at the majority of hotels around London on what they call an &quot;event weekend&quot;. PS Another good point, I thought, was that the bedroom doors all closed really quietly, which is a bonus in the mornings if you want a bit of a lie in.	
Apr 12 2009 	Avoid	Dreadful hotel with miserable staff and very poor quality accommodation	
Mar 30 2009 	3* Hotel with a 5* star price tag	Not even 1* the only good thing about this hotel is the location nightly stay very expensive dearer than quoted £113 for a night, staff very rude with very bad attitudes, bar in reception was appalling no tea, no wine, no gin, no beer, no ice and lemon for drinks if you were lucky enough to get one the person looking after the bar/coffee had no idea or motavation, no comfortable lounge for guest to sit in just the reception area which was cold, no towels or pillows in very small room had to ask for them, don't bring your cat as there is no room to swing it, and car parking was so painful I don't know where to start, so if you are planning on staying at this hotel don't forget to pack your sense of humor because you will need it.	
Mar 20 2009 	Good value for money	My wife and I have stayed here several times, and our only complaint is the silly and rather annoying extra charge for refills of coffee at breakfast (the breakfast in other Ibis hotels is much more generous, being self-service). But the Café Rouge is attractive and evening meals are good. The staff is pleasant, the location is excellent, and the parking (just) big enough- Greenwich is a very good base.	
Jan 26 2009 	Good Location	This hotel has a very good location, close to both the DLR and Greenwich stations. It is also on a good bus route to the O2 and near to shops, restaurants, Greenwich Market and the tourist sights of Greenwich. The hotel's public areas are a little shabby and if you want a late-night drink, it is served in reception as there is no separate bar. Our room was small, but clean and adequate for a few nights' stay. The adjacent Café Rouge provides a good choice of nice evening meals. The main problem is with breakfast. A voucher is obtained at reception and you have to decide at that point whether you would like the continental or full English breakfast. You then present the voucher in the Café Rouge where the breakfast service is not very attentive. The continental breakfast is quite reasonable in terms of quantity,except that it only includes one cup of coffee. When we asked for a refill, we were told that we would have to pay another £1.61 per cup. I think that this is both expensive and unreasonable. I can't think of any other hotel where I've been asked to pay extra for a second cup of coffee at breakfast and this spoilt our overall impression of the establishment.	
Oct 22 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Having read some negative reviews I was a little apprehensive about staying here, but at £80 per night it's around £40 cheaper than other hotels in SE London. In point of fact I found the staff on reception both helpful and courteous. The room was as basic as you'd expect from an Ibis, but clean and in good condition.The late night bar had a pretty limited choice (G&amp;T without lemon just isn't the same), but there were a number of pubs nearby with good atmosphere. Plenty of restaurants within walking distance - definitely choose one of them for breakfast rather than the overpriced CafeRouge. All in all, OK for the price.	
Jul 18 2008 	A nice base in London	I stayed at this Ibis hotel for 2 nights over a weekend .I have previously used Ibis hotels in the UK and Europe and have always found them clean and efficient .This hotel was no exception .Check in was a breeze and the room was clean and to a good standard .The hotel is linked to a Cafe Rouge which was very nice and very fairly priced for London .Greenwich station is a couple of minutes walk and London Tower Bridge is just 2 stops .I would have no problem recommending this clean modern hotel to anyone who wants a short break in the capitol at a reasonable price.I will certainly use again	
Jan 23 2008	Don't bother!	Don't be fooled by the nice appearance of this hotel! To be fair the good points are that it is greatly located and is in easy reach of the DLR, the o2 and the decor isn't too bad.However, when you actually enter the hotel everything goes bad. the receptions on the front desk are unhelpful and don't explain anything. When you get to the room it is very basic and the bed is like concrete. There isn't a hairdryer either. If you want privacy then go elsewhere, as the cleaner barged in the door as I was dressing. My boyfriend and i thought we'd use the room service to have some dinner, but room service doesnt exist there. You are told to wait (somewhere, have no idea where) and the food &quot;won't be long&quot;. We were left for 30 minutes having no clue where we were supposed to collect the food from and during that time the bar was unattended. It would seem that there are no chefs and that the barman made our food himself! If you're hungry in the morning and like to start the day with a nice breakfast, then go elsewhere as this breakfast is very minimalistic. Value for money is very poor. For £5.65 you get a buffet consisting of bread, eggs and a few slices of meat. No fryup?! The staff weren't consciencious; we weren't asked whether our meal was ok and there was no clear indication of where we were supposed to go and what was available. We weren't even told where the breakfast room was.The hotel is two star for a reason. If you want a roof over your head, go here, if you want luxury then go elsewhere!	
Jan 4 2008 	Very Poor Hotel and not cheap!	Sign outside says weekend prices £70 or £80. I booked in advance and was charged £105. When I queried it I was to to think myself lucky, they were then charging £130 as there was an event on in the area!.Fire alarm went off at 1:20am - no staff around to advise guests at all,Lift crashed to the bottom of the shaft.Woldn't go there again!	
Dec 28 2007	Really Bad Hotel	Very poor service, hotel VERY basic and overpriced. My reccomendation is 'Do Not Stay Here.'	
Sep 1 2007 	Impressed	I was worried about staying here after reading some of the negative reviews. However, I couldn't have been more wrong. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel considering how cheap it was at £55 p/n. Last MInute.com classed this as a 2* hotel. I was expecting a dump, but as long as it was clean I'd be happy as I was just staying for one night.The room itself was a decent size. It appeared to be newly refurbished. The bathroom was very modern and though very small it was bright and airy.Our room overlooked the Thames and we could see the O2 Arena clearly. The room was spotless and we were impressed at the choice of tv channels and tea and coffee making facilities for a 2*.The only disappointment for me was that there was no hairdryer in room and when I called down to ask for one was told that they are not supplied. Had this been supplied I'd have rated this as 5 rather than 4.One other thing. The hotel is directly under the flight path into Heathrow. Planes come down very low and very noisily over the hotel. That said you don't go to London to stay in your hotel room, so this wasn't so much of a problem rather than a slight distraction.Overall I would definitely come back here. Especially if going to a concert in the O2.	
Aug 8 2007 	Wouldn't recommend it to a friend...	I could start by totally slating this hotel but I think I should point out the positives first...The location is fantastic - a 2 min walk from the park in Greenwich, the DLR, the Cutty Sark (although it is being refurbished at the moment and is totally covered up), the pier for boat trips to the city, Greenwich market, etc.The hotel is quite cheap in comparison to other hotels in the area.That's about it on the positives - now the negatives...We had made our reservation using the hotel's website. When we arrived at the hotel they couldn't find our reservation, even though I had a print-out of the confirmation email. The two receptionists began speaking to each other in French, answering the phone, dealing with other customers - basically doing everything they could to ignore us.To cut a long story short, an hour later we were given the disabled room which was horrible but no worse than any other room in the hotel.For a two-star hotel in London the hotel isn't too bad but it is let down badly by its staff. Some of our friends were also staying in the hotel and there was no shower curtain in their bathroom. When they asked the receptionist if they could get one she replied, &quot;I don't work here&quot;. She was obviously answering the phone and checking people in out of the goodness of her heart!We didn't eat breakfast in the Cafe Rouge adjoining the hotel. We went to the Organic Cafe down the road where we had lovely breakfasts every morning.	
Aug 2 2007 	Fine no-thrills hotel	Lets face it, all Ibis' are pretty much the same throughout the world, and this is no exception. Rooms are small, basic, but clean and tidy with good use of space. The location of this hotel is great for exploring Greenwich and the Cutty Sark area, and it's proximity to Greenwich train station means it serves as a useful base for going further afield in the City. There are plenty of places to eat nearby, and the hotel is connected to a Cafe Rouge. Breakfast in Cafe Rouge wa s nice but grossly overpriced. The foreign receptionists at the hotel were clearly a little overworked and stressed, but they were polite and did everything they could to help us. I would stay here again, although I wouldnt bother with the Cafe Rouge breakfasts.	
Jul 30 2007 	Ibis Greenwich London - Fine for the money.	I was really dreading my 2 night stay at the Greenwich Ibis after reading the reviews on this site. Luckily my fears were un-founded.Upon arrival, I was pleased to find a very clean &amp; uncluttered reception area. The receptionist was from abroad but spoke good enough English &amp; was polite enough. Ok, like the previous review says, the receptionist did answer the phone whilst at the same time dealing with my check in - but it wasn't a problem - I was checking into a 2star hotel not the Ritz afterall.When I got to my room, again I was pleased to find it very clean. Yes it was basic, the wardrobe was a bit on the small side, the TV reception wasn't great &amp; there weren't any biscuits - but again these were all things I could live with.Breakfast is not included in the price &amp; if you want to take breakfast you can buy a voucher from reception so that you can have breakfast in Cafe Rouge, next door. I did this for ease &amp; had a full English breakfast which was ok but I've had better value. There are plenty of cafes near to the hotel which serve breakfast &amp; probably offer better value.The hotel is in a good locaction in the centre of Greenwich. Handy for the Maritime Museuem, Greenwich Observatory &amp; the O2. The nearest underground stop to the hotel is the DLR Cutty Sark station.I wouldn't hesitate staying here again. In life you get what you pay for. I didn't pay much compared to other hotel prices but was happy with what I got for what I paid.How to get there - if you are travelling to the hotel by underground from central London, find your way to Canary Wharf underground Station on the Jubilee line. Then exit the station &amp; take the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) to Cutty Sark - you can use your underground travel pass on the DLR . When leaving Canary Wharf underground station follow signs for DLR, then signs for DLR Heron Quays. You will leave the station to the left &amp; when you get outside Heron Quays is accross the road to your right.. The Heron Quays sign is partially hidden by trees. You then want the train heading for Lewisham &amp; get off at Cutty Sark. The hotel is only a 3 mins walk away. Leave Cutty Sark station by turning right out of the station, then at whetherspoons turn left, then right at the junction &amp; head up towards Cafe Sol from where you should be able to see Cafe Rouge. The Ibis is attached to Cafe Rouge.Tip - if you are going to a concert at the O2, getting back can be a nightmare as almost everyone wants to get the tube from North Greenwich underground station at the same time, so the queues are horrendous. You can catch the number 188 or 129 bus from bust stop C just outside the O2. You can use your underground travel pass on the bus.	
Jan 14 2007 	Good location horrible hotel	We have stayed at Ibis hotels before and know they are basic but usually represent excellent value for money.We stayed at this hotel as were attending a party nearby and didn't know the area.First things first, the location of the hotel is very handy for Greenwich high street and the Cutty Sark, and that is it's only good point.When you get to the hotel there will be no parking available within the hotel compound - as we were advised by the receptionist that the staff park there. There is a Pay and Display car park directly behind the hotel but as with everything in London, it is not cheap. You can however move your car in to the hotel car park should a space become available, and at a cost of £3 a day (cheaper than the Pay and Display though!)On arrival into the hotel reception, it was very apparent that the receptionist's grasp of English wasn't exactly fluent and his manners were none existant. Whilst processing our arrival he proceeded to answer the phone without excusing himself. I can only begin to imagine how he gained the position of &quot;Team leader&quot;.The room as per other reviews is very basic, but functional. The TV had very poor reception and the toilet struggled to work. Thankfully we were staying for only one night.It is one of the cheapest hotels in the area (we paid £70 for the night - room only) but would recommend spending a little more for a lot more!	
Aug 25 2006 	VERY Basic	This hotel is one of the most basic I've ever stayed in - certainly in the UK anyway. The rooms are cramped and a little grubby and our toilet didn't flush properly for the entirety of our two day stay, despite a complaint to reception.Best thing about hotel is it's location. Really handy for Greenwich attractions - park, markets, cutty sark etc. It's also ajoined to Cafe Rouge in which we had a lovely meal on it's outside terrace, with brilliant waiting staff.Wouldn't really recommend this hotel except to those who don't mind a basic, budget hotel (think hostel!)	
Apr 9 2006 	terrible - one of the worst hotels I have been to	I stayed at the Ibis on business and was suppose to be there Monday to Friday. I was hugely dissapointed when I arived the first night. One of the reasons I booked this hotel is because I wanted to be close to the metro (DLR/Tube) and the reseptionist told me it was a &quot;2 minute walk&quot;. It ended up being more like 10 minutes which is very inconvinient for some people who might be lugging their suitcases and who might be wearing high heels to work. The rooms resemble someones cold and dark basement. As soon as I opened the room door there was a very foul odour that one might expect at a hostel and not a 3 star hotel. There was very poor decor that included one metal chair. The room was freezing all night eventhough the thermometre was on 30c. The bathroom was not great and the shower tub was backing up and there was hair on the curtain. Just when I thought things could not get worse, I found myself standing in the reception in the morning with we hair. The previous night the receptionist gave me an adaptar that turned out to be faulty and when I called they told me that they do not bring anything to peoples rooms and that I should go and pick up the hairdryer myself. The price they advertise is around 78 GBP and this is quality for that price is absolutely rediculous. After returning to my room that morning I quickly packed up my things and checked out. I ended up at the Novotel which is actually a real 2 minute walk from the metro stop and is a really nice and comfortable hotel for almost the same price. This is my first and last experience with Ibis because they do not care about the customer or their image.	
Oct 10 2009 	il a tout pour lui		
May 12 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
