Sep 24 2009 	tidy clean and cozy hotel in superb location	The Averard was tidy and comfortable. The price on the hotel room was very reasonable and included daily breakfast (60 pounds, booked through londonrooms.com). We enjoyed our visit there, particularly since the Averard was so centrally located: a stone's throw from Hyde Park, close to a well-stocked and hospitable convenience store and close to Tube stops - Paddington and Lancaster. It suited our budget-conscious needs perfectly. When we were there, there was some work being done on the building (scaffolding in pic)	
May 4 2009 	Good but could be so much better!	Booked this through Superbreaks at very short notice - two hundred pounds for two people for three nights. The hotel itself did not inspire confidence as my companion and I approached it, since half of it is currently covered in scaffolding - once you get into the lobby, though, it looks a lot better! Our room was on the ground floor, but there is a lift to other floors - useful for families with pushchairs or people who may be less mobile for any reason. Staff were all friendly, from the smiley South African lady who checked us in to the people working in the breakfast room - during our entire stay we saw none of the squabbling mentioned by other reviewers. Breakfast was great, with an excellent selection for a 'continental' that outdoes anything else I have come across - and waitress service, too! The location was unbeatable - step outside and you're looking at Hyde Park, the tube was five minutes away on foot, and there are some great restaurants within easy walking distance. (if you like Italian, check out La Rosa)Now on to the niggles! There are no tea and coffee facilities in the rooms - admittedly, the hotel's website does not mention having them, but even the most basic B &amp; B provides them these days. Sheets were superbly clean, not so the itchy blankets and slightly grubby bedcovers; duvets mean less work when changing beds, and are easier to launder too. The notice on the back of the door in our room referred to the bar being open between 6 and 11 p.m, which it wasn't; they also refer to the availability of a TV in the lounge, which there isn't - and I went in search of it when the snowy reception in our room was ruining &quot;Britain's Got Talent&quot; for my young travel companion!I would stay there again, despite these problems, because I use a hotel as a place to sleep when I'm in London and that's all; the room was cosy, the breakfast was fantastic and the staff went out of their way to be helpful...and if they made the Averard as good as it probably was once, they'd be able to charge twice as much and I wouldn't be able to afford to stay there any longer!	
Apr 19 2009 	Far better than I expected	We stayed 8 nights at the Averard. We needed to travel frugally, and the cost of the Averard was perfect for our budget. After reading all the reviews, we were apprehensive; however, the hotel provided far more than we expected from the reviews: The location is excellent! We found the staff for the most part very helpful and alwasys nice, the rooms were clean, and there was enough hot to very warm water for our needs. The hotel is past its prime; however, has great character. The breakfast was good- and we made it our goal to make the servers smile- we succeeded, and they ended up being very nice. I recommend this hotel for people who do not need to stay in a Marriott.	
Mar 19 2009 	Roomy but Bizarre	The rooms and facilities were much larger than those in other similarly-priced London hotels, although the water pressure was sorely lacking and there was an overall neglected look (chipped paint, ripped wallpaper, duct-taped carpeting on the stairs). They also somehow lost my reservation, although were able to come up with a room and then change me to another room the next day. The breakfast, while perfectly fine, was served by staff that were rather gloomy and brusque. The front desk was staffed by a revolving number of people, some of which were helpful but many others of whom seemed to be annoyed to have to deal with you instead of watching YouTube videos. For a few days, this is perfectly adequate. Just don't expect happy and attentive staff, as you are highly unlikely to get it.	
Jan 4 2009	Great location	Having read the other reviews I must say the location is a must but the hotel does need some TLC but otherwise my stay was ok and the breakfast was of good value even though not a full one it was enough! Bedding and towels clean and liked the old character feel to the room and reception etc.Best of all the location and the value of the hotel was very good, have stayed not so good for the price.	
Nov 7 2008 	It could have been better	I have stayed here twice, mainly because of the price (60/63£ for a double) and the location. The hotel would have been great if they took better care of it. I was first given a room with a bath which looked awful and the shower-head didn't work, so we were given another room. It was much better, large with a new shower room.People at the reception ok, but do not expect any help from the porter (they shouldn't mention this service since they do not offer it!!!)Blankets and bed covers should be changed, they don't look very clean.The worst thing is ALL the african waitresses, who are very rude and unhelpful. I really wonder why they have them in this post. The rudest people I've seen. And they gather in the kitchen around 6 in the morning and make so much noise laughing and shouting, that was heard in our room (1st floor).	
Aug 9 2008 	Mixed opinion	I booked through londonrooms.com. The hotel was run down and although clean bedding and bathroom it could have done with a general tidy up such as marks and tears in the wallpaper, carpet etc. We were in 2 ground floor rooms, one near reception was OK and our teenage kids were OK but we were in a room right at the back and hidden behind an old style broken lift down an unlit corridor, i felt like i was walking to a cupboard hidden from all the other guests. Unfortunately this room is also right next to the kitchen so you get woken early by the noisy kitchen staff. The staff are the main issue. On arrival I was told where the rooms were but not shown them and not really told any info about the hotel except breakfast times. The breakfast staff do not come across as friendly at all and on the 2nd day of my stay they were arguing very loudly in the kitchen with a full room of guests. On departure the receptionist did not even ask if everything had been alright. There is no parking as stated and you get a leaflet for a carpark saying could be as low as 20p an hour, I never saw it less than 90p an hour which adds up. The TV's in the room are not very good as only a portable aerial and no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms. Also the toilet in my room was like sitting in a broom cupboard with no ventilation to that or the separate bathroom. Manageable for 2 nights but would have been unhappy to stay longer.	
Jul 14 2008 	Good value faded 'gloire'.	We booked through London Rooms and had a good deal at £65 (I think, or even £60) for a double room. The hotel looks pretty discouraging from the outside, especially from the back,but as it is presently covered in scaffolding, I suppose that they are going to paint it, which it urgently needs. Once inside, the reception area rooms are very spacious, though all with an atmosphere of faded gloire from better days.Our double room was comfortable and had a spacious and very light bathroom, much better than the artificially lit cupboard-like shower rooms of several other budget hotels.The hotel is in a good area with several restaurants and a good pub and a pretty London mews behind it.The reception staff were friendly, but I agree with other reviewers that the breakfast staff need to be trained how to behave appropriately in front of guests. When we were there, the chef was having a loud slanging match with one of the waitresses who was shouting back about hours and days that she had to work etc. not conducive to a calm breakfast, which incidentally was otherwise fine and included in the price.Compared to other budget chain hotels in the area,the Averard is good value and if you ask for a room on the lower floors, I think the standard will be better.Potentially, this could be a much better hotel with a bit more investment in its appearance both inside and out. However, it is very good value and I would recommend it for a short London stay.	
Jul 3 2008 	The most miserable hotel I have EVER stayed at.	I rang to book a room directly with the Hotel (£50) which was good value given the location. The lady who took the call (Trish) was very polite and friendly. When I turned up at the hotel, i didnt expect a red carpet but atleast a smile rather than a grunt from the receptionist (Not Trish!) which it appeared I had interrupted her sight seeing outside. For £50 I didnt expect much, the room was very small &amp; faded and the water pressure laughable, the breakfast was ok. My main problem is that not once did the staff acknowledge my existance with so much as a smile. This indifference to the paying guests (from receptionists who talk over you to their friends when you are trying to pay your bill, to the surley miserable staff in the brekfast room). This miserable approach gives the whole hotel a rather depressing, run down and ultimately `never come back feel`, rather than a well priced cheap hotel with a certain level of quirky faded graduer which it could do with a lesson in customer service.	
Dec 19 2007 	Good value for money	I have booked through londonrooms.com and everything went ok.Good aspects - really close to Hyde Park and lancaster tube station.I have paid 60 pounds per night, which I think it is worth.The room is not small, the bathroom is quite nice, they even provide soap and shampoo. Clean room with new towells every day.Nice guy at the reception desk. Quiet zone.Bad aspects - the ladies that serve breakfast are really in a bad mood (every day!). And they don't allow you to seat in a table for 3, if you are only 2!!! even if the room is empty....The hotel is a little old, therefore there are some paiting coming off the walls, but, at least for me, nothing too serious!Much better than other low budget hotels at London!	
Dec 18 2007 	Does the trick	This hotel even though a wee bit faded from it's former years is great. The staff are very helpful, our bathroom had just been done up, and our room had enough space for huge cases. It's only a stones throw from Hyde Park	
Nov 22 2007 	avoid the place!!!!! worst staff ever	I do travel a lot and i'm not fussy at all. The hotel which is old and careless (bathroom with holes on the wall and if it rains the water gets inside!- no hot water-poor breakfast). the staff, beginning from the african lady at the reception who is always bored and rude to end with the head one of the breakfast room. The first one screamed at us once we checked in and asked about seeing our rooms before paying them...she said we could even go away if we didn't like the policy! another day one of us fainted in the room and we had to insist in asking them to call an ambulance as they wanted us to do it ourselves. This is really really bad. i was almost about calling the police as we were so scared and noone wanted to help. this staff couldn't be allowed to treat customers this way. never found any place this bad in our whole lives. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 10 2007	needs decorating but great location ........	I will start with the postive comments, the hotel is easy to get to from Heathrow aiport getting the heathrow express to paddington station which is just 10 mins walk away...Its in a good area of London, quiet but near to everything you could need, walk out of the hotel and you have the beautiful hyde park infront of you and a cozy pub called the swan on the left, thats if you can afford the price of a pint in the U.k now.... , the london tour bus stop is just 5 mins away to. the usual indian, chinese cuisine restaurants are within walking distance to. The negative points are that The building is impressive but is well overdue for some painting and decorating..... the breakfasts are good enough and a fry up for a fiver is optional.... the staff at breakfast are not the happiest i have seen.. which i mentioned to the very nice receptionist staff..... rooms were clean and 109 was a very nice size twin room which faced the front road.. i would stay there again , the price was excellent considering the location. ps in the winter months the tour bus is valid for 48 hours for the same price of 22 pounds, well recommended...	
Sep 24 2007 	I felt like a real Victorian Englishman	After reading all reviews on this site, I was a little suspicious about my choice, but, once arrived, I became impressed. The hotel is old, but people are kind and helpful. If you'd like to stay in a museum, make this choice!It looks a little like a dump, but it isn't. The room and sheets are very clean and they change all towels daily.From hotel location you can easily reach all Central London.The area is clean and it's a good neighbourhood.Very close to hotel it's pub &quot;The Swan&quot; where they serve great fish&amp;chips. Average price for a combo (fish&amp;beer) is 10 GBP.Take care to have with you plug adaptors, because they are short on those at the front desk.	
Sep 23 2007	Very Old hotel and room	The Hotel is Old, rooms are old, beds are old and not comf, no internet, staff dull and telephone bill incredible high. breakfast is ok and location is very good.Enrico Italy	
Aug 26 2007 	Good value good location	Nice quiet, value hotel in a very good location just north of Hyde park. We stayed in a room with 4 single beds for 80 pounds per night including a decent continental breakfast. We booked through [--]. The hotel is a short walk from the Lancaster Gate tube station. There are several good restaurants nearby particularly if you walk a few blocks north towards the Paddington tube station (also within easy walking distance). Cabs drive by the hotel every few minutes and there is also good access to buses. A Cab ride to Buckingham Palace was 8 pounds and Victoria station was 10 pounds. We got day passes for the bus and tube and it was very easy to get around London riding the buses and tubes.I would agree with the other reviewers that the hotel is a bit run down but it is very good value especially for families. It must have been quite a posh place when in first opened in the 1920's but it looks like nothing has been repaired or maintained since then.Reception staff was helpful and friendly.	
Aug 8 2007 	Needs Work!	Again, looks are deceiving. My sister booked this one for us as well. She got it for 70 pounds ($140 American Dollars) a night. If she had not booked this online, it would have cost 115 pounds a night. Not worth it! We had a triple room, which meant 3 twin beds. The beds were very clean and the bathroom was also very clean. I do have to say that the walls were horrible, the wallpaper was peeling off. There was no A/C in the room but good thing we didn't need it because it was kind of chilly at night. We left the windows open and it was just right. This hotel is very old and needs a lot of work. The elevator (lift) was so small that only 1 person with their luggage could fit. It was my sister, my mom, and I and we all had to take turns going up to our room. I do have to say this room was larger than the Royal Lancaster Hotel.Diana - Corpus Christi, TX	
Jun 28 2007 	Get what you pay for	If you can accept that this is a very very old hotel then you will not be shocked when you arrive. Our room's shower had no curtain etc and only hot water form shower. Our group complained that their beds were dirty with hairs etc. However our room was always clean and beds too.The staff were very very helpful, always willing to help and always happy-which makes a big difference. Breakfast staff were great too.If owner upgraded the bed covers and fixed plumbing it would be more appealing.Thank you to the front desk staff for all of your help-you were excellent	
Jun 27 2007	cheap but not cheerful	As some one already pointed out, the only good thing about it was the price, oh and the pleasant porter standing outside the entrance of the hotel across the road. If only the Averard were that friendly! It suited us in a way because we only used it for sleeping in, but put this way you wouldn't be seen having a drink in the &quot;bar&quot; at night. There wasn't a fire door in our bedroom, nor way there a fire alarm. If there was an actual fire then it would be likely that there would be many survivors due to the lay out of the corridors and rooms. The lift wasn't up to much, could only fit in about 2 people which made it very dificult when arriving with luggage. The staff were not very welcoming, and I won't say anything else incase it is interpreted as an insult, which it isn't, it's just matter of fact. It would just be nice to see a smile and some polite manners, especially whilst dealing with tourists and paying customer.	
Feb 1 2007 	needs renovation but it's OK	This is the third time I selected Averard Hotel.When I have first seen the facade, I was a bit shocked. Fortunately it proved to be a very good deal for this price. Room and bathroom are cleaned everyday. TV is working, and I write this review from my room (might be accidental luck :)Breakfast is basic, but at least for me it is sufficient. You can get some extras (eggs, sausages ...) for some additional charge.The location is perfect. It is few steps from Lancaster Gate on Central Line, short walk from Paddington Station, and if you are lucky, you can see the Hyde Park from your window.If the weather is nice, you can walk through the park to Marble Arch, or Kensington Palace.There are quite a few good restaurants in the neighborhood. The pub behind the hotel serves very nice fish&amp;chips.	
Oct 9 2006	the averard - average	This motel was average, very old but i thought this added character and charm. The motel is very central, very close to public transport and a short walk to Hyde Park. The staff were always friendly, obliging and approachable. If you needed to know information about sites in London, and the staff were not sure then they would go out of their way to find out for you, nothing was a bother.	
Oct 14 2005	A good price and a good location.	I stayed here in last June, in a single room. I made my reservation in Internet in, and I payed $75/€75, each night.Therefore it sems to me a right price.Vantages: it's very well located, almost in front of one of the gates of Hyde Park, near the subway, and near some bus stops that will take you to the city center.Near it have some souvenir shops and some restaurants, and the commercial zone of Quenways is not far.Inside the Hotel is very beautiful with a piano, paintings, statues.Disvantages: the Hotel is very old (the interiors made of wood), the rooms (when the weather is warm), very, very hot, because it have not A/C, just a single windown with just a curtain.The ceiling, the walls and the floor are in wood, witch makes that you could hear anything, a person walking in corridor or a person walking in the room above you.One of the worse things, is the breakfast. It's not a buffet style, and every day you have to choose, the things you want. Bread, or just a single croissant, cofee or hot chocolate, 20 g of cheese in very small package, no ham or other meat, pinnapeaple juice our apple juice...you have always to choose, you could not eat all of this together.In a city which everything is so expansive a good breakfast matters , is very important.Everyday a our or two later he have to eat in the street.If you have any question about this Hotel, just let me know.	
Jul 22 2005 	good price but that's it	I was satisfied with the price.. but that's about it.. The carpets in the room was dirty and the room was allways extremely hot (even as the temperature outside was 13 degrees) and it was allmost impossible to watch the tv as it was so old. The bathroom was strange too as the toilet was crammed very closely between the wall and the bathtub. So close, that I had to be an acrobat to be able to releave myself. It was impossible to sit on the toilet in a proper way (I am an average person). The toilet was not properly screwed to the floor so I also had to make sure that it did not tip over (as it did once and the waterpipe went off). The reception area was ok and the day staff was friendly. I felt, however, that one of the night staff was quite unfriendly and suspicious. This made it quite uncomfortable when I came home late at night. On the good side I would however say that the breakfast was allright and the location is great (close to Hyde park and Paddington station). But, in conclusion, I will never stay at that hotel again.	
Mar 17 2005	So-so hotel	We stayed here for one night in May, 2001. The rooms varied in 'style' depending upon which type you booked. At 2am, the occupants in the room above us checked in and we had to listen to them walk back and forth for over an hour. The lobby is very sparse......only an old piano and ugly chairs. The elevator is TINY. The best part of this hotel is the continental breakfast in the nice (small) breakfast area. DO NOT trust this hotel's website photo as I did and book your room for that reason! Also, it isn't in the best part of town as far as walking to restaurants, etc....	
Feb 22 2004	Just Stayed	Just stayed at the Averard....great location near Hyde Park, close to Paddington, walking distance from Heathrow Express train. My family stayed and found the beds very comfortable and new carpets added to first stage of refurbishment &quot;feel.&quot; Staff was generally helpful, but inconsistent. If hotel were to spruce up with some fresh paint outside and inside, could reach potential of a real gem. All in all, quite satisfactory and a good bargain which is hard to find in London.	
Jan 7 2004	Nice quite low cost hotel convenient to transportation	This is a very cozy hotel. The decor and how the hotel is laid out make it feel like a large house. On both my stays there, I requested singles with en-suite baths. Both times, the bathrooms were very clean and modern. The beds were not the most comfortable for either stay, however. The room sizes also differ significantly. During my first stay, the room was the size of a closet, the second stay, the room was three times larger. The hotel is two blocks to the Lancaster Gate tube stop which makes getting around easy. The location it's in is also fairly quite. To get a good deal, I would recommend a booking engine that specializes in london accomodations rather than the bigger sites.	
Nov 13 2003	It was great for us	We had a very large room for 3 of us; bath was very large also. Newly redecorated and clean. Continental breakfast was good with some choices; full breakfast available for extra. Only complaint was inability to turn off heater (typical in old buildings) so had to have windows open which meant more traffic noise. No noise transfer from other rooms. Staff was mostly pleasant. Location was great; easy walk to Lancaster Gate, Queensway or Bayswater stations. We would definitely stay there again. Paid about 90GBP per night for triple.	
Oct 7 2003	Past its prime	Has all the possibilities of being an absolute gem, but this hotel is badly in need of some updating. Carpet on stairway is torn in several places, room we stayed in had very visible damage to wall, mattresses in bad shape. Our room was so warm we had to keep both windows open and put a chair in front of the radiator just to make it bearable. No adjustment valve on radiator, and staff was unable to help. Water in shower very hot also, cold water is a mere trickle. Toilet flush very weak. Staff ranges from very friendly to downright unpleasant. Breakfast ok, but drink the tea, coffee's thick.	
Aug 10 2003	Nice Hydeaway	Good price, good basic breakfast and service, two rooms for family of five, one block off Bayswater in Kesington District above Hyde Park. Very quiet neighborhood, nice oasis from London's hustle/bustle. Tube stop around corner. Great day help, young night receptionist a bit uninformative. Great spot.	
Apr 18 2003	Nice afffordable little hotel	I stayed at the Averard for nearly two weeks. The location is excellent, right across from Kensington/Hyde park, 5 minute walk to Lancaster Gate tube station. There's a tour bus stop right around the corner. Staff was friendly and helpful, breakfast (included) was great. Room nothing fancy, but clean and well kept. I'd stay there again.Kelly	
Oct 14 2009 	commenti		
May 19 2009 	Bien mais...		
Jan 20 2009 	Dieses "Hotel" war das allerletzte....und eine Schande für die Hotelbranche		
Dec 1 2008 	Lo unico bueno la ubicacion		
May 22 2008 	Hôtel AVARE plutôt !!!		
Mar 4 2008 	très bien situé vaste hôtel mal entretenu... dommage		
Feb 21 2008 	Un 3 étoiles qui n'en vaut pas une		
Feb 18 2008 	Passable hôtel		
Feb 11 2008 	Alt aber Gut		
Oct 16 2007 	'historisches Ambiente' mit Renovierungsstau		
Jan 22 2007	Super bien situé		
Jan 3 2007 	hotel 3 étoiles ????		
Nov 8 2006 	Averard Hotel		
