	Definitely going back!	The hotel staff were a little generous about how close to Elephant and Castle the hotel was when I spoke to them on the phone. From the tube, it's a 10 min bus journey on the 453, or £6 in a taxi, or a good half hour walk.Hotel was clean, airy, very modern and most importantly, this extended to the room, and was not just a reception facade.4 adults in a 4 bed 'cabin' room with two singles and a double. PLENTY of room to move around, not falling over each other! Facilities excellent! 32&quot; plasma with Freeview on the wall, Iron and fold away ironing board, hairdryer, mini fridge, international sockets.If I HAD to make negative comments :Shower curtain too short, water goes on floor!No extra plug socket next to mirror for straighteners or your own hair dryer.Bedside lights are low energy LED reading lamps - crap.OVERALL - great experience, would definitely go back without reservation.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent low budget Hotel	Stayed in 2 double rooms [i.e. 4 travellers] for one night in Sept. 2009, admittedley the area is by no means the best part of London but we felt safe and secure and we were only 15 mins. walk or a short bus ride to the nearest tube station [Elephant &amp; Castle / Tower Hill].The Hotel itself has recently been refurbished and is very hip and trendy, the rooms were of good size and fitted out to a much higher standard than the price charged.Each room had a 6 jet power shower, unfortunately one jet was directed right up the Jacksey. The staff were helpful and friendly and all in all better than many more expensive hotels we have stayed at in London.One tip ask for a room not facing the main road outside as I would guess they could suffer from road noise.	
Oct 9 2009 	Do not stay here if you are on business or a woman travelling alone!!!	I arrived at this hotel at 9.45 pm. I had travelled into St Pancras and then got a tube to the Elephant and Castle underground which is a very run down area and as a woman alone I did not feel safe. I had to walk approx 5 minutes to find a cab office, which was down a dark dungy side street. I got a cab to the hotel which was also in a very run down area. The hotel itself was average, and the room was clean. I stayed 2 nights at the hotel and for the whole 2 days the WiFi was not working, I was offered to use a PC in the main lobby, but I did not feel safe alone and could not retrieve my emails anyway. I could not work in the evenings which was a huge inconvenience!!! I would not recommend this hotel to a woman travelling alone or anyone staying for business who needs WiFi.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good location and value for money	The room and bathroom were basic but clean. Was pleased with the secured car parking area behind the hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Public transportation was in easy reach - absolutely no complaints and will not hesitate to go back.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great value clean!!	We booked this over the internet, the internet rates are great, car parking is fantastic its just behind the hotel and its barrier entrance so very secure and you have your own allocated bay and its 24 hour CCTV. Our visit was to the Oval cricket ground and this was perfect, very reasonable rates, we got 2 bus stops and 2 northern line stops although we walked back from the tube its all one road and it was about 20mins walk.The reception staff were very friendly and the lobbey was very nice, our room was very nice, compact but had space for what we needed you had a safe, fridge, tea &amp; coffee making wall mounted tv, iron board, all in all very good value and extremely clean and comfy bed and airy room.I would recommend this hotel especially if you want value for money, breakfast was £10 but we did not have this so cannot comment,Great stay	
Jul 26 2009 	basic but clean	Are you looking for somewhere just to get your head down? Go here.The continental breakfast is bizzare but it's plentiful and there is the choice of full english if you want it.Next door is a really good quality chinese restaurant for evening food.The area isn't great no wonder it's the cheap street on the monopoly board!!!! Elephant and Castle isn't exactly the best area either. Lots of boarded up houses/flats and it's a run down area.However! You can get a zillion buses outside the door that go direct into central London in less than 15 minutes. Very close to Westminster and Trafalgar Square on the bus. Tube station at Elephant and Castle is a bus ride or 15 minute walk away. Greenwich a bus ride away.Would recommend it but if it's for a decent holiday or romantic break book somewehre else	
Jun 28 2009 	Good Quality Hotel	I like the services of the staff ,I read review by someone she said staff are rude but staff are very friendly.I was thr when this lady came to cpomplain.She didn't stay at the hotel she is living opp to the hotel.It doesn't make any different for the hotel if you put the your reviews outside the hotel.Church people start at 12 o'clock not in the morning.	
May 31 2009 	Worst hotel in London...	Woken up by music blaring from car outside, unloading music equipment into hotel. When I complained, rude receptionist told me it wasn't his problem and the noise was from a so called 'church group' using a room in the hotel. The service is awful, staff are rude and noise from the room (at front) was so bad I couldn't sleep. Avoid like the plague!	
Mar 8 2009 	complete flop..hotel had given away our booked family room	Nasty location....20 mins walk from Elephant &amp; Castle tube, rough area of London. You need to drive there to be safe.Don't leave the building after dark. Hotel had given away our booked family room..offered us two rooms but we have 7 year old kids, so of no use. No offer of any other credit for inconvenience. . After writing a complaint they offered about 50% off a future booking. Pretty stingy to say the least. They are a budget chain so that's what you get	
Jan 30 2009 	Great hotel	Just returned from London visiting family in hospital there, stayed at the Premier on Old Kent Rd which has been built quite recently , would definetely recommend it. Great price, very clean, well looked after rooms with nice decor and super comfy bed and pillows. We stayed three nights Sat-Tues had booked two rooms. Local ameneties i.e food not so great however bus stops right near hotel entrance and it's a 24hr bus service, not too expensive in a taxi either to centre of London-we were £14. People in local grocers very nice and helpful and sell the all day bus tickets which are great. Area not much to look at but I felt safe enough.My shower wasnt working so I had to move rooms after first night-staff were very helpful. Large TV on wall which had built in freeview-great. Kettle supplied in room for tea/coffee. Small fridge supplied in room. Only downside no wardrobe! Only a small clothes rail with few hangers on it.DO NOT use the Chinese adjoined to the building, worst meal i've ever had!! However my parents liked the food in Ozzies cafe just a few doors down. I recommend you eat before returning to hotel as local amenities are a bit scarce. There is a Tesco just along the road from hotel. Also people had chinese takeaway meals delivered to hotel from elsewhere which hotel staff were ok with and supplied plates, cutlery etc.If your looking for an above average hotel (I loved it and can be fussy) then this is it but I definetely recommend it and would return.	
Aug 31 2008 	Would stay there again!	I was very happy with my stay, we stayed in a family room, with a 1yr old. It was clean, a good size and the staff were friendly.	
Jul 10 2008 	Clean hotel on main bus route	Clean hotel. Comfortable beds. Rooms are small but very typical of rooms in Europe. The building has been converted into a hotel December of 2007. It is on the bus route and close to restaurants and a grocery store. We used the small fridge for breakfast &amp; lunch supplies. The room we had was at the back so we didn't here any traffic noise. There are small markets nearby and fresh cooked chickens which were tasty for dinner.It takes two buses or the tube and a bus to get there from Victoria station. We enjoyed it there and only spent the nights inh the room anyways. Good hotel for the price and the city of London.	
Apr 9 2008	Weird hotel experience - won't stay again	Run by Indian owners - the hotel has that feel of being abroad in a low quality hotel yet it's newly decorated. The style would match that of temperatures outside of 80degrees but in cold London - tiles on the floor, lino as flooring in the room, air conditioning which doesn't heat the room well doens't match the requirements for this country. Taps in the bathrrom only pore water if you bend over and are close enough will automatically come on and you get soaked. The shower is small and an issue for anyone trying to have a wash! No bar - well it's part of reception and not inviting. The dining area is not comfortable and cold and bland in the morning. The walk from Elephant and Castle is long around 20 mintues and with a bag not good. Also, the hotel is not in a nice area. The hotel doesn't have an evening restaurant and will invite pizza and chinese companies to deliver take aways. There are no local restaurants I would feel comfortable in - carribean run restaurants, I saw gangs on the streets and went swiftly back to the hotel. Traffic is a huge issue in the morning and delays if you have meetings. The bed was comfortable and have flat screens but feel they have cut corners all over the place to save money and has had a detrimental feeling to comfort and a relaxing ambience.Asked to leave as soon as I checked in but I had paid and no refunds. Stayed for 3 nights. Will NEVER stay here again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Bello e... possibile		
