Oct 31 2009 	FAIL	hey. this hotel was HORROR.....dirty, nasty, loud, small rooms, nasty breakfast.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beware - bedbugs!	Me and my husband stayed for three nights. I started no get big, itchy bites on my body and woke up in the nigth feeling something crawling on me. Had no idea what it was but was in agony, the bites itched terribly and got infected. When we got home we went on the internet and realised it was bedbugs! We called a company that specializes in these things and they confirmed that it must have been bedbugs. How disgusting. We were terrified they might have even spread to our house through our luggage but that fortunately did not happen, as we kept the bags in the washingroom. I still have red, ugly scars from the bites and they even show on my weddingphotos... :-(I read another rewiev on this hotel that mentioned bedbugs as well. I don´t think there´s anything more to say. Unless that i hope it will never happen to me again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in!	This hotel looks nice from the outside but looks can be deceiving! The lift can barely hold two people and half the time it doesn't even work. The rooms are worse then the crappiest motel 6 rooms!! the door has a push lock, not reliable at all. When you leave you have to give your key to the front desk people, now that's fine but here's where it is all bad... when you come back you just tell them you room number and they hand over the keys without even checking ID. We were supposed to stay there for two nights but the first night my friends and I were too afraid to sleep, at one point I swear someone was trying to open our door. So we pushed a chair to the door and piled all of our luggage on top of the chair. We were seriously considering moving our beds to the door. By the way the beds are worse then roll away beds. The shower water smelled really bad. I have never in my entire life stayed at such a horrible place before! A note to any one considering staying at this place: Beware! It's dangerous and scary. pay the extra bucks and stay at a clean place where you know you'll be safe. We actually checked out the next morning and when confronted with the front desk clerk, she didn't even pretend to be suprised that we were leaving. She knew what a crappy place that hotel was!	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice and Cozy	This is an nice place to stay. The room was clean and the staff friendly. Great location really close to oxford st. Would come back again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Behind the Facade	Very small shaky lift, corridors very narrow, kettle on dangerous shelf, not proper beds (folding camp bed ), toilet behind double wardrobe doors that did not close, terrible shower hardly any spray, drain blocked so shower tray fills up and floods the floor, no bath mat supplied. Terrible value for the money charged.	
Sep 13 2009 	AVOID THIS CRAPPY HOTEL - WILL RUIN YOUR TRIP!!!!	il sum this hotel up in 5 points....- found woodlice coming out of the scabby shower/bathroom- stains all over the carpets- was scared to eat breakfast!- when complained the night reception told me that they have no other rooms and once had a bedbug problem and had to replace all mattresses &lt;--- thats disgusting!!- me and my girlfriend had to sleep on top of bedding in our clothes and everything in our bags as we did not know what we was going to find.- would never ever ever EVERRRRR go here again and would advice you to do the same...	
Aug 12 2009 	Oh Boy!	I knew I was going to be in London for only one or two days and didn't want to spend a lot of money on a room and yet wanted to get something close to Paddington. But oh boy. I arrived late and the person at the reception was watching TV. He was rather annoyed that I had interrupted his show and not very happily gave me a key for a room downstairs. The room was damp and had a really funny smell. It was rather large for only one person. The bathroom was old and the light very very dim. Carpets had stains all over. The funny thing was a rather large window on the side of the room. It was high enough so you couldn't see too much thru it. So I thought I was going to get some light during the day (well, &quot;light&quot; as for London standards). At around 5:30AM, I realized that my &quot;sunny window&quot; was in fact an internal window and on the other say it was the kitchen! So the russian/polish ladies preparing breakfast for the whole hotel started making pots and pans noisy.. and that was the end of my sleep :-( Later on I found another hotel one block from Paddington a *lot* better than this one for a little bit less too... so my suggestion: try finding something a bit better around Paddington and about this hotel.	
Aug 7 2009 	An unfriendly and old hotel	I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. The morning reception lady was very unfriendly and the breakfast was terrible, especially the white bread. The twin room was quite small, with uncomfortable single beds, old dirty carpets and crackling wooden floor.	
Jul 8 2009 	Cheap and good hotel great location not for people that want luxury	Wedgewood is a very cheap hotel (we booked through an agency), so we didn't expect luxury. We actually got exactly what we expected: clean rooms, a good shower, a simple breakfast. The building is old, it hasn't been maintained very well, but it's charming in that: old windows and doors. The location is perfect: the street is quiet, and it's very close to the subway that's located on a street full of little restaurants and shops. I'd stay at the place again.	
May 14 2009 	OMG (in a bad way)	The room was small, the closets were dirty, the bathroom was so tiny you couldn't close the door when sitting on the toilet, the beds were terrible (and I can sleep practically anywhere), etc etcI thought the hotel wouldn't matter that much when visiting London, so I booked the cheepest thing I could find. I was wrong... Next time, I'll spend more on the hotel (and it certainly won't be this one).	
Feb 27 2009 	By far and away the worst hotel in existence!! Wish I read the reviews.	I truely couldn't believe this place when I entered the room. It was a tiny, grubby, little hollow.It was 2am my companian and I had been traveling for eight hours so we needed to rest and there were no options at this point. The electricity point on the wall was faulty and we had to call for assistance. I ordered a double bed and I got a single which was wedged into an alcove against an external wall making my friends sleep particularly uncomfortable. The radiator mad a loud clanging sound as the water circulated so all I could do to &quot;improve&quot; matters was to turn it off. To make matters worse the room was adjacent to the elevator and this had a faulty door which made a banging noise whenever it opened. Though this can not be attributed to the hotel the street noise the next morning consisted of angle grinders at 8.30am. This was an awful experience!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Dirty rotten unpleasant	The worst Hotel I ever seen in my life. I was in London for the WTM and I reserved this Hotel without saying that I am manager in two Hotels in Florence. During my three days stay tehy never changed the sheets of the bed, never cleaned the bathroom, the wardrobe was small and dirty, the bed was broken and so close to the broken window that rain coming inside the room was wetting me two nights on three.At the arrival I asked for some more soap and towels and I think the night portier while he was watching televisione lying on a sofa with his feet without shoes put on a small table, answered me that this was not possible as the policy of the hotel is to give just one small soap and one small towel to ClientsThe breakfast room is a small and dirty room on a basement. The personnel did not ask you anything. It seems you are a ghost and not a guest.Do not go there. Take care of my review.	
Oct 13 2008	shite!	I have never seen so many depressed tourists...and i was one of them! I got suckered by false advertsing 'tasteful rennovation.' Perhaps Ali, the manager of this (---------)thought 'tasteful' included ripped carpet, curtains pulled from the rail, skirting boards missing, stains on the bed covers...or perhaps by 'rennovations' he meant the black marks on the walls caused by annoyed residents' boots as they relaised they've been done in good and proper. We're forwarding a complaint along with photos we took. Recommend everyone else does the same.	
Oct 13 2008 	Worst hotel we've ever stayed in	This hotel is quite possibly the worst hotel we have ever stayed in and I would NEVER recommend anyone to stay here. Our experience put a complete dampner on our weekend in London. The first room we were shown was tiny and consisted of two temporary camp beds covered in scratchy brown blankets. We had booked a double so we asked to be moved. The lift was broken on the way down and so we had to cart all our stuff downstairs. The second room was no better. The curtain was falling down, the carpet scruffed, two double temporary camp beds this time still with the same scratchy brown blankets that were covered in stains, the door to the bathroom was broken, there were black marks all over the walls, the tap in the bathroom was broken and the room was tiny. I have never been so upset with a hotel booking. We reported our concerns to the receptionist on duty but she said it was a 2 star hotel and that was standard. This hotel is nowhere near a 2 star hotel. Ive stayed in much nicer youth hostels for a fraction of the price. Outside in the corridors the carpets were scuffed up and coming apart on the stairs and there was a general shabby decline everywhere. Breakfast was a basic continental breakfast only and there were not enough tables for all those wanting breakfast. We paid £79 for the night and I can honeslty say it was the worst £79 ive ever spent.	
Aug 3 2008 	Wished I had read reviews before I booked	Big mistake booking here, not worth taking low budget hotel before reading some reviews, only good point is the location but everything else is awful, rooms and breakfast is a joke!!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Terrible	Stayed here for 1 night in May 2008...Thankfully just 1 night! WHAT A TERRIBLE PLACE! We got a room in the basement right beside the breakfast room. it was so hot...no ventilation really...just a tiny window that opened on to a stinking yard! The room was extremely dusty, I could hardly breathe on checking out next morning. The bathroom stank of urine, the towels were tiny and extremely grey in colour and ragged! Continental breakfast was a joke...toast...sorry warm bread! 2 types of cornflakes resembling rabbit food! No glasses to put the orange juice in...and when we requested some, they arrived on a tray swimming in water, and hot to the touch! On finding no seats to consume such a breakfast we declined! I complained when checking out to a rather sullen receptionist, who informed me that there were no other rooms when we checked in...even though we booked a month in advance? I booked through www.travelrepublic.co.uk...they see happy to accept a letter of justification from the hotel, and my views as a customer seem to amount to nothing. Do not stay here!	
Jan 7 2008	nicefriendly close to the centre	the recepionist was kind and friendly, located in centre of the town, standard english room and bed	
Dec 16 2007	Beware of Wedgewood Hotel. Not good value for money.	When we checked in at Wedgewood Hotel, the receptionist was really cold and really not friendly at all. The room was extemely small and the bathroom too. The bedspread was very very dirty. It had stains on it, hair left from previous people who used it and it also smelt terrible. We stayed at Wedgewood for three nights. We were in the fourth floor and for most of the time the lift was not working. When we reported this to the receptionist she just shrugged her shoulders. Imagine for most of the time we had to go up to the fourth floor by stairs with all the shopping bags.I would not recommend this hotel as it literally has a poor service, lack of cleanliness as well as the rooms need a make over. Emily	
Dec 11 2007	I thought the reviews were exaggerating	I thought the reviews were going a bit overboard. I have stayed in London before and know that the rooms are small according to North American standards. This hotel is awful. I thought I can deal with this for a couple of nights, but 2 sleepless nights were the result. The location of the hotel is great, but the rooms were so disgusting. I'm usually a person that travels with an open mind, I checked in and thought the lobby doesn't look too bad. I had read the reviews. My room was as bad as the other reviews said. There were stains on the carpet, black mold on the ceiling of the bathroom, my window was locked from the floor to the ceiling, everything just seemed old and very dirty. I asked at the front desk about the locked bars on the window, I was told there was a special key. So in the event of a fire, I guess I would have been toast (pardon the punn). The happy news is. I was able to find a hotel for the end of my stay right around the corner from this hotel. The price was a bit higher, but not much. It was heaven in comparison. The name of the hotel is the umi Hotel and it is literally on the next street over. It seemed a world away. Don't spend your money at the Wedgewood - go around the corner to the umi.	
Oct 13 2007	Don't Do It To Yourself!!	I would NOT RECOMMEND this hotel to anyone!!! The rooms were filthy and had bugs that bit me terribly. The bathroom was unsanitary in my opinion and very small. The shower curtain had mildew all over it and we asked for a new one, but did not hear from anyone during our 3 day stay. The towels were shabby and furniture/fixtures worn out. The entire hotel needs a facelift and leaves much to be desired. Not to mention there was a serious leak in the lobby coming out of the recessed lighting of the hotel during our stay, but only towels were put down to catch the water on the floor. The lifts did not always work and the staff was not very accomodating, although 1-2 tried. We even came in late one night to find the desk person sleeping. The breakfast room is okay, but be forewarned, they only serve cold cereal, sliced bread and instant coffee/tea. Who serves instant coffee in a hotel? Thank God we did not spend much time in the room. For the inexpensive price, I would not even encourage anyone to stay there even if their budget depended on it. Please look elsewhere. The only saving grace was location. It was accessible to the tube and the buses. Other than that...DON'T DO IT TO YOURSELF!!	
Oct 3 2007 	Nasty with a Capital N	Our last night in England and we wanted to stay in London.The hotel was horrible. TV was broken, we had no lights. When we went down to tell them they handed my husband a light blub to change it himself. He couldn't reach the bare bulb hanging from the ceiling. It was hot, we couldn't open the windows because of the nasty outside.The beds were nasty, we didn't dare pull back the sheets for fear of what was in them.The furniture in our room was torn with the stuffing exposed.The bath was even worse. Toilets were stained or unclean, your choice. I couldn't shower because of the mold,plus only 1/2 of my body would fit in the shower. My 9 yr old, 55 pound daughter tried to shower with 1/2 her body in/out but the water pressure was so horrible you couldn't. Staff was unfriendly and spoke zero english. We couldn't get out of there fast enough.It should be condemed by the city of London as a heath hazzard.I have pictures in detail of the nasty place. Sleep in the park would have been cleaner and safer	
Jul 21 2007	Never again	Unfortunately, we do not recommend this hotel to any tarveller. This is what we say to all of you, do not get seduced by the apparently inexpensive rates, there is a reason why it is so cheap: it is bad. The rooms, bathrooms and beds are small -that is if you get the bed size you actually asked for. Not only is everything very small, nothing seems to be clean. Carpets and bed linen show their age. There are no hangers in the closets. The TV does not have a good signal. This is not to mention the smell of the room. What would you think of a hotel in which the windows have been barred? The area is great. It is close to all the amenities, to the parks (Kensington, Hyde and St Jame's) and has good transport links but... there are other hotel in the area!	
Jul 17 2007 	Stay away	I would not believe the pictures on the web. They are lying. Pictures give an impression of nice, not to small rooms and a nice place to eat.We rented a quadruple room, and this was placed in the basement. We could not see out, and the smell of muggy basement was importunate. The bed sheets felt moisty when going to bed, and the bedspread had stains. The room had severe water damages, and there was cobweb in the roof corner.One of the beds lacked two of the horizontal bars in the end, so the mattress fell through the bed. We asked to have it replaced, just to discover in the evening that they had just turned the bed around. So instead of the head part falling through the bed, now the legs were falling through. The ad also tells there is a TV on the room. Yes, there is, but you need to pay £5 to get the remote controller.There was only one member of the staff where I could see a smile in the face, actually she was very friendly and worked in the reception. The rest seemed grumpy. It felt like they didn't like to work there.	
Jul 13 2007 	Very poor	The hotel room was not clean. I woke up to find the insects on my bed!!! Very uncomfortable and I left the hotel for the airport without having breadkfast. I think it was good so because the other comments say the breadkfast was awful. This hotel ruined my stay in London.	
Jul 10 2007	Bed Bug Paradise!!!	My daughter and I spent four horrendous nights at this appallingly unhygienic &quot;hotel&quot;, during which, we shared our twin &quot;campbeds&quot; with several bed bugs! Initially, we contemplated sleeping on the floor, but noticing how dirty the carpet was, we concluded that this might have been more bug infested than the beds! The mattresses were extremely thin, and the pillows heavily stained and very old. Blankets on the beds were dirty and stained also. A TV was provided, although very tatty, and a broken ceiling light-fitting hung down precariously overhead. It was evident that the &quot;room cleaning service&quot; didn't include washing out our used cups, and did not replace the toilet rolls. In fact, on arrival at our room, we noticed that we had not been left any toilet rolls, and despite the hotel profile, there was no telephone in the room either! A couple of friends of ours who were also staying there at the same time, were bitten by bed-bugs, which have been sent away for analysis before making a formal complaint to the hotel owner. This establishment is an absolute disgrace and should be shut down immediately on the grounds of health and safety!	
Jun 13 2007 	Its Nice	The hotel is nicely located in central London. Rooms are standard size but for London I think it good. Friendly staff. Its just 5 minutes of the tube. It was good experiance in London, would come back!!	
May 6 2007 	Avoid !	Family from Croatia . We spend 5 night in hotel , and every day get towels with stain . That was the worst experience there .I could stand broken curtains, cracked furniture and paint on the wall,dirty floor, blankets from my grandmother,broken TV cable,horrible toilet flush...But you must have strong nerves to take a shower in that bath and dry yourself with that towels.First day I ask them to change them but I get equal dirty. Sheets was clean, for wonder. We pay in advance to travel agency otherwise we would not stay neither one day. And a price is not low .Only good thing is location.	
May 1 2007	It's a no go!	On first sight you think the Wedgewood is alright if you're on a tight budget. But when staying there you soon find out that it's a complete disaster: ignorant, complaining staff, who think you're a complete nut when putting a complaint. They think of this ramshackle as Buckingham Palace, but it's a complete dump!A non smoking hotel, but the nighporter smokes cannabis!Creaking floors and staircases, dirty bathrooms, broken down curtains: you name it, they've got it.I wouldn't stay there again even if they offered me a room for free. Ten room 111: you would'nt put a dog in there!	
Apr 12 2007 	Never again!	Its only advantage is location - only 7 min walking to the nearest tube station. It is located in an old building, clearly underinvested (although I was told that two upper floors were being renovated so it may get improved in the future).I have worked in hotel business for a few years so I know you can compensate some disadvantages with two things, basic I would say: cleanness and quality of service. Undortunately none of these worked at the Wedgewood.Our tripple room was located on the ground floor with a view to...rubbish heap (old leaves put in plastic bags left in so called terrace plus lots of other waste). So called &quot;tea facilities&quot; were of no use: cups left on a dusty shelf, kettle dirty inside. One part of the curtains was just hanging loose. The window could not be open at all. The bathroom...you cannot really move around when inside. Toilet flashing system was not working properly.I have passed all my remarks to the receptionists but they were completely ignorant. Nothing has changed for 4 nights we have spent there. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!!!!Although the price was good, I woudl rather spend more and feel comfortable at the place I stay.	
Jan 3 2007 	FOR BUDGET TRAVEL "ONLY"	This hotel is &quot; NOT FOR YOU &quot; if:- You like to come back to the hotel to relax after the day- This is your romantic vaccation- You are on your honeymoon- You like clean rooms and bathrooms- You like mid size roomsStay here if:- You are on a tight budget- You are on a budget and come back to the hotel to sleep only- Don't have any expectation from the hotel roomOther facts:- No phones in the room- Rooms furniture is OLD- Bathrooms are very small and in bad condition (see pics)- Rooms are very small	
Jul 30 2006 	A big mistake	I recently booked four nights at the Wegewood for my family and I during a three-week trip to Europe. This was the biggest mistake I have ever made in my travelling life.We were to arrive at the hotel very late at night (1am) so I emailed the hotel the day before informing them of this. When we arrived, the extremely unfriendly receptionist told us that they didn't have our booking and wasn't even aware of the email that I had sent. I stood at the counter, booking confirmation in hand, repeatedly asking the receptionist to check again while my wife started to cry. After about 15 minutes, I started to lose my cool (something I rarely do) and I actually leaned over the counter to look at the reservation list. My name and reservation detalis were written right there on the front page.Without any apology whatsoever, we were checked in and made our way to the lift to be greeted by a big &quot;Out of Order&quot; notice. When I asked the receptionist if there was another lift, he denyed that it was out of order, so we tried it anyway. Sure enough it didn't work. Following this, we were told that it WAS out of order and that there was no other lift, however, he assured us that it would be working in the morning. I then proceded to lug 65kg of luggage up 5 floors of the most steep and narrow stairs I have ever seen. Not once were we offered any assistance or an apology for the broken lift.And then, the room. What a major disappointment. I knew there wouldn't be any air conditioning but I wasn't expecting a slum. I live in Japan so I'm pretty used to cramped spaces but this room had NO room. The only place you can open a suitcase is on the bed. And it was old. I don't mean charmingly old. Just old. Worn down carpet, chipped toilet seat and tiny tiny shower. Just standing in this room made us feel dirty. My wife tried to call her mother but the phone didn't work. I went down to inform the receptionist of the problem and he told us that all guest room phones are currently out of service. However, I have a feeling he was lying about the &quot;currently&quot; part.Next, we found that the toilet didn't flush and both my wife and I were dreading the next four days in London. We decided to stay one night and find another hotel the next day. Despite being on a budget, hence the Wedgewood reservation, we knew that the rest of our stay would be absolutely miserable at this hotel. So we spent the next morning searching for hotels at an internet cafe and making calls (from a public phone!) and eventually found something.We went back to the hotel to tell them we were checking out and asked for a refund for the nights we hadn't stayed as the hotel was nothing like the website describes. At first they refused saying that the lift, telephone etc. were not their fault (I still don't know if that means they were OUR fault), but fortunately I timed my numerous complaints just as two new guests walked in. They agreed to refund two nights.We came back to the Wedgewood after we had checked in to the new hotel that evening to pick up our suitcases and noticed that the elevator was still out of order.We learned a very valuable lesson. Don't be too tight with your holiday accommodation budget. Staying in a reasonably nice place makes you feel good at the beginning and end of each day and helps you enjoy your trip a whole lot more.	
Jul 21 2006 	Rathole with Bed Bugs	The best thing that can be said for this hotel was that there were no rats - any self respecting rat had already left.The room we were initially given was teeny tiny - approx 8 feet by 10 feet. There is no air conditioning which meant leaving the window open to avoid the stifling summer heat. The room overlooked a gated park, but this meant the locals played cricket under the window until it was too dark (10PM) and then they continued drinking until early morning.The bathroom facilities were abysmal - cramped and not working. The metal shower lead was broken causing the water flow to be constricted, requiring you to hold the shower head below your knees to get any water at all.The following morning we found critters in the bed and in our towels. The receptionist, although English fluent on arrival, became less understanding on presentation of the bedbugs. She pretended to not know what they were and couldn't offer any idea of when the room could be cleaned.We were transferred to another room for the next 4 days, which was a double (featured in the hotel photo above the front door entry). While this room was bigger, and didn't appear to have bedbugs, the position of the room over the Square meant putting up with residents in the hotels across the street talking and yelling until 2AM most mornings.This hotel is a disgrace to honest hoteliers and should be shut down by the Health department.Avoid at all costs!!!!!!	
Jun 2 2006	Would not recommend!	Upon arrival with my husband and young daughter, some confusion over payment although check debited from account a week earlier. No confirmation received by letter or e-mail before we arrived although both were requested. They then asked for my credit card details which I was loathe to provide as payment had already been made. The lobby initially did not look too bad but upon closer inspection I started to have doubts before we saw the room. We had booked a triple and found it to be most unsatisfactory. We might as well have slept on park benches because that's what the &quot;camp&quot; beds felt like. The shower room and toilet were cramped, the toilet did not flush properly and I certainly was not going to have a shower, as it was not clean. We had booked for 2 nights, but I was not prepared to stay more than one, so we checked out much to the recpetionists dismay the following morning.	
May 21 2006	basic but ok	This place is absolutely great value for money. The staff do not speak much English but were very friendly. The room was basic but comfortable on the whole. They allow smoking in the rooms, which I don't approve of. The bathrooms are tiny but do the job. Come here if you want a base for sleep and breakfast but not for an experience of hotel life.	
Jan 7 2006	A Place to Sleep	I stayed there for five nights over the Christmas holiday. The shower had very little water pressure.And the restroom water pressure was also very low.THe front desk receptonist was not very friendly.But the price was not bad,and I went to England for sightseeing, not for hotel life. I recommend it just if you need a place to sleep at night.	
Dec 13 2005	Bed Bugs part II	This hotel is terrible!My girlfriend and I checked in (they gave us a twin, not a double as booked) and had sleepless nights because of bed insects. These insects come only out at night, looking for blood to feed themselves and to lay more eggs. They are very small and very hard to kill... Not knowing it, these insects traveled along with us back to our home in Belgium. We had to desinfect the house for 5 times!! Beside this horrible experience, the staff was not friendly at all. One morning, we asked them to call in a taxi, ..., they called a nephew who had his own GPS-system.. But he still asked the double fee of a normal cab. We didn't pay this amount of course..Don't forget to bring your insect-spray when visiting this hotel! And don't set your hopes high!	
Dec 10 2005	Bed Bugs!!!	This hotel is a disgrace. First there were intial problems about the tpye of room which i booked over the internet; i booked a double and i was given a twin. Then within 10 minutes of being in the bed my friend and myself were bitten by bugs. We found 2 bugs in the bed with us and on closer inspection of the headboard found many more and a nest behind the headboard. We complained and were told there was nothing that could be done and they refused to refund the money. They also refused to come and see the bug nest. Eventually after much argument we were found another room which appeared to be bug free. Trying to follow up a complaint with the hotel has been unsuccessful - they deny point blank that the bed has bugs - i still have 2 of the bugs ( dead!) which we took as souvenir proof! I suggest that if you have to stay here you take a can of raid and debug the room first.	
Nov 13 2005	Great Location	The location was excellent, with loads of places to eat and shop. We had a room with view, which was overlooking the park - it compensated the fact that the room was smallish. i suppose it is the average london hotel room size. pleasant staff. i love the fact it had a yellow pages in the room. inspired!	
Aug 28 2005	Very dirty!!	we stayed 3 nights cause we dont have enough money, it is very poor , the room is old and dirty, also the lobby, the breakfast is terrible , be carefull.	
Aug 4 2005	Dirty and depressing	I do not have high standards for hotels in London, but this place is seriously lacking in absolutely everything. I will not complain about the tiny television, the constant noise, the lame breakfast and lack of the space in the room because these problems are found in many London (budget) hotels. I will mention the awful service and lack of cleanliness though because it was appalling. We notified the hotel twice beforehand that we'd be checking in around 11pm and they insisted that this would be fine. Upon arrival, the front door was locked and the man who came to open it was clearly not expecting anyone. He took 30 minutes to check us in, asking for our credit card at least three times. Just when we thought he was done, he stopped what he was doing at the computer and turned around to watch the Jackie Chan movie playing on the lobby television. We actually had to say, &quot;Excuse me....&quot; to shake him out of his trance. Then we got to the room and it was a single - one little bed and a side table. So back down we went to argue with the man, who insisted the room he gave us was in fact a triple. Finally, but very reluctantly, he took our word for it and then he set about to find us another room which took at least another half an hour. In the end we got a triple room, which was completely unsatisfactory. Not only were there stains on the blankets, but the floor was also filthy. We had to wash our own glasses because the housecleaning staff would simply ignore them. We tried everything - we put them in front of the door, on the bed, next to the toilet - but every night we came back and they were sitting unwashed in the exact same place. The toilet never flushed and they refused to replace our toilet paper even though housecleaning came in our room every day.	
Jul 1 2005	Teeny-Tiny	I stayed several nights at the Wedgewood. The room was teeny-tiny, the rate was reasonable for Central London. I enjoyed being close to Hyde Park. The Hotel is in walking distance of Bayswater and Paddington Station. From Paddington you can get that express train right out to Heathrow- very convenient. If you are walking, make sure you have a map, because the Leister Square and the Wedgewood Hotel is somewhat hard to find otherwise. Even the cab driver could not find it right off. All the buildings along the streets in that area are painted white.  The toilet sometimes flushed after several repeated attempts. Im not sure but maybe this is a pervasive problem in London. I reserved the room online with hotels. The staff had my room ready when I arrived. Make sure to keep all receipts and that you are not paying online and then paying them when you get there as well. My understanding is that to make a reservation with hotels, you must give your credit card information, but your credit card is not actually billed for that. You have to pay the hotel when you get there. I was able to store some luggage in the hotel when I went outside of London for several days. This was a big help for me. The staff seemed nice and willing to help. If you are a light sleeper, I recommend bringing earplugs, because there were a lot of students there when I was there. There was a party or something going on outside most every night I was there in late May 05, and the room did not ever get very quiet before midnight.	
Feb 1 2005	Nice little place	Two friends and I rented a &quot;triple&quot; room at the Wedgewood and we were very pleased with it. The room is small and the bathroom is even smaller, but it was serviceable. The area is quiet and extremely close to the tube station, and there's a mall down the street with a few nice restaurants and a movie theater. We felt very safe walking around late at night (in a group).If you're getting up early, you'll get a hot (almost too hot) shower, but if you get up after 9, you'll only get tepid water. I would probably stay in this hotel again, given the chance.	
Jan 31 2005	Tries hard but doesn't come up to snuff	Our stay at the Wedgewood was part of a package deal. We told ourselves that we knew it was a budget hotel, we didn't care if it was small as long as it was clean.A 2 p.m. check-in time is very inconvenient after traveling all night, but is understandable. We had booked a twin, but were first shown a double [well, the infamous 3/4]. Complaining, we were given a room for 4 for the night &amp; told we would have to change the next day. The room was okay, but the grout in the shower was moldy. The double we were finally shown was okay.Breakfast is adequate [toast, cereal, juice, coffee or tea], but not the &quot;sumptuous&quot; meal described on the web page.There is plenty of hot water if you take your shower at night or in the afternoon. But at 8 in the morning, their boiler must have reached its limit, and you are limited to tepid water.The staff does its best to be helpful.	
Jan 8 2005	Very good location tiny rooms.	The room was very very small but clean. The bathroom was tiny but worked. Don't expect any type of room service. I could not even get a change of towels during the same day.The breakfast was toasted with marmalade based and that was it.The location is great. I loved that area. Underground stations and parks are very close.I think this hotel is expensive for what it offers, but I had a pleasant experience there after all. I paid 80 pounds per night in a twin-beds room.Fortunately, as a tripadvisor member from Kerava said, there is a lot to do in London but to stay in a hotel.	
Dec 14 2004	ok	Having read the reviews before booking we took a chance on this hotel after making a last minute booking on expedia. Rooms were very small but are ok to rest your head for a night. The hotel was located in Bayswater which is central enough to reach many of the main attractions of London.The rooms were clean-ish but the shower could do with a good bleach!The bed was only a 3 quarter bed and not double. I did breath a sigh of relief that we only booked one night!!No parking available but there is a large overnight car park for around £25 near queenswater shopping centre. (10 minutes walk away near to tube station).	
Nov 23 2004	Bad organization	I paid the bill completely two months advance but at the reception they told me that my room was not available and they transported me (spending one and half hour in the middle of the night) to another hotel very dirty and old. The day after I hardly complained and my room, at the wedgewood, was available, it was a good quality room. But for a night I slept in an hotel, of the same group, unworthy.	
Nov 1 2004	Good location that's about it.	We picked The Wedgewood based on the price and location. Online pictures can be deceiving. We stayed there in September of 2003. This place would have been fine during my student days traveling in Europe, but it was below par for what I expect now. The lift wasn't working, the room was tiny and very dated, the beds were as saggy as a hammock with one small pillow each. We booked a room &quot;en suite&quot; in order to have our own WC, but would have been better off sharing, seeing as our bathroom was a converted closet. Luckily we are not big people. The breakfast was decent (juice, tea, cereal, toast) and the staff was OK. I wish we had known about Tripadvisor a year ago.	
Aug 15 2004	scarey dump	I had made an online reservation. I had a conformation number. When i got there, I was told that hotels.com called them and said it was not confirmed. I asked them who they spoke to and if they had a room for me. I was told they dont know who they spoke to, and no one would give me their surname. At one point they pretended they did not understand english. They all but told me to leave. The hotel was clearly not full. The postive part of this is that later I met someone who was staying there and it seems I was lucky not to stay there. I found a decent little place directly across the street - not luxuary, but nice and helpful people who understood the position I was in. Believe the reviews you see here, this so called hotel is dirty, unfriendly, and downright scarey...not even the lobby is clean!	
Jul 7 2004	Barebones Hotel - Don't Expect Much	The Wedgewood is all too typical of the hotels that are proliferating in the once really nice Baywater area of London. First off the check in time of 2:00 pm is too late if you get into London as I did by 9:00 am and you are dog tired. They have a luggage closet that was over crowded with suitcases and I was afraid to leave my stuff there. The elevators (lifts) are tiny and slow. The room is shabbly and minimalist. The floors creak but there was a TV. The breakfast was alright, nothing spectacular and the staff was pleasant enough. Somehow I feel that for the money I paid, the room should have been a bit better but like I said, Bayswater is full of these type of hotels and I suspect that they are all interchangable.	
May 24 2004	the price was good for what we got (for London)	I stayed in London for 3 nights in May 2004 and i was not disappointed with the room since i payed about £40 for a double room.It was small , but for London it was just a little smaller than average. no Air Conditioning but we didn't need it.The bathroom was small but clean and they cleaned it every day. Tv inside and hairdryer and small closet. there was tea for free in the room and a small breakfast was included downstairs before 10 o'clock.just 5-10 minutes walk to bayswater and queensway too.The hotel was in a quite street but nearby there were many restaurants and bars and shops...I would stay here again....and recomended for any budget traveler... 	
May 24 2004	OK small hotel good location	The room was very small but clean and recently painted. The bathroom was tiny but worked sufficiently. And, fortunately, there is a lot to do in London but stay in hotel.The breakfast was scarce but solid enough to get started. The hotel is well located and after all, quality/price is high.	
Apr 17 2004	Awful...	This hotel is truely terrible. The bed was as hard as a rock, the pillows (if you could call them pillows) smelled of mould, the bathroom was disgustingly dirty, the toilet was not fixed to the floor, need I go on...The hotel staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The breakfast could also best be described as minimalist.It was so bad we checked out after the first night, losing the money we had paid through hotels. Don't believe the hotel website.Shame I didn't check this site first!	
Mar 24 2004	Much better than expected		
Mar 24 2004	Run! Turn Back!		
Mar 4 2004	Nice hotel excellent location		
Feb 10 2004	Awful place to stay		
Jan 9 2004	It's absolutely dreadful.		
Dec 1 2003	Totally Awful		
Nov 13 2003	You Can Do Better...		
Oct 29 2003	basic joint		
Oct 23 2003	might as well live in the youth hostel		
Sep 23 2003	Not like the website		
Sep 23 2003	Lambda		
Oct 11 2009 	Nicht schlecht - könnte besser sein		
Sep 19 2009 	Pour la deuxième fois		
Aug 29 2009 	Muy descuidado: solo para dormir y desayunar.		
Aug 23 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jul 14 2009 	Pratique		
Jun 24 2009 	Grausam		
Apr 27 2009 	fidèle à la réputation des hotels en Angleterre		
Mar 12 2009 	Se proprio gli altri hotel sono pieni...		
Feb 16 2009 	NO REST NO HOSPITALITY		
Feb 14 2009 	??????????????		
Feb 13 2009	Akt der Verzweiflung		
Jan 10 2009 	Leider ganzzz schrecklich		
Jan 8 2009 	wedgewood hotel! accogliente e romantico hotel a nottig hill		
Jan 2 2009 	ACHTUNG: WANZEN!!!!		
Jul 23 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité - prix		
Jun 20 2008 	per coppie giovani che non hanno troppe pretese		
Jan 9 2008	Preis/Leistung war optimal!		
Dec 12 2007 	Für ein Wochenende völlig ausreichend		
Oct 21 2007	einmal und nie wieder!		
Aug 30 2007 	Vorsicht Bettwanzen und Ekelmatratzen		
Jul 20 2007 	eine einzige Katastrophe		
Jan 19 2007	A éviter absolument		
Jun 17 2006	Appena Decente		
