Nov 8 2009 	Central hotel/good for the price	Stayed 07/11/09. Rooms small so as an overnight stay ok but wouldnt recommend to stay for a week! However room clean, bed fine &amp; shower good &amp; powerful. Noise at night from street, but hey this is central london, 2 mins from dominion theatre &amp; oxford street. Found staff pleasant &amp; breakfast good.	
May 15 2009 	Will NEVER EVER Stay at This Hotel Again!!!!!!	The hotel was decayed, the service deplorable, and the front desk manager was down right criminal when he knowingly double charged us for our stay! When we went into our extremely small (even compared to usual European standards) and dirty room, we discovered a burnt lamp shade over one of the bed, the toilet and sink leaked as well as the sink not draining! Needless to say we didn't want to stay in the room. The hotel's solution was to make us stay in the room that night with an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a &quot;suite&quot; for the rest of our stay for an additional fee for the &quot;better&quot; room! As well, the front desk manager kept badgering us to book his tourist packages, which we told him were not needed as I have actually lived in London and know the city. At the end of our stay, he lied to my husband again about the pricing for transporation to the airport and kept trying get us to book a taxi to Heathrow through him (which would have been 5x the actual cost to get to the airport). Never stay at this hotel, unless you'd like to stay in sub-par accommodations. Definitely NOT worth the money spent to stay here. There are far better hotels in London which will have functioning plumbing, clean rooms, and an honest staff.	
Dec 15 2008 	Loved This Hotel Would Definitely Stay Again	Booked this Hotel through Discount City Hotels.Com paid £60 for a Double En Suite, upon arrival we were allocated a Suite which according to the Tariff on the reception desk, would have cost £279!! so to say we were happy is an understatement, the Receptionist was helpful friendly and polite, we had to leave our bag in the porters room as our &quot;suite&quot; was not ready, it was 1pm, the porters room is just a cupboard in reception, I booked this Hotel due to its close proximity to The Dominion Theatre, as this was the reason for our weekend away, to see We Will Rock You, which i highly highly recommend, and if you come out of the back doors of the theatre, Country Inn is literally a step away, loved the location, 5 mins and you're on Oxford Street, the little cafe next door (Eves Cafe) is a must sumptous sandwiches, as is The Tottenham Pub just round the corner at the top of Oxford Street, a very welcoming cosy traditional pub with handpulled Ales..When we got back which was about 5.30, we were on the 4th floor, and the room was hugeeee, with a King Size Bed, walk in wardrobes, mini fridge, flat screen tv, 2 telephones, lovely and warm, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom had fluffy white towels, complimentary toiletries, fab nights sleep, very quiet hotel, i would definitely stay here again without a shadow of a doubt!!	
Nov 25 2008 	Not for claustrophobiacs	We were booked at this hotel because there was nothing else available in the area. The rooms were the tiniest I've seen in Europe. I've only seen a similar size hotel room in Tokyo. Don't expect any help getting your luggage in and out the room. The luggage storage room is like a pigeonhole. There is a takeaway next door and some rooms smell like curry. If you are used to 4+ level hotel service, don't ruin your trip to London by staying in this hotel.	
Oct 7 2008 	Uncomfortable 	I booked this hotel based on location and price. The single room I was allocated looked out onto the well of the building and the star feature was a sheet of wire netting covered in bird poo. Asked to move and was given a twin room. Very small &amp; if there were two people in the room they would have been tripping over each other. On a positve note the room was made up each day in an identical way, the bathroom had ample soap &amp; shower gel, and the TV was excellent (new large plasma that contrary to the website I did not have to pay extra to use). The staff were all very friendly. The bedding, like many cheaper hotels, left a lot to be desired. The blankets, pillows, and in particular the bed cover have the fug (&quot;old man smell&quot;) of the last 1000 people that have stayed in the room. The window blind was broken and only had one position - down - so I needed to have the light on at all time. The hallway on the 1st floor is used as storage for vacumn cleaners and bags of bedding - as this is the fire escape it does represent a hazard if there were an emergency evacuation. If I had paid more than the £69 per night that I did I would have stamped my feet and screamed. I'm still itching from the thought of that smelly bedding.	
Apr 3 2008 	would never stay again	stayed there for 1 night couldn't have taken two. The rooms where tiny and unbearably hot and as for the bed I have really slept on softer floors. The lifts smelt of what I can only descibe as sewerage which forced me to use the stairs where the smell was slightly less unbearable. Only stay here if the alternative is a cardboard box under the arches. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and I am prepared to make allowances and did I stayed for one night. However, I know my wife would have walked out.	
Dec 31 2007 	Well worth the money	What on earth are people expecting? If you have paid more than the £70 that we paid (the Saturday before Xmas) then you need to shop around. We booked with Discount City Hotels (online). We found the staff to be very helpful from the minute we arrived. We found a leak in our bathroom and the staff immediately gave us a new room without any problems. The rooms are small, we think they might have been singles originally because of the single headboard fixed above our small double bed, however, why do you want to spend so much time sitting in a London hotel room? We like to make the most of our short stays and exlore the capital which seems to keep going 24 hours a day! And that's why we go there.Location is 5 mins walk from Oxford Street and the West End theatres etc. and the British museum is almost next door. If you are hungry, walk for 10 mins to China Town in Soho and eat as much as you like from £4.99 to £8.90.Breakfast in the hotel is served in a contemporary styled dining room (full English or continental and loads of food to help yourself to if you want). We have stayed in a variety of places and since our regular hotel is now closed this is definately a good alternative (so long as we get a good deal !!!!).So basically you have to decide what is really important and if you want to be pampered and fussed around then go book into the Savoy! This hotel was clean, friendly, cheap and easily accesible. That's what is important to us.	
Sep 22 2007 	A good value with a great location	I was apprehensive about staying here after seeing the reviews on TripAdvisor. However, I was very pleased with the cleanliness of my room(s) and the entire hotel. All staff members were cheerful, friendly and helpful. The breakfast room was nicely decorated. Service was prompt and courteous. The English breakfast served toast, eggs, bacon, tomatoes, and mushrooms. It was very tasty. I had the continental breakfast of yogurt, cereal, and croissants and it was fine, too.I stayed for five nights. The first night I had a large room on the first floor. There was street noise but it didn't keep me awake. The next morning I asked to be moved to a quieter room and was moved to a smaller, but very nice, room toward the back on the third floor.This is an excellent, safe location very close to a tube stop. I was out late by myself several nights and always felt safe in the area.London hotels are very expensive compared to U.S. standards. Compared to other London hotels I have stayed at with a comparable price I preferred this one and would recommend it to others.	
Jul 9 2007 	Enter at your peril.....	me and the missus picked up the keys to room 307. Then it went pear shaped. We opened the door to find someone else already in there. We were moved to the top floor room 505 which made hotel rooms in Italy look like aircraft hangars. It was without doubt the smallest hotel room I've ever seen.The modest size bed was pushed up sideways on against the wall with each end of the bed touching the side walls. And it was so hot in the room even with no heat on. The carpet was filthy and there was paper peeling off the walls.Don't look under the bed. While she tried the shower I went to complain taking the emergency stairs as the lift was tiny. The first flight down to the 4th floor was in complete darkness and the carpet had come loose on some steps showing concrete beneath. I could not believe I was in a London hotel. My home town. I don't know what nationality the staff were, but they could have been more sympathetic. We tried a couple of other hotels but the Tour de France was in town so no joy. Then the hair dryer didn't work and when we checked the service tag it was 2 years out of compliance. 2 years! Breakfast was terrible. The mushrooms and the fried tomato were cold and the fried egg was solid. But that did make the tea seem hotter. There was one guy serving,taking orders and trying to clear up and the poor fella kept apologising in broken English. God knows what American tourists must think.	
Jun 17 2007 	Claustrophobia guaranteed	My favourite hotels were fully booked at the time of my travel, so I chose this hotel because of its excellent location.Based on the price paid (~100 GBP/night) I would have expected much more. I got the smallest room I've ever seen. It was more like a matchbox. Strange that the bathroom was quite spacious.Try to avoid the 4th floor, as there is a molding in front of the window, which takes the whole view. Apart from its size, the room was very well equipped: TV, telephone, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron, excellent (free) internet connection (own laptop, or TV &amp; keyboard).Reception staff are friendly, but not too professional. I was very surprised that the whole price was requested in advance. Later I realized that the cause might have been the possibility to leave the hotel through an unattended back-door.Breakfast was OK, served by very attentive staff, in a fairly spacious area.	
Jun 5 2007 	OMG! Don't even think about it. Never book here. Ever!!!!!!	We arrived @ the hotel early (10:00) for the last may bank holiday. We were off to a good start as we were able to check into our room. However we did book a twin room &amp; ended up with a double. Oh well! Our room 503 was very small &amp; very hot. The Bathroom was huge though! It was raining so the only ventilation was through the windows. The left hand side window was missing the lock. The TV sits directly in front of the open windows so it not only impedes the view but the windows could not be left open overnight to let fresh air as it was raining &amp; it would have blown the TV with water. This meant 2 sleepless nights due to heat.The English breakfast served should not be fed to animals let alone paying guests. We were served coffee &amp; were not given teaspoons. I got up &amp; asked for a spoon on either day. The spoon arrived when the food did. The toast came out burnt, cold &amp; we had to ask for butter. On our day of departure Monday 28th May, we had packed our belongings &amp; were leaving the room for breakfast. We were met by the cleaner in the hall who asked if he could clean our room whilst we were at breakfast. We had no objections &amp; left him to clean the room. We came back to the room after our breakfast to find our room door open with not only our room key in the door but the room keys for every other room also. The cleaner was nowhere to be seen. We collected our belongings &amp; checked out of the hotel. It was only when we got home that I realised that I left our Digital Camera in the wardrobe. I phoned the hotel to report it immediately only to be informed that there was another guest in the room now. They stated that they do check the rooms thoroughly after checkout. They advised that they would go up to the room &amp; look for the camera in the wardrobe. They called back &amp; said that there was a Panasonic charger but not a cannon like ours. I am still having to call on a daily basis. No one is taking ownership of the problem. I keep having to explain the situation to every person I speak to. I don't know what else to do. I can't give up on it. The camera cost over 600 pounds. Please take my advice. The security is not up to scratch. Don't fall victim like we have. I read these trip advisor &amp; saw the reviews on this hotel but never in a million years did I think that we could have this happen to us.	
Apr 24 2007 	this could be a very nice hotel...	very good location, nice, small hotel, reasonable prices. But....A very big but: the hotel is understaffed. When you are lucky this will not be a problem (and iff you are willing to settle for the small, not too clear rooms, curtains that cannot be opened, the smell of smoke) but hey, look at the prices..)but arriving in an overcrowded weekend as we did, it turned out to be a stressfull experience. When we came there April 22th only two people were trying to do the check-in and check-outs, answering the questions, answering the phone's etc. etc. They were friendly but looked stressed out already at 9.00 in the morning. We could leave our luggage for the rest of the day but before we went into town we were asked to pay in advance. I thought I misunderstood because we did not even see the rooms yet and refused, I mean they had our creditcard number! We went into town, but not after we ensured our booking (double rooms for single use) was okee. When we came in in the evening we were again asked to pay in advance before we had seen the rooms, we could not even take our luggage upstairs. I found this alarming and refused again. What a dissapointment it was to find out that one of the rooms was not cleaned yet (and could not be cleaned that night since the girl at the reception told us, almost crying that she was the only one there) and the other room was stuffed with three instead of one bed. My friend got another very small room, and I accepted a small discount because the clearly overworked girl was in tears. We both went to bed. At night it was as if people from the other rooms were in your room and I had to take a sleeping pill to get some sleep. The breakfast was fine although it took some time to get what we wanted because of the language problem. In the end we got and the continental and the English breakfast! Lest best (not really) when we left the hotel the manager(?) and the girl at the reception were in a fight and although it was clear we, the customers, were in the small lobby, and could overhear everything, it just went on and on with the girl crying and the manager telling her se had done 'it' all wrong. Before I decided to help the poor girl our cab came and we silently left the hotel. Never to return again. What a pitty it was I found out I left my cardigan in the room. I hope they will return it after this review, did not hear anything yet...	
Apr 10 2007 	Loved Country Inn 	I have just returned from a week at Bloomsburry Country Inn &amp; Suites. My experience was excellent. The hotel is centrally located within walking distance from the shopping streets ( Oxford, Regent, Bond...) It is also very close to the British Museum and the theatre district. The room was a single one with a bathroom. It was rather small but very clean and it had everything I needed: a comfortable bed, a desk with a mirror, a flatscreeen TV, a cupboard, an iron and a board, a hairdryer and a telephone. There is internet access in the room. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and helpfull. The breakfast was very good.	
Feb 1 2007 	bring earplugs!	We picked this hotel for its location, which I would not fault. Very close to the tube. Room not ready when we arrived so our luggage was stored until we returned later. The room was very small with a nasty nylon carpet. It had a double and single bed, and a table and chair squashed at the end. TV and all the usual bit and pieces. The bath, basin and loo were clean, but the bathroom looked generally grubby. When you showered, it caused a flood to the bathroom and out to the bedroom carpet. We came back late to the hotel after a concert. The windows are only single glazzed and the general traffic/street noise was very loud. People shouting, sirens going off etc. The room was very hot but we couldnt open a window because of the noise. Then at about 4.00 am just when we were almost asleep, a drunk was banging on the doors and shouting in the corridor. THis continued for quite a while until eventually someone took him away. Breakfast in the basement was OK but only one poor guy trying to do it all on his own. A bit chaotic but the food was not great but edible! even if the toast is best avoided (cheap white bread, very chewy, not crsip!)	
Jan 9 2007 	Location Location Location!	I have rated this hotel 4 because of the value for money aspect not because it's a great hotel, though to be fair it's not that bad either. I paid just £60 for a twin room including breakfast but wouldn't be happy paying full rate to stay at Country Inn.The location can't be beat for my needs (a night out), it's a 2 minute stroll from Tottenham Court Rd Tube. Obviously being so central it is noisy outside at all hours and the rooms are only single glazed. No problem for me as a few glasses of vino and i'll sleep through anything!The room was spotlessly clean and i was pleasantly surprised at the standard after reading some previous reviews. The only negative of the room was the ridiculously small bathroom - seriously it's the smallest i've ever seen! It wasn't a major problem though as i didn't plan on spending too much time in there.Only one thing about the hotel was terrible and that's breakfast. No buffet table at all and the one 'waitress' is v busy so if you don't want to wait forever and a day even to get a glass of juice you have to catch her while she's at the counter and order. If you want another glass of juice, etc again catch her while you can! There's a choice of continental or cooked but you can't have both so i had the vegetarian breakfast, it arrived and comprised of 2 eggs, 1 tomato and 3 mushrooms - hardly substantial.For my needs at that price the hotel overall was ok, i would stay again at £60 per night but wouldn't bother getting out of bed for breakfast!	
Jan 3 2007	3* Hotel?? Not by a long shot! The Good The bad and The Unbelievable	Where to begin .... It went downhill from the onset – we were looking for a hotel for NYE and saw this place. I checked the reviews on here, where many of the recent reviews were negative, which did trigger some alarm bells. However, given we had limited options left, we chose to book and hope for the best …err big mistake!The hotel says 3 * on the door – no way – more like a 2* bed and breakfast! But the reason for this isn’t because the hotel is unclean and functional, but purely down to the lack of professionalism and management policy. We came away feeling the management seemed to be unable to deal with any (simple) problems that arose.THE GOOD - here are the positive points:-Room &amp; Bathroom were clean and functional, and albeit small (even though we had one of the bigger rooms!)-Sheets were clean thankfully!! – (See a previous review)-Breakfast was adequate, although cold!But that’s about it on the positive front–here’s THE BAD:-Room was tiny – Bed was even smaller and very uncomfortable. I agree that the bed is not suitable for anyone over 5” 8!!-There was no heating control in each room – the room got so hot through the night that I woke up sweating and had to open a window!-The TV channels didn’t work, and hadn’t worked for at least 24 hours – the claim was that TV decoders/antennas weren’t working! The hotel then had the cheek on charging guest for watching a pay movie instead (which curiously was not affected by the antenna problem?!!) even though they were not able to fix the TV until at least 2 days later!! What reflected poor customer service is that the management thought it was ok to charge customers and opposed to giving it complimentary to make up for the broken TV antennas and claimed that it an external source! What a joke!!THE UNBELIEVAEBLE:But that’s not the worst of it – they said the bar was undergoing refurbishment, which is fine – so we went and bought some wine to drink in the room, to entertain ourselves, whilst the TV wasn’t working. So we bought some wine, and requested some ice, an ice bucket and a corkscrew – to which we were told the following:(i) The corkscrew – we don’t have one!! – What!! You’re a 3* hotel, with a bar, and you don’t have a corkscrew – err no we have one, but we cant find it currently!! (ii) Ice – Oh our ice machine is broken they claimed…lol…they probably decided not to fix it, as with no corkscrew, why would people need ice anyway??(ii)The ice bucket – err, no reason was ever given, and we just gave up!!Security wasn’t great either, we came back to the hotel in the middle of the night, the front door was open and no-one seemed to be in reception….hmmm…!!Seriously, im not one to make unfair critical comments, but the management and select (but not all) members of the staff were a joke – no professionalism, no ability to acknowledge or deal with problems and no discount offered to compensate for the complete lack of facilities/services expected from a 3* hotel!! This hotel used to be much better, but the new owners really don’t know much about the hotel business or leisure, tourism or hospitality sector. On the plus side, the room was clean, albeit it small, and the location is two mins from Tottenham court road station and the East end of Oxford Street.If you want a small clean place to stay, you wont be spending much time in the hotel, other than sleeping (on a rather uncomfortable bed), then this is a good place. But if you expect any kind of service, including a corkscrew, ice or a working TV, then this really isn’t the place for you. I’m trying to be as objective as I can, but even after a 10 minute heated discussion with the manager, I was shocked as to the audacity of the hotel management!My hint, if staying here, opt for a corner room, as they are apparently bigger than a shoe box!	
Dec 8 2006 	Don't look uner the covers!	the photos of this hotel suggest a small but discreet hotel with traditional furnishings and fittings - and that is not a false impression. But you would be wrong to assume that this means it is a hotel with dining areas of old mahogany, a spacious lobby with solid, time-served antiques and a lounge and bar with olde-worlde comforts - it has none of those. The only public space is the lobby and you can walk across it in about 5 paces. The room I stayed in appeared small when I opened the door but it turned out to be a little bigger once I got inside. The traditional furnishings were used in the room as well - which looked dark but comfortable. Unfortunately the olde-worlde concept also seemed to extend to the laundry - the bedding looked as if it had never been near a washing machine - grubby and stained (yeucch!). I only stayed for one night but I don't think I could have faced going back to sleep in a hotel which, on the face of its looks good, but which in reality is very grubby and dissappointing. One other thing - every time I went into the lobby it seemed to be in use as a meeting room for off-duty taxi drivers. Not great.	
Oct 16 2006 	Didnt even get a room!	Cant really say much about the hotel because we didnt get passed reception. When we arrived the staff on reception were busy taking photos of each other on there phones so we waited a few moments. When we did get some attention I pass the three members of staff at reception my online booking details. All three of them seemed to look blank and confused. After a while of blank looks another member of staff who had been sat in the lounge area behind us suddenly remembered that the hotel was closed due to &quot;problems&quot;. Obviously he had forgotten to tell the reception staff of these problems. He told us we had been moved to another hotel. He showed us where the hotel was on a map which was hung on the inside of cupboard door. The map looked like it had been there a while and the other hotel was clearly marked in pen. (My guess, they have to shift guests there regularly?). They gave us £12 pound in cash (as that was the difference between prices) and a booking number. The hotel was a fifteen minute walk and just at the far side of russell square. This was unfortunatly no where near where we wanted to be. The hotel was massive hotel over 300 rooms which was something we didnt want. Thankfully the staff were really helpful and friendly. The room was dated but very clean. The booking number he had given us didnt mean anything to the receptionist but thankfully we got a room. The way the staff at the Country Inn dealt with this &quot;problem&quot; was highly unprofessional. I would have prefered to have found the hotel locked up and a note pinned to the door! Good luck to all who stay there!	
Sep 29 2006 	Please don't go there	By far the worst hotel during my last trip in UK. I have to agree with the reviewer from Boston. My room was on the first floor and didn’t feel safe at all. Fortunately, I was there for only one night. The bed was such in a bad condition that I woke up in the morning with terrible back pain. My back was still sore after 3 days. A concrete slab would have been more comfortable. I told the manager to throw this bed in the garbage the next morning but I’m sure it is still there. The cigarette smell was terrible even if I had booked a non-smoking room.	
Sep 25 2006 	Nice little hotel	A great alternative to the big chain hotels nearby. Location is great, just off tottenham court road, a five minute walk to all of the new restaurants just to the west of tottenham ct rd. The room was small, but comfortable and clean with nice bathroom, LCD TV, small working area with broadband. No aircon however. Lacks a bar, but plenty of bars and pubs nearby that are open into the very early hours. Reception was manned 24 hours so no problems when we crawled back in at 2am!Better than your average London 3*, but on a much smaller scale.	
Jul 21 2006 	Friendly Staff Tiny Clean Rooms	We stayed here two nights when we were passing through London. Pros: Friendly staff, good breakfast, nice bathrooms. Good neighborhood and close to tube station.Cons: Both rooms were so small that we had to move out of each other's way constantly. No AC. Would we stay here again? Probably not, because of the lack of space.	
Jul 3 2006	Friendly hotel and great location	Myself and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for a long weekend in London for my birthday. Location is brilliant, as only 5min walk to tube which is easy to find and you are just off oxford street so is very central. Found hotel to be friendly, though there english could be abit better, but got buy. Our room was very small, and the bed no good for anyone over 5ft 6in but very clean which we found was main thing, plus for all time you really spend in them we were not to bothered. The bathroom is very big and has good shower. Breakfast room is nice &amp; clean and breakfast was good to.We were abit disappointed that the hotel doesn't have its own bar or do evening meals, as would have been nice just to relax in there one night instead of having go up the street to find places.I do advise that if you book a taxi threw the hotel ensure that you do so early as we had asked them to book one for us on our 2nd nights stay to take us to a restaurant and it was over half hour in arriving meaning we had to call the restaurant and explain we were gonna be there just taxi late, luckily they wee ok about it.We did enjoy our stay at the hotel and would stay there again i think if we ever return to london, because it is in such an excellant spot .	
Jun 29 2006 	Hotel from Hell	This hotel is the worst hotel I've stayed in ever. I had a terribly horrendous experience with the staff when I arrived. As my flight was cancelled, and I had to leave the US the next day, I had called expedia (my travel agency) to cancel my first night at the hotel. Expedia confirmed the cancelation and assured me the hotel agreed not to charge me for the first night. Upon arrival however, the hotel staff told me I was going to be charged for the night not spent there plus a surcharge tax. After numnerous attempts to find out who worked during the time Expedia called and lies (i.e. hotel cannot make international phone calls, woman who worked in the morning does not pick up phone, they don't remember who worked and cannot find out as there is no log etc.) and my own hotel room not having a working phone!!! I was charged and told that unless Expedia called and told them the name of the person who had worked that night, I would be charged for the supplementary night + a tax. Of course, I called expedia immediately and they called the hotel. It ended up being a 45min conversation or argument on the phone until expedia told me themselves the hotel kept lying to them, excused themselves and offered me a voucher. Expedia staff was shocked!!!! at the lies of the hotel.About the rooms: my room was a mere CLOSET, no space to even put your suitcase. The rooms on the ground floor are directly on a busy street with people looking right into your room, as there are no curtains. It is noisy at night, and the bed is so small it would not fit a person taller than 5.5. maximum.The other thing is that my room was next to a fire exit which was unguarded and the door open the first night. BVasically, anybody could have walked in.I felt the room and my things were not safe and I checked out the next morning.A better hotel: the Academy, a few blocks further. Lovely hotel with excellent staff and a great alternative.I am not expecting much and travel frequentlyfor conferences and businessbut I have never been faced with such problems that I had to call my travel agency and faced with such lies.I was scared in this hotel and so were my collegues who when they walked in were shocked about the rooms and the open fire exit.	
Jun 25 2006	lovely hotel	Having spent ages trawling the internet for a hotel in London whose description matched the reviews on this site, we had almost given up hope! Then we happened upon the Country Inns and Suites Hotel in Bloomsbury. We booked a 2 night break to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel did not disappoint. It is in a lovely area, fantastic tube links are nearby, and loads of bars, resturants and shop are easily accessable. The hotel is spotless and decorated very nicely. Our room wasn't big, but was more than adequate for our needs. Bathroom and shower were fantastic. Staff are friendly and very helpful. We arrived early in the hope of leaving our bags until check-in, but found we were able to check-in straight away. The breakfast room is lovely and food was to a very high standard. We will certainly stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone!!	
May 12 2006 	Top Choice for Value	I am a travel agent and travel extensively around the world, and I am fortunate to stay at some very impressive luxury hotels.As for this property I stay here 3 to 4 times a year for pleasure. I only have one thing to say about this hotel and that is &quot;what a star it is&quot;. The hotel offers excellent value for money with its location and friendly staff. No it is not a luxury hotel but it is clean comfortable friendly and ideal for a weekend or short break in London. The rooms are clean and welcoming. The rooms are not by any standard large but more than suffice for a 3-4night stay. The hotel has a small breakfast room serving cooked breakfast. The hotel is seconds from the tube, and bus links, but it is set back off of Oxford Street enough to make it fairly quiet. The hotel lacks a bar but is only a minute from Charing Cross Road and the westend bars are a plenty. The room does have tea/coffee and reception can bring up a selection of miniture alcoholic beverages. All in all this is a top class hotel in its range of 2* hotels. I would like to thank the staff for making me and my friends feel welcome every time we have stayed.	
Aug 1 2005	Absolutely lovely!	A small &amp; cozy hotel you are bound to love! Nice &amp; clean rooms, always welcoming (!) &amp; helpful staff at the reception, good breakfast, not to mention the perfect location with great access to all sights. We stayed here for 5 nights right after the attempted bombings, and the staff made our stay a superb getaway. The only thing reminding about the tention in the air was the number of police around. Nevertheless we still managed to have a wonderful vacation!	
Jul 30 2005 	It's like a Travel Lodge but that's OK !	Rooms: Small but cleanStaff attitude: ExcellentBreakfast: ExcellentThe only drawback is a lack of Bar/public areas. As a single business traveller a small residents bar would have been nice.Will I use it again ?Yes next week !	
Jul 12 2005	Excellent hotel top location great service	We stayed at Country Inn Bloomsbury from July 7th (the day of the terror attack in London) to July 10th.I must say that this is one of my best hotel experiences ever. The location of the hotel is great, just of the east end of Oxford street and close to public transportation. The staff was extremely service minded and the room was very nice and clean. I booked the hotel on the Country Inn website, and got a very good price, from £68 per night. Only “negative” thing, was that the elevators was a bit small, but that wasn’t any problem. This will from now on be my 1st choice whenever I go to London.	
Jan 10 2005	Great start to a new year!!!	After many years working in 4 and 5 star hotels I tend to be a bit critical of the budget side of the industry but much to our surprise this hotel really really was nice! We paid just £82 for a twin room including breakfast on New Years Eve! Bargain for central London!! Location was fantastic.. just metres from Tottenham Court Road and Centrepoint Tower. Although it is quite compact, the whole hotel and our room were immaculate.. couldn't fault it! We had a room at the front of the building on the third floor.. had nice views and not at all noisy!! Reception staff were all very nice and helpful! Breakfast was very pleasant (even with a hangover) and noticed it was all freshly cooked..not re-heated! The young lady serving breakfast was very polite and efficient! The shower was excellent.. it puts most power showers to shame.. and helped get rid of that 'morning after the night before' feeling! &lt;:o)An honest 10 out of 10 for this hotel!!! We'll be back!!!	
Jan 8 2005	Good Value London Hotel	Stayed at this hotel New Years Eve. Great Location, friendly staff &amp; good breakfast. Rooms are a little bit small, however they are very clean. Overall I would certainly stay at this hotel again, especially for a theatre weekend.	
Nov 24 2004	Great Hotel 	Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! Simply fantastic! FOr the price, location and cleanliness, you dont get much better in London. Eveyrthing nearby, the place was clean, nice accomodating staff. I got in early and they tried to get me a room. Housekeeping is thorough indeed.Bear in mind a single bed is really a tiny single bed and the rooms are small but for the price, well worth it!	
Feb 5 2004	Perfect!	Our first time traveling to London we were a little nervous. However we sure hit the jackpot with theCountry Inn and Suites!!!!!!!We had a nice size room and comfortable..We had another person staying with us in a different room his was a little small.There was no transportation after 12:30 we ended up staying at the airport til 0500. However when we finally got to the hotel they gave us free contint breakfeast for the week. EVERYONE was very kind and friendly.. Great location close to the Gloucester Road tube..You can't go wrong with this property.......Kim Doug &amp; Guy	
Nov 18 2003	Great weekend rates good location OK service	Great location in London, clean hotel, decorated with at least a little taste, not too tacky or floral (which is something you find a lot in London!). Very comfortable beds, good size bath/shower. The room was small and it is definitely an intimate hotel (which means you can hear people's conversation in the other rooms when walking down the hallway). The room had TV/Radio, iron, hairdryer, phone, desk, no a/c if you're after that.Staff were friendly but there are not &quot;big hotel services&quot; such as room service or concierge. Cooked or continental breakfast was included, simple but good. I would definitely recommend it as &quot;above average&quot;/value-for-money, at the weekend rate of 65pounds/night for a double room.	
Jul 8 2008 	Correct et bien situé		
