	Crime central	I have to say the room was ok, but in the morning our car and 9 others had been broken into and staff where not at all interested one laughed and said we had 14 broken into the other saturday!!!!!! the best thing is that they charge you £5 for the secure parking, we would have been better parking in the street. Will never stay there ever again and will never recommend it.	
Nov 25 2009 	No Probs Good Value for Money!	Had no problems here at all one of the better Travelodges, nice size room lovely shower all very clean and bed very comfy! Staff friendly went down a few times to ask questions or borrow things(extra pillows, a hairdryer asking about taxis which they booked for us) didnt see any problems. was a bit worried before after reading the bad reviews but no reason to be had a pleasent saty here so dont be put off by bad reviews! yes location is out of the way but its a 10 min walk from Hanger Lane tube station - (come out of station go left keep walking go under the underground subway keep walking and you will pass a oriental food supermarket and its there one left handside of road) or about a £5 taxi ride.We stayed to go and see Michael McIntyre in Wembley Arena got a taxi there and back £8 each way which is very good, (ask at reception and they will get u taxi numbers)Food nice lots of choice for breakfast, cooked,cereal,fruit,yogurt or crossants all fine (coooked breakfast was like any other travelodges or like an asda or tesco one!)Our room was the duelcarrage way side but didnt hear anything and it didnt disturb us at all!The hotel had a car park with had a fence around it and had a buzzer locked gate to get into saw no trouble while we were there.Over all very good value for money would stay here again if going back to Wembley Arena.	
Nov 24 2009 	Warning!!!! DO NOT Stay Here!!!!	Unless you do not value your car or your belongings go ahead and stay here 12 vehicles have been broken into this morning, 12!!!! no one heard a thing and the best part, the sercurity cameras, DONT WORK!!! This is a joke and trying to get hold of a member of staff is impossible! We have never attended somewhere so unprofessional and down right ignorant! Warning to all fellow travelers, do not stay in this hotel!!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Don't come here	This is in the middle of nowhere. Across the road is a food processing plant (that smells a little) and beside it are what seem to be disused warehouses. We arrived at 1.30pm. They told us to check in before 3pm we would have to pay an additional £10. We had to meet friends in central London at half two so had no choice but to pay up.We came back that evening and had a bit of food in the bar, which was ok. However, I could see a number of hoodies congregating in the carpark - then one of them went and broke into a car. He was trying for ages to get it started but only managed to get the windscreen wipers to go and the lights to flash. I told the receptionist who ran outside with one of his colleagues. He did not confront the thief, rather came inside again. The guy was still trying to steal the car five minutes later. No police arrived. Where they even called? Thankfully I didn't have a car with me - otherwise I wouldn't have got to sleep. By the way, this is nowhere near Wembley stadium or arena - you would be better off staying somewhere closer to town at double the price as it will take the same length of time getting there.The rooms were fine and the breakfast ok (although badly organised and my wife's cup was cracked and fork dirty). This could be a decent 3 star hotel, but appears to be very badly run. I wouldn't dream of coming back here.	
Nov 21 2009 	Gald several of us together as made it a good timeThanks to Kasabian!	DONT arrive to the nearest station Stonebridge Park late at night / Dark. The walk was lets say a little worrying as in a strange/maybe dodgy area. Booked this ldge as said Wembley! thinking near the Stadium/Arena but it's not. Got a 6 seater cab from the lodge for £12.00. worth every penny as got it back after the Gig as well. If you book to stay here make sure you get a room at the back of hotel as the noise of the road was really NOT good. My teenagers had the front of building and it was not acceptable, We however had a room at the back and it was fine. The room was very large and the linen and towels were all nice and clean,so this made the stay ok. The lounge area was friendly when we got back to the hotel with people sitting around drinking coffee and the bar was open till 1.00. The staff were friendly so this made it difficult to really complain about the front room,they had no other rooms left to change to. It was good value for us as had a deal £29.00 per room so felt ok. What this hotel needs is SUPER DOUBLE GLAZING!!!!	
Nov 2 2009 	Very poor hotel poorly located.	I have stayed at travelodges before and found them basic but satisfactory. This one, however is of very poor standard.Firstly, if you are visiting wembley arena or stadium and hoping to save on parking, dont be fooled: This hotel is not really in Wembley proper, and is a 1 hour walk through a rather frightening area, or else two bus rides (92 and 112) and a short but just as frightening walk away. Secondly, the hotel is generally tatty, with desk staff who were abrupt and unhelpful. On arriving in our rooom, we went to close the windows because of the roar of traffic noise from the north circular road outside, only to realise that the windows were in fact already closed.For the cost of parking at wembley stadium, you may as well spend a little more and spend the night at the Premiere Inn next to Wembley Park Tube station. Thats what we did, and we were far more impressed. It's the first time I have ever checked out of a hotel I have paid for, before spending more than even half an hour in my room.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent value for good standard accommodation	We stayed here on a £19 Travelodge special offer and were very impressed with the room and the value. We asked for a room at the rear of the building on a high floor and noticed very little road noise. We did not use the restaurant, but took oiur own breakfast. At £5 a day the parking was excellent value for London. We used the hotel as a base for visiting central London. It was an easy 15 minute walk from Hangar Lane Station and the same distance from the number 18 bus (from the Harrow Road near Stonebridge Park) which goes all the way to Baker Street and to Euston. The room was recently decorated, the shower was great and the staff were polite and helpful. We will use this hotel again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Think twice before staying here!	Booked one night here for myself and my daughter after the Coldplay concert at Wembley, unfortunately I had booked before looking at the reviews here.The location although only a 5 minute drive to the stadium is horrendous being on the North Circular in the middle of an old industrial estate. Double glazing should mean a reasonable nights sleep in the front rooms until you spot the gaps around the window which means the noise changes to that of a jet taking off, luckily my daughters room at the back meant she at least got a decent nights sleep.Reception staff were ok and the room was of a reasonable standard if a litle 'tired'.The disappointing breakfast confirmed why most travelodges don't do food - cold undercooked bacon, no sausages, cold scrambled egg, cold beans, cold tomatoes and cold mushrooms don't really satisfy my breakfast requirements. Two domestic 2-slot toasters meant a longish wait while you made your own toast (but at least it was hot!) washed down by a decent cup of coffee, sorry I forgot the coffee machine wasn't working, so you had to make yourself a cup of Nescafe.In conclusion the worst travelodge I have experienced	
Sep 2 2009 	don't stay here!!!	upon arrival the shocking site of car window glass on the car park floor should have set alarm bells ringing in my head. it was everywhere, i didn't personally have my car burgled but one of the guys on the site i worked on did have an ipod and a leather jacket stolen the day after i stayed. i booked the hotel thru the website on which fairplay it did warn me of the sleepless night i faced. the noise was so unbearable i couldn't sleep with the window shut because it was so so hot and when i opened it the noise was incredible. the food was dry and obviously cooked in a microwave. i had a cheeseburger and by the time i'd eaten half it was so hard it sounded rock like a bit of charcoal when i dropped it on the plate. to be honest i've never written a hotel review before but i felt i had to do it about this particular one. it was terrible. please don't put yourself thru this.	
Sep 2 2009 	one of the worst hotels i've stayed in in london	after paying £49 for the room i expected it to be reasonably nice. but it was in fact truly awful. there were 5 holes in the walls which made me nervous that the people could see me from the next room it smelt like somebody had wet the bed so i asked for a different room and the staff were extremely rude and queried why i'd had a shower and 'dirtied' the room and thought it was unreasonable because they couldn't give the room to somebody even tho they only had to change the towel. after much complaining and saying i'd ring head office they agreed. the next room was slightly better as it only had 4 holes in the wall and a sock over the smoke detector. lovely!!! i decided to stay and had food which came to around £10 it tasted awful and was inedible as the microchef had put it on for a few seconds too much. to top it off the noise from the dual carriageway next to the hotel is so loud i'd just as well slept on the crash barrier. NEVER AGAIN!!!! AVOID!!!!	
Aug 22 2009 	Brilliant	We stayed with our 2 boys 9 &amp; 8 for a week to use as a base for sight seeing in London and loved it. Service from all staff excellant, friendly and helpful. Room was like a suite, large sitting room with an archway leading to a double bedroom. Room cleaned daily and towels changed too.Food was lovely and good value as travelodge have just reduced their prices on food. No where really to compete in the vacinity with the exception of a ' bikers cafe ' 5 mins walk away which has a bike/car enthusiasts get together every evening. Although in a car crime blackspot no cars were broken into or damaged whilst we were there, even the one with a Man U scarf in the back window down for the Community Shield. Stonbridge Park Tube station is a 10 min walk away and easy to find, left out of the hotel and keep going, bikers cafe half way. From the tube 23 mins into central London. Only downside is on oneside of hotel is the North Circular road and the other a refridgeration depot, so can be a little noisy .	
Aug 18 2009 	Noisy and Tatty	Stayed at the Travelodge after seeing U2 at Wembley. The hotel is a good 30mins or so from the stadium through a not-very-nice area. Easy to find and pleasant enough staff but the local area was pretty industrial.Room was a fair enough size and cleanish however the carpet was badly stained, one bedside lamp was missing completely as was the shade for the wall light. The TV remote was a health hazard on its own. The worst thing of all is the incredible noise. We had asked for a room at the back of the hotel to avoid the A406 North Circular but, even with the windows closed, there was excessive noise ALL night from the refrigerators at the Halal meat business directly behind the hotel.We had breakfast which was ok though there was no bacon and the sausages were merely fat mixed with bread but the scrambled eggs were fine.Overall it was ok value for money (depite it only cosing £29 + £12 for 2 breakfasts) but the lack of sleep meant I have to mark this hotel as poor.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Value For Money	Stayed here for 3 nights in August was a bit worried reading some terrible reviews but after checking in we found this Travelodge as good as ones we have stopped in before .Our room was excellent with clean sheets and fluffy towels the location was 10 min walk to tube then 30 mins to central London.Walking back at night we never felt threatened even after 11.00p.m.Good breakfast in Ace Cafe.I think the bad reports of this Travelodge are unfounded and would stop here again!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Not Impressed!	We stayed at this hotel simply because it was the cheapest in this area. The hotel is situated next to a dual carriageway , so it is noisy throughout the day. There is not much ventillation in the room. Even if you open the window , the noise level is so high that it's difficult to sleep.The room was clean and ok. Some of the lights were not working and impossible to read at night. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jul 28 2009	Clean pleasant and friendly hotel	We booked this hotel as we needed somewhere to stay over after watching a football match at Wembley stadium. We thought the £60 price for our room was quite reasonable compared to prices of other hotels in the area and bearing in mind there was a major sporting event on.The staff were pleasant and helpful on our arrival and our room was well presented and very comfy. Yes its situated on a busy and noisy main road but this is stated quite clearly when booking on their website.I noticed a comment about no warning of car break ins, although we didnt go by car, on the entrance gate there is a warning sign about car crime being high in this area.Although breakfast is a little pricey at £7.50 it is an all you can eat buffet where you can go back and help yourself to as much as you want.My only complaint is that the Travelodge website states that Hanger Lane is the nearest tube station when in fact Stonebridge Park is the nearest, we got off the tube at Hanger Lane and the directions from the station to the hotel were awful, the streets in that area aren't clearly signed and we ended up walking round for an hour in overhead thunderstorms looking for the hotel before eventually flagging down a cab to take us there. If we'd have known Stonebridge Park was the nearest tube it would have made life so much easier.....yes its a 10-15 min walk but thats nothing!I think the hotel is very nice though and very well priced, I would definately stay there again.	
Jul 27 2009 	I used public transport and had no problems but would maybe stay more central next time.	I had booked this hotel for me and my family for a week, thinking Wembley would be a decent area. Then I read the reviews on here and thought what have i done!! As I came from Scotland I took the train down rather than drive. I bought a 7 day travelcard for my wife and I £30 each but great value (zones 1-3). 7 days worth child-rate Off-Peak Day Travelcards @ £1 each for my 13 year old and my 10 year old goes free.check www.tfl.gov.uk great for directions &amp; tickets.anyhow with these you can use overground,underground in your zones &amp; buses in any zone in Greater London.So when we were going to the hotel and one time @ 11.30PM we went to Hanger Lane and caught the 112 bus which stops at the door of the hotel. In the morning going into London as we were walking a lot we got the 112 at the hotel door to Stone bridge Park and the Tube into London. all trips were included in travel card (wembley stadium is in zone 4 but if you can get a bus should be fine)As for the hotel it is a Travelodge!! a bit grubby our room was cleaned every day towels changed etc. Staff were friendly and helpful, I did request a fan as it was hot &amp; got one no problem we had breakfast every day to save looking in the mornings paid in advance (£6.50 I think )kids ate free choice of Yoghurts, cereals, Toast, Croissants and some cooked stuff bacon, sasuges etc , juices , tea &amp; coffee. As I had read on here there was a lack of pillows I took those small blue inflateable travel pillows.So overall not as bad as some of the reviews made out but personal taste i expect. I would stay here again if for wembley no problem but would try a more central hotel first just for the travelling in and out about 30-40 mins but on 2 good lines. But I did not take a car so cannot comment on the car park situation	
Jul 20 2009 	I am glad i decided to not take my car but hotel is ok	I initially booked the hotel as i had planned to drive and was looking for a bargain place to stay, travelodges generally seem to be very good value for money!! But on looking at reviews after booked, wish i had looked before or not at all as i was really worried but i decided actually train would be safer as it seems to be a hot spot for car thefts and hotel takes no responsibility for it. I would say the hotel was ok, it was clean, staff helpful and friendly, it was hot and was a bit noisy if you are a light sleeper you would have trouble sleeping. As for location i dont think its quite as bad as people make out, yes there are &quot;scary looking bridges&quot; but its always so busy when we came back at midnight i felt fairly safe, as safe as anyone could feel walking around anywhere at that time and i would say it was only a 10 min walk to the tube station then a further 30 minutes into central london. But in my whole time there i saw no gangs and no hooded men. Over all it is ok for a cheap base, if you have already booked in dont worry to much and think about the money you have saved in staying in this hotel. I dont personally think i would go back but thats because i didnt realise it would take so long to get into Central London and i'd prefer to be more in the centre of it in future which is why i wouldnt recommened this hotel to a friend	
Jul 12 2009 	Don't stay here thief city carpark!	Approx 9 cars broken into and gutted, personal possesions stolen, blood from the dirty scums left in your car!Un-helpful staff, manager nowhere to be seen. Police having problems with this hotel as this is an on going thing, autoglass is the main customer to this carpark! You pay £5.00 to park here and paying to have dirty scumbags smashing your car in and put a total dampner on what was a quality night!please don't stay here if you can help it.Would never recommend to anyone, nothing about this hotel was good!	
Jul 12 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE.....RUBBISH	We booked up to stay at the Wembley travelodge for the Oasis concert at wembley stadium, When we returned one of our friends had had their car broken into and a purse and sat-nav taken, we'd all left our gear in the cars as we couldnt check in early enough!When we got up in the Morning Our car had been done too along with seven others!!!Its madness down there the guy working in the Travelodge seemed amused by this???Supposed to be a secure car park yet gates were left open all night, some even suggested it was an inside job!Some has mentioned the heat in the rooms, it really is bad, bordering on unbearable!!!I have the hotel booked for a Kasabian gig in November, I would rather lose my money and stay somewhere else!!!Avoid at all costs!!!!!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Do Not Use The Car Park!	16 of us stayed at the travelodge as we were all going to a concert at Wembley Stadium, between us we left 5 cars in the car park, 4 of which were broken in to.One of the cars had already been broken in to when we returned from the concert and the other 4 were done sometime between 1am and 7am. There were at least 7 cars broken in to that night alone! Nothing was left on show in any of the cars.The actual hotel was okay though.	
Jul 11 2009 	It's the pits!	Stayed here with some work colleagues while visiting one of our offices but what a pit. Paid $160 for two nights and that did not include breakfast which was an extra £7.50 and not great food. Luke warm and the scrambled egg was yuk.Was billed three seperate amounts for the same round of drinks. Always ran out of ice about 10.30 every night and would not supply any more and had no lemon orlime for drinks. Basics for a bar but very difficult for this lot.The whole hotel was tired and very noisey. Carpets were filthy and my room stank as it had not been aired. Wndow only opened about 2 inches and as I was at the back of the hotel was, was woken by trucks reversing at nearby depot. Front of hotel was worse. Noise from the road was terrible as it is a main trunk road.Don't take your car there either. Complaints of cars being broken into. Nearest tube is Hangers lane, about a 15min walk or an £8 taxi ride. Taxi's round there are a rip off and have no meters.To get into central London will take about 30-40 mins on tube.Taking into account what I paid for room and breakfast, I could of stayed at the Crowne Plaza, closer to tube station for the same price. They say, you get what you pay for. well, I paid 3-4* price for a 1* pit.Don't go there unless you are desperate for a place that is near Wembley.	
Jul 9 2009 	AMAZING VALUE BUT MAROONED!	I was over the moon when I was able to book a room in London for £29.Nothing comes even near the value.The hotel is the normal Travelodge set up,but is a bit shabby round the edges,The Travelodge is situated in an industrial area with a meat packing plant opposite.The room and shower were great,and despite the area you feel you are getting a bargain.The north circular road is very noisy,but I slept soundly after a busy day in London.The lack of views and industry, is not a problem,but the area is!.We did not bring a car,so had to run the gauntlet from the near by tube station.Stonebridge Park station is 15 mins good walk.In the day this place is a bargain to acesss London from.At night it is terrifying!.You have to walk under bridges and subways,full of broken glass and rubbish.Overall this is an absolute bargain place,excellent for a one night crash after an event in London.If I could solve the problem of being marooned in a getto,I would go back time after time.It costs £5 to park your car in a caged area,even then they get constant break ins!.Or you run the gauntlet against the hoodies!.If they had a shuttle bus to the tube I would go back constantly.Overall excellent value for the room,but surrounded byconstant danger!.	
Jul 6 2009 	Terrible ! stay well clear ! ! !	Stayed as a base for myself , husband , daughter and mum for take that concert as travelled from Wirral ! &quot;What a hell hole &quot; what can i say but don't book this hotel ! ! ! !- massive queues to check in- broken vending machines- lack of pillows- broken plug sockets exposed wires !also the temperature in rooms was crazy, so hot that you could have been in egypt ! (no air con ) except in reception !everyone was complaining about this.also we were charged £5 to use hotel car park but not once told that cars were often broken into ! !(only discovered this when looking on trip advisor to see other peoples reviews !)we were soon to discover this as a reality following morning when 3 cars had their windows smashed to bits ! ! luckily ours was okbut i guess when security gates are left open 24/7 these things are more likely to happen crazy So no would not recommend nor ever stay againif you're going to Wembley for an event try &quot;the Ibis&quot; chain right outside.	
Jun 30 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful base to explore the capital!	We found this Travelodge to be a great base for exploring the City. Some of the reviews on here do not do the place justice at all. The lodge is located in Stonebridge Park which is an industrial area, some reviewers are quoting up to 30 minutes walk to the nearest station which is just not accurate at all. The walk to Stonebridge park is a mere 10 minutes and there you can join the Bakerloo line reaching Central London within 15 minutes. I recommend buying an adult travelcard from the station which costs around £5.50 and gives you unlimited travel throughout the tube network after 9.30am.The walk to the station isn't at all scary as some have reported, there is plenty of traffic running up and down the adjacent North Circular and we rarely saw anyone else walking the route let alone the mysterious gangs that have been reviewed on here!The hotel itself is clean and tidy. We didn't sample the restaurant preferring to eat whilst either out on our travels or at the fabulous Ace Cafe down the road (dont be put off by the reviewer who stated it was full of scary bikers! Its a biker cafe with a long long history but the locals are very friendly!) The Big Breakfast at the Ace is just that, and great value at around £6 with a cuppa as well!We didn't experience any problems with the car park, although signs on it did warn it was a car crime hotspot. Park in the view of a security camera!The hotel couldn't get us any extra pillows and we did have to ask 3 times for a fan in our impossibly hot room, but we did get one in the end.Had I read some of the reviews on here before I went I think I would have been dreading my trip. Some paint a very inaccurate picture of the hotel and its location. All in all this is a great base to explore from!	
Jun 23 2009 	Very Very disapointed!!!	Ive stayed in travel lodge hotels... and i must say, for what you pay... u really get a good deal... But this one... NO!!! I've never stayed anywhere like it... it was awful... the shower head was broken and we had to use a towel to try and tie it up around the bar to hold it up... we had 1 pillow each... well if you can call them pillows... they were about as thin as the sheet itself... the window didn't shut properly... which is a major problem when sleeping next to a busy motorway... have these people not herd of thicker glass to shut out the noise... and the worst part about the hotel for me... was the heat... the heat was unbearable, you couldnt have the window open as the traffic was to loud... and even if you left it open while you went out... it still had no effect... so we made a complaint... they gave us a fan... for a while this was good... but it soon wore off due to the fact it started to circulate the rest of the heat in the room round... so we asked for another 1... alot of good that 1 was as it didnt even work... i stayed in this hotel as i was going to wembley stadium... and the fact it stated the underground was a short little walk up the road... Yeah Right... try about 15 mins or abit more... down a run down street that if you was alone you wud probably get mugged or worse... once you got to the station it was about a half hour journey to just about anywhere in central london... as for the buses, they are neither use nor ornament... 4pound i paid to go to wembley central and the dropped me off a brent shopping center... even tho they said they was goin wembley... great now i was miles away from where i needed to be for a specific time... i wudnt recommend this hotel... not for ne one... not for ne thing... if they had aircon or summin it wud have maybe made the stay slightly better... but this hotel if very very poor......	
May 14 2009 	dont park your car outside .3 cars broken into in 1 night including ours	i wouldn.t reccomend parking outside this hotel.there were 3 cars broken into the 1 hight we stayed there .including ours .when i asker for a vacuum cleaner to clean up the glass i was given a brush and shovel.then they had the nerve to tell me they have a lot of cars broken into .	
May 11 2009 	Just about ok for Wembley not a lot else though...	I managed to book a family room at the Wembley Travelodge for one night this weekend to see the White Lies gig and also York City at Wembley in the FA Trophy Final against Stevenage Borough. Cost was just £29.I must admit reviews are patchy for this hotel and you can see why. On very early arrival (11.30am) we went into reception to inform them about our booking and to mention we had left our car on the car park. We had hoped for an early check in, but £10.00 extra from midday on a booking that only cost £29.00 seemed silly, so we headed to Central London and had a good afternoon sightseeing.On our return early evening, we checked in ok but were given no details of breakfast, car parking charges or basic information. Just a &quot;your room number is&quot; ticket and told where the lifts were. Ok, no problems, we needed a quick turnaround to get back out for the gig. Unfortunately when getting to our room we found we only had 2 pillows for 3 people. My Wife headed back down to reception where the staff were less than helpful, and only the quick thinking of a Chef of all people, managed to source two more pillows. Not ideal, 5 pillows between 3 people and very poor soft quality. I vowed to get some more later when we got back from the gig.The room itself was large, certainly for a Travelodge and I seem to remember this property used to be a Holiday Inn or HI Express. One real downside to the room is that Travelodge have obviously ripped out the old Holiday Inn beds (which were king sized it looks like) and replaced them with their standard Travelodge double bed. No real issues with that, except when you see where the light switches and bedside cabinets are located, it is practically impossible to reach them. Small detail and minor gripe maybe, but still not the best bit of renovation in my eyes. The sofa bed was ok, a bit grubby but my Brother didn't have any issues with it.The bathroom was fine, small but functional. The shower was pretty good to be honest but quite why there was no second part to the shower screen I do not know, which meant spray water went all over the bathroom floor. Still, it was better than average for a Travelodge.Location. Not good. The hotel is about ten minutes brisk walk to Stonebridge Park Underground Station (Bakerloo Line and then 30mins into London) up a quite unpleasant road which runs parallel to the A406 North Circular. We walked to the Underground and back twice in one day and although during the day it was quite busy and there were a few people about, come the late evening it was very quiet and very dark. We were a group of three people so didn't feel particularly at risk, but in no way would I recommend that walk to a solo traveller late in the evening. It is also worth pointing out that we saw one car that had been broken into (brick through window) and also glass scattered in various parts where no doubt other cars had been broken into. This also applies to the free car parking on the road right outside the Travelodge, where just a few short steps from reception glass was everywhere. Park in the Travelodge car park and pay the fee, it will be worth it.The main purpose of our stay was the FA Trophy Final at Wembley and why we booked this hotel. The walk to Wembley took about 40mins (up the same road, past Stonebridge Park and then up Harrow Road). It was daylight and it is not a bad walk to be honest, but there are much closer hotels to Wembley itself. If you can get a £19 or £29 deal it would be fine, but don't pay anything like the normal rack rate if Wembley is your main reason for staying.As others have pointed out there are no real options for food or drink around the area. The &quot;world famous&quot; Ace Cafe is about 5mins walk from the hotel (on the same road I mentioned earlier) but I wouldn't recommend this unless you are into bikes and lots of revving of engines. Get past that and the food might be an option, but there were 50+ bikers hanging around and it didn't look that welcoming to us. There is a garage across the A406 (right opposite the Ace Cafe) which you could probably walk to at a push (not far away, but busy roads) and after Stonebridge Park you get to Harrow Road where there is an Irish pub and lots of shops. Nothing special though.Breakfast is £7.50 and is a help yourself buffet which I must admit was quite impressive. Plenty of hot and cold options and always kept filled up by the far better morning staff.Parking is £5 per 24 hours I think. I wouldn't know for sure because we were not informed at check in and basically had free car parking because they leave the out gate open at most times (great security). Signs around the hotel indicate thieves work in the area and not to leave anything visible in the car. I think this is sound advice, especially as none of the security features of the hotel seemed to be in use during our stay (front gate key entry, car park gate as mentioned).Oh, I almost forgot the extra pillows. Arrived back at 11pm on Friday night and requested two more pillows to make it two pillows each in a family room only to be told they had run out. Great.Overall, 2 may seem a bit harsh. I would say our experience was somewhere between a 2 and 3. Pricewise it was a good deal and breakfast was excellent, but you have to take into account the slack evening staff, poor overall location (just about ok for Wembley, but no way Central London) and the room renovations which leave you having to get out of bed to switch a bedside light off!!!I won't be returning (try the Ibis for Wembley) and I won't be recommending either BUT, at £19 or £29 it could still be suitable for some people. Lower your expectations and you might grab a bargain!!!	
Apr 4 2009 	Decent hotel for a cheap price...	Me &amp; my partner stayed here in March for two nights... The hotel is very basic but decnt for the price. It is on a very busy main road so lots of road noise at night. Is also quite a trek to the tube/station and on top of that a pretty long journey into central london. It took us about 25 mins to walk to the nearest supermarket. I would not reccomend this hotel for anything other than a place to crash after a night out or a concert at wembley. its deffo not a relaxing/romantic hotel!	
Mar 20 2009 	What are the other reviews complaining about	Stayed 13th to 15th March on a nine pound a night deal. Checkin very efficient. Room clean but very, very noisy problem solved when we bought ear plugs ( £1.69 boots). Breakfast good value cause kids eat free. Walk to station takes 10 minutes and area fine to walk through in day time don't understand what other reviews are on about, however like many areas in the UK wouldn't walk around after dark.	
Feb 28 2009 	Ok but too far from London	I stayed in this Travelodge for 2 nights in a Twin room on 20th, 21st February 2009. The Travelodge in itself is perfect, clean, warm and welcoming with efficient staff. Check in was a breeze as with all Travelodges in the UK. Bar Cafe fine, despite what everyone else appears to be saying on here - Only took 10 minutes for meals to be brought to the table from ordering. Always had a wide selection of drinks available.The only downside is the area, certainly not the kind of place you want to be walking on your own after nightfall. I would avoid walking to Stonebridge Park station at any time of the day, due to the large amount of &quot;gangs&quot; which appear to hang around under the railway bridges. If you must travel around after nightfall, I recommend getting the 112 bus to either Stonebridge Park station or walk under the subway to the opposite side of the road and get the 112 bus to Hanger Lane Station (Best option in my opinion, Central Line train direct to Tottenham Court Road!).No problem with the noise of the North Circular even though my room was facing it - Simply closed the windows and the curtains and had no problems at all! - Even sleeping right next to the window!Great wifi signal even on the 7th floor which makes a change from most Travelodges.This hotel in my opinion is too far to travel into central London every day, for that reason I will not go back.	
Jan 25 2009 	Awful Awful Awful	Situated alongside the North Circular 'raceway' that means you won't get much sleep or - if you're unfortunate like me - none at all because you're next to the lift shaft that goes non-stop. The rooms are, as others say, unusually large for a Travelodge - but that's where the praise ends. The window didn't shut properly, the extractor fan didn't work, the flush on the toilet was like spitting at a rottweiler. The Cafe-Bar was neither a cafe nor a bar. It had just three main courses on offer of the eight on the standard menu, with the five - shall we say - 'land based meat' options oddly all unavailable. The Bar had the first four choices of drink out of stock to the point they couldn't even charge me £2.90 for the advertised 440ml can (yes, can) of Strongbow that would have cost 60p from a supermarket.Most people would book this hotel to go to Wembley Stadium/Arena as I did. I'll echo the advice of others to be wary of the night. Leaving the Travelodge on foot there is about a third of a mile of abandoned buildings that have waste, graffiti, and broken windows. At night, roving groups of hoodies wander round with their faces hidden. You'll be OK in a group, as I was, otherwise spend the tenner on a taxi just for your own sanity.Having said that, with the lack of options available at the hotel, we ventured onwards very early to find food and drink. The Ace Cafe, about 1/3mile further along the road towards the stadium, is fantastic. Realistically priced good - simple - food. We also picked out a small family run Irish bar further on the route to the stadium. I forget the name, but we spent six hours in there happily and at very reasonable prices.I expect one thing of a Travelodge, being a budget hotel, and that is of a decent night's sleep. I've been in Travelodges all over the country and had fine nights on the side of usually deafening motorways. This one failed badly, on both nights. Even on the discounted price I had the room for it was poor value.Better soundproofing, and better management, would do this place no harm. But I'd guess - from the look of the surroundings - the whole place is scheduled for demolition and it's not worth them spending the money. I'd advise you not to spend yours either.	
Jan 6 2009 	Terrible location cheap big rooms	This is an OKish Travellodge, with big cheap rooms in a terrible location. If you book some time in advance, the £29 rooms are a bargain: even better if you snag one of the &quot;family rooms&quot; as these are a lot lot bigger, with a nice big sofa that converts into a bed. Heating is just from one small electric heater screwed to the wall: normally this is fine, but in a very cold snap - such as when I was there - I was glad of the extra duvet. Wifi is £5 an hour.The rooms however lack a fridge or a phone. They do have a kettle, tea and coffee, and a TV with the 5 basic UK channels plus the BBC News Channel, and 4 BBC Radio stations. The bathroom is basic, but functional. It could be cleaner - and I was concerned that some of the switches seemed to be held on by tape - but if you pay such a cheap rate, I guess that's the deal.There are two real issues with this place. The first is noise: the hotel is right by the busiest main road in North London, the North Circular. Rooms at the front suffer. While at the back, it faces an industrial estate and waste processing plant, which fires up about 7am. You're not going to sleep in.The location is also dreadful if you aren't in a car (car parking is £5, or free on the road outside). The hotel is located in a kind of no-mans-land, beside lots of factories. It's either half hour walk to Hanger Lane Underground station, or 15 minutes walk (turn left outside the hotel) to Stonebridge Park Tube, on the Bakerloo line. There are no restaurants or bars near the hotel, except the Ace Cafe (5 minutes, left from the hotel) which serves great breakfast, and with cheap beer in the evening.	
Sep 16 2008 	Would Go Back Again. : )	Stayed in this hotel for a night with my boyfriend as we had Madonna tickets on september 11th,,check in was quick and the staff was very friendly and efficient,our room was 109 on the 1st floor,and it was clean and tidy so no problems there,there was no phone on the room so if we wanted to order something we had to go down to reception(receptionist told us about it when we checked in so we were ok with it and we didnt really needed the phone anyway). We went down to get some drinks before the big concert, drinks seemed alright ( not overpriced at all) standard i would say),Reception and bar are joined which means that the person that is serving you might be the receptionist that checked you in.( i could see they were very hard working these people so my congratz to them). Came back and went straight to bed, unfortunatly we were on the front part of the hotel wich means we were facing the busy road , and even with double glazed windows i could not go to sleep for a long time( its very busy road day and night everytime), And apart from that was a good stay , and would probably go back at this hotel for future concerts, but would ask for a room at the back or i wont stay as i really like my sleep........ The Stadium is about 20 minutes walk i would say..... hope this helps.	
Sep 1 2008 	Never again!!	Well what can I say! If you are looking for a hotel that you can get to sleep in, THIS IS NOT the one. Stayed here with 2 adults and an 8yr old booked, as close to tube station ideal for getting into central London. When we checked in reception staff were ok, on getting out of the lift all the signs of what was to come were there, the smell that met us was not very pleasant, on opening the room door the noise struck you straight away, hotel is on one of the busiest roads in London. Asked to move was told this would not be possible as hotel full, the workman standing beside me at reception very kindly gave us 2 pairs of ear plugs, saying he always carries them when staying here, just in case. Rooms were obviously available as people were still checking in 3hrs after our arrival. After a very noisy night with no sleep had by all, went back to reception and asked to move or we were leaving, amazingly a room at the back of hotel became free. While we were out our stuff was moved, this was appreciated. This room was a little quieter until 6am when noise starts on estate at back of hotel. The rooms were very basic which we expected but were in dire need of a lick of paint, in both rooms bedside lights did not work, in one there was a large hole in the middle of bathroom which looked like it had been punched. Did not eat in the hotel, had a look and tables were dirty so decided to eat out. This hotel could do with a good clean and some double glazing. YES its a budget hotel, but we would not stay here again if it was free!	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Price - VERY Noisy - OK	We stayed here for 3 nights (arriving for England Football match at Wembley on August 20th).First night (the 20th) was £49, 2nd was £39 and last was just £29 - in all about half the price of others nearer London.Arrived at Stonebridge Park Rail Stn ( a few tube stops from Paddington). The hotel is a 15 minute walk away from the station, which gets a bit tiring after walking around London all day.The area isnt the best but we walked back to the hotel as late as 2am and didnt have any problems - we only passed 1 or 2 people at most (near the Bikers Cafe), and there are LOTS of passing cars.We hadnt read these reviews so werent aware just how bad the noise is in the hotel - it was deafening even at 2am with the windows closed (we had 1st floor room at front).The room was very clean but the sink took forever to drain and the toilet flush was awkward to use. The heat was unbearable and notices informing us fans were available would have helped. You also need to borrow hair-dryer from reception ans were given 30min limit.The breakfast (all you can eat £7.50) was fine but they clear it all away at exactly 10am (11am weekend) even if people are still there or purchased the breakfast just minutes before.Our key card had to be re-configured every night which was a pain.Would we use this hotel again? - we would probably look to stay in a Travelodge in the City and pay more (upto £59 / night), but would rebook this hotel at max £39 if prices were too high elsewhere.	
Aug 12 2008 	A Couple of Problems But Worth The Visit	We stayed at the Travelodge Wembley for the Community Shield this weekend and found it not too bad. The main problem we had was that we were on 1st floor at the front of the hotel and it was absolutely sweltering. The second you open the window you're hit with a wall of noise from the North Circular. The room really is unbearably hot to the point that I ended up getting up during the night. On the plus side though we walked to Wembley for the game which took about 30-40 minutes (despite being told by reception that it wasn't walkable and the directions would be too difficult to explain - erm turn left out of hotel to next major road junction and then turn left again - Wembley is on your right hand side ?!!) We had breakfast at Ace Cafe down the road which as most people have said was great. Plenty of food, good atmosphere and a bit different to your standard hotel dining room. The area at night isn't the greatest - apart from nothing at all around the hotel the walk from the station is a touch intimidating and we did walk about rather quicker than we did on the way into London earlier in the evening!! All in all it was fine for what we paid - £19 first night and £29 second.	
Jul 26 2008 	great hotel great value	We had to stay in London for a few nights as my husband had to attend a works assessment near Wembley. The hotel was an obvious option as was within walking distance. A little concerned after reading the reviews prior to our visit as we have an 8 year old too. HOWEVER!! I feel I MUST tell you what a good deal it was and how pleasantly surprised we were - i imagined something much worse. I did take note of booking rooms at the back and am glad we did, due to the noise at the front. We had to book 2 rooms as the family room wasn't available but we did manage to get a 'super saver' on both the rooms so 3 nights in london cost us under £60 for all of us - couldn't complain. we wanted the rooms next to each other and the staff couldn't have been more helpful to accommodate us. We ended up at the back, on the 7th floor which is the place to be! Rooms were exceptionally clean, extremely quiet and well furnished and the showers powerful. We were there when the outside temperature was 28 degrees &amp; the staff provided fans as the rooms ARE warm, but at the back, no noise probs if you want to leave the window open at night. The walk to the station (Stonebridge) is 15 mins (even with an 8 year old!), alongside the North Circular: not attractive but certainly not threatening in day light. We used the hotel restaurant each evening and the menu was varied with the service speedy and very friendly.. Breakfast is £7.50 per adult and is perfectly adequate and kids eat free - BRILLIANT idea!! We saw many families at the hotel and we all agreed that having the restaurant on site was a bonus. The area is air con and airy with a tv tuned in to BBC news with lounge area too - great to wind down at the end of the day and have a beer without worrying about getting back in the dark. Must admit, we weren't out after dark, so unsure of safety aspect which people seem to mention. All in all, we were really happy with our stay there. We travel a lot and it has to be one of the cleanest we have stayed in: perhaps we were lucky with our room allocation?? if so, rooms 716 and 718 are fine!! We would use again if we had to: certainly OK for the price we paid and fine for a few nights. Location it doesn't have, but value for money, friendly staff and good food, it does.	
Jul 25 2008 	Good space terrible area!	This was good value-a family room for £29 a night. The room was spacious (even with 2 camp beds) and clean. The nearest rail staion was about a 10-15 minute walk, however it was through what looked like a dodgy area-I wouldn't have liked to have walked the kids back past it in darkness. On arrival we got to the room to find that there were no children's beds ready &amp; we had to wait for soem to arrive,along with the bedding-not ideal for 2 small sleepy children after a long day! We were lucky, having a room at the back, but it was very hot and still pretty noisy if you opened the window at night (industry noise).Breakfast was adequate, but it was the same each morning and the cooked option was warm rather than hot. They also ran out of stuff at times (no milk on our first morning &amp; a bit of a delay whilst someone went to buy more).We thought there was a problem with the extractor fan in the bathroom, only to be told there wasn't an electrical one,hence all bad smells just stayed in the room and floated out into the bedroom-not ideal when there's a family of 4!I'd use a travelodge again, but definitely not this one, mainly because of the location! Staff were all polite &amp; pleasant at all times and did attend to problems-but they could not always solve them.	
Jun 23 2008 	London on a shoe string - good value but sleep at the back!	My wife and I wanted somewhere cheap and close to London for a weekend break. We stayed here 2 years ago when it was the Premier Inn (obviously shanged hands since then). Travelodge has tidied it up a bit and put their own branding stamp on it but essentially it's the same hotel. Plus points: Cheap. £55 a room tops, book early enough and you can get a room here for £29 or less. £2.70 a pint of Carlsberg and cheaper than Central London bar prices. Plasma screen in bar showing mostly news &amp; sports. Comfortable. Close enough to Stonebridge Park tube station to get a Day Travelcard for £5.90. Ace Cafe 5 min walk down the road (where they film Fifth Gear) also cheap food &amp; drink and great if you're a petrol head to appreciate all the cars &amp; bikes that stop here. Friendly staff.Minus points: Noisy, at the front anyway. It sits just off the North Circular which has constant traffic passing 24/7. The rooms above the ground floor get very warm and there's no air con, so you have to open a window - which means getting a room at the BACK of the hotel. We made a mistake of getting a front room for the first night and were lucky enough to get moved across the hall for the second night. The mattresses aren't great but we're not paying Hilton or Marriott prices here are we? Not a great night's sleep but after a few cheap drinks, it's better than forking out over £200 to stay anywhere near the centre. Tip - If you don't want to pay the extortionate price of £5 per night to use the car park (money for old rope), there's free parking on the road outside the hotel. It's not a main road and hotel guests are constantly walking past so it's safe enough.If you want to stay here for an event in Wembley Stadium, book early and get to breakfast early. The staff mentioned that this place gets busier than cencus time in Bethlehem for any major event. Guess why?Enjoy London. We did!	
Jun 1 2008 	Truly Horrible Hotel	This place may well be cheap but it is far from cheerful. Set in an industrial area it is uninviting and with a little rain at midnight it wouldn't look out of place in Blade Runner. The staff were surly, the reception miserable and dirty, the whole place had a funny smell to it (more later) and it was far too warm and sticky.The room was large, the bedding clean, the carpet, walls and furniture dirty, the sofa bed a junk shop throw out. There was no air con, the room was too hot, the windows opened onto a seedy industrial area with a number of factories producing foul smelling food (hence the funny smell).The tube station is an unpleasant half hour walk along dirty streets and through smelly subways.Do yourself a favour, spend a little more and stay elsewhere.	
May 19 2008 	OK for Wembley Stadium	We stayed here for the FA cup final . Yes it is on a really busy road but not noisy in the rooms (maybe a problem in the summer when windows need to be open). The hotel is equidistant from Stonebridge Park (Bakerloo to Wembley Central) and Hanger Lane Central Line tubes but we walked it in 45 minutes (quite briskly) as Wembley Central is in any event a bit of a walk from the stadium. There's nothing nearby - just industrial estates so you either need to be prepared to walk 15 mins to the tubes or get a cab . Parking was ok and the breakfast also . Would stay there again if nothing else because after the game the coaches we walked past leaving the stadium had only just made it to the hotel 10 mins after we got there, and we were told the queues at Wembley Central take ages after a game and we would rather be walking than shuffling along a queue to go just one stop .	
May 9 2008	Fine for Wembley	Me and my boyfriend went to this travel lodge in March 2008. It was my first time in London and COULD NOT believe how big it was. It took us HOURS to get around and a while to find the hotel. We did arrive in London at 7am so we went to the sites, the london eye, etcccccc. We got the metro and then had a big walk.The check in time was not avalible until like 3 so we got there and The woman was rather rude at the front desk. We took the lift up to the room.The room was basic, TV, with basic channels, double bed, desk, kettle and tea/coffee making bits and bobs. The bathroom was fine until i got into the shower. I started having a shower and the water was not going away! it got rather worrying, you didn't exactly want the water to go all over the floor. The water was hot and nice but you had to hurry up so it wouldn't overflow! It gradually went down thankfully. Could not be bothered trying to complain, felt we would just grit our teeth and bare it. Bed was uncomfy once again. ONE PILLOW EACH. THAT STRESSES ME OUT.We went down to the eating area and I ordered spag bol and my boyfriend ordered a cheese burger. my spag bol was microwaved... and his burger was greasy but he eat it anyway. I however did not bother with the rest of my spag bol. it was horrible. The pasta had a slimey glaze on it and the meat was vile. We did not bother in that place again. The drinks were also expensive. a coke was like £2 ! The vending machines are also rather expensive too! But they do have toothbrushes in them in case you forgot. If you are going to Wembley Stadium/Arena it is more than likley someone else in the hotel is. We were going to see The Cure and there was a lot of people in the hotel going to see them too. So we headed down to the reception to book a taxi to get there. A couple overheard us asking for a taxi and said that we should just share to cut the coasts! Fantastic idea. The cab cost about £10 and there was 4 couples in the taxi so we hardly paid anything to get there.GET out the venue fast to get a taxi. The driver gave us a card to call afer the gig but we just saw one and jumped in. it cost £12. Oh well, worth it.Overall, for 2 nights, not so bad. Its on a very busy road so ask for a back room, we got a back room. Not a very good view, you can only just see wembley! The road up there was rather dirty and has a strange load of sofa shops and a chinese supermarket.Get a map, a tour book, and please remember its hard to find. Just get taxi, it will cost you.	
May 5 2008 	Pretty Poor Really....	Cheap I'd agree but also a bit cheap and nasty. Travelodge as a brand is all over the place - they just can't compare with the consistently-good Premier chain. Stayed there for a couple of nights this weekend and couldn't wait to leave this morning:a) Take ear plugs - the road is bloody busyb) Room pretty clean but bathroom seat was loose and looked like a dog had been chewing at it! c) There were guys smoking cannabis on my floor which was meant to be non-smokingd) Woke up at 3am this morning to the smell of cigarette smoke in my room e) Not a bad location - couple of tubes 15 minutes' walk each way down the road.f) Might never stay at Travelodge (except a brand new one) again - you just don't know what you are gonna get.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great value for money!	Booked this room in adavnced on net at £26 for a room for 2 for 1 night. Absolute bargain at £13 each! The room was spacious, powerful shower, tea/ coffee making facilities. The staff were helpful, anything we needed- extra towels or pillows, they gave us! We needed a hair dryer which we payed a refundable deposit of £10 for. The only downside was the noise from the traffic outside but you got used to it! We went to wembley for a concert which there are 2 tube stations near by (stonebridge park is about 10 min walk), also there is a bus stop right outside the traveldoge. All in all a great place 2 stay, you get what you pay for! Would definitly stop there again!	
Feb 7 2008 	Perfect for a cheap stop in London	I stopped in this hotel with my young daughter on a Sunday night after getting a special rate from their website.The room was small but clean with twin beds, a TV (no radio on it) and shower in the bathroom. Minor gripes - no shampoo or body wash oin the shower and my bedside light didn't work.A £5 car parking fee was charged, which I thought was a bit of a swizz – especially as everywhere in the car park exclaimed how it was a “car crime hotspot” and I would be lucky to wake up in the morning with my set of wheels!Breakfast was £7.50 but children under 10 each free with a paying adult. This worked out well with both my daughter and i stuffing ourselves so that we didn't even have to eat lunch. Word of Warning – the Travelodge is situated about halfway between 2 underground stations (Hanger’s Land and Stonebridge). It states that it is half mile to each – it is more - a big difference when you are walking to them on a hot day with a young child! (The area you walk through is a bit dodgy too). There is a bus that you can catch outside though that is well worth using. Overall, i was impressed and got good value for money. I wouldn't stay here for the full advertised price of £60 a night but for a special Travelodge rate of £26 - i would definitely stop again. What a bargain!	
Oct 27 2007 	Ok for what we wanted	Stayed at the hotel for 1 night during the October school holidays we booked two rooms at £26 each we wanted to take my Nephew and Neice to see the seights of London we choose the Wembly Travelodge as we didnt want to go into the centre of London with the car so thought this was ideal as tube station quite close by we arrived quite early in the morning and left our car in the car park and headed stright for the station which was a short walk up the road we spent all day in the city and arrived back quite late check in was a quick check in and staff very helpful especially when we found our video camara was missing they found us the number for the restaurant we thought wed keft it in and allowed us to use the reception phone we found the rooms to be clean and quiet to say there was a busy road just outside we left quite early the following morning and had our breakfast at the local asda so didnttry the bar cafe although the food did smell good	
Oct 5 2007	nice hotel and friendly staff	we stayed at the travel lodge in wembley for a show at the wembley arena, the hotel was nice and the staff were friendly, the hotel is located on a very busy road however the hotel has double glazing and it's pretty quiet inside. It's quite a walk to stonbridge park underground station but any fit healthy person can do it with no problem from there there are trains that go to wembley central and from there again its quite a walk to the arena but for £26 a room its great value and a good location!	
Sep 27 2007 	Nice Room	We stayed here for one night as we needed to visit one of London's hospitals. Booked twin bedded room GBP26 and breakfast 6.75 each which compares with 7.50 for breakfast if not pre-paid on the internet. Arrived at 3.30. Booking in was slow and while the receptionist's command of English was reasonable, she gave us the wrong room at first, mixing us up with other guests who had pre-booked. giving us twice as many breakfast vouchers as we had paid for. We decided to pay £5 for secure parking until we left the following late afternoon, in the hotel's gated and fenced car park I have seen previous comments about noise from the North Circular. Our room was on the first floor at the front but with the window closed the noise was not loud enough to stop us getting to sleep. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable.We had evening meals in the bar cafe. Of the five different paninis on the menu only one was available. Not a good omen. We ordered a mixed starter to share, which should have come with chilli and sour cream dips but arrived with no sour cream dip. When I queried this with the waitress I was cheerily told it was &quot;finished&quot;. We were too tired to argue/complain. The main meals were ok. We had no desert. In the morning after &quot;as much as you can eat&quot; buffet breakfast, clearing the room and packing the car, we walked to Stonebridge Park tube station and bought off peak one day travelcards for £5.70 each, so that we could use the tube, surface rail or buses to reach our destination in London and return to Stonebridge Park. We kept our room key card to enable us to exit the car park on our return. The hotel was ok for a one night stay but I doubt I would want to stay for any longer.	
Sep 24 2007	Not so great for Wembley Stadium!!!	Hotel itself is ok, clean and tidy, staff were very helpful and pleasant. The location however is not great! especially if you are looking to stay there to go to Wembley Stadium. We booked this hotel as it appeared to be easy to get to Wembley, it wasn`t! We walked for about 40 minutes to get to Hangar Lane station, when we got there, there was no tube to the stadium, we went into London and back out again! We decided to walk/catch a bus back after the match, we ended up walking for just over an hour, this was not a great idea as we were 2 females walking through some not very desirable areas of London!! not recommended. If we do decide to go to anymore matches/concerts at Wembley, we will pay the extra cash and stay somewhere nearer.	
Sep 19 2007 	Bed Bugs	We stayed two nights at the hotel this past weekend and found the hotel staff very friendly and approachable however the room and the overall standard of the hotel were appalling. Our room was located in the 4th floor and there was a pungent smell of fried garlic and onions, which we put down to guests eating take away in their rooms but it was so strong that it seemed someone had been cooking in one of the rooms. Our room was dusty and there was a patched hole in the wall. That night we slept badly but we put it down to tiredness and waking up early. On the second night we decided to go to bed around 22:30 to get some sleep but just after midnight we were woken up by children running up and down the corridor. After about 1/2 hour my partner decided to complain but the adult playing chase with the children reply was: &quot;it is her birthday&quot;. They did quiet down after 1 hour. By then we have noticed the reason we did not sleep well the night before were bed bugs!!. The receptionist was very sympathetic and offered a complimentary breakfast but by then I just wanted to leave the hotel to never come back again!!!!	
Aug 22 2007 	What value	Paid £26 a night for a family room - what can I say! Staff very helpful and polite. Bar and food extremely reasonable for a hotel, about £2.50 a pint. Furniture a little dated but room was very clean and bathroom generous. Would definitely recommend for a quick stopover only, as not much in the area around hotel.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great value for money	Some bad things said about this hotel but I work in London and live in the north so have stayed in several Travelodges including the highly rated London City Airport one, but I really prefer this one.As long as you ask for a room 'at the back' its nice and quiet. The hotel is not in a nice area and is a 10-15 min walk to Stonebridge Park. Yes, you will see grafitti and broken glass during your walk to and from the train station but I wouldnt call it dangeous. The the hotel seems secure, its cordened off with a metal fence and has a gate with a speaker to keep out the riff-raff.The staff are always courteous and friendly and I wouldnt hesitate to visit this hotel again and again.	
May 19 2007 	Good for business stays but...	I've just finished a month-long stay at this Travelodge (Mon-Fri each week) and hope you find this useful.I sometimes book into Travelodges as I'm a freelance journalist based on the south coast and need to stay somewhere reasonably cheap in London if I'm working there for a few days. In this case I was working in central London. The Wembley Travelodge is within about 15 minute's walk of Stonebridge Park tube station if you turn left when you leave the hotel and 15-20 mins of Hanger Lane tube station if you turn right. The former is on the Bakerloo line, the latter is on the Central.This hotel backs onto an industrial estate. During my month-long stay I asked for rooms facing it because the alternative is the North Circular - a very busy multi-lane road, day and night. I had a room facing it last summer and you can't leave your window open at night to cool off because of the noise. The industrial estate seems reasonably quiet at night.The area itself is pretty bleak. Let's face it, you won't be staying there for the views. I walked to and from the tube stations every day and sometimes returned quite late at night. I don't think the area's particularly rough (as in crime rates) but I'd have probably been nervous if I'd been a woman on my own.Now for the rooms. My first couple of weeks were uneventful. Large, clean ('family') rooms that I booked on the Travelodge website a few weeks in advance for £26. I see the regular rate is around £80-£90.But at 3am on the first night of my third week stay I awoke to find bed bugs on me, the bed and on the wall above the head board. I collected some up, went down to reception and the guy on the desk confirmed my identification. I was moved to another room on a different floor and the next day spoke to the manager who refunded my money for the rest of the week (I still have the receipt), but it was a pretty shocking experience. My biggest worry was that I'd taken some with me in my luggage and was going to take some home! So far so good.Later on that week someone set off the fire alarm at 4am, which I know can happen anywhere, but it didn't exactly help my mood. For some reason there was no hot water at all the following morning - apparently it was connected to the fire alarm incident.It left me wondering whether I should stay there for the final week, but I'd booked it in advance and couldn't arrange anything else at such short notice. In the event, I was given a room on the 7th (top) floor which seemed to have slightly more modern furnishings than the other floors' rooms. Incidentally, I think the hotel was refurb'd around two or three years ago. Despite this some furnishings are showing some wear and tear. The shower heads are particularly bad - very furred up with limescale in all the rooms I was in.The bed bugs have put me off using this Travelodge again. If you still decide to stay there I'd recommend asking for a room on the 7th floor and avoiding the 2nd floor (where I encountered them). I certainly wouldn't pay £90 to stay there though.	
Jan 7 2007 	Good value - shame about the area!	We booked this hotel through Infotel - although we didn't know what the area was like.The room was the usual Travelodge - basic but clean. The only drawback is the noise from the North Circular and that it's situated in an industrial area.The reception staff are very helpful and pointed us in the right direction for something to eat at lunchtime while we were waiting for our room as we arrived before 3pm. If you turn right out of the hotel and walk about 15 minutes, via two subways, there is a bar called Hunters - very good value for money (drinks are cheaper than the hotel bar) and the food was very good and lots of it - so much so we didn't need anything in the evening! A child friendly environment with some interesting Polish items on the menu. The barman did warn us that we shouldn't walk around the area or use the underground late at night - a taxi was a better idea.There are some other places to eat - Indian, fish &amp; chip/kebab shops etc.Overall not a bad stay - might return again.	
Aug 4 2006 	Fantastic bargain - area not too hot!!	We booked this hotel online and got a double room for GBP 26. We arrived at 2.30pm, and were able to check in early. (Have read a complaint mentioned in a previous posting about not being able to check in before 3pm; the booking confirmation states this VERY clearly!!)Anyway, the room was very nice - better than the usual Travelodge rooms. Shower room was spotless and brand new. The hotel bar was busy but still relaxed and friendly. Breakfast was £6.50 and well worth it - full english, cereal and drinks - all you can eat! There is ample parking onsite with CCTV priced at £5.00 per day. They have female only parking spaces for lone female travellers who can park in well lit spaces - excellent idea. The hotel ordered us a taxi to Wembley arena which cost £6.00 (went to see Madonna!) and it was less than a 10 minute ride away. Only negatives were that the room was quite warm and no A/C. However fans were available from reception. During the current heatwave I am sure that this is an issue in every hotel.The local area is pretty sparse too - the hotel is located on a busy main road. If sight seeing and pretty views are what you are looking for, then this perhaps is not the place you want.But for value for money and nr Wembley Arena/Stadium, this hotel cannot be beaten!!!!!!!!! (Going back to see Kylie in Jan!)	
Jul 21 2006 	Good for the money	I booked a room in this hotel on the Travelodge website, and as I booked in advance I got a Saver rate of 26 GB pounds for the room for the night. This was a double room for myself and my husband who works nearby, so I was meeting him after work.I arrived at about 4pm and decided to pay the £5 to use the hotel car park. I was very impressed to see Female only parking spaces right near the door of the hotel. I have never seen this before and think it is a great idea. My husband arrived after work and chose to park on the road outside for free. So, you do have a choice!!My only complaint really was that there was one lady in front of me in reception and I had to wait 15 minutes to be served. The receptionist didn't apologise for the wait which, to me, seems a bit rude.The room was clean and functional, if a bit hot. I requested a room at the back of the hotel (thanks to the tips I read here) and we had our window open at night. We could hear what sounded like a refrigerated warehouse all night but it didn't keep us awake.There is little in the area but if you have a car you are ok. We drove to a nearby leisure park where they had restaurants, cinema, bowling etc.We had breakfast in the morning and it was quite a good buffet for 6.50 considering you could eat and drink as much as you like.	
Jul 8 2006	Do yourself a favour and book in elsewhere...	I booked this hotel as it was nearby Wembley Conference Centre and the group I was travelling with had already booked it because of its proximity to the conference centre. I arrived at one in the afternoon and there wasn't a room available until three. Some of the group arrived the night before so I used their room to get ready for the function. On my return I booked in. Paid up beforehand, a bit unusual but you'd get over that.My room was facing noisy North Circular Road. There was no air-con in the rooms but you could help yourself to a fan in a room on the ground floor if you so wished. That evening the group gathered in the &quot;bar&quot; for a few drinks. The bar man announced the bar was closing in ten minutes. I ased for two pints of iced water and was asked was it for my room or the bar. Basically he wouldn't give me the glasses of water to bring to the room. Then I said I'd drink them in the bar, but he said he didn't think he had enough ice left.... There were about ten people in the bar and it was closing in ten minutes! One of the group went to get a couple of drinks and he told her the bar was closed, five minutes before his stated closing time. I began to wonder if this fella was looking to be given a few pounds or something to actually serve us!The following morning at breakfast I was confronted by the waiter who made a big deal about not getting a receipt for my breakfast. I paid for breakfast, got a token. Proceeded to give it to him and help myself to breakfast. He then followed me looking for a receipt. I wasn't given one. It was all just a bit like too much hard work. The hotel is in the middle of nowhere. If you've an event in Wembley, there's a tube right beside the arena/conference centre. I'd recommend getting the tube to a nicer area. If you do insist in staying in the area check out one of the other hotels, forget this one.	
Jun 16 2006	Nice hotel shame about the suburb	We arrived in London without booking (always a mistake!) and this was the one hotel that had vacancies. It's bright, clean and modern and the staff on reception were friendly and efficient. The room was very spacious and comfortable. We were at the back of the hotel and had no complaints about noise. The cleaning staff were courteous and thorough. The breakfast was the usual hotel buffet, but edible and the breakfast room was clean and airy. There were vending machines with alcohol, soft drinks and snacks in the lobby.The big negative is the location, in a dismal industrial area. There is NOTHING nearby, not even a corner store, so we were planning to stay only one night and try to find something closer. However when we discovered how fast and frequent the train service was from Stonebridge Park station (which is a 14 minute walk from the hotel, for an unfit 50-ish female), we stayed an extra two nights rather than brave inner London traffic with our hire car to find somewhere closer. The station is served by both Underground and surface trains so we were able to get into London quickly, cheaply and easily. Not a bad place to be, if you need to do business in that part of London.	
Apr 10 2006 	Still there and hanging in	I am currently staying in this Travelodge and will be until midsummer 2006 due to working reasons, I have been in this Hotel since Feb 06 almost every week night, I would say that the Hotel has a number of problems with Staff attitude at times and that it is slowly going down hill, the noise comes rooms facing towards the the North circular road way system, which is very busy highway, all ways request a room to the back the only view is a small industrial estate and view of Wembley Staduim.Also the Manager of this Motel/Hotel never seems to be around even though they say there is one? He has now taken to leaving a photo in each room advising customers to write in about their compliants, but I have not seen a reply back and I don't think I will see one either...	
Feb 15 2006	Amazing Room bad location	Travelodge wembley is entirely new and is being transformed from, what used to be, a holiday inn express. GOOD= facilities are very new, rooms are very big and comfortable, washroom/shower are huge/clean/well-equipped, very anonymous and out-of-your-face, comfortable bed, CHEAP only 26pounds if you book 7days in advance, rooms are impeccably clean, modern furniture, very wide hallways and good workign elevator. BAD=location is horrible, it's located in zone 5 off of Hangar Lane tube station followed by a 10 min bus ride and then a 10 minute walk, the hotel is also located off a main highway/road with tons of noise at night, the public transport bus which takes you to the tube station has very poor service that was not on schedule for us when we had to get towards the airport ASAP (we had to walk to the tube which took about 30mins) TIP= if you can, book a travelodge for the same price online at a more central location (26pounds 7 days b4 check in).	
Apr 29 2008 	Ma avuto un'esperienza così brutta !		
