Sep 29 2009 	Front desk	Front desk staff when checking in were wonderful as well as kitchen staff!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Tiny room dirty didn't feel safe	I have never had such a tiny hotel room in my life, and I travel for business frequently! My room was a twin bed pushed against the wall and a desk. There was barely enough room for my suitcase. When I checked in (late at night) and asked the clerk for directions, he told me not to talk to anyone on the street or ask anyone for directions! I only stayed one night, so can't really comment on anything other than the neighborhood feeling iffy (it is a couple of blocks from King's Cross, so very convenient for the train I had to catch first thing in the morning). The room didn't feel very clean, and it was the kind of place where I checked for bedbugs first thing (there weren't any). I also slept with the light on. You must pre-pay for internet access in blocks of hours, which isn't terribly convenient. There was a sign on the bathroom sink illustrating &quot;don't drink the tap water&quot;. I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I feel like for what I paid I should have gotten a little better.	
Apr 29 2009 	Didn't honour a confirmed prepaid booking. DIDN'T REFUND. LEFT STRANDED!	We had a confirmed prepaid booking and when we arrived cold and tired after a long journey at 2200hrs we were informed they were full and couldn't find our booking. After waiting around for nearly 40 mins it transpired that they had mistakenly made the booking for the following night. I had the confirmation with me which showed we were there on the correct night. The young man suggested we go to the other Comfort Inn around the corner but they couldn't/wouldn't transfer the payment, so we had to pay again for the same night's accommodation. I was assured that our credit card would be refunded as we had to leave early in the morning on the Eurostar.I returned 3 weeks later to see the same young man and he once again assured me that my credit card would be refunded but he did not have the authority to do so. I was told to return the next day when someone would have the authority.When I returned the next morning the person in charge knew nothing about it and was very defensive when I became frustrated and angry with their complete lack of customer service. I still do not have a refund.Be aware that this can happen to you.	
Apr 2 2009 	A great budget choice	Stayed here for 2 nights with my 2 teenage daughters.Reception staff friendly and efficient. We were able to use the luggage store on arrival and again on the day of departure, which saves paying £8 per bag at King's CrossThe suite was clean and fairly spacious. One room with a double and a single and the other room with a single, also a sofa bed and a little kitchen area with a fridge and microwave. The shower room was tiny, but adequate as you are not paying Ritz prices! The shower was rather weak and the water lukewarm, but it wasn't awful.Breakfast was fine, I don't know what the other reviewers were expecting for the price. There was a machine dispensing coffee, hot chocolate etc, another one for juice, as well as bread for making toast, croissants, Danish pastries, rolls, cereal, cheese, hard boiled eggs and apples.I would definitely stay here again as it is an excellent budget choice.	
Mar 12 2009 	Really nice B and B	My partner and I went to London for a couple of nights for a break to see a show and Tina Turner in concert (after arriving, we found out tina had rescheduled - but never mind). The otel is a stone throw away from Kings Cross statikon. Staff are nice and friendly at reception. The room was a decent size, and spotless. Breakfast was nice everymorning. Maid cleaned the room in the day (which I wasnt expecting because we were only there for 2 nights, and you can come and go as you please. Its realy central, and only a few mins on the tube from Leicester Square, Picadilly etc. Id reccomend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 8 2008 	Good and Cheap	This facility is located within 2 blocks of Kings Cross and St Pancras stations and the tube. It is in a quiet residential section with lots of B&amp;B's. The staff was very helpful, directing us to the neighborhood pub, the laundromat and calling a cab which we needed very early in the morning. There is an elevator if steps are a problem. The price was less by calling Comfort Inn's US phone number than in the website. The room was clean and spacious, there was coffee/tea service in the room with little cookies to tide you over till you get to a nearby restaurant. It wasn't fancy, but with the exchange rate right now - clean was more important than fancy.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great if you love mildew	Our room was at the top of the hotel, and I guess somebody left a window open and the rug got wet... after being in the room about half an hour, the stench of mildew became overpowering. Paying about $300 US, for a room lacking a bedside light, free internet, but having a noisy street life, and stinky besides, leaves the space (good) and location about the only things to recommend this hotel. Payment policies made changes impossible, and the only alternative they could offer was a basement room with unsecured window. Not that the clerk appeared to care anyway. I love Bloomsbury, but won't come back here. Seriously not recommended.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great For the Price!!!	I stayed here for 2 nights and then came back for another 2 nights for the remainder time in London. I was just by my self and it did well just for me. The bed was a double but barely fit me(6ft 200lb) but hey its a bed. It was a cozy small room and for what i used it for, sleep and shower, it was perfect for the price. Staff was friendly and breakfast, well um like below, find another place like burger king or alike. You barely can hear the subway but thats what the bathroom exhaust fan is for to block out external noises. Close to everything and loved the 5 minute walk to underground or eurostar :)Only problem was a double charge on my card that was remedied.	
Jun 15 2008 	Plenty of Comfort at Kings	Stayed here night before going to Disneyland Paris and also stayed here for 2 nights after coming back from there.5 minute walk away from St Pancras. Easily accomodated my family of 5. We stayed in a suite which had 2 rooms. One with a double bed and the other with 2 singles. It also contained a double sofa bed. Plenty of room. A good safe which did not charge a fee. It had a lift so no lugging suitcases up the stairs.A little kitchen area which had a sink, microwave and fridge/freezer. Also had tea making facilities.Bathroom was in good condition. Shower was a bit tricky to get hot water but with patience I managed to get the right temperature.Breakfast was no good for us but there is burger king just down the road.It is hard to find a hotel which can take 5 people in &quot;one room&quot;. Definitely book with this hotel in the future.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great location and decent standard for the price	I booked this hotel on the recommendation of reviews on this website after searching for ages to find somewhere central and not too expensive. I was a bit wary that it would be a bad hotel, but I was very pleasantly surprised.At £115 it wasn't as cheap as I had hoped to find something for, but I'm well aware that anything under the £100 mark in central London is likely to have some six-legged inhabitants sharing your room. However, the room was big enough for me and my wife, and while the bathroom was small, we only stayed one night and just used it to shower, so it was fine. Everywhere was clean, there was hot water from the shower, and the staff were friendly and helpful. In terms of the location, you are less than 5 minutes walk away from King's Cross tube station, within easy reach of all central attractions.If you're in London just for the weekend and want somewhere to stay on a (relative) budget, you can't go wrong with this place.	
Jul 31 2007 	Nice affordable hotel in a convenient location	The Comfort Inn &amp; Suites is only about a block and a half from the Kings Cross train and underground stations. A few more blocks away in either direction are the Kings Cross Thameslink station and Euston station so the hotel is a great hub for day trips on multiple train lines or just using the tube. It's a good value for London.The hotel has some nice renovated features including the bathrooms. The rooms are can be small (I stayed in two different rooms on separate stays during the same week) but they are up to date as far as European hotels go and they are quite clean. The rooms had TVs and refrigerators. They even had air conditioning but make sure to ask for the remote control at the desk.I had a problem with my reservation but the staff was able to resolve the problem and adjust my rate. They may not be the warmest staff but they are efficient and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 16 2007 	comfort in the city	Just minutes away from the Kings cross/ St pancreas stations this Hotel is ideal. I even felt safe walking the neighbourhood late at night as a loan female, plenty of shops and eateries in the area.For a budget hotel I was very impressed, I had a very reasonably sized single suite . The ensuite bathroom had pump style toiletries and the water was warm, plentiful with a powerful large shower cubical. The suite had a very comfy bed, safe, tea and coffe facilities, Tv with good reception air con (I didnt use) and the bonus was the kitchen facilities sink, crockery, microwave and minifridge.The room was on the first floor and the hotel was extreamly quiet, no noise from inside or out.The room was also extreamley clean and modern. As a highly sensitive non smoker I sometimes find non smoking rooms have an odour of stale smoke covered by air freshner and this was NOT the case with this hotel.The breakfast room was small but again clean and the breakfast worker attentive without being intrusive. A selection of tea coffee and fruit juice with croissants toast jams and boiled eggs accompanied cerial, yogurt and tinned peaches on offer.Check in aqnd out was quick and efficient.i would highly reccommend this hotel and plan to use it again.	
May 21 2007 	Good value and worth a return visit	We spent a week at this hotel recently and found it to be perfectly adequate, although the experience in some ways was little like camping out. The room was large and comfortable, but count on purchasing such items as shampoo, tissues, dish-washing soap and wash cloths if you’re staying any length of time. No bath mats are provided for the shower, which is tricky to navigate and very slippery. Other reviewers have indicated an indifference on the part of the staff, my first impression as well; but I later found them to be helpful and friendly if asked. Nonetheless, these are not professional innkeepers, and they lack any real sense of service (with the exception of the young woman who cleaned and set out breakfast). Only when asked did we find out how to work the room lights, which require a room card be inserted into a special slot. No one could explain the heating/cooling system, operated by a remote device with indecipherable icons, and the desk clerk finally advised us get used to the set temperature. Nor could they explain the automated telephone message system, which also lacked printed instructions and which caused us to miss a couple of important messages. And it does seem odd, even for a small hotel, to have only one person on duty at any given time, day or night. I had the impression that if anything went wrong with the room we were on our own.Having said that, the hotel was a bargain by London standards, was clean, quiet and convenient. The neighborhood is interesting and obviously in the process of shaking off its bad reputation. The Camden Town Hall, with a tourist bureau, is at the end of the street and there are half a dozen pubs, small restaurants, ATM’s and Internet cafes within easy walking distance. King’s Cross St. Pancras station has a wealth of services available two blocks away. But stay on the main thoroughfares and avoid back streets at night: We witnessed one drug deal taking place just inside a nearby alley. I would stay here again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great for what it was	I found the hotel perfectly adequate. In London with my mother and sister to catch a couple of shows and take in some sightseeing, all we wanted was a place to sleep which was clean and warm, and this hotel certainly fulfilled those criteria. Having learned - to my own cost - that one cannot always rely on those qualities in one of the most expensive cities in the world, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel itself appears to have been converted from two townhouses in the recent past. Consequently, almost everything worked perfectly. Certainly there were no dripping taps, no limescale on sinks, no broken light fittings to be found on our visit.The suite was kitted out with a table, microwave, sink, and cutlery, so on the night that we simply could not face going out to eat, we were able to dine on supermarket fare. The light buffet breakfast may not suit those who rely on a hearty English breakfast, but I found it perfect. And while the woman on duty in the breakfast room was very obliging, the young men who staffed the front desk seemed a little more distracted. Overall, though, I found the hotel an excellent base if you want proximity to the Piccadilly Line, cleanliness and basic comfort.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great location.	Stayed for 1 night in suite 10 which wasn't too bad at all! The hotel is well located about 10 minutes walk away from Euston Station and only 5 minutes from Kings Cross Station. Underground lines provide excellent access to different parts of London from both Euston and Kings Cross. The Comfort Inn is located in a quiet street with lots of rather basic looking B &amp; B's. There was no road noise or &quot;people noise&quot; fromthe street. There were lots of fast food outlets 2-5 minutes away including Burger King, KFC and Macdonalds. There were also a number of Indian restaurants close by. There was an M &amp; S &quot;Simply Food&quot; in Kings Cross Train station.Check in was efficient, reception was very small but had an adequate supply of information and magazines.The suite was a reasonable sized room for London with a double bed, a settee, a small desk with lamp and tea and coffee and the real bonus a small kitchenette area.(see photos) 2 large windows look out onto the street, the window catches were a bit loose. There was a small self programmable safe which was easy to use.The kitchenette consisted of a small but efficient fridge, a microwave and a small sink. There were knives, forks and spoons for 4 and plates for 4. Basic but clean and adequate for heating up a &quot;ready meal&quot; type evening meal if you prefer to stay in and relax after a days sightseeing, which I did as I was by myselfThe shower room (no bath) was clean and ample towels were provided. Shower wash/shampoo and hand wash were provided in squeezy type dispensers.Breakfast was extremely basic in a tiny breakfast room. There were 3 juices, 3 cereals, do it yourself tea, coffee and toast, hard boiled eggs, croissants, cheese, fruit, yoghurt and preserves on offer. It was OK but nothing to get excited about!I would return here because of the location and the small but useful kitchenette facilities.	
Oct 11 2006 	Adequate	The room (suite) was large and good value for London. The room was clean and well furnished. The bathroom was spotlessly clean but the aroma reminded me somewhat of Venice. This may not be their fault. Notting Hill tube station was closed that day due to a sewage leak so I guess there could have been a general problem. The aircon was noisy and I had to turn it off at night. Kings Cross was not quite as bad at night as I had feared. Breakfast was entirely self-service (make your own tea, do your own toast) in a small room which included a sink where a member of staff washed the dishes as we eat. Her attire (long leather boots with heels) was perhaps better suited for the occupation for which Kings Cross is noted, rather than a hotel waitress. In conclusion an adequate basic, clean, budget hotel with good suites.	
Jun 27 2006	sub standard hotel - even for the price	We stayed only 1 night in this hotel which was chosen based on location - which is very convenient to Kings X station. It was an awful experience from the beginning. The person at the front desk would have much preferred to watch his television than let us in and was in no way welcoming or friendly. Our room was at the top of the hotel, the last floor not serviced by the lift. The room itself was attic style, roomy enough but in no way could be called a suite. Very very basic and unattractive, with small kitchenette and tiny bathroom - the only plus was the size of the room. Finding no toilet paper in the bathroom and not being able to get the aircon to work (it was a very warm evening) I went downstairs to ask the front desk person - the simple request for loo paper and how to use the aircon fairly swiftly became an argument. On being told quite rudely that there was a 5GBP deposit for the remote for the aircon I suggested it might have been helpful to tell us that as we checked in or to put it in the book in our room (I had checked) and when met with his increasing rudeness became quite angry with him. At one point he threatened to kick us out which really took it all to a new level of customer service - especially as we had already paid for the room. Breakfast the next morning was OK - but just that. Fortunately we did not see him again.Overall a horrid place in our view. Several weeks later we stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park based largely on reviews from this site and that was a totally different experience in every way - and for the same price.	
Jan 10 2006	Not Bad At All	After reading all reviews of budget hotels in the area and scared by the prospect of staying 10 days in a closet-sized room, we decided to try our luck with the only hotel that had not been reviewed yet but promised suites instead of rooms. Now we can say we have no reasons to regret this choice.The hotel is made of two adjacent Georgian townhouses. The conversion must have taken place very recently, because the room itself and everything in it looked brand new. The word &quot;suite&quot; is a bit of an overstatement applied to the room we stayed in (suite #10 located at the 1st floor), but it was a fairly large room, containing a very comfortable double bed, a sofa, a low coffee table, a tiny desk with a chair, a tiny wardrobe with coat hangers but no shelves and a tiny &quot;kitchenette&quot; in the corner equipped with a sink, a fridge and a microwave. There were also a TV, a safe (which wouldn't open but we didn't need it) a tea kettle with a supply of tea bags, coffee and cookies. There was enough room left to place one or two open suitcases on the floor and still move around quite freely, so I must say we were quite satisfied with the size of the room.Keep in mind that all rooms in this hotel are very different so your mileage may vary.The en-suite bathroom was not large but it definitely was not the smallest I have seen. It contained a wash basin with a &quot;continental&quot; style tap, a toilet and a rather large shower cabin equipped with a quality thermostatic water mixer working like a charm.The room was well heated even with a window slightly open for ventilation. There was also a huge and ugly gray box high between the windows that was most probably an air conditioner but we did not need it in January.When leaving a window open for the first night we were a bit afraid of possible noise from the street, but our sleep was never disturbed - the immediate neighbourhood turned out to be rather quiet. Actually, the hotel is ideally located close enough to the King's Cross tube station to reach it in 3 minutes but still far enough to avoid most of the noise of Euston Road. Actually, we heard more noise from within the not-very-sound-proof hotel - doors slamming and so on, but it was not so loud as to disturb our sleep.The self-service continental breakfast was rather small but fresh and quite edible. On our arrival the room and bathroon were immaculate, the subsequent daily cleaning was a bit superficial but still ok.To summarize: the best points of this hotel are its very convenient location (for a visitor who is going to use the tube a lot) and larger-than-average rooms. Another advantage for today is the hotel's brand new condition, but unfortunately this sort of things may not last very long. The weakest point is the not so good sound-proofing - it turned out ok for us but may appear unacceptable to someone with lower-than-average noise tolerance.	
Dec 28 2005 	Not bad - good location	Reasonably clean, good size room, though given ground floor when I'd requested upper floor.'Suite' meant small double bedroom, then another room with sofa, sofabed, kitchen sink and fridge. Not the advertised microwave, but there was one in reception just outside my door.Concerned at first that room might be noisy, I could hear 'doors closing, ground floor' from lift when I first arrived, and some noise from reception and other rooms but wasn't disturbed during the night at all.Breakfast small but adequate, self service in small room and reception.Location - excellent if you are arriving late at St Pancras, King's Cross or Euston.	
Jan 11 2008	Correct		
