Nov 18 2009 	Fine for the price	London's not a cheap city, but as budget hotels go, this is reasonable value. Single rooms were clean, narrow Ikea beds, but comfortable. Fruit, water, instant coffee and tea bags provided. As mentioned before, staff all very helpful and polite, went out of their way to make sure my internet connection was adequate (not all rooms get good reception). The chinese restaurant shown above is no longer there, the new large lobby is in it's place, and there's a small chicken and falafel place adjoining, serving mainly students from the university across the street. It was generally quite quiet the week I was there, with the exception of a drunk screaming outside one night, and an apparent domestic dispute at the nearby student residence another night.	
Sep 15 2009 	You pay for what you get!	Within easy walking distance from Waterloo and the Southbank, this was a good cheap hotel for our visit to the Thames Festival. Certainly there were no frills in the accommodation but the rooms were adequate, the breakfast sufficed and the staff were extremely courteous. It served its purpose as a budget 2 night stay.	
Aug 15 2009 	Perfect	I found the owners and staff to be very helpful.Great location..A short walk to the tube or the London eyeOlder building but enjoyed the character.	
Dec 25 2008 	A touch too much passing traffic for a countrybumpkin like me	So its a great location- the website says about 15 mins from Waterloo- I did it in 9. I got a fairly good rate (partly because I clicked on the single room without bath by mistake). Its absolutely spotlessly clean &amp; the lady at check-in was very friendly. The shared bathroom was really no problem &amp; again very cleanMy downer was the windows. The old sash windows appeared to be long term jammed &amp; so there was a more modern double glazing window inside- but it only went half way up the height of the window so my 3rd floor street facing room was a bit too subject to traffic noise for a perfect nights sleep. The bed was new-ish &amp; functional rather than comfortable &amp; there wasn't a sensible bedside light. There was however coffee &amp; a kettleI did read a review that said the ground floor smelt of drains (slightly true on the night I wafted through). Other reviews whinged about having to go outside to get to the cellar restaurant for breakfast (I think you have to be fusy to complain about that) &amp; others commented that they did not like waiting after 11pm to be let into the hotel as the overnight porter was not always at reception (I can understand that concern but I was let in pretty much instantaneously)Go again? For more than 1 night its only if I could get non street facing room &amp; if I got the same steep discount I got this time around.	
Nov 17 2008	Think twice	I stayed here on 3 different occassions, due to its proximity to Waterloo, its price and availability.Some of the rooms are better than others, the smaller the room the better as the larger rooms have beds squeezed in oddly and feel much older.Its location is good, 5-10min walk to Waterloo.The staff were very friendly and helpful.There is a strange odour throughout the hotel, although the chinese restaurant has been replaced by a fried chicken fast food outlet. The furniture is very old, and definitely has a second (or third) hand feel about it. The beds are squeeky and the carpets have seen better days. A maze of different corridors can be confusing and the shared bathrooms are basic at best.It gave me the feeling that I didn't want to touch anything (the smell makes it feel dirty I think), but the linen was fresh and the rooms come with complimentary bottled water and oranges.Breakfast consists of individual cereal boxes, fruit, tea/coffee or the option of toast and omelette, which tastes better than it looks.I would only recommend this as a last resort, or for young people. It is definitely not somewhere you would want to take your wife for a romantic weekend or even the family for longer than one night. It is a good place for a crash pad, but you definitely get what you pay for.	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent value for money!!	You usually get what you pay for, so I didn't have high expectations for this hotel when I booked a room for 49 ? a day, but I was pleasantly surprised :-) I was basically looking for a central place to crash after sightseeing and shopping in London, and the Hotel was perfect for that. The room was relatively clean (carpet needed changing), very quiet and staff friendly and help some. There was a nice refrigerator in the room together with a coffee / tea maker and a TV, so you could sit and relax after a long exhausting day out. I found the South Bank quite central and the area quite safe at night, but would recommend walking from the Lambeth North tube station if you come home late at night. The hotel is right next to the London South Bank University, so there are a lot of students in the area and very cheap take aways with Chinese and Indian food. It is approximately 15 - 30 min walking distance to most sights in the central part of London, that is if you are used to walking a lot. One thing I wished I knew before going there was that there is wireless internet service free at change in the lobby. If I knew that, I would have brought my laptop. As an extra bonus breakfast was included. It is rather basic but you do get choice of different cereals, fruit (apple / Oranges), toasted bread and marmalade / Cheese, Orange Juice and Tea / Coffee. The chef also offers to make you scrambled eggs. If you are not looking for anything fancy, and want to save money on lodging for e.g. shopping, this place is perfect for you.	
Jul 30 2008	Cheap 'n' Cheerful	Easy enough to find from Waterloo about a 15 minute walk from there, so very convenient if you need to travel anywhere by tube as we did.Bit disappointed with the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, which turned out to be an omelette type thing, with some toast. You did have a choice of cereal though and breakfast is served between 8-10 which is also good, if you needed a little lie-in! All in all the room was reasonable and just what we needed, it was clean and tidy and we were grateful of the water and the fruit in our fridge as we went to London on the hottest day of the year so far - so that was definitely welcome. Would go back there again if we needed somewhere to stay.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Location 	We stayed there for 1 night July 1st when our family of 5 went over to attend The Graham Norton Show. We just wanted very basic accomodation, clean &amp; reasonably priced. I had read some negative reviews so I was a bit apprehensive. We were pleasantly surprised- the location was fantastic, rooms very clean newly painted, bathrooms spotless, fridge in room- good for keeping water cold. Staff were really nice &amp; friendly very helpfl. The owner was also a very nice man. He cooked a fine breakfast. I would recommend this hotel- perfect for those who do not wish to pay a fortune for a short stay. we had a Double &amp; a Tripe Room I night cost 164 Pounds. When we arrived one of our rooms wasnt quite ready - The owner was very apologetic &amp; brought us to restuarant next door &amp; invited us to eat and drink what we liked (5 of us). It was not luxurious but we werent paying luxury prices. We would recommend this Hotel	
Mar 8 2008	not good	This is one of the worst hotels I and my collegue have stayed in. We chose it as we were going to the University for a conference. It appears to be next to a Hall of residence and the occupents partied into the small hours and were very noisy. The bed linen was not good so we ended up sleeping in our clothes. The smoke detector was covered with a plastic bag. Good H&amp;S! There were cigarette ends floating in the toilet.The area was very suspect and we didn't feel comfortable walking from the tube in the dark. We arrived at 9pm so didn't feel comfortable going back into central London because we didn't want to walk back. There were no resturants around. The chinese in the picture is no longer there. All in all a bad experience.	
Sep 28 2007 	Bad example of getting what you pay for	We booked this hotel because of its relatively cheap price and it proximity to Waterloo station and these were really the only two things that were ok with this hotel. Upon arrival, a bit later than expected I'll note, the front door was locked and we had to call someone to let us in. We had to hike up a tiny stairway to the fourth floor with all our luggage due to no elevator. The room was fairly small but the worst part was the bed. We had requested a double but found two single beds, practically cots, pushed together. I say cots as there was no real cushion on the bed, merely springs that made sleeping next to impossible. I will say that the man who let us in was rather sweet and provided us with milk, cereal, and fruit for breakfast but I would definitely stay elsewhere if ever in the predicament again of needing a room for a quick stayover in London.	
Jul 24 2007 	Worst Hotel on our Trip	We stayed at the Bridge Hotel because like others said it is close to Waterloo Station. We were taking the Eurostar over to Paris the next day so we wanted to be close. When we finally arrived the entrance was on the side across the street from the South Bank College. The &quot;lobby&quot; was a small coat room with a credit card machine, phone, desk and seat. The rooms on a whole felt dirty and unclean. It was small with cheap laminate wood flooring and twin aluminum beds from IKEA. We found a bug in my wife’s bed and at 1AM when the bars closed the college kids were yelling at the college and kept us awake. The bathroom was ensuite and was little and didn't feel clean. It was dilapidated with seals splitting and mold in areas. We were supposed to stay there 2 more nights after our stay in Paris, but cancelled because it was so bad. We felt on a whole it was no better than a private room at a Hostel. We have pictures to share upon request, but they are over the 2MB allowed by TripAdvisor	
Mar 1 2007 	You can tell it's a budget hotel....	Good location, close to centre of London but in a slightly dodgy neighbourhood. Room was quite large, but no attempt at decor. Random mix of old furniture. Shared bathrooms were not the best (we seemed to be sharing with the extended family...) Bit of a rabbit warren to get to our room on the top floor. But the price was right, and breakfast fine (not traditional english, though).	
Nov 15 2006 	Great value great service	Wanted a hotel near Waterloo station. Found this through Tripadvisor reviews. Hotel entrance in a side street, a bit obscure and the 'reception' area is about the size of a large bathroom. Dont let this put you off. They were friendly and helpful. We needed to be at Waterloo at 0730hrs. Breakfast was later but the manager opened up the kitchen, offered to scramble us some eggs and gave us toast and cereal and then helped load suitcases into the car and drove us to Waterloo (less than 5 minutes) at no charge. We offered him a £5 tip which he smilingly refused to take. The rooms were very clean etc.Only tip is: If you have heavy suitcases, either ask for a lower floor room ( 3 or 4 floors with no lift) - (I had read that in reviews but I forgot) ...or ask them to help you. We struggled to get our suitcases up as they were heavy and afterwards they said to us 'you should have just asked us'....But a refreshing experience - especially for London. Great price, great service.	
Aug 15 2006	Surprisingly pleased!	My husband and I recently stayed at The Bridge Hotel in London England. The hotel is in walking distance from Waterloo Train Station and close proximity to Big Ben and Tower Bridge. The hotel is located in the same building as a Chinese Restaurant but is very clean and great for the money. I would suggest going through lastminute when reserving your room. Staff is very accomodating and there is a continental breakfast added onto the cost of your room. One word of caution, this hotel does not have an elevator so if possible request a room on the first floor!!! Also there are no phones in the room, so if you are expecting a call, you must check in with the hotel staff. Overall the hotel proved to be a pleasant stay for my husband and myself and actually kept us in shape from walking up and down all of the stairs!!!	
Jul 18 2006	Close to Waterloo	The Bridge Hotel at 30 Borough Road, London is convenient for Waterloo Station and Eurostar which is why we stayed there.Generally, it is a good value budget hotel but it does have some disadvantages.It is located above a Chinese Restuarant, so there are some smells from that activity and the staff there seem to double on the hotel reception, so on arrival you will need to go the restaurant to get their attention!Our room was at the top of the building and up several flights of stairs. (In fairness, we were told that if we had asked for a room on a lower floor at the time of booking, we would have been given one.)The room was small but clean and well served with an ensuite bathroom. The bedroom also had a pridge and small kitchen area. The window was in the roof.But all said, the staff were friendly and our case was taken up the stairs to our room for us. As we had to leave early for the Eurostar, they gave us a plentiful supply of biscuits in lieu of breakfast!It served its purpose for us - it took less than ten minutes to walk to Waterloo Station. They loaned us an alarm clock as we had to be up for 4 a.m. and the room was comfortable.So, you pay your money and you make your choice. It represented good value for a City centre hotel close to Waterloo. Although they recommened the Elephant and Castle tube as being nearest - we thought that Waterloo was just as close.	
Jul 17 2006	surprenant		
