Sep 30 2009 	No frills but excellent value and everything you need	If you want a reasonably affordable hotel in London which is clean with functional facilities and gives a basic but good breakfast this is a good choice. After some minor issues with the bathroom we were treated very friendly and prompty moved to another room (without even have to carry our luggage). Everything you need.	
Sep 26 2009 	Clean but avoid the breakfast!	Very friendly staff and excellent parking facilities as I had a LWB Transit also had 3 coaches parked there too.Clean spacious room which were at a high standard with a nice view of a sprawling garden to observe squirrells! I avoided the breakfast after the first day due to asking for poached eggs on toast,and the lady coming over and proceeding to dump a full English on the plate which looked very shabby.My work mates experienced this all throughout the week.Said that I reccommend this hotel for workmen with vans as the parking on the street is a mare,just avoid the breakfast!	
Sep 4 2009 	ok	the hotel was very clean and the staff at the front desk were very helpful. Our room was a good size however the shower was a bit on the cold side. The area where the hotel is situated is not a nice one. We had two asian women come up to the car one stood in front of the car while the other started to clean our windows we said we didnt want it done but we couldnt move because we were stuck in traffic and the woman stood infront. Theres a lot of that sort of stuff that goes on in that area. Nice hotel to stay at if your just passing through but i would aviod it next time just because of the area its in.	
Sep 3 2009 	clean place to stay but noisy rooms	hotel was very clean and the staff helpful.the room was nice and well kept, but the walls never kept out any noises from nextdoor. you could hear everything, from people going in and out of their wardrobe to people having a shower.when we went down to breakfast, it was very disapointing indeed. you had to helpyourself, and the lady cooking the breakfast was doing unhygienic things, which i wontmention. the toast didnt taste of bread, and i left breakfast feeling it was not clean enough.	
Jul 7 2009 	clean but a little bit noisy at night	I stayed with 2 friends at the Leigham Court Hotel for 2 nights, starting on july 4th 2009.We booked a Triple Room, and it was OK: three good beds and a modern bathroom with a shower.It's a bit far from the town center but Streatham Hill rail station is down the road (5 minute walk), with trains to Victoria Station every 16 minutes (monday to Saturday) or every 30 minutes on Sunday.There is a little car park before the hotel, with just enough room for the guests.The only inconvenience is that the hotel is a bit noisy: you can hear the cars passing by at night and what's going on in the neighbouring rooms. Fortunately, we had reasonably quiet neighbours.Staff looked a bit dull and depressed, except the chocolate-faced man, who has been nice and helpful to us.I would recommend this hotel, because it's not too expensive (75 pounds per night for 3 persons) and has with no major drawback.	
Aug 26 2008	excellent value and clean	Just got back from a pleasant 2 night stay at Leigham Court. We were greeted by a friendly receptionist and directed to our room in the extention part of the hotel. The room, including the large bathroom, was very clean. We had booked a family room for 4. Our room was a triple with an extra bed but still adequate space in the room. It did get quite hot at night and we were pleased that there was a large fan in the room.Hotel was very easy to find - 2 minutes from Streatham Hill main line. We actually got a tube to Clapham Common and then a bus to Streatham Hill - 5 minute bus journey, buses every 10minutes. Bus stops outside hotel and it was quick and easy to get to centre of London on tube from Clapham Common.Cooked breakfast was good. There was also cereal, toast or ham+cheese (all of the 'value' type). Tables were in sets of 8 so we had to share with other guests but the tables were big so we didn't feel crowded. We've stayed in other similar priced hotels nearer central London and found the Leigham to be cleaner and more spacious than other 'quad' rooms we've stayed in. Because of its closeness to public transport we also found it more convenient for central London and Kings Cross ie. no 10 minute walks to tube stations with luggage. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 9 2008 	good location	we have stayed at this hotel for 2days in 2007 and 2008,visiting wimbledon tennis championships.value for money was our theme,and this hotel provides that.rooms are clean and tidy but a bit dated,and the breakfast is a bit of a free for all,with long bench tables and &quot;help you self&quot;.reminded me of the army mess,but nevertheless the food is ok,including the cooked breakfast.location is good,with plenty of parking space at the hotel.short walk to bus and train links to cental london.in short,you will have a job to find anywhere of this decent quality for the price.[we paid £30 a night each]	
Jul 7 2008	was a comfortable stay	my husband and i stayed here for 2 nights with our little 2 year old. The room was a god size and was comfortable.Felt unsafe to leave windows open as we the windows opened on to a roof which was easily accessable to others. windows was very high so we had no veiw outside. Other then that it was fine the breakfast was ok although they forgot about us on one day and it was half an hour wait.Was nice when we got it and was good size very satisfying for the day ahead. The staff where helpful and car park was good size got parked there easily enough although can get busy.My little boy got ceoliac disease and they where good working round this.Overal a good stay and we will use the hotel again as it was value for money.	
Oct 28 2007 	would have been ok for a smoker.	the hotel was a convienent distance to the train and in general nice enough. The room was big the bathroom was tiny but fine for one night. Breakfast was confusing, no instruction of what to do and no one came over so had a bit of toast and left? The main problem was the smell it was like trying to sleep in the lung of a sesoned smoker - overpowering to say the least! when i got to the room the window was open but because of the traffic noise it was hard to sleep with it open but the room was so hot i had to try. Left the next day stinking, all my clothes my hair - yuck. A real shame, but a real smell!	
May 7 2007 	Lack of Family Rooms	I booked a family room. When I arrived, just before 3pm, the room was not ready. Bearing in mind Check-in is at 2pm. The room consisted of a double bed and 2 single beds and spelt of stale cigarettes. One of the single beds was put up against the wardrobe, which meant that we had to move the bed to gain access to the wardrobe. My dad was booked into a double room, which was the same size as our 'family' room. I asked at reception if we could be moved into a different family room. I was informed that the hotel only had 2 family rooms. I don't advise families stay in this hotel!!!	
Feb 28 2007 	it's ok	The hotel is fine for this price, 30 pound per night. The reception during the night had a good manner and was helpful but the day shift wasn't friendly and helpful. The room was ok but the wall seem to be so thin. I could hear people who lived next door talked and could hear their TV. Even their phone vibrated at night, I could hear it just like it was in my room.	
Jan 26 2007 	Poor service really!	The counter staff have really bad manners! Rooms are small with an awkward layout. Reception is weak, so you can forget about tv.	
Nov 6 2006	Noisy with roaming teenagers	The hotel is easy to find, well sign-posted. They said that there would be room in the car park if we arrived before six and there was. We were in the extension at the back of the hotel, a long L-shaped corridor with single story rooms. Comfortable rooms and warm. Might have been very acceptable except for the 40 or so young teenagers from abroad who roamed the corridor, now a source of echoing noise, and gathered in various rooms until well into the small hours. The adult supervisors were obviously somewhere else in the hotel. The only alternatives to a boring cooked breakfast were corn flakes and white bread toast. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from Streatham Hill station which is also a major bus stop. The 417 bus runs from outside the hotel to Clapham Common. This could have been a good place to stay, at a modest price, but if they are targeting groups of young students and similar, to fill their rooms, you won't get a good night's sleep.	
Mar 5 2006 	Location And Value	Almost didn't stay here after seeing some reviews but much better than some suggested. £45 a night B&amp;B and upgraded to very pleasant en-suite double room with far more space than you might expect.Hotel situated in a quiet ? residential street in Streatham Hill on south side of city. Streatham Hill Rly Station a couple of minutes walk away with a train every 15 minutes for Balham (Northern Line) and London Victoria. Can't get much better than that can you? Lots of pubs and all types of eating places within 5 minutes walk. Staff friendly and helpful.Drawbacks? Breakfasts a bit basic but unlimited toast and coffee that actually tasted of coffee (something even expensive hotels can't manage). Oh and the shower took a couple of minutes to warm up but after that was fine.	
Aug 9 2005	Once again a great hotel	Second stay at the hotel this year, same as last time. Brilliant service, lovely clean room, lots of tea and coffee, missed breakfast as overslept, but the first time round it was lovely so am sure it would have been again. Would definitely stay in this hotel again if I am in the area, we were there for a concert at Brixton Academy and it was a 5 minute bus ride away, very convinient. Well done! A budget hotel that isn't a total mess!	
Mar 16 2005	Felt very safe and it was very clean	Our stay here was very nice. Very secure and clean. Rooms were large and staff was extremely friendly. Breakfast was a fulfilling. Hard to find, but a good location after you find it, easy access to train travel.	
Nov 1 2004	What you see is what you get	No frills - This place really is just for sleeping and it fits its purpose perfectly. Have stayed a couple of times and recommend the rooms in the Annexe as they are better. Breakfast is fine; a basic full english, endless toast and hot /cold drinks, cereal or continental (I agree that the continental brekkie does leave a lot to be desired). Central heating seems to be a constant theme, it was permanently on during my latest stay although this is no bad thing at this time of year!	
Mar 23 2004	Avoid the breakfasts!	Rooms clean but far too warm. My radiator thermostat was broken and I slept with the window open all night in Winter. Handy for the railway and the southern end of the Northern Line.Avoid the breakfast, esp the Continental (one slice of Dairylea, one slice of Tesco economy ham). Lots of places to eat (and some to drink) within 5 minute walk at Streatham Hill	
Oct 29 2003	Adequate - clean 	This hotel is an adequet place if you are planing a a short trip to London cheap, clean, and freindly staff, and if all you want is somewhere to lay your head you should have no problemsRooms - clean- the towels were changes on all 3 days we were there and they also made our bedsBreakfast - fine they don't mind you having extra toast etc. unlimited tea &amp; coffeeStaff - friendly and helpful esp. the ladies who make your breakfast.only problems was there are no tea/coffee making fac. in the rooms unless you pay £20 deposit And the radiator was very hot and because the switch was broken we couldn't turn it down - but as soon as we informed reception 20mins someone was up sorting it outWe are a young family of 4 and we enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 10 2008 	Très bon hôtel excellent rapport qualité prix		
Nov 4 2008 	Lob - nettes kleines Hotel		
Jul 24 2008	Das Hotel war gut		
Jun 12 2008 	nettes kleines hotel		
