Nov 11 2009 	Good value for the price paid	The hotel structure is a bit odd, but not unpleasant. The room we got (304) was a family room for 4 people, so it was huge - a very pleasant surprise. Even tough we ordered a superior room, it was much more than we accepted. The continental breakfast was a pure and the variety of the food served was very little, but it was sufficient. The hotel staff was very correct but not too friendly. The location is excellent!! the tube is not more than a 100 meters away and all the good of Finchley road (shops, fast foods, restaurants, shopping center with multiplex cinema, supermarkets and much more) is at a few minutes walk. All in all we had a very nice stay at this hotel and we'll definitely come back again in future visits to London.	
Oct 27 2009 	nice hotel - nice price - shame I was locked out	It's not luxury but good for the £65 per night paid. Room large and clean, quaintly decorated. Finding way around hotel difficult, very higgledy piggledy small corridors and tiny lift. Close to tube in a lovely quiet, safe area.Paid for cheap advance reservation but despite saying in confirmation email that they charge the card immediately they didn't with me. What happened is that me and hubby checked in, went to our gig, came back just after midnight and our card wouldn't open our bedroom door. Went down to reception, waited 15 minutes until the only member of staff had served customers at the bar, explained our problem and was abruptly told the reason we'd been locked out was that my credit card had been refused when they tried to take payment. I was surprised because thought I had paid before arriving and card had lots in the account. I was tired and just wanted a bed so I didn't argue and I insisted on trying the card again and low and behold it cleared no problem. Got to bed by about 1am but next morning had to phone my bank to check I hadn't paid twice (I hadn't). Make of this review what you will. It's a nice hotel for the money, but is the potential hassle worth it??? Oh yeah there is free wifi, ask for the code at reception - I think they change the code each morning though so if you get the code in the evening then want to check something on the internet when you get up in the morning, it doesn't work, signal wasn't great in our room either.	
Oct 19 2009 	Well worth it considering the price of London hotels	We spent 4 nights here while in town for a wedding. It was exactly what I thought it would be. Clean, well located and affordable. The room was large and bright. Very quiet neighbourhood. Tube station was 2 min away. 15 min ride to central London. The overall decor is a little tired and the beds are firm with some springs poking. The bath room was always cleaned well and the room made up well each day. I was okay with the lack of updatedness, I figure if or once they do a total refirb the price will jump as well. Travelers with disabilities should avoid the 4th floor (where we were) as the tiny lift only goes to the 3rd then a flight of steep stairs. The largest rooms are on the 4th, we booked a Superior double (actually were given a triple, 3 single beds). The breakfast was priced high and I took the prior reviewers advice and ate elsewhere (Oliver's on Belsize was awesome!) All in all we would return.	
Oct 10 2009 	Don't go there	Surly reception staff on our arrival, triumphantly telling us (without checking) that the car park was full, very tired bedroom (wallpaper damaged, etc.), walls in lift badly defaced and simply left that way, rabbit-warren-like access to rooms, the list just goes on. Also ( no fault of the hotel) very difficult to locate and access by car and, as above, no daytime parking, Finally, when you find the breakfast room in the basement you're told you need to go back to reception to get a voucher for breakfast (?????). An unpleasant experience.	
Sep 9 2009 	Quiet and very well located	This is a nice hotel in a superb location - almost next door to Swiss Cottage tube station and the shops and cafes of Finchley Road, but in a pretty, very quiet neighbourhood. We chose this hotel because we drove to London but wanted to avoid the central congestion charges - if you get there at the right time, there's a very limited amount of onsite parking (but also metered parking and an NCP carpark nearby). The hotel itself is pleasant enough - the decor and furniture are a little old and the basement ('ground floor') corridor is dank and musty, but the rooms are clean and comfortable. We paid a little extra for a superior double room, which was very spacious and had its own little seating area next to a set of doors which opened out onto...the carpark. Not the nicest view, but we weren't exactly there for the scenery! The bathroom was largeish and spotlessly clean, with a good shower and nice toiletries, though the floor was covered a strange greasy film - probably the remnants of their cleaning fluid (!). We only stayed for a night, so didn't really meet the staff - the ones we did encounter were polite in a rather distant manner. All in, this is a good choice if you want to be close to central London but in a tranquil, interesting neighbourhood with (some) parking. The Best Western website seems to offer the best online rates.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not exactly The Ritz .... but OK	We managed to get a really cheap deal for this hotel, and were staying for a long weekend - my husband and I in one room, my mother and young daughter in another room. The hotel is in a great location, nice area and a stone's throw from Swiss Cottage tube. The hotel looked promising from the outside, and the reception area was lovely. Our rooms however were not too fabulous. They were down in the basement, in an area that was being refurbished (possibly this is why the rooms were so cheap). The rooms themselves were clean and the bathroom spotless - all towels and bedding lovely and clean too. The beds were possibly the hardest I have ever had the misfortune to sleep in though, the matress could have been made out of concrete. The beds in the other room were just as uncomfortable. Out bathroom was very small, and if you were a person of large build I can't see how you would manage to go to the toilet, so close was it to the opposite wall. The shower was terrible - the controls didn't work so it was by pure fluke that I got it to work at all. I couldn't manage to get the water hot so had to make do with a luke warm shower. The shower produced the most feeble trickle of water, and was about as powerful as a sprinkle of rain. Our toilet flush stopped working, and despite telling the staff at reception about it nothing whatsoever was done (we were told it took 15 minutes for the cistern to refill - ours didn't flush for around 24 hours!).Despite this, for the money we spent I don't feel too badly done by. It wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't terrible by a long shot. It's fine if you get a good deal and aren't too fussy! (tip: don't buy your breakfast there - there are several cafes on the main street a lot cheaper!)	
Aug 9 2009 	Nice victorian hotel	Nice athmosphere in a good place with very nice streets.Good rooms, different tipes!No luxury but good for travel and verry well located.The subway is very close.It was arround 80 pounds a night ...not so cheap ...but ok!The internet was bad in the lobby.Don t ask me about breakfast.We took something on the way...Some problems with water pressure!Our room was at last floor!	
Aug 9 2009 	Average	It's not the best hotel of my life, but it's not the worst.It's not close to city center, but conveniently close to Swiss cottage Station (gray line). if you wanna experience a &quot; Londoner neighborhood, it's a good experience.Rooms: small, old furniture, but clean and a renovated bathroom- although the time we spent there, there was a leaking on the toilet...such a waste of water and they didn't fixed it...Breakfast: we didn't find anything close, they have a average~ good continental bkf, and you can pay a bit more to have eggs, bacon and beans, I think. Service: we were well treated. Free Internet: I would prefer to pay to have one...doesn' t work.If your budget is around USD 100, stay in this place. You gonna have a quiet room, a clean bathroom only for you and close to a subway station.	
Jul 7 2009 	Consistent- - Is That a Ghost?	The Swiss Cottage hasn’t changed much in years, I guess that’s ok then as long as you’re not expecting mod cons (but wifi is available!) Narrow halls, tiny lift (when it works), creaky floorboards, mismatched Victorian-like furnishings, it’s all part of the charm. My room was FABULOUS, on the first floor, large living room area with 3-sided bay windows overlooking the street, remodeled bathroom (very nice job), king size bed with clean linens and 4 big pillows. I booked directly with the hotel via email, I told them what size room I wanted and they did me a much better price than the web site. ONE CAVIET: if you book a taxi with the front desk, make sure you specify a black London taxi, otherwise you’ll be hiring a mini-cab/private car at twice the regular fare - I learned the hard way. I added some photos and the ghost in the room was quiet and respectful.	
Jun 5 2009 	Good value for London - lovely lobby	I was tired of staying in the usual anonymous Holiday Inn and therefore chose this hotel. The area is great - close to the restaurants at 'the village' and with buses and the tube station almost in front of the door. Liked the hotel, especially the lobby with the piano, the couches and chairs. Everything looks like it has been recently fully refurbished so nothing to complain in terms of cleanliness. Had varying experience with staff - Overall very nice and attentive, but there was one guy at reception who totally ignored me when I arrived for check-in (although there was nobody else and he wasn't busy) and wasn't friendly at all. Free Wi-fi in every room, would definitely stay there again next time. I've had horrible experiences with hotels in London, and this was a very pleasant surprise for great value for money.	
May 22 2009 	NEEDS A REFURBISHMENT ASAP - A TIERD HOTEL	This Hotel is in a good location for central London as the tube station is 2mins away, the area is residential and no noise at all so a good nights sleep you should receive. First impressions is the Reception / Lounge are very nice and good deco were they want to impress with antiques to a baby grand piano in the lounge area and access to the Internet if you forget your own gagets. The rooms I requested was a low floor as I do have walking difficulties and they put me on the third telling me there is a lift .... only goes to the third floor and my room was not near to the lift at all, not impressed. The room was a twin no.303 and I was travelling with a young child so you can imagine my horror when we entered and I looked to open the window there was no child locks and a sheer drop three floors down, I did ask to be moved but the hotel was full not a good start ..... The room itself was clean but the deco was grubby and needs a refurbishment asap, the shower adapter was stuck and the toilet was cracked, also a nail was not hammered down near to the door of the bathroom, good job we had shoes on. Food we did order Breakfast a cooked one and had to pay extra for this £6.75 this was over cooked and the sausage looked like they were from the day before along with the beans. Healthy option breakfast was poor also not a lot of variety with cheap makes of food a lot more could be done with this service I suggest you go out as you will enjoy your meal somewere else. The staff are very nice and friendly and could not be more helpful in giving direction and ringing taxis for guests.This Hotel would benefit from a full refurbishment of rooms and bringing the standard of food up to an acceptable level as the location is lovely and the Hotel could do a lot more to maximise its full potential. Disabled guests please check that you get a low room and parents with children younger ones watch the windows as they are ' Health Safety issues' a sheer drop with three functional windows to open is an accident waiting to happen. I did point out all the above to Manaement and was told to write all the above on the comments sheet ..... which I did oblige them with. Would like to see the Hotel after a refurbishment as the location is good for getting around.	
May 21 2009 	I fell in love with this hotel.............	The hotel managers are fantastically helpful, with the perfect balance of politeness and friendliness. There isn't anything they wouldn't do to make you happy. The whole house is a Victorian museum. Every corner is exquisitely furnished. You could spend hours just gazing at the beauty of the paintings, antiques, chandeliers, and relishing the atmosphere. The corridors are very mysterious and you could easily get pleasantly lost. There is a loving ambience in the hotel dating perhaps from people who have lived there in the past. It has all that England has to offer and is a perfect experience for those wanting to experience this country and all it represents. It's the perfect English experience. I love going back there every night, and if I could, I'd live there permanently. I'm made to feel like a Queen. This is definitely my favourite hotel in England.	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel ticks all boxes	We stayed at the hotel for four nights with Breakfast. We found the hotel easily by car and, although there are only 3 parking spaces, spaces were available throughout our stay as many guests were holidaymakers from abroad. The room was clean and comfortable, with sheets and towels changed daily. All staff were pleasant and helpful and the Breakfast staff always had smiles. Literally one minute from Hampstead Theatre and Swiss Cottage Tube Station, which gets you in to central London in 10-15 mins. Although not much to see in Swiss Cottage high street (the Swiss Cottage pub is not to everyone's liking), it has all the basic stores e.g. M&amp;S, Boots, WHSmiths etc for convenience. The hotel itself is set-back from the high street in a quiet residential area, a quiet 15 minutes walk to Belsize Park and Hampstead Heath. We would definitely stay here again because of the value for money you get when compared to central London hotels, especially as they give discount to local government/public sector workers. We walked to Abbey Road Studio from the hotel in 15 minutes, for a photo opportunity on the famous pedestrian crossing outside!	
May 5 2009 	A tired hotel with acceptable but modestly trained staff	OK if you get a good price. Good location for Swiss Cottage and Finchley Road but very tired inside with grubby feel	
Apr 21 2009 	disappointed	I used to stay in this hotel for many years but it seems the service is getting worse and the rooms are getting too noicy as the walls are quite thin even though it is in a quite area. It gets very pricy. I had a confirmation in wirting that I will have the supirior double room but was given a standered double room. They chrge seperately for breakfast. It is better to go out and have your breakfast.	
Mar 17 2009 	A nice inexpensive hotel close to everything yet in a quiet location	I've traveled to London frequently over the past few years and have come to expect London hotels to be a good 1-2 stars overrated. Typically mid-range hotels have small rooms and attention to cleanliness and details is spotty at best. This hotel was a pleasant surprise; funky, with creaky floors and older rooms, yet, it has a certain charm helped by the building style and very quiet location. Service could be a little friendlier; if I ran a hotel, I'd probably greet new guests at check in. All it takes is a &quot;welcome&quot; or acknowledgment of arrival... In sum, if you're looking for perfection, this is not the place. However, if you can handle some Brit quaintness in an excellent location while you save money, this may very well be one of the best deals.	
Mar 10 2009 	lots of in-room noise slept badly	lots of in-room noise. woke up in the night with laughter and banging from above at 0200 - was i below staff accommodation? not just a bit of noise, a lot of noise. i just wanted to sleep. if you are going to advertise a 3* room at £100 per night (without discount), you can't have rooms like this. i pay to be able to rest. nice room, nice furniture, old world style. perfectly pleasant staff at reception. great location near the tube. shame i mainly wanted a good night's sleep!	
Mar 10 2009 	A very pleasant stay	We stayed for one night at this hotel and I would definitely go back when I am next in London.We had a superior double room that was very spacious, clean and comfortable.Staff very pleasant and an excellent english breakfast.The underground is about a two minute walk away so very convenient for getting into the centre of London.	
Feb 27 2009 	Horrible stay!	The hotel looks great on the website, but only the lobby area has been refurbished. As I made my way upstairs, I started noticing how old everything looked, and when I opened my room door, I was so dissapointed..extremely old, kettle had mildew in it, everything felt dirty, heating wasnt powerful and the shower was only lukewarm. Breakfast is totally not worth it either. Whilst the location was great, I would not stay there again...really a bad experience.	
Feb 26 2009 	Would Not Stay Here Again	We stayed at this hotel back in 2007 and frankly were quite disappointed. The 2* rating by Tripadvisor is pretty accurate, although from some of the ratings and the pictures at the time, we were expecting a 3*+. There is nothing really good to write about this hotel other than the fact that it offers parking, which is hard to come by in central London. It has a very small parking lot and overall it's a very difficult place to find if you're driving. We stayed there at the end of an England driving tour and did not want to get rid of our car, pay drop-off fees and get an expensive taxi to the airport and the parking option moved this hotel to the top of our list. If we were to do it again, we'd stay in London longer, ditch the car and pick another hotel, even if it costs $100/night more.	
Jan 28 2009 	Not bad for the price	I got this hotel for a cheap rate on hotwire ($90 including taxes and fees). I was a little disappointed to find it was in Swiss Cottage, but it's almost next to the Underground making it really handy for central London. My room was large (by London standards) with a full bath (as opposed to shower) and tea and coffee making facilities. The staff was helpful but kept a low profile. I didn't eat here so can't comment on breakfast. There was a sign in the room saying that internet was available (presumably at a price) but I checked in and was going straight out again so didn't need to investigate this.The local area has a few shops and eating places, though I struggled to find a coffee before 7 a.m. but the tube is so handy that you can be in the centre quickly and if you're feeling energetic you can walk there across Regents Park which is close by.I'd stay here again for a trip of 1-2 nights.	
Jan 9 2009 	great location	spent one night at this hotel, we chose it mainly for its location, outside the london congestion charging zone, and very close to swiss cottage underground station, the hotel is a basic 2*, and as long as you expect no more than this your stay will be okay. it is clean, the staff were very polite to us, and we had free overnight parking in the small onsite car park. our booking included a continental breakfast which we found ample, for £1 extra you can have the cooked breakfast. we would stay again but only for 1 or 2 nights.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good value and convenient	We had hoped to stay at a Best Western west end hotel using Nectar Points but were told when we tried to book through Nectar in October that it was &quot;too near Christmas&quot; to be able to use them! Instead we were offered a superior double room deal at the Swiss Cottage Hotel and I requested a quiet room. The room we were initially offered was in the basement, reeked of cigarette smoke and was facing on to the road. Somewhat reluctantly we were then shown a quiet, non-smoking second floor room which was comfortable with a good-sized bathroom, including a bath. It was in good decorative order and everything worked.Breakfast was adequate but the cooked breakfast was virtually cold. The hotel was being redecorated while we were there but this was well contained and did not affect us in any way.Staff were polite but not over-friendly. We would stay there again. It offered good value for money for London, it's near the Tube (which wasn't working the weekend we were there, but the replacement bus service was very good) and it's in a pleasant area not too far away from the west end.	
Nov 6 2008 	Felt like granma's house	The place was average. It had a very old-timey feel to it. I felt like I was entering a retirement home or something. The room was clean, I enjoyed the little tea/coffee they had set up for us and the bathroom was very spacious. I listened to my instincts and decided not to have breakfast there. I'm glad I didn't.This hotel is located in a residential area. Its 2 min walk to the subway. The staff was friendly and very helpful.I guess I would stay here again...when I'm 50.	
Oct 1 2008 	Almost good	First impressions it looks a ok hotel.But it's a little tired looking and rooms are ok but not worth the money.The decor is in need of a refurbishment.The breakfast was ok.The positon of the hotel is good and it's not too noisy.Overall the web-site photos paint a better picture.I suppose that the hotel feels it can charge these prices because they are in London.	
Aug 6 2008 	Terrible	I don't know where to start with this but don't stay here.Filthy rooms and the bedding was changed twiceThreadbare TowelsPaint and paper peeling off wallsHairs in the bedHairs in the showerBoxes outside the windowsRotten window framesDoor didn't close properlyHad to check out at 10pm and move to another hotel as it was so awfulFind somewhere else at all times	
Jul 26 2008 	Good location	Found the hotel easily, Swiss Cottage tube station is at the bottom of the road.Check in was a bit rushed,the guy on the desk,pointed at the paper in 3 places &amp; said &quot; name, signature, signature&quot; ,but they kindly kept my bags as it was quite early &amp; i was unable to get into my room at the time. My room was very clean &amp; tidy, bathroom was small but clean &amp; I had all the facilities I needed. The only problem was there was no remote control for the TV, which they soon bought up to me. Worth noting if you have my room, 411, the quality of the TV on channels 1-4 was abysmal, it just kept shaking &amp; going distorted. Unfortunatley i can,t comment on the hotel bar as I didn,t use it, &amp; I didn,t have breakfast, this is an extra £7.95. Location is great, central London a few minutes by tube &amp; Lords cricket ground, 1 tube stop away. Plenty of restaurants, cafe,s, bars, on the main Finchley rd in town, 2 mins from the hotel.	
Jun 29 2008 	Lovely stay	If you're looking for the traditional American hotel chain experience (i.e. vending/ice machines in hallways or every room identical to each other whether you're in L.A. or Sarasota) then this little hotel isn't for you. I found the hotel quaint and quirky, filled with antiques and pretty - if a bit odd- pieces of art. Narrow hallways that twist and turn and no 2 rooms alike. My room was on the 2nd floor with a beautiful view from the window. I had a full bathroom with tub (a nice soaking tub at that) and large, oversized windows on 3 walls. Beds were firm, room was clean, staff was gracious and helpful. Shower was of the european variety but water pressure was fine and despite showering at various times of the day, I never had a shortage of hot water. Wonderful, thick, heavy towels. (You do have to request face cloths however)Breakfast was good but not remarkable. (There are better breakfast options nearby on Finchly Road.) But I was able to get a great cup of coffee. There is a hot pot with instant coffee , tea and cocoa in the room if you prefer. Tube station is only 1 block away. Wednesdays and Fridays there's a farmers market right outside the door and down maybe 100 feet. Neighborhood is lovely, rather upscale and mostly residential. I will definitely go back on my next visit to London. A fantastic bargain for the price.	
Jun 15 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!	On arrival the man at reception was very pleasant and gave us the key to a room which was exactly as I had requested, 3rd floor, twin room, non smoking and quiet. The interior design and furniture are what I would call &quot;quaint and quirky&quot;. The room was very clean, airy and had a huge bathroom which was spotless, as was the bed linen. We had a very enjoyable evening and rounded it off with a nightcap in the bar. The room rate was reasonable for London and the location is ideal for the tube and at the same time on a very nice road. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 3 2008	Disappointed	We stayed one night in this hotel to sightsee and attend concert. We paid £98 for room and additional £7.95 each for cooked breakfast. I was asked to pay on arrival as I had a debit card and not a credit card - I had not been told that before. Our room was downstairs along a corridor past rooms labeled 'smoking rooms'!! Our room was small and dark. It had large dark furniture and there was a large hedge outside the window that blocked the light. There was tea/coffee but no biscuits. We had lukewarm showers. The bedside lamp did not work. The bed was OK. The shower was still cold the next morning and we could not face it. The breakfast was surprisingly OK and it was worth the extra £1 for a cooked rather than continental breakfast. We did not complain about the shower or lamp as we did not have time. Overall we thought our room was poor value for money. The location was good as it was in a quiet area near a tube station.	
May 16 2008 	Nice hotel close to tube line	Hotel rooms are Ok, the beds are a little soft, try and stay on main floor not basement rooms.We had room on main floor # 111 lots of windows space with 12-14 foot ceilings, and the main window opens for fresh air.Very close to tube line to central London, lots of shops and pubs within easy walking distance.Staff are friendly and helpful, breakfast the normal coffee/tea cereal toast jam etc. 6.95 pounds about standard for the UK.Would stay againMartyn &amp; Lauren Jones	
Jan 30 2008 	Excellent value for money	I stayed for three nights in January 2008. I had asked for an upper floor room, and although it was not guaranteed, I got it. A very nice surprise was the size of this room. Very big and comfortable, more like a suite than a room, with separate sitting area, and bedroom with double bed.Overall, my experience was very good, for the money I paid.	
Jun 3 2007 	So much better than expected!	After reading the reviews on here, I was a little nervous, but this hotel was really nice! PROS: good location- not right in the middle of the city, but in a safe and pretty area; the room itself was super cute, and had a nice view; at the end of the street/within a 2 minute walk there is a tube station, a pub, 3 fast food restaurants, 2 convenience stores, and a movie theater; staff was really friendly; and security was pretty good- you have to buzz to get in at night. CONS: there are only 2 that I can think of- no air conditioning, and a teeny tiny bathroom with a teeny tiny shower. It's not the Ritz, but overall I was very impressed.	
Apr 20 2007 	Bad manners boorish behavior	We decided to stay an extra couple of nights in London and looked to Expedia.com for a good rate on a reputable hotel. Although the price was significantly higher than we had paid for 3 and 4 star rooms for the previous week, we thought the property looked quite nice and worth a try. We were sadly mistaken. When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk clerk (manager, I believe) reluctantly tore himself away from his conversation with an employee, then couldn't find our reservation, and asked how we had booked. We told him &quot;Expedia&quot; and he rolled his eyes, told his assistant to immediately call and close all &quot;discount&quot; bookings, and proceeded to give us the &quot;Basil Fawlty&quot; treatment. Without any pretense at good manners or effort to welcome us to his property, he gave us the key to a &quot;discount&quot; room up in the attic, and turned his back on us.Up in the attic, we found a clean, fairly well presented &quot;British style&quot; room that had been recently renovated. It would never win any prizes for tasteful decorating, but at least it was clean, safe and secure. The only real faults with the room itself were poor water pressure and the fact that the hot water tap dispensed hot water and the cold water tap dispensed even hotter water. The bed springs were creaky and the TV reception was poor. But in an English 2-star hotel you learn to be forgiving, and overlook such deficiencies as &quot;charm&quot; or &quot;character&quot; :-) At checkout time I received further attitude from a clerk when he was forced to accept a credit card instead of cash for my WiFi usage. You'd think that three pounds per hour for WiFi would be a great source of hotel income (usually offered for free in most reputable hotels), but at the Swiss Cottage Best Western the taking of money was just another excuse for eye rolling and bad manners.I'm a well dressed, very polite and respectable guy. The one thing I do expect from any establishment where I spend hundreds of dollars and/or pounds is appreciation of my business. A simple &quot;welcome&quot;, a smile, or even a simle &quot;thank you&quot; go a long way. Thanks for nothing Best Western, you can be sure I won't be back.	
Mar 15 2007	Better than expected based on previous reviews	What made this such a good hotel was the short walk to the tube and the safe location. We did not opt for the breakfast but found a little french bistro up the street that served a wonderful breakfast for the same amount we would have been charged for the continental. There are plenty of restaurants in the area if you like ethnic food (which we do!) The rooms were fine, spacious and clean. The plumbing is what I expect for a European hotel. The service is good but if you require hand and foot service, this is definitely not the hotel for you. And if you can manage London's underground (Jubilee line to most major attractions), you've got a great bargain (off season) and a great hotel! If you are looking for something clean, safe, comfortable and recognize you are still in a large cosmopolitan city and exercise some simple safety concerns, I would recommend this place. The only issues I had was the guest in the upstairs room left the bloody shower on our last night there and we had to change rooms in the middle of the night (night staff was efficient for a room change). Also, make sure you check your room carefully upon checkout because if you have left something, they aren't very responsive and chances are... it won't be 'found' or returned.	
Feb 7 2007	Best Western Swiss Cottage was OK	We just finished an eleven night stay at this hotel. On the whole it was very satisfactory. It was clean and well carried for. We had a superior twin with Continental breakfast for £90.00. That took some negotiating on the phone direct. Being winter and the low season helped. The breakfast was adequate but without variety. Cold cereal, 4 kinds, juice, italian salami, processed cheese slices, rolls and occasionally crousants [sp] tea or coffee and white or brown toast. For $10.00/person they could do better. Location in zone 2 was fine because it is 1 1/2 blocks from the Swiss Cottage tube stop on the Jubilee line which is frequent and very fast. Further, it is not as crowded as the Piccadilly line or the Victoria. Whines: The front desk staff was not terribly co-operative at times. The sound on my TV got locked at a low level and I was told that they were all that way. That was on Friday. On Monday when I went to the front desk to complain again, the clerk sent someone up right away and it was unlocked. When I checked I was told that the reservation was without breakfast. I insisted that it included a full English breakfast. My husband had talked to the desk manager or someone on Monday and arranged it. He reluctantly looked up the reservation and found the note but said it was continental breakfast. I was too tired to argue the point. As it turned out the English breakfast was the same as the continental with the addition of cooked eggs, hash browns, bacon or sausage, beans and tomato. We did not need that much food so it worked out. But the clerk's attitude was surly at best. When we asked about a church for Mass same clerk had no idea but found a card with one on it, but then gave total incorrect directions. When we asked if there was a launderette near by, he thought there was one at the end of Eton St. Well that was a mile down the road. Basically it is poor front desk training and supervision. On the plus side, I did not have to wait until 2 pm to get into our room. I was it by 11:30am, for which I was grateful.On the whole it was a positive experience if one ignored the front desk staff. We would go back	
Nov 16 2006 	Nice good location - good price for value	After the reading of the critics in tripadvisor I was positively surprised then I arrived at the hotel.The reception desk was friendly and they asked if everything is allright with the rooms. The rooms were above average compare what I have already seen in London and quite spaceous. It is very close to underground station, just 200 meters. Breakfast was not extraordinary, but okay.	
Oct 13 2006 	Nice and charming	Swiss Cottage was a positive experience for our stay in london. I stayed there with my friend for 2 nights and felt that it was definitely worth the money considering the high prices of London hotels. The room was tidy and spacious. The beds were quite hard but that didn't bother me. I really liked the hotel's Victorian athmosphere. The neighborhood was really quiet and nice and the underground station just a few hundred meters away. The hotel floors were a bit squeaky but it only woke me up once when the neighbours came back in the night.The breakfast was ok, the normal boring stuff but sufficient for giving the energy for sightseeing for a few hours.	
Aug 28 2006 	once more a challenge!	Every year we say that we can't face the inconvenience of staying here -- but we go back! There's a seedy charm about the place; the rooms are big; the breakfast is pretty good; the area is quiet and convenient to the underground. We like the area particularly -- it's away from &quot;tourist London&quot; -- and there's a feeling of living in the Hampstead area. So we'll keep going to the Swiss Cottage, I guess -- as long as it survives...	
Aug 28 2006 	Beware of hooded thieves in the night	The room we had was a decent room on the first floor (2nd floor european). It was very warm, so we opened the window - latching it so it was open about 4&quot;. At 3:30am, I was awoken by a noise and light. I opened my eyes to see a dark, hooded person standing in our room. I screamed as did my husband and he fled back out of the room through the window and down the fire escape. We called the front desk and they stated they would call the police. When we checked out, the clerk claimed they had never had this type of problem before, but the criminal must have seen the open window and took advantage of an opportunity.	
May 19 2006 	Good location but hotel only OK	I stayed here on business which was nearby. The price is good for the area but the rooms I saw were not very good. The bathroom widow in the first room offered did not close. The second was OK but very small. The electrical wiring seemed odd with switches turning on lights in other rooms !! Bizarre.On the plus side the underground station is very close and there is a good selection of cafes and resaurants nearby.	
Apr 27 2006 	An absolute joke	I came across this hotel on the Best Western site, and called direct to book as i often find that you get a better deal. I found I had to give very little detail, so requested a confirmation letter to be emailed, this never arrived. When I called back and spoke to someone, they said that my booking had not been entered yet. I then asked them to do it while i was on the phone and give me a booking number, and was told that they couldnt as it would hold up the switchboard, but they would do it and send confirmation by the end of the day. This never arrived. I tried to find alternative hotels, but they were all full, so had to settle for the this hotel. I called back again, and was still told that confirmation would be sent, however the booking was now in their system. I never got it at all. When I arrived at the hotel, I was greeted, however before anything else was exchanged, I was met with the words I need your credit card. I stay in lots of hotels, but this normally comes after the check in process. I was given a room, and then pointed to the lift, no offer of newspaper, alarm call, no help with luggage - nothing - normally all Best Westerns do this. I got to my room to find that it had not been cleaned from the previous guest - it was 5pm. I went back to the desk, the same guy who checked me in said oh well the maid must have had one of her dizzy days, and found me another room, so back upstairs i went. The room i had was on the 3rd floor - room 319. The room was dark, dingy, the bed was in a poor state, the bathroom was disgusting with limescale marks, dust under the bed, on the ledges, window sill, stains on the walls, wires poking out of the light fittings... I could go on. The room does not seem to have had a redecoration in some time. I was told that there were no other rooms available now, but to check in the morning, I asked the guy who checked me in if i could speak to the hotel manager and was told that he was on holiday on his yaught in the carribbean, i am the highest person in the hotel so you can speak to me, i told him to forget it. This guy Ian has to be the rudest person I have ever met and had no idea of service. There was never anyone on the bar to serve drinks. I attempted to order room service 3 times, whenever i ordered, 10 minutes later there would be a call to say they had run out, followed by the flipant remark that the chef was a pensioner and very forgettful, so in the end i went out for dinner. In the morning i called in at the desk and said about moving, and was told pack my luggage and they would take care of it. Breakfast was luke warm and the staff hardly made any conversation, tables were left uncleared for some time. When I came back to the hotel and asked what my new room was they said they were not aware of me moving rooms. They did not know where my luggage had been put so asked me to take a seat while they found out. I asked to see the manager and was told that there was not one, when i questioned this, I was told by the guy on the desk that they did not have one as they could not afford one, but a friend of the owner looked after the hotel and that he would be back on Thursday. My luggage appeared, but they still did not know what room i was in. At this point I made some enquiries and found a room at another hotel, told them that i wanted to check out and go somewhere else. The guy on the desk called someone, then a girl came to check me out. I have to say she was really sympathetic and quite embarrassed by the whole thing. She put a discount on my bill and did offer a taxi. I wrote to the hotel after and got no response. I then wrote to Best Western and then had a response from the hotel saying sorry for the inconvenience. That was all I got. Its hotels like this that let the others down.	
Mar 30 2006	Last resort	For a four star hotel not what was expected. We booked two double rooms well in advance and got two twins three floors apart. The hot tap indicator was connected to the cold tap. Whilst waiting for the bath to refill I walked in a large puddle in the bedroom where the raditor was leaking. The room was tiny and far too hot even with the radiator off. The decor was grubby, and the staff attitude was that it was just tough that we hadn't got what we booked. Breakfast OK. Location OK had the tube not been closed for maintenance. The bathroom had been recently refurbished but I suggest that choose a better plumber.	
Mar 27 2006	4 star hotel - dont think so!	We have just returned from a Weekend trip to London stayin at the Swiss Cottage Best Western Hotel. Thank goodness we didn't have to spend much time there. We had booked two double rooms. Instead we got two single rooms (or so it seemed) that they has squshed two single beds into. We were under the impression that there had to a minimum clearance around the bed for the hotel to attain 4 stars. Sqaushed against the wall and radiator is not acceptable.The bath was chipped and very small.The wardrobe doors were badly fiting and banged all night. We would recommend any standard traveloge rather than this hotel. The breakfast was adequate (just). Definately not good value for money.	
Mar 15 2006	Going downhill	I have stayed here numerous times, it was my place of choice when in London because of its convenient location and good prices, plus car parking, which is valuable. However it is getting a little dingy and rough around the edges, and at my last stay I found the bed just too uncomfortable. I am middle aged verging on elderly, so a youngster might not have the problems I had. Location is still excellent - lots of great restaurants plus Marks and Spencer food nearby. Breakfast is varied continental or pay extra for cooked, with good and friendly service. Staff are very helpful, and I did not find noise a problem (in January). Just the bed and a grubby bedspread. Prices still very good, plumbing is fine and bathroom great. Tea service in room which is nice, small tv but okay.	
Jul 26 2005	Good locale but only so-so	My friend chose this hotel after a good stay a few years ago. But after 2 nights in 2 different rooms this time around, she admitted it wasn't what it used to be. They do make an effort to keep this Victorian-style place clean and you can make a fairly substantial meal from the breakfast spread. Our first room was a &quot;family room&quot; with 3 single beds. Space was enormous, but the floors are creaky and uneven beneath the carpet. Beds aren't very comfortable, as the springs are warped with age. The double room on our return had a nicer decor, but was the room was tiny. With no A/C, there are electrical fans, but because they're so dusty with cobwebs we couldn't use them. My biggest gripe were the showerheads. They tend to lean against the wall and have very little water pressure. Only saving grace is that they're detachable.The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood and it is very close to the tube station. But even with all that, it's doubtful I'd ever book a room here again.	
Jul 8 2005 	Its really a B	i stayed at this hotel some years back and it was lovely. however, since being taken over by best western the standard has clearly gone down.i was in between houses and had to stay for a week in may 05.quite frankly, its now just a done up b&amp;b. the entrance and lobby are still very nice but the large rooms are just shabby filled with cheap furniture and with beds which are so used out they bend in the middle!!all in all its still quite good value for central london the staff are polite and they do serve a lovely breakfast, but sorry best western....im afraid wont be going back again	
Jun 28 2005	A slightly frayed charmer with good rates in good nabe	This review is for people who like to travel and not spend a fortune for a room that you hardly stay in, especially in very expensive London. We just came back from 11 days in London (broken up by a Chunnel trip to Paris and a few days in the Lake District) and had three different rooms in this lovely old four story building filled with antiques and paintings and Oriental rugs that has many charming features about it including a nice bar, a lounge with a piano and a large sitting room. The lobby is quite small however. They do a nice full English breakfast (included) in the basement which was very filling and kept us touring around longer than most breakfasts would have! The place is clean, the bathrooms are a good size and the toilets work wonderfully - as do the showers in the big English bathtubs! And we always had plenty of hot water. Every room has a phone and a small screen television, and you can get limited room service as well as a bucket of ice (and porter service as well). We found the beds to be quite comfortable, i.e., I did not wake up with a backache every morning. There is also a very small elevator so request a room on the ground floor if you don't want to take the stairs. For 69 GBP a night for a good, quiet double -and convenient to the tube one block away - I would recommend the Swiss Cottage to smart travelers who can't afford The Ritz and would prefer to spend their money on gastropub food and shopping rather than on four walls you hardly stay in. By the way, there are good local restaurants nearby, e.g., Arabesque, Indian, Thai, take-away, a nice pub, and even a KFC and MacDonalds, and small grocery stores, if needed. We were only five tube stops from Westminster Abbey so Swiss Cottage is quite convenient to all the action...and also has &quot;family rooms.&quot;	
Aug 5 2004	tourist hotel class if price ok	Stayed in triple for 3 nights-July.Ignoreprevious review.This is a basic tourist hotel.I got deal on internet for £350 inc very basic breakfast.Ignore all bull about antiques etc..bric a brac.Only accept newly refurbed room..newish carperts outside doors.Given a dump at top but no prob to change.They tried it on .Staff nice ,kind ,helpful but mainly foreign.Very clean but no aircon a prob in summer.Stayed over in Thistle Westminister at £115 a night- good class hotel .mod cons .Last word ,bar in Swiss cottage is tiny and has no draft beer plus no 7 up any night.Unless you get a great deal..miss. good location tube wise and quiet.Jimmys restaurant on Finchley road excellant Thai and good value.I was mislead by previous review	
Jul 24 2004	Er..Alright I guess..	My father and I stayed here in July of 2004..the outside is alright..over painted..neighborhood noisy due to construction. Near tube which is convenient. However when we checked and went to our room they stuck us in one of there basement rooms. It was stuffy, wallpaper peeling, saggy beds and furniture, and itsy bitsy bathroom..barely large enough for one person. Had gotten free eng. breakfast which was fine. Stayed there again on the end of our trip and put us in a room upstairs. Not much better than the first one. Clean still which was nice.	
May 10 2004	Very nice budget hotel	uMy wife and I just returned from an 8 day trip to London, and we stayed at this hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. The room was very clean, nicely decorated, and large by European standards. The bathroom was also very large, with a tub/shower combo, tiled walls and floor and a pedestal sink. The hotel itself is a quaint, historic property with creaking floors and narrow, wandering hallways. The elevator is interesting as well. It looks like you're opening a closet door, and that's about the size of the elevator. The public rooms and halls were vere nicely decorated with antiques. Breakfast was excellent, served buffet style. A good selection of Continental breakfast items, as well as traditional English breakfast items such as fried eggs, bacon, sausage and baked beans. The staff was friendly and efficient. As for location, it depends what you're looking for. A first time visitor looking to be in the heart of the city would not be happy here. However, for someone who wants to be close to everything but off the typical tourist radar screen, this place is perfect. The hotel is a 2 minute walk to the Swiss Cottage tube station on the Jubilee line. You have direct access to Baker Street, Bond Street, Green Park and Westminster. Also the Number 13 bus goes to Oxford Street, Picadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square. It was very easy to get anywhere in London from here. The Swiss Cottage neighborhood is nice as well. There are a number of restaurants along Finchley Road, and the next tube station, Finchley Road, has the O2 Centre, which has a wide selection of restaurants. We especially liked Wetherspoon's Pub. The neighborhood east of the hotel is also full of historic townhouse homes. It's a very nice area to stroll around in. So, all in all, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice budget hotel in London.	
Feb 16 2004	Disgraceful 'hotel'	This place was a joke. We booked a double room for Valentine's day about 2-3 weeks in advance. We turned up to check into the hotel after driving all the way across London. The guy on the front desk fumbled around for a while and then asked us to fill in the necessary details to check-in, all the while his colleague was sitting down just behind him. Once he had filled in the necesssary details his colleague then got up and told us that they had no double rooms available due to a problem on the fourth floor and the room they had given us was a twin! Needless to say we couldn't believe it. No one had bothered to phone us in advance to tell us, which is very suspicious. The guy on the desk had the cheek to offer us room service on the house as compensation! Avoid this place at all costs, no place that operates in this manner deserves any guests at all. We didn't take the room and because we had booked through a hotel booking website the idiot on the front desk told us we could only get a refund through the website. We asked him to call them to inform them of what had happened and he said it would have to wait til Monday as they were closed on Saturday. We rang the website after leaving the hotel and it was open! This was a very special day and this hotel was disgraceful in the way it thought it could treat us. We didn't take the room and will be reporting this matter to the Trading Standards office.	
Feb 20 2009 	?????????????????		
Apr 29 2008 	Una sorpresa!		
Nov 14 2007 	Okay!		
