Nov 6 2009 	cute boutique hotel some problems	things to know:1) you need to buzz in to get into the hotel and sometimes it takes a while for the guy to come open the door for you after you buzz2) the breakfast was really good3) the rooms REALLY vary in quality. we stayed in 3 different rooms during the course of our stay. first was huge, but in basement, and a/c made obnoxious noises. second was cute, smaller, had a little porch that was shared with another room. third was nice, bigger, no porch, but hard to get to (take elevator to 2nd floor then walk down some steps then walk up a flight of steps.. that's the only way to get there)basically if you don't like your room ask for a different one and you might like it a lot more since they vary in quality/size so much.4) pretty close to the tube, and in a nice area. South Ken is beautiful but pretty empty at night so be aware that walking back from the tube at night you might be one of not many people on the street. Still, never felt unsafe.5) Just a tip to know, if you can book your cab to/from airport online it's better than booking through hotels. The hotels all rip you off and charge like 50 pounds. Online you can find nice limo services for as little as 20 pounds!6) There is wi-fi at this hotel but there is no computer to use so y ou need to bring your laptop or your iphone.	
Oct 9 2009	Great value...great area of London	My son and I traveled to London in October 2009. We booked this hotel blindly, and I was a little concerned, not beibg familiar with the hotels in this area. (Chelsea). I was pleased to find this quaint , but very modern boutique hotel on Queensgate. Very nice room;clean and excellent service. Breakfast and bar available on the premises. Walking distance to museums, Kensington Palace and Gloucester Rd. tube stop. Personel at the hotel were very friendly and helpful..and available 24 hours. I would definitely choose this hotel again, when in London.	
Aug 4 2009	La Gaffe is a home away from Home	Recently, my partner and I stayed in this small but lovely,comfortable Boutique Hotel. The location was very convenient. Hampstead Hill is a beautiful , relaxing place after the crowds in the West End.The rooms were a bit small but being en-suite and quiet was a big plus.The breakfasts were great and the meals in the restaurant at night were very good.The management were extremely helpful and the staff were uniformly good.We run a B&amp;B in Sydney, Australia and so are a little critical when it comes to staying in others but this on lives up to all expectations. Would heartily recommend.	
Jun 7 2009 	Bumped Out of Hotel After They Took Our Bags!	My wife and I were allocated this hotel by lastminute.com as a &quot;secret hotel&quot;. We booked 2 nights with Continental Breakfast and paid £200 up front 6 weeks prior to arrival on 30/05/09 and received our online Booking Confirmation. We arrived at about 1:15pm, confirmed that we had a 2 night booking, but were told that our room would not be available until after 3pm (fair enough), but that we were welcome to leave our suitcases. I offered to do the paperwork, but was told that would not be possible. I left my bags with reception and told them I would be back later. We did not return until about 9.30pm only to be told that there was no reservation for us for that night, but that the hotel management had arranged alternative accomodation for us in another hotel, which necessitated us taking a taxi (which they paid for). We ended up staying the night in the other hotel (I dont even recall the name of it) and then the following moring we had to return to our original hotel but still could not occupy our room until after 3pm. All in all I would say that the Boutique Hotel is run like a shambles. Yes, they were made hollow apologies for the problem and yes they allegedly gave us their &quot;best room&quot; for our second night, but we were turfed out of the hotel on the first night without any explanation. We didn't even get offered a complimentary drink as an apology. The hotel is in an excellent location close to the Royal Albert Hall and Hyde park, but there are loads of other hotels in this area so in order to avoid disappointment i recommend you look for an alternative.	
May 19 2009 	Ideal base for stay in Kensington.	My wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights whilst on a trip to see Clapton at the RAH. It's ideally placed - just a 5 minute walk away. Restaurants and pubs are just a 5 minute walk away in Kensington. All staff encountered were friendly and helpful even letting us leave our luggage there after we'd checked out so we could do a bit of shopping unencumbered (Harrods 15 minutes walk). Our standard double was well appointed and whilst it was small it was large enough. Room was too hot but then we discovered the air conditioning! Absolutely no noise through the huge sash window which we were able to leave open at night (our room was at the back). Woken up at 5.30am by corridor firedoor closing several times. Next morning, when we mentioned this to the staff they apologised and explained it was some late returning guests who weren't staying a second night. They offered to move us but we stayed put and the second night was fine. Superb shower (always important) and generous breakfast. The duty manager was great as a tourist information resource - best tube station, directions, buses etc. Would love to go back.	
Apr 8 2009 	My favourite business hotel	I really love this hotel, the staff make you feel like it is a home from home and I look forward to when I stay there	
Apr 6 2009 	Great location good value for money.	We didn't know what to expect from the hotel so it was a nice surprise.For a standard room, it was quite big taking into account other hotels in London. Bed is very good, shower is great and staff is friendly. we asked for a late check out and had no problems with that. for people who appreciates small details, you have daily newspaper and maganizes.Only two minus: some small spots in the decorative cushions and a very small tv, if you need to read legends, it's a problem.We had a very good experience and we would come back.	
Feb 27 2009 	I can not wait to stay here again	There is nothing to NOT love about this personal hotel. It is reasonably priced, in a great location, very clean and the staff is wonderful. I was shocked to read that some people have had a bad experience but I suppose those things are bound to happen. However, we lived at this incredible &quot;home away from home&quot; from 15 Feb to 22 Feb 09. It is basically in the center of London. It is not a generic chain hotel that can offer many other amenities (swimming pool, parking, fancy restaurants, bars, spa ect.) However, I can guarantee that the staff of this hotel will know your name when you walk through the door and do anything within their power to provide you with the service that will meet or exceed your expectations. They even offered to carry up all my shopping bags without even a request and will order food from local restaurants to be delivered. Your room will be a fairly good sized room in the center of London, 2 blocks away from 2 major tube stops and hundreds of restaurants. Also within 2 blocks there is a major supermarket and a 24 hour mini market. Right out the front door are several major museums. I noticed several complaints on this site regarding the size of the rooms in this hotel, the cost and lack of lift. It is my guess that these people have not stayed in London very often. There was enough space in our room for a small child's bed to be brought in when our nephew stayed one night. (Which the staff did not charge us for. Thank you) If you want a generic major hotel chain holiday, then I would not recommend this hotel for you. However, if you are looking for a quiet, relaxing and enjoyable stay, then this is the place for you. The staff made us feel like very special guests and I can not wait to return.	
Feb 18 2009 	A good contemporary style hotel near to the Natural History Museum	A very good stopover on our way to Spain by train. It is a modern hotel with comfortable beds, and a smart bathroom. We did not have a view from our back room but it was very quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is very near to The Natural History Museum and restaurants. The breakfast was very good and plentiful. We would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Not bad... Not good	A friend and I were going to Cirque Du Soleil at the Royal Albert Hall, and so location was a key factor (especially as it was particularly cold that weekend!!)So based on location, this hotel was perfect... it was literally just around the corner from the Albert Hall.We were put into a room on the 4th floor (the lift only operated for the first 2 floors) and I must say that from the photos on their website, I was shocked at how small the room was!There was a lot of noise coming through from the room next door, which I think was actually somebody's flat, so not the fault of the hotel.The bar was very pleasant, but massively over-priced (not really a surprise though considerring the location of the hotel)Over all, I would say that our stay at the hotel was good, but you could certainly find a LOT better for the money they charged!	
Jan 12 2009 	Lovely Getaway	Just returned from a wonderful weekend away in this hotel. After being delayed for 3 hrs at the airport and then having to take a replacement bus after the Stanstead Express was cancelled. Though initially google directed me the wrong way to the hotel once the hotel was found it was bliss. The room was not the largest room but was still better then some accommodation I have stayed in in london. The bed was so comfortable that we managed to sleep in both mornings. The staff were extremely helpful and always had a smile for us. Would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London	
Dec 19 2008 	Great night's sleep	Very clean and comfortable room, and the bathroom was huge (and very clean too). The staff were friendly and helpful, offering services such as arranging an iron in the room before arrival. breakfast was nice too. Only problem is that the fire alarms are sensitive to steam (from the shower) and we were woken at midnight by the alarm! It was quickly sorted though and didn't marr our stay.Very nice indeed.	
Dec 8 2008 	Excellent 	Super location for the museums, Hyde Park &amp; Harrods.The staff were all extremely friendly &amp; helpful.We had a lovely room which was large,clean and warmand the bathroom was lovely.All in all i would definately stay again and recommend it to others	
Oct 8 2008 	Excellent for a base	We stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights as a short break in London with some friends. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel doesnt try to be what it isnt and the reception staff were excellent. Very friendly, keen to engage with you and polite - certainly not givens in London!The rooms were basic but perfectly adequate. The beds are firm and the bathrooms small but totally functional apart from the lack of tea and coffee making facilities. For a hotel in London, the room was very quiet. Breakfast is continental only which was a bit disappointing and the arrangments are a bit limited. There are only two tables and if they are taken then you have to sit on the sofas which isnt all that comfortable.The location is great depending on what you want to do. For museums it is good, for nightlife not so good. We wanted the former so no problems for us. Only one other area for improvement I think. There is only one person on duty in reception and they also service the bar and the entrance to the hotel (which is by intercom). This is over-stretching them a little I think but their attitude was fantastic despite this.The bar didnt have any lemon for drinks which was a bit surprising but not catastrophic either!All in all a good experience. We would use the hotel again	
Oct 5 2008 	Neat and Stylish.	Researching London hotels, I found many at less than £100, which looked awful, and many at £350, which was too expensive. However, this is one of the few in the middle price range. It was clean and neat. The walls are pale grey, and there are no patterns anywhere - a good thing, as I think that all the rooms are small. The hotel is in a side street, and our room looked out on to the trees in the grounds of the Natural History Museum, which was nice. It was also quieter than being on the main road.We went to the Royal Albert Hall, which took us 10 mins. walking slowly up the hill. It was very convenient for that, and there is also a tube nearby. However, there were no cafes close, although if you walk towards Knightsbridge there are several.The OxfordTube bus stops in Notting Hill, and it is a pleasant walk accross the park to Queensgate.	
Aug 24 2008 	Small friendly hotel	Small, resembling a pansion, hotel next to the Natural History Museum.The small deluxe double room had a terrace, which is fantastic when you are a smoker but, looks at a dull white wall which could better exploited by the hotel, for instance some plants or whatever to reduce stimulation of claustrophoebic feelings.The bathroom was excellent.The third bed promised by the hotel was there but was meant to serve a kid and not a third adult as it was explicitly and prior to the deal agreed- ...Breakfast must have been very dull, though included in the price we prefered going out and have some.( By the way I noticed that it was served on the buffet from 6 o' clock in the morning whereas the hotel was serving it after 08:00, meaning how these poor croissants could be fresh, hot and crispy if you decided to have them at, let's say 09:00?).Nothing to dine in the room, poor mini bar and as a conclusion, not a boutique hotel but a small, decent one with very polite people at the desk front and, sorry to tell this, lousy decoration especially in the lounge.	
Aug 18 2008 	dont do it	awful....small, small room for 3 of us...we had a double room with a cot...cot was unusable...room was barely able to hold us...beds were terrible...bathroom was great but they should have spent more on the beds...had to walk up 2 flights of steps...no lift after floor 2 we were on the 4th...no internet, no phone book to make other hotel reservations, poor location...would be good for young backpackers maybe...I guess you get what you pay for...definitely not a recommend.	
Jul 5 2008 	It is really nice.	My brother stayed here recently, so when I was in town, i decided to as well. All i can say is, yes, it is small, yes it i a bit hard to locate from the street and yes, the staff are good. A nice, simple hotel. great location and just plain nice and clean. well done boys!	
Jun 30 2008 	Smallintimate Hotel. Very nice.	We have stayed here a couple of times in the past. We both like the location and the Hotel. Excellent base for the museums, (out the front door, cross the road and you're there). OK, the Hotel is not enormous, but because of this, the service is much more personal. The Manager, a guy called James is thoroughly charming and his team couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast is simple, no heart clogging English Breakfast, which was great.The room we had (at the front) was lovely. Admittedly not the biggest room, but spotless and very well maintained. My only issue? The Minibar. Placed in a corner, did someone steal the cabinet it should fit in?Overall, a great place with a good location and nice staff.	
Jun 4 2008 	good job i didn't pack a cat	Having stayed at your hotel on 28th May I was hugely disappointed. The rooms dispite looking fabulously spacious on the website, was in my case, not big enough to swing a cat. I booked through laterooms so I wouldn't have expected the best room but they had a fair amount of availability that night according to reception I would have thought it possible to have a better room. I also requested outdoor space if at all possible but it appears that was not the case.The wine list is great but to charge about £9 for a glass of Chablis and then to serve it at little under room temperature was far from ideal.It's such a shame the experience I had doesn't live up to image portrayed on the well thought out website.	
May 7 2008 	No Hot Water!!	London: Fiftyfour Boutique Hotel: &quot;I will not return!&quot;I have just returned from a Weekend at the fiftyfour boutique hotel.The hotel propaganda says: (The hotel lies between Knightsbridge and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.  Fifty-Four Boutique Hotel is a traditional London town house with its own special qualities. Our guests find a quiet sanctuary from the bustle of London where they can relax in comfort.)My room (room 20) was cosy and featured a decked terrace...The first impression was magnificent...The air-conditioning was noisy, and the &quot;modern ensuite bathroom&quot;, as they advertise, did not have Hot Water!Why go back to this Hotel ...	
Apr 7 2008 	Not quite "boutique" but has all the basics	This hotel meets the minimum standards expected in terms of cleanliness etc., however, I do not think it is exceptional enough to be labelled a &quot;boutique hotel.&quot;The good things about the hotel are: great location, clean rooms, helpful conceirge. As I arrived on a very early morning flight and arrived at the hotel around 7am I was allowed to check in to my hotel right away. Based on the other reviews, I would say that the rooms at Fifty Four probably vary somewhat. I had a single room which was quite small.	
Apr 3 2008 	Basic Hotel..	The hotel has a good location.But it's a small hotel..Clean rooms helpful staff.The lobby is too small and there are only few tables, that's all.The holes also so narrow and it's difficult to pass in holes while someone is coming from ahead.I thought to stay in &quot;The Rembrandt&quot; hotel but it wasn't available.Rembrandt is really great, similar price, great location and it's a real hotel.Not a pension !! like queensgate..	
Dec 9 2007 	Fabulous Service	If you wish to be in the Queen's Gate area of London, this is a charming Hotel I would highly recommend. The double room I stayed was immaculately clean with high ceiling. The air conditionig purred quietly. I had a very comfortable night. The continental buffet style breakfast had a good selection and the large coissant I had tasted fresh and delicious. I was as usual in a hurry while packing and left my Ipod Nano in the safe. Only when I arrived home late in the afternoon that I noticed I have left it. I immediatley rang the hotel and was told that it was not found but as the room was already occupied, they will search the next day. My husband receive a phone call the following day and was informed that the Ipod was located and handed in. He asked them to post it to us and giving details of our credit card to pay for the postage.My Ipod is now returned undamaged and I wish to commend 54 Boutique Hotel for its extra help in this matter.	
Nov 4 2007 	Tries Hard but results disappointing	Fifty Four Boutique Hotel is situated about ten minutes walk from Gloucester Road or South Kensington Tubes, close to the museum district and Imperial College. It is a large converted regency terrace property with a lot of stairs - not ideal for guests with limited mobility although there is a lift to some floors. Boutique really describes the limited service rather than the decor. The rooms tend towards spartan rather than minimalist and the decor sits uncomfortably with the period property. It would be hard to use them as a base for a business visit - the desk space is not adequate for working at. The rooms are clean enough and the staff conspicuously friendly and efficient. There is no restaurant but a reasonable continental breakfast is included and served in the downstairs room that doubles as a bar and a lounge. Basically, this establishment comes close to being serviced rooms rather a hotel as conventionally understood. There is nothing wrong with this and the rates reflect the service offered but guests might be disappointed if they expected the quality of environment and pampering that goes with other 'boutique' hotels.	
Oct 19 2007 	Really liked this hotel	I have just come back from a 4 night business trip to London and spent 4 very comfortable nights at 54 Boutique Hotel in South Kensington. I had to book a hotel at short notice with a budget of just £120.00 per night which proved quite difficult in central London. I found the hotel through Last Minute or Late Rooms but actually got a cheaper room by booking direct with the hotel. Admittedly my single room was tiny with the smallest shower cubicle I have ever come across and yet there was something charming about staying here. The accommodation was clean and modern and, as a single female traveller, I felt exceptionally safe. The staff are all really helpful and courteous which added to my nice experience. There is a bar/breakfast room and although no kettle in my room the staff were always happy to give me fresh pots of hot water and a cup and saucer to take back to my room to make tea. There is no restaurant but the deliverance service (hot food to order delivered to the hotel) is absolutely fine and pretty reasonably priced. I always ate mine in the bar which didn't bother the staff at all - in fact they provided me with plates, knives and forks and napkins each evening for this. The hotel is no more than a 5 minute walk to Gloucester Road underground and right opposite the Natural History Museum. It's an upmarket location and I would readily recommend a stay here for business or pleasure. Would definitely come back again.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great for leisure not business.	First, I should begin with the positive as there were some things that were great at the hotel. The location was terrific and great for walking to Hyde Park, museums and the tube. The staff was very friendly and seemed to know who you were. I had a colleague call and they were able to let him know I had left one hour prior. The rooms were spacious and the bath was newly remodeled and very nice. The complimentary breakfast was a great way to begin the day and spared me from uneeded expenses. There were a few negative aspects of my stay too. They do not have alarm clocks in the rooms and offer wake up calls. I did not receive 2 of them! They write them on a sheet next to your room, but if they are tending to another issue it is easy for them to forget. One of the issues that needed attending to was the fire alarm. The alarm is easily set off by steamy showers. The alarm goes of when fellow patrons fail to read the sign in the bathroom and leave the door open. This happened several times at 11:30 pm and 6:30 am! The rooms are also very noises and you hear ever foot step and bathroom noise of other rooms.As I stated in my title, these would have been mildly amusing (if I had been on holiday), but were a huge source of stress during my business trip.	
Sep 17 2007 	Okay - but depends which room you get	First, some positives:-Good location, particularly for leisure visitors, as it's walkable to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, V&amp;A, Natural History Museum, etc. -Helpful, friendy staff.-Clean, comfortable furnishings.-The bar does good (free) coffee.The big negative was that the room was terrible. Booking months in advance obviously doesn't guarantee a decent room, as I ended up with Room no.1. Now, if you're offered this dark, subterranean basement, directly under the wooden-floored lounge bar, I suggest looking for another hotel. The room is below street level, with a staircase right outside the window that doubles as a staff entrance. The Queens Gate traffic is busy - and it's pretty weird hearing the cars drive above your head. You can't sleep with the window open and the air con made random loud buzzing noises throughout the night. At 2.00AM a member of staff stood outside the window having a noisy cellphone conversation. At 6AM, they start stomping around upstairs laying out the breakfast. Finally, at 9AM the builders started drilling on the apartments next door.I hardly slept a wink here. Nice staff, but they should use No.1 as a storeroom.	
Aug 7 2007 	Excellent hotel great value for central London.	My husband booked a standard double room directly with the hotel at a very reasonable £119 including breakfast. The situation was perfect on a quiet street in Kensington, seconds away from the Natural History and V&amp;A museums. On arrival we were upgraded to a junior suite (number 4) which although did not have an outside view was extremely spacious with very clean modern furnishings. We did not drink in the bar but ordered wine and coffees in our room which was delivered quickly and courteously. When we arrived back from the theatre at 11pm there were still several people in the bar area so it was not lacking in atmosphere like some small hotels. An added bonus was that we were able to park right outside, rare in central London! Breakfast was continental with nice coffee and an OK selection of the normal fare although it did state on the menu to ask for other options. There is no restaurant on site but food can be ordered in for you from the 'Deliverance' service. Overall an excellent value, modern hotel with very good staff. We will use it again.	
Jul 14 2007	Don't Waste Your Money	The standard of accommodation is well below that can be achieved elsewhere in London. The rooms are so small that the furniture is made to measure to fit the rooms. Check the floor area before booking. Breakfast is served in the bar area and you will be lucky to get a seat to enjoy it	
Jun 19 2007 	A fine hotel	We stayed only for one night in this hotel on 15 June 2007. We booked through a hotel website and were quoted £139 for the standard double room inclusive of continental breakfast. We must admit that some of the comments read on the Tripadvisor reviews did put some doubt as to whether we had done the right thing, but we were pleasantly surprised, and had a very comfortable and agreable stay. We travelled to the hotel by tube, alighting at Gloucester Road station. We timed our walk to the hotel to be exactly 6 minutes walking at a gentle pace, with bags to carry. We fail to understand the comments about the long distance of this hotel from the tube station!Upon arrival, we were given a choice of a smaller room facing the rear on a lower floor, or a larger room on the 4th floor facing the road. We chose the latter, and were not disappointed. There is a small lift to the second floor only, and you have two flights of stairs to the top. Unless you were serious disabled, in which case the point would be valid, we failed to see how this was a problem to some...But if this is an issue, then best to request a room up to the second floor only. Our room at the top had great views of the Natural History museum, and was pleasantly quiet and free from traffic noise.Our room had ample storage and hanging space for our evening wear (we were going to an evening 'black tie' function), and would have been ok for storing several days' worth of clothing. The room was equipped with a safe which worked perfectly, the bathroom had a large shower where one does not get bruises knocking the sides and the normal complimentary toiletries were of good quality, but please, not luxurious as some mentioned! There was ample supply of towels too.There was very efficient air conditioning which kept the room at a comfortable temperature. The bed was a large kingsize which was arguably a tad too large for the room, there was just enough space to move from one side to the other one person at a time! But this is London after all, and the property is a grand old house where all rooms were former residences, and it is normal to expect a huge variation in the size and shapes of those rooms. The bland all rooms the same the world over of large hotel chains it ain't.We found the bed ultra comfortable, but the bedding was a little too warm (big fluffy duvet) for the time of the year. A lighter version would have been perfect. The duvet was a little on the small side for the size of the bed, too, but we did not find this a problem as we spent most of our night above the covers rather than under as it was too warm to stay under!The standard of the decoration was simple, neutral, but spotless. The carpet was very clean, we did not find one stain on it. The room smelled fresh and inviting, and the free bottle water was welcome after a long and sweaty train and tube journey. We loved the snug bar/coffee lounge by the reception. We ordered a nice bottle of wine, and sipped away at it for a while reading the papers. Coffee and tea was very good too, and free all day. The wine was very reasonably priced at £15 a bottle, which we thought was also cheap for London. The continental breakfast bar was ample for our needs. Finally, we paid what we were quoted, and the staff was courteous, helpful without being intrusive. The night porter was opening the door for us when we returned very late even before we had rung the bell! We would certainly return to this hotel for short stays in London, it is one of the best finds we have made in a long time. The access to the West end is excellent, and the location is great, the hotel is comfortable without pretence, and the staff were polite and helpful.	
Jun 3 2007 	Loved the White Wine Taster Evenings!!!!	This boutique hotel is a hidden gem right in the heart of London's musuems and hyde park. It had a very clean and trendy feel to the place, felt like home in California. Grand townhouse split into sections. The customer service was absolutely amazing! These guys Mohamed and Thomas was amazing, made the breakfast atmosphere a pleasureable experience. Reception was a little discreet, so it did confuse us. We booked a double room with a bath, facing the back. I have to say the view of a historial mews was a pleasure to see. In the evening they had a white wine taster session complimentary and the following wine at a amazing £5.00 a glass the best Chenin Blanc I have tasted for a longtime. This gives a nice touch and relaxed atmosphere to the bar and hotel. Too be honest this hotel do not have mini bars or tea or coffee's because you dont need them, the staff will accommodate any request.We will be staying again next time in London. We recommend this hotel for its location, atmosphere and the 'funniest and sociable' staff we've come across.	
Feb 13 2007 	Very bad Experience	Hello everyone,My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for the night of Dec 31 on the hotel's website. We booked the only Suite of the hotel as it looks really nice on the website and it is affordable. We gave our card details and everything to guarantee the booking and around 6pm onthe 31st of Dec we got there and the guy at the reception gave us our key and said &quot;Ah, you have the nicest room of the hotel! Enjoy your stay&quot; We went up to our room and opened the door, and it was a very tiny, standard room, so we went back downstairs and basically to make a long story short, the hotel had given the suite to a family of 4 that were staying for like 3 nights, with obviously a higher revenue for the hotel. No need to say that we could not believe this and the attitude of the person at the reception at the beginning was also quite aggressive. He also knew that he gave us the key of a Standard room but still pretended it was for the Suite according to his comment when he gave us the key. We got him to find us a room of the same standard for the same rate in the same area, by which time it was nearly 8 pm. Lucky enough we got a room in a much nicer hotel, the Park City Hotel in Kensington, where we had an executive room, absolutely beautiful, clean, fantastic for less money. I would recommend to leave the 54 Boutique Hotel as a last resource if you have to find accommodation in London. They are not professional at all and the hotel is not even as nice as it looks. Even our email complaint to the General Manager had not results in getting an apology...	
Jan 28 2007	A great hotel for a lovely weekend	We had a lovely stay at this great boutique hotel. It's pretty pricey on the web site but I just phoned up and quoted the price I saw on lastminute and they matched it. Apart from a not-so-perfect vacuuming job on the stairs, we had a great room with a good mattress, a fluffy duvet, good selection of bath products, a modern room, a lovely view over the mews and we were served a pretty decent breakfast. Since some rooms only have showers we asked for a bathtub and this was no extra cost.	
Nov 7 2006 	The best in its price range	I have spent the last four months travelling to London on business and have spent a lot of time in over-priced, under- maintained, and at times, downright shabby hotels. The general standard in London is very poor for the money you pay. I found this place last week and although it is a little furtther across town than I would like (I am working in Docklands) the quality of the hotel more than makes up for the extra travel and I will be trying to get in there every week from now on. Quite simply, it is far and away the best value place I have stayed at - the rooms are spacious, clean, well-appointed and well-decorated. The bathrooms are well stocked and perform solidly. The staff are helpful and friendly. The breakfasts, though simple, are fresh, relaxed and relatively well priced. If you are paying the full rate you may feel that you are being a little over-charged but consdering some of the dross around charging considerably more than 54 Queensgate, then maybe its not so bad. But if you can get a reduced rate then there is probably nowhere better for the same kind of price (my stay was charged at £89 plus breakfast and I got a free upgrade on arrival from a single to a double room).	
Aug 20 2006	loved the queensgate	We stayed in the queensgate hotel (this is no. 54 queensgate, not to be confused with 130 queensgate mentioned in other reviews) for a short stay in london and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is in a great location, 5 mins from the tube station and we found the staff in the hotel to be friendly and very helpful. Our room was small but very comfortable and the lounge/bar area was great for relaxing with a drink after a long days sightseeing. We were accompanied by three friends on our trip all of whom shared our opinion about the hotel. We did have concerns after reading bad reviews about this hotel but were very pleasantly surprised. We did not pay full price for this hotel as we booked through another website, I would recommend looking for these offers. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2006	High standard good value (for the best part of London)	I have stayed at these serviced apartments three times over the last three years. I think it's one of the best value places in London (especially in south kensington). The apartments have modern fit-out, are very clean, reasonably large and have everything you need for a self-service stay. The place is however, getting a little tired and the service is just OK (but you don't really need service at this place because everything you need is already there!).It's in an excellent location (500 meters from the tube) and walking distance to everything you want (including the beautiful kensington palace gardends).I will continue to stay here.	
Jul 31 2006	The worst hotel I have ever paid for!	Please, I urge you do not go to this hotel. I booked this hotel through a reputable website under the impression that I was going to stay in a luxury boutique hotel. It was an anniversary surprise for my boyfriend and having looked at the hotel's own website thought we would have a wonderful evening ahead of us. However when I got to the hotel and walked into my allocated &quot;deluxe double&quot; room I was utterly appalled. It was extrememly far from being deluxe, the carpets were dirty, there was no air conditioning, the furniture was shabby and the ceiling in the bathroom was damp and falling down! After asking to be moved, and getting nowhere, my boyfriend and I decided that we simply could not stay there the night as we had more luxury back at home in Crouch End!! The final insult was that no compensation was offered. In fact I couldn't get any money back no matter how hard I tried.I am shocked that this hotel can get away with charging such extortionate prices!	
Jul 28 2006 	Dreadful Hotel	I booked this hotel under the false pretense that it is advertised as a &quot;boutique&quot;, &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. It is not. It is simply a converted old apartment building, connected to other old apartment buildings. The website is very deceiving, there are no grounds to speak of, and very few of the rooms have terraces. Most importatly, the readers have a right to know, there is no air-conditioning, and there is a lift that takes you to the 2nd floor. Good luck if your room is on the 4th floor. I travel a lot, and this may have been the worst hotel I have stayed at in quite some time. As soon as we arrived, we were dissapointed with the appearance. Then we had to carry our large suitcases two flights of stairs (each flight having about 15 steps). The room, which was on the 4th floor, had no air-conditioning, and was literaly about 90 degress all night, it never cooled down. Additionally, the person at the check in counter would not refund us our money (about 130 pounds for the evening) when I indicated i fetl totally misled by the website. Although I understand it is standard practice to charge the first night if you do not give the hotel enough notice, this clearly indicates they are not into customer service. To top it off, the carpets in the hallway were all very old and had mildew, which was very unattractive. I rarely write reviews on things as I truly am too busy, but people have a right to know what this hotel is truly like. We cut our stay short at this hotel and moved into another hotel the next day (and because it was such short notice at the new hotel, we had to pay 300 pounds a night for a room). it was still the best 300 pounds I have spent to get away from this hotel. All I ask from the proprietors is to advertise your hotel honestly. Your custmers would feel much better about it.	
Jul 25 2006	Service what service!	Great location especially if you enjoy visiting museums.Rooms good size and clean but by the end of our 5 day stay housekeeping very slack.Staff at reception very uninterested and not helpful with any of our requests or enquirys.Make sure you have everything in writing ,we booked 1 room for 2 with breakfast which they had no record of breakfast,a second room booked for family members visiting when we paid they said that it had included breakfast which we hadnt asked for but were charged on departure.	
Jul 19 2006	Avoid this one	I recently stayed in this hotel, as much, if anything, based on reviews. I travel repeatedly to London from the US (and grew up in London) and am always trying different hotels. My complaint about this hotel, which I gave to management, as did other guests in my prescence, was that the brochure was entirely misleading. It should be marketed as a bead and breakfast not a hotel.	
Jun 29 2006	Different the second time around	We stayed at the queensgate a few years ago shortly after it opened around this same time of year. We found it brilliant in all respects, noting it had no air conditioning (problematic if London gets hot) and the elevator does not reach the top floor. Service was excellent, the staff knowledgeable and the facilities very comfortable if not plush. We added it to on our short list of properties to recommend in London. That stay merited 4 or 5 filled circles.We still think the queensgate is a good value given its prime location if you get an internet discounted rate but are less enthusiastic going forward. The proximity to both the south kensington and the gloucester road tube stops is a big advantage. Lots of restaurants, convenient bus service, a quieter neighborhood and relatively close to the Heathrow for central London hotels are all good reasons to stay in the Kensington area. Pros: beds and bed linens comfortable; nice soaps, lotions and shampoos; continental breakfast and beverages included in package we booked and plentiful; the breakfast guy is very service oriented; breakfast area/bar are conducive to socializing or relaxing. Cons: The biggest change we noted was the inconsistency in service. Everyone who works there is most polite, and two in particular did an outstanding job of helping us with restaurant reservations and other advice. Internet access was pricey (10 pounds per day for wired or wireless) and difficult to access. The other hesitation in our recommendation is the need for greater attention to maintenance and some upgrading of facilities. Our room safe (not big enough for a laptop if you're wondering) had a low battery. We called it to reception's attention four days in a row before it was fixed. The light over the sink kept turning on &amp; off. The carpets are clean but starting to look worn. The mattress was starting to sag; one bathrobe had a sizeable hole in the front. The room has one undersized stool that's uncomfortable for more than the minute or so it takes to tie one's shoes. The desk surface had a lot of water stains. None of these are &quot;deal killers&quot; in and of themselves; but taken as a whole, the impression is the facilities will continue to decline between visits. We did take the time to visit about six other hotels in the same neighborhood. Those visits reinforced the impression the queensgate is in the middle of the pack (facilities versus tariff) these days.	
Jun 7 2006	Quite nice- not luxurious	We stayed in a &quot;deluxe&quot; bedroom. It was quite spacious overlooking the National History Museum. I was lead to believe the room would have a garden or sitting out area as desrcibed on the website but we didn't get one. Our room was up quite a lot of stairs so check when you book if you have trouble climbing stairs (there is a lift up to the second floor). The bathroom and accessories was lovely no complaint. There was a hairdryer, tv and DVD player as you can hire a DVD from reception. There is no kitchen so they have a takeaway service in a variety of culinary tastes. We ordered Chinese and it was lovely. One thing which did annoy me was that there was no coffee or tea facilities, you could go down to reception and get a complimentary cup, but it meant getting dressed and going downstairs. The hotel was very quiet and the continental breakfast was good. Would probably book again but specify what you want i.e with a garden and first or second floor to avoid the climb!	
May 20 2006	Not bad not great	We stayed here for a weekend after getting a good internet rate for the room. The hotel's in a very good position for museums and the decor is very chic. However, as the colours are largely pale and neutral, any stains and wear does tend to show up. Our room was at the back and had a large decked terrace which, given a sunny day, would have been lovely. The room itself was fine, but not exactly lavish. A lamp was broken; no tea or coffee-making facilities or mini-bar and the duvet was barely large enough for the bed. The staff were very pleasant and continental breakfast served in the bar area was pretty good. Overall, I liked the hotel but would possibly not like it quite so much at full rate	
May 19 2006	40th birthday	For my partners 40th birthday we spent 2 nights at the concorde hotel and had a fantastic time.The helpful &amp; friendly staff really made our short stay very welcome.The hotel is situated in an excellent region part of london close to harrods,hyde park and the london tour bus stops which take you on a great and informative journey.We will be returning in the near furture mart,deb &amp; steve from birmingham.p.s i highley recomend ordering their pizza,very very tastie.	
Apr 15 2006	Perfect stay	We loved this hotel! I had booked a 2 day trip to London for my boyfriend and I and discovered the Queensgate Hotel on a last minute website.The location of the hotel is great. The hotel is just round the corner from Gloucester Road tube stop - and only 2 or 3 stops away from everything you need, including Victoria Train Station, Notting Hill, Piccadily Circus, The London Eye etcOn arrival, we were a little early, but the staff were brilliant, they took our bags and offered us complimentary drinks while they got our room ready. The small lounge bar is ideal - very relaxing. The staff are so courteous, they will do anything for you, and well, they just seemed really good people!Our bedroom was great, it was a deluxe room, situated on the basement. We had doors leading out onto a patio, where there was stairs leading up to a roof terrace. The weather was great so this was particularly nice at night when the sky was so clear. There is a huge telly and DVD player in the room - which was great when we got in drunk at 1.00am! The bathroom is small, but all you need - the shower is amazing! I think the beds are kingsize and they have gorgeous egyptian cotton sheets!The breakfast, although continental and I could have done with a full english, was delivered to our room for an extra charge, and I must say, thoroughly refreshing.We loved everything about this hotel - location, price, customer service, room etcWe will definitely stay at the Queensgate Hotel again, most likely every time we go to London!	
Mar 25 2006	Good location average rooms	The location of this hotel is fabulous. Just next to Hyde Park and the museums. The rooms and infrastructure however are average but still well above tourist-class. If you get a good deal, you won't be dissapointed.	
Nov 30 2005 	Not impressed at all	The pictures on the website do not paint an accurate picture of this place. The carpets are shabby, the bathrooms need attention - dirty grouting for example, and my room was dark and dreary.In fairness to the staff they moved me to an alternative room which was brighter but as mentioned above the bathroom needed some work. The staff are polite and helpful and the location is good for the museums and shopping etc so there are a few positive points.Overall I was not impressed and I won't stay here again.	
Nov 28 2005	fabulous little find	I've just returned from six nights at the Queensgate and it was really fabulous. It's true that the carpets are dirty, but everything else about this hotel was absolutely outstanding. I didn't experience any of the problems other reviewers experienced (and was on the lookout for them as I'd read the reviews before heading out). I'm interested that someone found it took 15 minutes to the tube--I routinely walked to Gloucester Road tube in 3 minutes and South Kengington in about 8. This hotel's location is one of its major attractions--literally across the street from the Natural History Museum and easy walking to the V&amp;A and the science museum as well as some of better restaraunts and shopping. Harrods right down the way, as well. Also, the Kensington Creperie, a must-eat in London and the Kensington branch of My Old Dutch are an easy walk.Other things I loved about the hotel: the staff are friendly and fun and went out of their way to accomodate the guests; we didn't need much accomodation but I watched the desk clerk spend significant time setting up a tour of windsor for another group of guests. The hotel bar is cute and they serve a mean vodka drink. Free latte and tea all day long (we spent one afternoon in the bar/lounge drinking tea and reading--fantastically restful). Free mineral water in the rooms. Our room was huge (we had a twin) but we did glimpse some tiny rooms when we were going through the halls.Our bathroom was spotless and we had copious quantities of hot water whenever we wanted. Our bath products were never replenished, even when empty, which was one of my only disapointments with this hotel. Other disapointments: the lift is tiny but functional, they do not have a surplus of TV channels. (But they do have a DVD player in the room and a good selection of DVDs available.) As for the breakfast question: Yes it was croissants and hard rolls. And also cheese and ham and yogurt and butter, and juice and coffee and tea and chocolate croissants and jam and honey, and cereal and milk. I think I've listed all of the options. I agree, it's not a hearty breakfast, but it was fine for us. We didn't have any trouble finding a place to sit in the lounge, even at the weekend--it was full but not crowded.Overall, this is an excellent boutique hotel and I will absolutely stay here again!	
Oct 21 2005 	Smart little boutique hotel	Really nice contemporary hotel in a good area.I stayed in a single room which was only small but perfectly adequate for my time there. Rooms contain a good selection of toiletries, bath robe and a 'proper' hairdryer.Loved the minimalist decor, the egyptian cotton sheets and the power shower (it nearly knocked me over!). Although only continental, the breakfast had a decent and plentiful choice. Would definately go back.	
Oct 13 2005 	Overated and over priced	Whilst the location and service of the hotel staff was very good - the overall standard and cleanliness of the hotel was very poor- decoration very scruffy, very unclean carpets- heavily soiled in the room I was allocated, lumpy beds, mouldy bathrooms- it requires its 4 star down rating. Breakfast was very poor- bread rolls and croissants do not constitute a continental breakfast.Very disappointed- wouldn't dream of going back, unless a major redecoration is implemented	
Aug 22 2005	Fab Value for Money	Stayed here for one night when in London. We paid £60 for a double with breakfast - which is astonishing (via Lastminute.com) - you cannot even get a scabby travel inn in London for that!The Hotel receptionist (I think he was called John) was extremely pleasant, he upgaded us free of charge. We were in Room 2 (in the Basement) - which was dark, though felt very relaxed though, had patio doors leading to terrace which let up some stairs to another roof terrace - which was very pleasant (though shared with 2 other Rooms). The Hotel on the surface is quite smart - however, there are sogns of ageing - decor is a bit rough round the edges and the carpets I do admit are stained (though most places in London are!). Our room was very noisy in the night - due to a badly fitting door which rattled. Also the cleaning staff did seem to congregate outside our room very early in the morning. Having said that, for this incredible price (Which included a very pleasant continental breakfast in a charming room) - i can only rate this as an excellent deal. If I had paid rack rate of £180 I may have had a different view. The staff were all lovely. The free tea and coffee all day is a nice touch. The location is very good for Knightsbridge, The Natural History Museum, V&amp;A, Kensington Palace Gardens, Albert Hall etc. The nearest Tube is Gloucester Rd at 8 mins walk. Harrods is maybe 15 minutes. Knightsbridge 15 mintes. Previous reviews have said it was badly located - I'd suggest to that reviewer that they should have bought a guide book and done some research before booking a hotel in an area where you won't spend most of your time! I think the personal and individual nature of the hotel far beats many of the poorly decorated and souless chains (Radisson, Holiday inn etc. which are overpriced, poorly managed and like everywhere else in London staffed by Eastern Europeans who can barely grunt at you!).I would definitely recommend this hotel even if you didn't get such a great rate. We were shown two other rooms (a superior) and the Mega Suite (which sleeps 4) - all rooms are of the same standard, same furnishings and merely vary in size. If you are not spending much time in your room - then a standard will be absolutely fine. All bathrooms are of a similar good standard.Another bonus is the free parking if you park after 1830 midweek, 1330 on a Saturday and all day Sunday and Bank Holidays - a definite plus!	
Jun 6 2005	A nice hotel	We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel. The hotel was nicely decorated with its modern boutiquish feel. Our room was not big, but definitely bigger than some of the other London hotels we've stayed at. Here is a list of our pros and cons...Pros:- This hotel is located in a quite neighborhood, so not a lot of noise from the outside.- Nicely decorated.- The staff was very nice.- Bathroom was a good size.Cons:- The carpet had stains.- The bed was lumpy.- The metro stop wasn't as close as we had hoped. It was about a 10-15 minute walk to the metro. (With a long day of siteseeing and walking, the walk to the hotel seems very long.)	
May 15 2005	A nice hotel for London	I've traveled to London more than 30 times and have stayed everywhere immaginable. On our most recent trip for a theater holiday, my husband and I stayed at the Queensgate because of a very nice price on Expedia. The Queensgate is in South Kensington, very near my favorite museum, the V&amp;A, so I loved the location. The hotel is in a refurbished townhouse, so it feels small and personal. The rooms were very comfortable, and I liked the modern streamlined furnishings which are so much nicer the the stuffy and not always clean furnishings in more traditional small London hotels. We were there in early April, so it wasn't high season and we arrived in the middle of the week, so the hotel wasn't terribly full. But, once the weekend arrived and the hotel was full, it had all of the same problems that every other private London hotel seems to have. They couldn't accommodate all of the guests for breakfast when they arrived, and ran out of hot water for the showers. It always amazes me that the hotel staff seems surprised by these events as they must happen every weekend, but they always seem perfectly flummoxed and have no system in place to handle things or any other recommendation than to wait an hour for hot water or for breakfast. We are taking my 73 year old mother and my 18 year old niece to London at the beginning of June and thought about staying here again, but decided against it in favor of a more traditional hotel. It's fine for experienced travelers to have to deal with a lack of hot water or a place to have breakfast, but I want my mom and niece to have a nicer experience. We decided to stay at the Best Western Hotel John Howard just down the street based on TripAdvisor recommendations which sounds like it will be a bit more professional.	
Apr 9 2005	Excellent location excellent service	My boyfriend and I spent the last 5 days of 2003 (including New Year's Eve) at the Queensgate. The hotel was amazing -- chic, cool, and comfortable. We were able to get an early check in (since our flight from NYC arrived in the morning, London-time) and they were kind enough to serve us cappacinos while we waited for our room to be ready. The breakfasts were simple, but great -- croissants, fruit, coffee and tea. Location was phenomenal -- just a few blocks from the nearest tube station (with a Starbucks and a supermarket nearby!).The rooms were small, by American standards, but beautifully done. We were in a basement room, but there was plenty of light, the room was clean, and the bathroom was gorgeous. I LOVED the Frette sheets and am saving my money to get a set for myself!The service was great -- everyone was cordial, pleasant and friendly. They made sure food was plenty in the morning and hot drinks available in the afternoons.If the price is right, make the reservation!	
Jan 24 2005	Choose 54 Queensgate for Tranquil Settings 	My husband and I wish to thank all the staff at 54 Queensgate Hotel for making our 3 day stay celebrating our anniversary in London absolutely enjoyable and special with a personal touch of attentive yet professional care by them. Our double room was very spacious with a terrace that leads to a surprisingly lovely deck from up the stairway and you can sit out count the stars or the chimney stacks, neighboring rooftop terraces and enjoy the other side of London you don't see often with its cosmopolitan flair - its the beautiful historic preservation of its architecture which we include this hotel to set a fine example to admire.&lt;p&gt; If you want to take nice strolls in lovely South Kensington surrounded by a variety of restaurants or cafes to choose from....especially the patissieres (yum!), be very near enough to walk to the Royal Albert Hall, or across the street from the History Museum then this hotel should be your number one choice. Everyone was genuinely caring, attentive and a delight to speak to about whatever under the sun yet they respect your privacy. The bed was very comfortable and the heated marble tiles in the bathroom makes you want to run around barefoot just for the shear joy and fun of it! Breakfast was continental presented in a nice laid-back ambience (being a laid-back casual wear couple it was ideal) and everything was fresh - excellent coffee, tea and complimentary hot chocolate served at your asking anytime of the day or night and the tranquility we experienced throughout our stay was wonderful. The interior of the hotel is contemporary but blends in well with the original Victorian features. We had a skylight or as the Victorians would have referred to it as a cupola above our bed covered with a shade that can be removed if you desire more natural light but having a glass terrace annex to our room brought in plenty of light. Location is ideal, ambience is warm and caring and the rate was very reasonable. Overall, in comparison to the majority of hotels in London we give it 5 stars. We look forward to another lovely stay in the near future. We wish to take this opportunity to thank Louisa and Sam for their kindness and great care and wish them continued success.	
Jan 7 2005	disappointed	Me and my boyfriend decided on a last minute trip to london for new year. After scouring the trip advisor website we decided on the queensgate hotel, which mostly had glowing reports. we expected it to be small but cosy, it was a boutique hotel after all and due to the price we paid we expected it to be impressed by the rooms, but......we were not. like one reviewer said, the carpets were grubby and the whole hotel looked like it could do with some refurbishing. we paid extra for a deluxe room, but this was situated in the basement, was dark, with people walking right by our window. the only other room available was right at the top of the hotel-a killer walk away, but it was lighter although small. the breakfast consisted of a few croissants, mini kellogs vaierty packs and a bowl of fruit, and seen as though there were only 2 tables in the bar area and only a few more chairs, we had to eat over our lap. in order to make room for other people coming down it was difficult to have a leisurely breakfast. we also didnt actually realise just how far out of 'the centre' this hotel was. it took us a good hour to walk to leicester sq, which probbaly wouldnt have matter any other time of the year, as we would have just got the tube, but on new years eve, the queues were just too huge. so next time we would find somewhere in better location.all in all we were pretty disappointed with this hotel and it has certainly made us realise that you just cant beat the big hotel chains that offer more amenites and fabulous rooms for the same price.	
Dec 24 2004	Pleasant and cosy!	The Queensgate is a wonderful little hotel located in a good area of london.Harrods is a simple walk away as is gloucester road tube station..admittedly its quite a chilly walk in the winter, but what are jumpers for?!Also, the prospect of a nice free hot cup of tea or coffee on your return is always something to keep you going!The staff were helpful and pleasant and our room was large and had a wonderful bathroom with a fantastic shower!If you leave in a rush to do something and your bed is not made to the best of your ability when you return your bed is made properly and a new bottle of water and two clean glasses and towels are in your room!We had a lovely stay at the queensgate hotel and would recommend it to anyone! Its situated near food restuarants for any tastes and its not exactly a hike to the tube station or Harrods!! Fantastic!!	
Dec 23 2004	excellent!	The hotel is lovely. Situated in beautiful and elegant Kensington, this place is a wonderful British experience . While the tube station is not far, it is still a 5-8 min. walk. This may not sound much, but at Winter, when it is freezing and raining (and you have luggage to carry), this is not pleasant. However, for these who do not mind the walk, the area is gorgeous! There are small local shops cafe's and places to eat, but the shopping district is a tube station away, so do not count on the actual shopping area to be &quot;just around the corner&quot;.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The room we received was superb; large, with a high ceiling, comfortable bed and all the additional treats. I know however, that this being a &quot;town house&quot;, the size of the rooms differ - so ask!. I whole heartedly recommend!	
Nov 30 2004	one of the most comfortable bed ever!	I carefully read all the reviews, and I choose thequeensgate for my London stay one week ago: a perfect choice!I was very worry about my stay, because it was the first time for my mother in London, and she is so hard to please!And everything has gone right, our room was spacious, bright and clean, very clean: perfect white linen (Frette egyptian cotton!!), modern and stylish furnishing and a shiny bathroom (refurbished, with a fantastic shower and a fluffy bathrobe!)..you have even a DVD player with a free listings of film at the reception! Also a perfect location: 10 minutes-walking to harrods/3 to Gloucester road's tube.Everytime you want they can provide you a good cup of tea or coffee (and you can guess how we enjoyed a hot cup of tea after a full day of sightseeing in cold November!), and this is free!A full continental breakfast (with a good choice of fresh fruit) in a stylish room every morning completed our good night of sleep.Only two small criticism: a little noisy during the night, due to a not perfect hermetic window (I think it was only one of our windows, because my cousin in another room said it was incredibly quiet)...but we were so tired that we have fell asleep as soon as we touched the bed!The other is that the lift serve only the first and the second floor..and our room was on the fourth...but we are young and strong!!I recommend thequeensgate to everybody and I am sure I will come back again!	
Oct 8 2004	great little place	Lovely little place right near the V&amp;A and metro stop. Very quiet adn safe area. The rooms are teeny but so well-appointed - just pack lightly if there is more than 1 person. Lovely bathrooms. Free light b'fast in the morning.	
Jun 27 2004	Horrible Hotel Experience	I'm shocked at the number of positive reviews here. My husband and I visited London on our honeymoon. We had found the Queensgate online and had spoken to the management several times before our arrival. Upon our arrival we found the hotel to be filthy. The carpets throughout had large stains all over them, and the walls were scuffed. The bedskirt was dirty as well. They also switched us from the room we requested to something similar to a dorm room. They upgraded our room (after some debate) to a junior sweet, however, it had a skylight that they were unable to keep light out of in the morning so we awoke to BRIGHT light in our room shining down on us. We had a reservation for 4 nights, but left after one. We went to The Gallery, just 2 block from the Queensgate and found the room to be less expensive and MUCH, MUCH nicer. The staff was great and we were really pleased there.	
Jun 21 2004	Please stay here	When in London I will now stay no-where else. The rooms were of good size and modern furnishings, but what sold me was the egyptian sheets and the powerful and hot showers. Great staff, friendly breakfast room and you feel like your at home, not in a hotel. Keep it up.	
Jun 16 2004	Its almost there!!	Great idea for a hotel/guest house. I spent 5 nights here at the beginning of the month and they very kindly gave me a large double room, facing the front with a sort of balcony. The ceilings was one of the highest ever seen and the window was full length! As there is no aircon, it might be a bit warm in high summer. The pale beige carpet could have done with a shampoo, but the bed was fantastically comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. Its quite modern in design but still cosy. The bar also served as a breakfast room and I got chatting to some of the other residents who had been before. There is no kettle in the room, BUT you can get free tea and coffee any time from the bar! Its close to the tubes and in a lovely area. I'll be back.	
Jun 16 2004	I can only recommend the Queensgate	We stayed at the Queensgate for 3 nights in May and had an great time.Our superior room had 40m2, a view to the nearby Natural Science Museum and a small but beautiful bath (with a bathtub). A little wear-and-tear is obvious, but that really doesn't matter.The look of the hotel is modern, but warm. Everything is very clean. Breakfast is excellent.The location is very nice. You can walk to the Kensington Gardens in 10 minutes. 2 tube stations are nearby, plus a busstop across the street.It's a small hotel which we enjoyed. It felt like home for the time we stayed. P.S. If you have a lot of luggage, beware - the elevator only goes to the 2nd floor ;-)	
May 28 2004	Super Stay		
May 22 2004	A Great Find		
May 4 2004	Wonderful stay -		
Apr 13 2004	So very relaxing!		
Apr 9 2004	Nice if a little small		
Mar 31 2004	Loved it		
Jan 14 2004	Our home in London		
Dec 9 2003	A gem in the making		
Oct 27 2003	Charming Quaint Friendly Hotel		
Jul 22 2003	Best place in London if you can book online with a discount		
Oct 5 2009 	Correct et agréable		
Jul 25 2009 	Otimo hotel e localização		
Jul 14 2009 	hotel lleno con mi reserva pagada		
Oct 8 2006 	nicht wirklich ein 4 Stern Boutique Hotel aber für London nicht schlecht		
