	Great location good service but needs a refurbishment	We had stayed at this hotel before so knew what to expect. It is in a great location, opposite Hyde Park, within easy walking distance of many bars and restaurants and an easy Tube ride on the Central line to theatreland. The reception staff were very friendly and efficient and the room we were given was exactly what we had requested (junior suite on the top floor overlooking the park) The room was large with a separate sitting area but the furnishings were jaded and the bathroom was particularly poor. The shower was little more than a trickle and the flush was temperamental. Tea and coffee supplies were meagre (two teabags, with no choice of teas and two small milks is not acceptable given the price we paid - £225 per night!) Toiletries on offer were also a bare minimum and there were none of the little extras we have come to expect from similar standard rooms in cheaper 4 star hotels (eg bathrobes, slippers etc.) I accept that London is expensive but this hotel represents poor value. However, the breakfast is good and the restaurant service was excellent. The corridors and staircases of the hotel look very shabby and need a major refurbishment. Our main complaint was that there was major building work going on buiulding new apartments immediately adjacent to our room and we were woken before 8 each morning by drilling and hammering. We felt that Thistle should have informed of this in advance.	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Nice hotel, the staff was very good. Room was large and ready when we got there. Not a bad location to catch the subway or buses. Near plenty of restaurants and attractions. The room does not have AC we did not need it. Would stay there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	No feeling of home	I suppose some people like over priced hotels with no feeling of home but as a solo traveller I found it to be like staying in a bland, no personality and the staff seemed not to really care. The breakfast meal was okay, but once again it was like being on an assembly line.Not for me....	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Location Very disappointing Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for two nights with friends. I made it clear on booking that i needed a family sized or triple room as there would be two of us on the first night and three of us on the second night. When i arrived , i found my room to have two single beds and a camp bed! This was not explained to me on booking stage. I arrived at the hotel at 1am after a long flight only to be told by the extremely unhelpful night manager that i was checked in to the 4th flour, the lift was broken. We asked for help with our bags and said manager said he didn't know where night porter was ( I had just seen him skulking around a few minutes earlier) and therefore we'd have to drag our own bags up the four flights of stairs. The room was a good size but extremely shabby looking, not well cleaned, a fan and a 'air conditioning unit' left in the corner with leads and sockets strewn across the floor. Very untidy looking. The room was extremely warm and said ac unit and fan did nothing to cool the room down. Pretty unbearable.The breakfast buffet was awful.Literally everytime we tried to get into our room the room key did not work. The reception staff were very rude and unhelpful. To summarise, i work in a hotel myself. I am not a fussy customer. I could put up with the fact that the hotel looked nothing like it did on the website, I could even have put up with the ridiculous sub saharan conditions in the bedroom but what I cannot stand is poor customer service and poor staff. This is what i encountered. Friendly and helpful staff could have made this a much more pleasant stay and had i encountered this I certainly would not have felt the need to post this review. They were completely disorganised and uninterested. I will never stay in this hotel again and i will certainly never recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 16 2009 	Nice enough but don't stay if you are expecting AC	The hotel is in a great area - walking distance to Oxford Street and Queensway (few restaurants and clothing/tourist stores). I had a triple room which was a decent enough size considering what I've seen before. Note the twin bed is simply a bed thrown in the room and blocks excess to the closet and where the iron is stored. This was my first time to London in the summer and it was hot. The hotel lobby and stairs seemed to be airconditioned but as soon as we hit our floor it was steaming hot. We were then informed that it was no air-conditioning! Instead we had one hot fan that through out hot air so had to open our windows - which was on a noisy street with road work going on. Not sure if we were bamboozled and there were rooms with ac but the heat and noise at night was no fun!	
Sep 15 2009	Lovely rooms but let down by the restaurant service	First impressions on arrivng last weekend were really positive. Friendly and efficent check in and storage of luggage until room was ready later as it was only 11am when we arrived. We had booked a standard twin room, which was a good size on the fourth floor and had a view of the park. it was well appointed with everything we needed including an iron and ironing board, and was well maintained and clean. After a good nights sleep we went to eat breakfast which was included in our room rate and this is where the service let the hotel down. After entering the dining room at 8am and placing an order for cooked food we had to wait over 30mins for it to arrive and in total breakfast took over 1 hour. The food that was served was well cooked and extremely well presented but the time taken was just too long. Despite this we decided to eat in the restaurant that evening as they were offering a fixed price menu for £15 which we were assured would be available. However on returning to eat at 7:30pm it transpired that only one main course was available and as this was not to our liking we had to order off their main menu which was more like bar food (fish and chips, pie etc.) and also more expensive. Service again was on the slow side and the prices too high for the type of food on offer. The following morning we had to get up early to ensure we had time for breakfast as we needed to leave the hotel by 9am. Whilst I can't fault the hotel as a place to stay and the location was very good for sight seeing and shopping, the restaurant does not reflect it's 4 star rating.	
Aug 25 2009 	Lovely hotel - great staff	I stayed in this hotel last weekend for 1 night with friends as had spent the previous night in the Central Park Hotel just up the road (do not stay there) What a lovely hotel! It's a little bit old fashioned but in a nice way. The staff were absolutely lovely especially at reception. The deluxed room was spacious as was the bathroom. The only downside was the air conditioning wasn't great. I think this would be a perfect hotel for families but I would definately stay there again with friends or even by myself	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent!	Stayed at this hotel for four nights at the beginning of August 09. Booked the standard double and was pleasantly surprised at the size of the room as it was significantly larger than rooms I have stayed at in the past. Certainly things are getting a bit dated but the room was very clean, the bathroom was huge and the staff were very helpful and accommodating. Location is great, only a few minute walk to both Paddington Station and Queensway underground. Recommended!	
Jul 25 2009 	Beware: You may be moved to another Thistle hotel.	I booked a room at Thistle Hyde Park three weeks in advance and called reception the day of my arrival to let them know of my arrival time, which would be in the evening. When I arrived, the man at the reception desk said there was a problem with my booking. He said I'm supposed to be at the Thistle Kensington Gardens. I said I booked the Thistle Hyde Park three weeks ago. He then said they had to move me due to a leak in the room. When I asked if there was any other room available, he said they were overbooked and had to move me. I asked if there was transportation for me, he said no and suggested I walk there. As a single female traveler unfamiliar with the area, I wasn't about to go walking the streets at night with my suitcase in tow. I told the employee I wasn't comfortable with walking to the hotel he was moving me to and asked if the hotel could provide a cab. With a smile he said it's only a two minute walk and the cabbie would laugh at driving me for that short a distance. He had no interest in helping me with transportation, despite the fact it was the hotel that changed my booking. Luckily, another employee who heard the conversation was kind enough to offer to escort me there. When I arrived at the Thistle Kensington Gardens, I asked the woman at the reception desk if it's a common occurence to move customers between Thistle hotels like that. She said yes, the hotels work together to accomodate overbooking, but said they should have provided a cab ride for me. While the hotel was decent enough in comfort and location, I will not be staying at a Thistle hotel again. I'd rather pay an extra 50 - 100 pounds to know I'll be staying at the hotel I booked!	
Jul 13 2009 	Period style - Friendly service	Chose hotel for period style - find modern hotels bland and featureless. We were upgraded on arrival from a standard double to a suite which was great and really impressed my daughter. We had a balcony overlooking Hyde Park. Receptionists were very friendly and helpful. Very convenient for siteseeing and Oxford Street.Only negatives would be that the hotel is showing its age a little and probably needs a bit of an upgrade. No air conditioning just a fan in the room - was ok for us as weather was overcast and not too hot but could be an issue. A power shower would be a welcome addition (period is ok but a decent shower would be an allowable deviation!!).	
Jul 11 2009 	Nightmares can happen...	There are pluses and minuses to this hotel, but circumstances can, at times, combine to render a harrowing experience.First, the good. It's a decent location, across from Hyde Park, a short walk (4-5 minutes) from the Lancaster Metro station and, a bit farther, Paddington Station. The style is stately with old-fashioned wood paneling (or at least what passes for it), deep carpets, a marble floor in the elevator, that sort of thing. The full English breakfast was quite good, though the hash browns were a bit off the theme. Nice firm beds, clean. Staff were okay in terms of attitude and helpfulness.Now for the bad. True, this was all in conditions of a severe heat wave, which swept through London when we were there, but, as a result, our family of four (children aged 7 and 11) suffered quite intolerably. We were put up on the fourth (top) floor, which is an apparent add-on or make-over from the roof, with correspondingly very low ceilings. Because the corridors have doors partitioning them every five meters or so, even opening the hotel room door didn't help in trying to get some fresh air into the room, which felt like a shoebox. NO AIR-CONDITIONING, at all, period. We were, instead, provided with two fans. Only after some experimentation, which resulted in setting up one fan in front of one window to blow out air and the other in front of the other window to blow in air were we able to get any night-time air to enter the room at all. This was all that saved us from sweat-bathed nights following scorching days.Well, with that kind of problem facing you it was natural to start noticing other deficiencies. In places the bronze gilt had peeled in the bathroom, the flush in the toilet was extremely weak. Also, we were not looking for a &quot;period piece&quot; and the old-fashioned, dual separated hot and cold water is just a plain pain.All in all we were glad to get out and cancelled the one day we had reserved on our way back throug London for several days later.	
May 18 2009 	Nothing special but perfectly adequate	Perfectly adequate hotel across from Lancaster Gate &amp; easy walking distance to Kensington Gardens and (a bit further) the Notting Hill area.Room, bath, staff were all as I expect them to be &amp; I had no complaints.	
Mar 20 2009 	Love this beautiful hotel	Stayed twice at the Thistle Hyde Park., London. We stayed in May 2008 for 3 days and in October for 8 days. We had a room with a balcony with a gorgeous view of Hyde Park. Located just across the street from Lancaster Gate. The staff was very helpful in recommending tour activities and restaurants. They kept the room very clean and took very good care of us. The rooms are beautifully decorated and it made us feel like royalty! Excellent value. Wonderul location in London within walking distance of lots of activities and steps away from public transportation. Our room is very spacious for a European hotel. Our room was on the second floor with a balcony view of Hyde Park. There's a small convenience type store less than a block away where you can pick up snacks/drinks for reasonable prices and lots of nearby restaurants within walking distance. Our room had a refrigerator which comes in handy when your traveling with a hungry teenager! There is construction going on nearby however we didn't hear any noise from it. Can't wait to go back to the Thistle Hyde Park London. My absolutely favorite city!!	
Feb 25 2009 	Location location location!	Can't beat the location of this hotel for access to Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, Paddington Station, convenient tube stops. Have stayed here twice now on our travels to London. We found the rooms to be very clean and comfortable; the desk staff was most helpful/accommodating. Our only complaint was getting caught in an over-booking situation, which seems to happen too regularly at this place. (Stand firm if it happens to you!) Had to negotiate hard to be booked into a comparable hotel and compensated for the inconvenience of having no room for one night of a two-night stay. Again, staff was great. Manager? Cannot say the same. Nevertheless....we would stay here again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Just Average	Expected more from this hotel, room was very dark and creepy and the view from the window was not very good at all, overlooking the roof of the next building and the small back yard. Building next to the hotel is full of scaffolding and early in the morning could hear some noise in the room. Seems like the hotel requires some well needed tlc as it is very tired. On the plus side breakfast was very good. The hotel is on the quiet bayswater rd (quiet for a city)overlooking the park and queensway tube station is only 3 mins walk away. On the whole good for the location but i would not recommend the accomodation itself. Prefered the Hilton London Bridge anyday.	
Feb 20 2009 	could do better	We booked for 3 nights at the Thistle Hyde Park. The hotel is next to a building site (old thistle hotel - shell) and it overlooks Hyde Park. The noise from the building suite didn't really disturb us, but if you fancy a lie in then this may not be the hotel for you. We booked room only, and on first impressions we thought the double room was not bad.How wrong we were - the double bed was only a queen for the two of us, not a double as stated on booking. Don't honestly think the room could hold a double as it was that small. The carpet on the floor had seen much better days, and neither of us would walk bare foot in the room. The walls had huge cracks down them. Positives, the shower was wonderful. We payed for breakfast once- not worth the money! However, if it was included then go for it.Lancaster Gate is the closest tube station - 5mins walk, then you've got access to the whole of London.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great location - Great value	My husband and I recently stayed at the Hyde Park Thistle hotel on an overnight birthday break in London. The £75 per room/per night deal we got was amazing (a ‘winter warmer’ special I believe) and included a very nice spacious room, a cooked breakfast the next morning and even a bottle of wine. The breakfast was fresh and cooked to order (although my husband’s toast arrived just as he was finishing off his cooked breakfast) and I enjoyed the selection fresh fruit, cereal and juices. I think there may have also been some ham and cheese platters…We’ve had some quite negative experiences in supposedly 4 star London hotels so we didn’t have overly high hopes, especially at this price, but we found the location, staff, décor and room amenities to be well above what we had expected.	
Feb 16 2009 	Run Down and over rated	My boyfriend booked this hotel for me as a surprise because of the central location and 4* rating. This didnt even match 3* ratings and have stayed in better 2* accomodation. Carpet was thread bare, cracking paint on walls, extremely small bed (and room in general), dusty room, needs modernising.We were so unhappy that we complained and were transferred to the Thistle Westminster as there were no other available rooms in the hotel. The Westminster hotel turned out to be of a much higher standard with good service	
Feb 2 2009 	Avoid at all cost	Tired old hotel with unfriendly staff and terrible rooms. Dirty, stained carpets and curtains, super small room, reeking of cigarettes. Check in/out was messy and slow, with a long line of tourists in tourist buses. Close to Hyde Park but otherwise area is unappealing. Surrounded by bad restaurants and uninteresting chain stores, you have to walk a long distance to reach Notting Hill and Portobello Road for better cafés and places to eat. The hotel is in desperate need of a renovation.	
Nov 4 2008 	Nice place	Although the address is Lancaster gate, the hotel actually faces Bayswater road. I had a room that overlooked Lancaster gate so it was quieter than one on the other side would be. It was very quiet actually.The bed was comfortable. The room was nice although there was some stains on the carpet and some of the workmanship of the walls was shoddy. I managed to get most of the light blocked out but it should be a bit easier to rig this sort of thing to do so. I couldn't figure out how to get the heat to work and the portable heater didn't work. They replaced it and did not say anything about how to work the heat so I suspect that they did not have the furnace on yet. There were no radiators in the room.  The bathroom was nice but I do wish the Brits would get the concept of mixer taps soon. The tub was a bit difficult to get out of and I'm fit and average height. Older folks etc. would have a less-easy experience. The fridge was useful. There's a Waitrose and a Tesco Metro nearby plus M&amp;S and Sainsbury in Paddington.They had shortbread cookies along with the tea and coffee (and hot chocolate). Nice touch.Another neat feature I liked was the multiple light controls --at the entrance and at the bed, 4 each controlling lights at different parts of the room.The room had pencils rather than pens. They weren't sharpened nor was there a sharpener. Not fun if you are trying to write a complaint about the lack of heat.	
Oct 21 2008 	A great find in London	I stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park recently and was very pleased with the accommodation. The room was very spacious, decor very English, and overall the experience was a good one. In the interest of feedback to the hotel and other travellers, I offer the following comments.My main criticism would be the cost of wifi internet. A good hotel in this day and age needs to offer free wifi to guests if it is to compete for the business clientele. I used a cheap but very effective internet service up the road towards Notting Hill, but it would have been more convenient to use my laptop in my room. I was not prepared to pay the high cost for this. Ten pounds (for 24 hours) may not be a lot in that currency, but in Australian dollars it is excessive over several days.My other comment relates to not being able to open the balcony door without first asking housekeeping to come and unlock it. and take off the security rope. Then it had to be relocked at night, though the housekeeper did suggest I sleep with it unlocked as &quot;there has never been an incident&quot;. As a single female, I was not prepared to sleep in a first floor room with an unlocked external door. The result is that the door does open, but only 3 inches! I cannot think that this is not fixable.The bar area is excellent and I was able to conduct a business meeting here with discreet and professional service from staff.The location is excellent with frequent buses, two tube stations nearby and plenty of passing taxis. I had a fantastic dinner at an Italian restaurant on Bayswater Road towards Notting Hill called Zizzi which I will return to.I will be in London next May for a conference and unless I learn of somewhere better in the same area, I will most probably stay at the Thistle again. I hope they have free wifi by then, and fix the balcony door situation!	
Sep 6 2008 	Once the overbooking was sorted out	Arrived at about lunchtime and was informed that the hotel was over booked and we were to move to the Kensington Park Hotel up the road. I protested as the Hyde Park was the one that I preferred but they would not budge so off we trotted to K'ton Gardens. Checked into room- It was awful and small, we asked for a larger room for the inconvinence caused and were given an up-grade. Unfortunately it was someone elses room so we had to make a further trip back to reception. We were given another set of keys and low and behold twin beds! (They did say they could &quot;zip the mattress together&quot; - urghh.) We demanded to be re-allocated to the Hyde Park Hotel - they rudely agreed and finally we were back at the Hyde Park Hotel. What a great room we ended up with along with a bottle of wine for mix-up. Moral of story - Stand your ground and do not let them move you to K'ton Gardens Hotel - it is awful in comparison.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great location.	My husband and myself have just returned from a 3 night stay in this hotel. It is a very nice looking hotel and in a great location. Oxford Street is a 15 minute walk to the left and Notting hill a 10 minute walk to the right, Kensington is a pleasant 10 minute walk across the park opposite the hotel. We did not have breakfast in the hotel as we thought that £15 per head for a continental breakfast was very expensive so we built up our appetite by walking to the McDonalds at the end of Oxford St!! The bar staff were very attentive but the drinks very expensive, £3.80 for a bottle of corona beer plus a service charge!. Also, we returned from a show at 11pm and found the bar closed. As it was my 40th birthday on this day I found it quite disappointing. Thank goodness for the friend that gave me a bottle of Champagne as a present!! The next day we found a lovely pub around the back of the hotel that also serves lovely food. There are 18 car parking spaces available at the hotel and we were told that we were not able to pre-book. Luckily a space was available when we arrived but we were quite shocked to find that to park up there for 3 nights we had to pay .... £72.00!!!!!!! We did not have any choice but to pay it. We also had to pay the congestion charge as it is in the congestion charge zone. If you don't pay it before you leave you will be fined £80. It is £8.00 in and £8.00 out. The concierge will sort it out for you. The room was ok, a little tired. Half of the light bulbs had blown and not been replaced, it was also very very hot in the room. The famous room 217 that has been previously reviewed!! There was a fan in the room that we never switched off. There was no view out of the window as it opened out onto a flat roof and a huge metal cylinder. The bathroom needed a make over. There was a hair dryer, coffee and tea making facilities, a safe and an empty fridge which luckily kept my champagne nicely chilled! Only 2 power points in the room that we could find so you can't watch t.v. have the hair dryer on and charge your phone all at the same time! But, when you are in London you don't spend too much time in your room so it was ok for the few days that we were there. All in all, it is a good base in London as it is in a pretty good location and as long as you are not expecting 5* you will be fine here.	
Aug 1 2008 	Excellent! but...	We have just returned from a weekend in London and we stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park. Location wise it was great as we were attending the BBC Proms at the Royal Albert Hall so we had to walk just 2 minutes across Hyde Park to get there. The weather was good enough for us to be able to walk into the centre of London which isn't a awfully long walk but some may find it a little long i suppose. The hotel is wonderfully furnished and is so elegant in it's presentation and look. We loved it the moment we stepped inside. We were informed upon arrival that they would have to upgrade us to a suite which we were delighted about. The room was on the top floor and was very big and again, wonderfully decorated. We had a massive LCD TV in comparison to others we have had in other London hotels. The weekend was very hot in London (around 30 degrees) and this did make getting around a little tiring. Unfortunately as the hotel does not have air conditioning we were absolutely boiling over night. The room had two fans in it but neither did much to cool down the room and one was broken and was pumping out hot air at the back which added to the heat. We visited reception to ask about air conditioning and this was when we were told that the hotel didn't have any and the man on reception said that there was nothing he could do. We had a very uncomfortable nights sleep which wasn't pleasant. I feel the hotel really should invest in air conditioning, it really is expected in a 4 star hotel. Breakfast the next morning was probably the best i've had in London for a long time so that was a real plus. When checking out the woman on receptionw as surprised to hear the man from the night before had not even offered us another fan or to rectify the one which was faulty and said she would get the manager to contact us regarding a special offer for our next stay. We felt this was very good and left the hotel satisfied that we would possibly come again and take advantage of any offer in autumn. A few days after returning home we were contacted by the manager and told we could not have any offer or upgrade. I was disappointed in this as i feel the hotel should have acknowledged that they are a 4* hotel without air conditioning which is ridiculous and the fans were not much use. I would recommend this hotel in cooler periods of the year when the air con situation will not be a problem. Overall - a pleasant stay in nice surroundings but marred by a flaw in the hotel's services.	
Jul 11 2008 	Good location but....	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park for 3nights,we were visiting Wimbledon on the Saturday. First impressions good,very clean,tidy public rooms.Standard room not available,so they upgraded us - room 217,again first impressions were good,roomy and comfy,but no view, there was a flat roof outside with a 'very large' extraction unit .Oh well, it was an upgrade!Room very stuffy, air con didn't work, so the fan went on (and didn't go off, all the time we were there) windows didn't open - but probably good in a way,because when we settled down to sleep, the very noisy humming of the extraction fan was constant, all in all horrid nights sleep. Did request a change of room, but they were fully booked, but did provide us with earplugs, perhaps this was not the first time they had had this problem. Exhausted by the end of our 3nights - non-sleep - and would have to know the exact location of our room, if we did consider returning. P.S. They were slow in replacing croissants and pastries at breakfast, in fact when they were gone, they were gone.	
May 21 2008 	Loved the Balcony!	I stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park for 3 days in the beginning of May. I was travelling with a friend and we had booked a room with twin beds, but upon arrival we were told that our room had some sort of plumbing problem and we were given two single rooms instead! That turned out quite well, and we were very happy. The rooms are nice, the bathrooms a bit small and there was the old-fashioned two-faucet tap in the sink which you rarely see now in the more 'modern' London hotels, and was impossible to use.The highlight of the room was a real balcony overlooking Bayswater and Kensington Gardens, very nice indeed. Staff was very attentive and seemed eager to fulfill your every wish, perhas even too much so!We didn't try the breakfast as we went to the Lido Cafe near the Serpentine, a 10 minute walk, and sat outside with cappucinos and scones, and watched the ducks, geese and people taking a swim in the pond. Would definitely ecommend this hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I booked this hotel through superbreak and got a great deal on bed and full breakfast. Hotel is lovely and the staff were all really helpful. The rooms were well decorated and comfortable. The hotel is only a short walk away from Lancaster Gate tube station (come out of the station and walk left along the road, and the hotel is a few minutes away on the right hand side of the road). The breakfast was lovely and there was more than enough to eat. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone as myself and my partner had a lovely stay.	
Nov 10 2007 	Disappointed!	Stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park Hotel to celebrate my sisters birthday. We were both very excited about a trip to London and chose a Thistle hotel as we had such good experiences in the past in other Thistle Hotels. We were unaware that the hotel is under renovation and the outside of the building is surrounded with scaffolding. The interior of the hotel was lovely and the reception staff were very helpful.Our disappointment was that we didnt get any sleep during our stay. On the first night we were in room 125. This room is beside a boiler room and the noise resembled an airplane taking off. The next evening we were given an up grade to the only available room (403). We were warned that this room would be warm. The room was stifling and throughout the night we thought we might die in the heat. The receptionist said that the problem is that they are unable to regulate the heating on the 4th floor.	
Nov 5 2007 	Elegant and lovely hotel	My husband and I were pleasantly surprised with the Thistle Hyde Park. We'd heard London hotels are often tired looking with small rooms. Not so with this hotel. It's convenient to Paddington Station (10 min. walk). Restaurants are within a 10 min. walk as well. The hotel lobby and dining room are beautiful. Our room (#225) was large, clean, quiet, and well appointed. The staff was excellent. Their concierge (we dealt with 2) were exceptional in their willingness to help us with transportation, directions, and even printed our boarding passes the night before our departure. You can't go wrong with this hotel. It is not, however, in the heart of London, but out a bit. We'd easily go back should we find ourselves in London again.	
Jul 26 2007	Quaint hotel	We were plesantly surprised when we walked into our room. It was quaint and very roomy. About a 10-15 min. walk to the Underground. Not much nearby.Breakfast was good and the server who served us every morning was so cheerful and pleasant.	
Jun 13 2007	Staff were very friendly	Me and my husband stayed in Thistle Hyde Park for 5 nights. We had a nice room, yes it was very warm there but not too hot anyway. The toilet was beautiful, as well as the toilets in the lobby. Breakfast was really good and versatile. Staff were great and personal. The only problem to me was wall-to-wall carpeting, I'm not used to it, I think it's unnecessary. Overall very nice experience!	
May 26 2007 	Not good value	Luckily we had booked ahead regarding a parking space (there isn't many of them). Room was a decent size, however we soon realised later in the evening that there was no air conditioning and couldn't get the window open either - it was ridiculously hot. After enquiring with reception, there were no fans either, so we got barely any sleep. On the morning we checked out (way before the deadline), my partner left his mobile in the room by accident - he knew exactly where as well. We realised about 45 mins later or so. Phoned the hotel to tell them and they said they had already tidied the room and it wasn't found. Returned to the hotel to take it up with someone more senior and they still said the maid had not found it. It never turned up.Later wrote to them to complain and to their credit we received a letter offering an upgrade on our next stay. We took them up on it some time later and had an upgrade. The room was much larger with a nice view of Hyde Park, however it looked like it needed a bit of decorating but it wasn't unpleasant. This room was fine all in all.Good location, right near Lancaster Gate tube and over the road from Hyde Park. Parking not too bad either - I think it was about £15 a day. Would stay in again if it was a bit cheaper, but too expensive for what it is.	
Apr 30 2007 	great hotel loved it!!!	i stayed at this hotel in April and i was very dubious about it after reading the reports on here. I have to say I honestly do not know what people are complaining about. a colleague and I booked to stay in this hotel for one night so that we could attend a meeting the next day. I stayed in room 133 and she stayed in room 131. my room was located in an odd position between 2 floors!. however the room was clean and of a nice size for London. the bathroom however was HUGE. i had a full size bath, seperate shower, toilet, bidet and sink. all the sanitary ware had a gold filigree design on it and this was matched by the tiles. there were also complimentary toiletries that came in very useful.my colleagues room was bigger than mine and had a very high ceiling and a mirror in it that ran from waist hight all the way to the ceiling. I have never seen a mirror so big. she also had a huge chandilier in the middle of the bedroom. I found the breakfast to be very extensive with cereals, fruit, yoghurt and a full english cooked to order. my colleague had this and said it was excellent. All of the staff i came across were very polite and attenitve. the concierge hailed us a taxi in the morning and didnt expect a tip which is very unusual!!!!i can fully recommend this hotel the only thing i could complain about is that it is in a quiet area but then again that can be a blessing in london!!	
Apr 7 2007 	stinker	Not cheap and not good. Tired,battered seedy hotel. The unfotuneate staff did their very best but the hotel is understaffed to the point of their not being able to half cope. One of them told me it was an utter joke. The breakfast was worse than a cheap seaside boarding house, Stale bread and tinned graperuit segments, or suchlike - don't even speculate on the cofee.All the time I was there the central heating on my side of the building was not working and it went down to 3deg outside. Guests were appearing at the reception with their teeth chattering, blue with cold, to be told that it might be fixed in a few days. Being more enterprising, or just more pessimistic than most, I went up to Woolworths in Notting Hill and bought a fan heater for $9. So cold was the fabric of the building that I had to run it at full rate all night, each night. When I checked out and once more complained bitterly they offered to 'process' the cost of the fan-heater ? Do not stay here unless there is no room left under the Thames bridges.	
Feb 13 2007	Absolutely Fantastic hotel!	Initially I was reticent about staying at this hotel because of the previous reviews on this site. I'm extremely pleased I decided to &quot;risk&quot; it! The hotel was lovely - the staff were friendly and very attentive. The location was great - with lovely views of Hyde Park and served very well by public transport (including night buses for the clubbers!)Daniel and Joanne - the guest relations managers- made us very welcome during our stay. It was my friends birthday and they even had a birthday card waiting for her, signed by the front of house staff. Nice touch! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good value place to stay!	
Nov 27 2006 	B+	In contrast to some others I got a really good room. My corporate booking should have got me a single, but I ended up with a huge double with sitting area. I arrived fairly early - I think this is a good move, as when I went out to dinner there was a couple arguing about the state of their room and being denied a move - allegedly because the hotel was full, but it seemed very quiet to me.Like others I found the hotel stiflingly hot - needed the fan on and window open in October.The nearest tube is Lancaster Gate, but this is closed for refurbishment, making access more difficult at the moment. Not too well endowed with places to eat nearby - best bet is to walk to Queensway - 10 -15 minutes. Hotel restaurant looked very expensive. Breakfast was lovely and a rare treat - cooked to order.Not enough staff at reception in the morning, I had to queue for ages to check out as the sole member of staff seemed to be covering the phones and room service all at once as well as dealing with someone with a complicated bill.	
Sep 24 2006 	Very Pleasant Stay	We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Thistle Hyde Park and are very happy. We booked a deluxe king - the room was very pleasant, very nicely decorated with a lovely bathroom. Again problems with the air con which made it rather warm. Staff very helpful and accomodating. Would definatly reurn.	
Sep 24 2006	Hairy Thistle	The worst stay I've had in a while. Put me in a smoking room and couldn't (or wouldn't) change it for non-smoking. Clapped out furniture, grimy sheets, frayed carpets, flaking paint, window was caked with dust. Everything about this place seems to be shoddy right down to the broken clothes hangers. There also seems to be a problem with the air conditioning in the hotel - the room was unpleasantly warm. Very unhelpful receptionist.	
Aug 15 2006 	comfortable stay	We were very happy at the Thistle Hyde Park. Our family (15 people) stayed here because we wanted something with decent reviews that could fit in many budgets. The hotel is old &amp; slightly tired, but it is clean.The only draw back was that we needed a family room that was large enough for 2 adults &amp; 2 children. We were given a room that had a queen size bed &amp; a sofa bed. The sofa bed was only large enough for 1 school age child. The other child slept on the floor on the sofa cushions with sheets &amp; was very comfortable. The room had a fan which is more than I can say for the small luxury hotel that we stayed in at another part in England. The front desk staff were excellent &amp; able to answer all our questions, give us great restaurant recommendations &amp; contact restaurants for us. Our family was very happy here.	
Jul 3 2006	Very disappointing and uncomfortable stay	After a good first impression due to the excellent location and exterior façade of the hotel, I was continuously disappointed throughout the duration of our stay.When we arrived, there was only one member of staff at reception already dealing with another guests problem and we had to wait 15 minutes for a member of staff at Reception to even acknowledge we were there. I find it difficult to belive there was only one member of staff available!Eventually we managed to check-in and get to our room. However, our impression of the hotel did not get any better from here. Although it was quite nicely decorated, the room was extremely small and was ridiculously hot. There was only just enough space for two of us to manoeuvre around the bed with our luggage and the room was so unbearable due to the temperature we had to leave as soon as we had arrived.The room did not have air conditioning as the website had stated, the window only opened about 20cm and looked straight out onto a roof, the bedroom was extremely small and the bed itself was only just big enough to be described as a double. Overall two of us crammed into a tiny bed in a boiling hot bedroom made our stay very uncomfortable and I doubt that I would ever stay here again!	
Jun 12 2006	Not bad at all	We have just got back from a long weekend in London for my friends 40th Birthday and stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park. Nicely located hotel opposite Hyde Park and a short walk from Lancaster Gate tube station. We had a lovely room, very clean with tea and coffee making facilties. Staff on reception were very pleasant. Breakfast was very good, we had booked our deal to include full English breakfast. Good choice of cereals, fruit, yoghurts, rolls etc then you order your full English from the selection on the menu and your food is cooked to order which is much nicer than help yourself buffet style as the food is fresh and hot. One tip: when you are shown to your table ask for tea/coffee straight away as on our first morning we had to wait a good 10 mins and still had to ask. My only complaint would be the heat. There is air conditioning but its an old system and not very good, it doesn't help with the fact that the hotel is full of chandeliers that are permanently on. We were on the first floor our friends were on the third floor, the higher up the hotter it became. We had a portable air conditioning unit in our room but by the time we discovered how to operate it properly it was time to come home - there were no instructions for it. Our friends had a portable fan but this proved to be no good either. I would however stay at this hotel again, it does need a lick of paint but it was very clean, with friendly staff and a good breakfast and lovely location.	
May 16 2006 	Tired battered and ready for a major overhaul	I have stayed at this hotel many times and it just keep getting worse and worse, I think last week's stay has got to be my last. The last twice I have had to change rooms post check-in, first time there was already someone in the room they tried to give me, the new room had no hot water and dodgy toilet system and last week there was no hot water at all, no tv and then the person they sent to &quot;solve&quot; those problems had such a major odour problem I could not have stayed in the room even if he had fixed it, which he didnt.It used to be such a nice place, very convenient, outside the congestion charge, good restaurants reasonably near by and even some parking. But alas times change and Thistle dont appear to have put much investment into it, until they do it wont improve..........such a shame	
Apr 16 2006	Great deal for money	This was by far the best value we've ever gotten in London where the prices are among the highest anywhere. We paid a total of $206.00 on United. It is not that easy to find hotels there for families. We stayed in a family room, which was four twin beds (the two temporary ones were more comfortable). The room was quite large and charming. There was enough heat, hot water and water pressure as well as lighting. Most hotels skimp on lighting including some in America. Quiet and convenient location near Hyde Park and Bayswater. We found the three staff members we communicated with spoke perfect English. We ate a late dinner in their restaurant and the food was very good and about what you would expect to pay in London. The waitress was friendly and efficient. The person at the desk upon check-out called to check on train prices for us and was most helpful. We will definitely stay there again and I would recommend it to others.	
Apr 10 2006	Old Time Charm few modern conveniences	We stayed in a room that was considered a &quot;family&quot; room. It was actually a king bed, where they pulled in two rollaway beds. Beautiful old time style, marble bathroom. We paid $170 on expedia. A couple problems we encountered. NO internet access. The front desk told us we could use dial up. NO. We couldn't, so we had to trek a couple streets over to a cafe which had wifi. Also, their breakfasts were expensive!! Continental, including breads and cereal was 15 pounds (almost $30 american) and the buffet with eggs and meat was 16 pounds (over $30 american!!) The other problem was that their staff was CLUELESS. Most of them did not even speak English well, so you couldn't understand what they were saying. They were no help in planning or asking travel tips. We made our reservations on Expedia for two of our four nights ahead of time. Then, we made two more nights' reservation at the wifi cafe. But when we arrived back home that night, NOBODY had our reservation from Expedia, then said that it was probably cancelled due to our credit card being rejected!! What?!! In the middle of the lobby, they're telling us that our card was rejected, when it wasn't! Embarrassing! Then, the next morning they straightened it out, but in the meantime, we lost sleep due to THEIR mistake. Nice location, beautiful rooms, but don't expect anything from the staff or their restaurant.	
Jan 2 2006	Good value!	My family and I recently stayed at the Thistle Hyde Park. The hotel was fine. We had to move rooms when the toilet above let loose and flooded our bath (while the Wife was on the toliet no less!) She had to ask for an upgraded room and a free dinner. They should have offerred this automatically when something so bad happenned. The room and public spaces were attractive. They need to keep up with maintenenace though. The room needed some touch up paint. For the price it was agood value.	
Dec 11 2005	Lovely stay	We stayed now already twice in the Thistle Hyde Park. We always loved this Hotel for its nice welcoming atmosphere. From the checkin to the check out we were greeted with a smile. The rooms absolutly beautiful and spacious. Especially the Junior Suite which we had as a complimentary upgrade for coming back. The Restaurant staff was really pleasant and helpful. All together we had a really enjoyable stay and are really impressed about the refurbishment of the rooms and restaurant. The Thistle Hyde Park is absolutley perfect for people who just would like to relaxe over a couple of days in London.I can't tell enough how enjoyable it is, from getting help with the luggage over check in to the clean rooms and all the service they provide to make the guest feel more than special.	
Nov 1 2005	Horrific...	We stayed in the thistle for three nights in July and fell foul of problems already listed in earlier reviews.Unfortunately I was not booking this hotel, and generally check trip advisor before; based on other reviews I would have stayed clear of this hotel. We arrived late on Friday night, after a delayed flight and just desperate to check in. I understand that July in London is going to be hot, so I expect an air-conditioned hotel to be just that, air-conditioned. Our room was barely big enough to fit a double bed, had NO air-con and looked onto a central courtyard that was full of ducts, water pipes, and unpleasant smell and unfortunately no air. Upon contacting reception we were told that the hotel was fully booked and there were no more rooms available. We asked if they could do anything for us and were told that they had no available free-standing fans as they were all in use. We ordered room service at that point and received warm limp salad and cold chips.We had to leave the window open in a vain attempt to let air into the room, and then had to endure endless noise from all the other hotels residents, including numerous phone conversations held by neighbours at 4am. The following morning after a lack of sleep we enquired about other rooms, and the hotels upgrade deal (we were told no rooms were available), during breakfast we discussed checking out of the hotel and moving elsewhere, upon informing the check-in staff of this we were informed a superior room with air-con would be available that afternoon if we wanted to use it. We were told to pack our bags and leave them in our room and they would be moved during the afternoon.When we returned to the hotel at 6pm we were told our room was not ready yet we had to wait another hour for our room and missed our dinner reservations. No apology. The superior room was lovely, three times the size of our previous room, with a beautiful view of the park and a huge bathroom. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, the service we received from the staff was unacceptable, they informed my partner that no fans were available and we most likely wouldn’t receive one for the rest of our stay. The same staff member informed me, in front of my partner that he would get me a fan for the very next day! The first room we stayed wasn’t even two star, the toilet wouldn’t flush, the décor was tired and old, the carpet unravelling, let alone four star.My stay in London was ruined by this hotel, and I will never, ever go back.	
Jul 14 2005	Quirky Thistle	I booked a double room through Expedia, for one hundred seventy-three dollars, after searching Trip Advisor for days. The Thistle Hyde Park is in a lovely Regency Building in a quiet and pretty location. When I arrived, I was informed that I would be put in a suite, at no charge, as they were overbooked. No complaints there. The lift is right next to reception, so no problem with bags. My room was lovely. I had just come from a frenetic business trip, and was touring London alone. I almost didn't want to leave my room. It was large, tasteful, and comfortable. The bathtub was huge, and with a good jaccuzzi. The service, it must be noted, was horrendous. I had to call about half a dozen times before room service or the front desk answered the phone. I ordered a sandwich and a lemonade, for which I paid over 19 pounds. It was the worst sandwich I have ever had in my life, dry and tasteless. The temperature in London was mild, so I didn't need the air conditioning or heat. But there was a fan in my room, so I suspect the air was STILL (after a full year, it seems, based on other reviews here) on the fritz. But I must say that I am a pretty good budget traveler, so these things didn't bother me. The size, attractiveness, and comfort of the room made up for it. It is right across from Hyde Park. I strolled over there and through the park along the Serpentine the day of the terrorist bombings, when no transportation was to be had anywhere in the City. For me, the stay was luxurious, in spite of the problems. I would stay there again in a heartbeat, IF I got a good deal.	
Jun 20 2005 	never again	in June London gets hot! So when a hotel says it has airconditioned rooms it is reasonable to expect comfort.Unfortunately my room had no aircon , was VERY small and too uncomfortable for sleep. All they could arrange was a non effective fanNo reduction to the bill and the most unpleasant night in London for yearscertainly not a hotel to visit unless they can smarten up the service	
Jan 15 2005	An unexpected delight :)	Overall this was an excellent visit. The hotel is in excellent condition and upon walking in from the cold January evening there is a welcoming atmosphere with a fireplace burning and friendly staff to greet you. The room itself was in excellent condition. Very large with plenty of room for luggage. The beds are also particularly comfortable. The bathroom was well stocked with towels and soap with a very powerfull shower and wonderfully clean bath. Staff in the hotel are all particularly friendly. Special mention must be given to Robert for his sheer honesty. Robert is the hotels new concierge. I asked him where he could recommend for dinner... his reply - &quot;nowhere... i am new to the job.&quot; Although this is not the reply I had been expecting, his honesty is much appreciated... rather than be fobbed off with some place he didnt know. However... why did the hotel give someone the job of Concierge without a decent grasp of local knowledge??? NOT what i expect from a London West End hotel.Finally, one thing that slightly upset me marred what was otherwise a flawless visit. The receptionist on checkout... whilst in the middle of dealing with my paperwork answered the phone and decided to keep talking to whoever it was on the other end. After ending the first call, the phone rang again and she began to speak AGAIN! I was in a rush to leave at 7.30am that morning... and she knew it - yet she proceeded to take telephone calls. Surely the clients who are actually AT the hotel are the main priority? This needs to looked at - perhaps have two people on reception to deal with both checkouts AND calls at peak times?	
Dec 9 2004	Horrid service	The location is good, and the place looks nice but the service is bad. We stayed for 5 nights in december when on a business trip. On the night we arrived I had to rush to a meeting, and they refused to check my husband in due to problems with our credit cards. Four hours later they recieved a fax from Visa International that explained that VISA was down world wide and that the problems were due to this, but they didn't even offer an excuse for treating my husband with such unwelcoming suspicion.The rooms were cold, no heat in the bathroom and when we notified the staff we got no response. Minibar was empty, plus we caught the staff eating our chocolates!We also had problems with our portable computer but when I asked the hotel could offer no help. When you pay 113 punds per night on a business trip you expect the hotel to be able to offer some help in corporate matters, but no such luck. The hotel has got a good location, it looks beautiful but was due to lack of service a big let down.	
Nov 18 2004	Quiet Location		
Oct 2 2004	Faded oppulence		
Aug 20 2004	Didn't Stay		
Jul 29 2004	Very Pleasant Stay		
Jun 18 2004	Needs Updating!		
May 30 2004	Utter rubbish!!!!!		
Apr 18 2004	A lucky but excellent choice		
Apr 6 2004	Loved This Hotel		
Dec 1 2003	5star accommodation not!		
Oct 8 2003	Thistle Hyde Park A Most Pleasant Experience		
Feb 23 2009	Tolles Hotel gerne wieder		
