Oct 6 2009 	Sick	me and my wife stayed 1 night in room 202, when we arrived the window was open,we closed it and went to bed, (we arrived very late) in the morning the fire alarm started about 08:00, so i got out of the bed very quick and steppt thrue the floor, i think that the disgusting carpet on the floor saved me from ending up in room 102, at the same time my soon that sleept in room 302 stept in to a mouse/rat trap that hade been put under his bed. nobody toold us that they have a problem whit rats.i couldent find any one to strangel so we went for breakfast, then we came back to our room there was a very nasty smell of somthing dead. i changed hotel very quickthen we went out to see London whit my limping son..is there no control for hotels in England??MR Conradsson	
Aug 11 2009 	I can't believe they charge people money to stay here	OK, for £40 a night you don't expect much. In fact I only expect 3 things really: the place should be as described, clean and have a hot shower. Friendly helpful staff are a bonus. Unfortunately this place fails miserably on all counts (including the helpful staff). It is only 30 secs from Earls Court tube station, which in some ways is a handy location, but unfortunately this also means it's right on the train tracks so you get woken up every 5 mins throughout most of the night. It was described as ensuite and having satellite TV in all rooms - it wasn't and didn't. Our ancient and very non-satellite TV was broken, although when we reported this we were told it was meant to be like that. Must be one of those &quot;snowstorm only&quot; tellies you hear about. The room was filthy, and there was no hot water in the shower on our floor, although there was a large and conspicuous cockroach trap. When we reported the lack of hot water the first time we got a shrug and an uninterested &quot;OK&quot;. The second time, we were told &quot;use another shower&quot;. Another couple overhearing this told us they were checking out early because there had been no hot water on their floor either for several days. We complained about everything again when we left and the reponse was unapologetic: &quot;if you didn't like it why did you stay?&quot; Believe me we tried not to! but as the bloke must have known, central London on a weekend in August isn't exactly heaving with vacant hotel rooms. Thank God we were only booked in for 2 nights. His parting shot to us was &quot;we'll make sure everything is OK for your next stay&quot; Next stay?? Somehow I think not. I absolutely would not recommend this hotel to anyone, ever, no matter how desperate they were.	
Jul 27 2009 	A national disgrace!!	Well if you haven't already gathered from the reviews this is a definate NO GO!! I wouldn't wish a night here on anyone.. It is hideously bad!! stains of what i could only imagine on the walls, smells which can only be described as rotting flesh like and mold growing everywhere. Yes this must be not only a front-runner for britain's worst hotel (or cesspit) but in the whole world! To think there might be anywhere worst well then it must be literally hell on earth. I am a young guy and i have stayed in some pretty bad places on my travels but i have never quite experienced somewhere like this and i had definately never walked out after staying just one night when i had booked for 5!!! Luckily they made up some excuse about the card machine not working and i managed to get away with only paying for two in advance with cash. However no matter what i was offered i could NEVER spend another night in that place let alone anywhere within a 5 mile radius!!I do not agree with the comment that &quot;its so bad its comical&quot; its SOOOOO much worse. I have also never feared for my life before going to sleep but i was at the mercy to any freak that one forgetful night!! I could not bear to think what a family turning up would think, It wouldn't only ruin your trip to england but also you would be scarred for life!!one small tip.... unless you want to experience a stay in a place which makes the black hole of calcutta look most attractive DO NOT GO THERE!!!!!!!	
May 24 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE PLEASE!!!!!!!!	What a CESS PIT of a hotel, filthy beyond imagination. Mould growing up the walls, Bedding not changed, and to describe the bathroom, it's best just to think of an open sewer!! Health and Safety would earn their money here.This 'hotel' needs closing down!!!!! It is DISGUSTING!! Please do not stay here!!!!The 'staff' were rude and uncooperative, with a lack of interest in anyone staying here!I wouldn't recommend to even the worst of my enemies!! it is unsafe too, the one night I stayed I didn't sleep for a minute, there was no lock on the door!!	
Apr 24 2009 	Worst place I've ever stayed	I'd almost forgotten about this hotel when I stumbled across another review of it. Sadly I'll never be able to completely forget my one night there. I've stayed in some pretty bad, very cheap places, but this is the the worst.I was only in London to pick up a visa then fly out to Korea the next day. For one night a bed is a bed, I reasoned, and if it's close to the Tube.... When I arrived, the man in the cubby hole/reception spoke very little English, just enough to let me know this was cash only. I left my bags there and went out in search of cash. On return the man pointed the way up to my room. I dragged my two large bags up narrow winding staircases to a room that was only slightly bigger than the queen sized bed. I didn't need to use the wardrobe which was just as well as it couldn't be opened because the bed was in the way, and it looked like the door would fall off if I tried. The bathrooms were shared - there were two on my floor, but after glancing into the toilet of the first and wondering if the previous guest had survived that bout of dysentery, I chose to use the second, but for essentials only and as quickly as possible.The hotel is close to the tube- so close in fact that the overground trains run outside the window every two minutes right through the night. I thought of Ellwood and Jake Blues and wondered if you really do get used to it. I lasted 15 minutes before heading to my nephew's new shared student flat - with hindsight, camping on the hard sofa amongst the student debris would have been preferable. I did go back to Earl's Court to sleep and to be fair the sheets were clean and the mattress looked acceptable I left as soon as I woke. It's not a place anyone would want to linger.So bad, it was funny. Should be condemned.	
Apr 16 2009 	I Wanted to Cry	When i first came into this hotel, i wanted to cry, i read all the reviews before but i couldn't imagine it to be that bad it a nightmare its against human rights. im sure prison cells look better...DONT BOOK i left the hotel and lost all my monet because i couldnt sleep i moved to a hotel across the street...	
Dec 7 2008 	Rank	DO NOT STAY HERE! We are a young couple on a budget working holiday and found this hotel in the TNT mag so we thought it couldnt be too bad. I would not even wish my worst enemies to stay here.. We didnt even stay a night only walked in and checked out a couple of their double rooms, thank god we didnt book over the net. Stains everywhere, smells like absolute death, i would rather stay at the train station around the block than catch an STD.. honestly! Someone needs to set this property alight to protect anyone from ever staying there. NEVER EVER BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!!	
Feb 16 2008 	Hell Hole	Don't be fooled by the location, yes it is a great location, but the hotel itself is a complete disaster. It is right next to the District Line going to Earl's Court station, so we could hear the trains every 4 minutes to and fro until 2am. I really didn't get much sleep. The room was so tiny and there were 2 of us staying in it. There was one small window and the decor was so 1960s.  As you walk into the hotel, if you look up at the ceiling you can see the state of it, I feared it would collapse on top of us.  The stairs leading up to the rooms are very compact and it is awkward to carry luggage up and down them. The staff were friendly and helped us with what we needed. The bathroom was ok actually, not as bad as I thought, but I didn't really like sharing with another couple.  There was no tv in our room and I'm sure there were tvs in other rooms but there was no mention of this on the website.  You don't need an alarm clock, the trains wake you up anyway. It was horrible, please don't stay there it is horrible.	
Oct 30 2007 	OMG - Aweful!	Earls Ct Garden hotel needs to be condemned!Firstly we were only staying there out of desperation, as there was a glitch in our original accommodation. We were booked there for 10 nights, and we made sure to ask if there was a cancellation policy - the person on the phone said there was a 48 hour policy.When we arrived, we immediately went about trying to find somewhere else to stay, and we did, and so cut our down to 4 nights. When we tried to tell the concierge this, he told us that we can't - we disputed this, and pointed out that the chap on the phone said we could we were told &quot;Oh that guy is stupid, and it was his first day&quot;.Eventually after a lot of back and forward, we got some of our money back - not all.This place was unsanitary with shonky beds, joinery and finishes. There is no tea/coffee facilities other than a kettle, and there were cockroaches. The bathroom/showers were disgusting...Luckily we were staying in hotels while we waited for our flat to become available - I feel sorry for people who stayed there on their trip to London for a holiday!	
May 14 2007	never again	i booked this hotel on the web site, the pictures were not as the hotel turned out to be. it was dirty it felt that we were staying in a squat for the night. we had rat poison in the corner of the rooms. we even see rats with back packs on leaving. the blankets were brown with dirt and blood stained.would never advise anyone to stay there!	
May 14 2007 	A terrible place to stay	It was one night too much :(the room was moldy. the sheets - stained and the staff - uncordial, this is not a hostel - sure not a hotel	
Apr 20 2007 	A relief to find this place!	We moved to this hotel the day we discovered we had been robbed of all of our valuables in a hotel near Victoria Station. The staff werevery friendly and were able to give us a great value room with an en suite for the price of one without! Sure the rooms could do with somework but we felt safe and comfortable at this place (its value for money people - If you want the Hilton stay at the Hilton - this is budget accommodation). So grateful for the value and security of the place and would recommend to friends and family on a budget.	
Mar 28 2007 	3 months in this dump	I actually lived in this place when I arrived in London? I paid £160 a week to stay there.The place is a flea pit and is about 50% overpriced, but being in London, they get away with it. Bathroom and bedrooms poorly maintained, though cleaned daily. Place is overdue a major overhaul or demolition. Felt safe though and never had anything stolen, though it annoyed me that cleaners through my shampoo/soap away when I left it in the bathroom.Location is good though, apart from shouting/breaking bottles in the street outside (or the rattle of the District Line during the day).Owing to the weird numbering system in the street, it was hard to locate at first. When coming from the tube, walk to the far end of Earls Court Gardens and it's on the left.With a bit of a cleanup, this place would make an adequate halfway house.	
Aug 10 2006 	Absolutely awful!	OK, this was the cheapest hotel room (£25 a night) I could find for myself only, but now I realise that you really do pay for what you get!Firstly, they dont take credit cards - cash only - even though I booked it on a credit card. It is close to Earls Court &amp; the Tube Station, in fact too close!! I was lucky enough to be in the front of the building, which still shakes when the numerous tube trains go by from 5.30AM! It must be worse in the rear. Although the road itself was very quiet, especially for London.Although I booked a single room, I was sharing it with various wildlife! There were cockroaches in the sink, a mousetrap under the sink and the smell! The mattress was probably the worse I have ever encountered - a big sag in the middle and covered in crumbs and numerous other stains.I have stayed in better hostels than this supposed hotel.Next time I will be prepared to pay for a quality room!	
Jul 11 2006	Skid Row	I have traveled for years and have stayed in some pretty crummy places, however, this is the worst one yet. I was suprised I didn't see rats hanging around the room. Plus to top it off, it was not cheap. I have never had to pay over $100 and have to wear shower shoes. My mother was so grossed out by the shower she wouldn't even take one. When I complained at the smell, the manager promptly handed me a can of air freshener as if I wasn't the first person to ask. I would highly recommend finding other accomodations! This place should be condemned, I think it might violate health codes in the US.	
Oct 22 2009 	Pura basura		
Aug 27 2009 	A en vomir		
May 10 2009 	Un hôtel quasi insalubre		
Oct 30 2006	A éviter tant que possible !		
