Sep 26 2009 	Absolutely disgusting!	The negative reviews of this disgusting hotel are true. Everything was dirty. The blankets were used and unwashed. The room was disgusting, the bathroom was tiny and dirty. It was the worst place we ever stayed in. There was nothing good about this 'hotel'. Even though the location was fine, our stay was marred by the experience. The service was terrible. 1 night there was too much. We did not sleep a wink and could hear the street noises through the single glazed windows. Avoid at all costs!	
Jul 31 2009 	Terrible hotel - great location - over-charged for the value	top floor room - they said it was the only one available with private bath - 5th floor by American counting - steep stairs with shallow steps, had to step sideways going down. Not very safe. Glad there wasn't a fire and I wouldn't put it past a place like that to have a fire.no toilet paper. we had to ask at the desk (4 floors down) - clerk gave us an open roll that was sitting beside him. Obviously it was a normal thing for him. He said that 'she forgot' - meaning the maid, I assumed. our room looked fairly clean and adequate at first glance, tho very small but we wanted to be very near hyde park, so accepted that this might mean some compromises. I hadn't read this so didn't know about the bedbugs or hair. I did not get any bites or find any disgusting surprises, but didn't look for them. My friend's bed was so uncomfortable that she had unaccustomed back pain after the first night that increased each night. My bed was nothing special but ok. it did make a lot of noise every time i moved, so it didn't help my friend to sleep cause i move a lot.It looked like the room had been cleaned at least superficially. But after we checked in, it was never cleaned. no drinking glass in bathroom. shower door falling apart. no place to hang coats except one broken wall hanger with one wire hanger - in a twin room that will obviously house 2 people. windows boarded shut at about 6 inches max opening. no AC. thankfully it was not very warm because the street was so noisy that we could not even leave this open. i asked for a fan but never got it. my friend wanted an extra blanket and was told it would be taken up, but when we got back to the room, it was not there and she had to go down those famous stairs for it. I shamed the middle aged Iraqi owner into carrying up the luggage - the young Chinese reception staff would not even consider carrying luggage. They were very smiley and superficially polite but little came of it.	
Jul 8 2009 	Messed around sworn at don't stay here!!!	For a start we arrived and were then sent to a sister 'hotel' as they didn't have the booking, even though it had been confirmed twice!!! Sister hotel in noisy location, broken fan, dodgy tv and aerial connection, dodgy shower, disgusting fridge.The second day we went back to original to sort out a key for some other friends coming for a room (also booked). We were left waiting at recption while the guy on reception chatted to his friend on the phone. 10minutes later we finally got to talk to him. He couldn't give us a key as the cleaner was at the sister hotel with the keys, but we could get it off him. When we asked if he could phone to confirm with the cleaner he said he had no credit in his phone and the 'hotel' phone only takes incoming calls. When we asked where the cleaner would be, we got the following reply 'in your F*CKING room'. So as a a customer asking reasonable questions we were sworn at. So back to sister hotel....on the way we phoned Hotels.com as it was booked through them. They denied knowledge of the booking at first. So to the cleaner...we found him, but he said he couldn't give us the key as he only had one and had to return them to the Berkeley. Hang on we were told to com back here to get it from you!!! Thoroughly annoyed, we met our friends and headed back to the Berkeley, where they now said they could house our friends, not in the sister 'hotel'. Dizzy??? Yes it really was this much hassle. Luckily we had a couple of hours to mess about with all this!Now onto the Berkeley...the room didn't lock(!), the lamp starting smoking when switched on, the window didn't open to let shower steam out, the twin bed turned out to be a double, with a camp bed (with no covers).Overall, poor rooms, DISGRACEFUL staff.On the plus side, close to Hyde Park and cheap, but i'd rather spend the extra next time	
May 13 2009 	Not too bad - great value for money when you're just going to sleep and shower there anyway...	You can't expect too much from a budget hotel, and if you have astma or is allergy prone - sorry, you just have to book something fancier...After having read all these gruesome reviews, I was a bit discouraged... I actually didn 't read them until very close to departure and didn't have other &quot;options&quot; within budget. Me and my sister left for London trembling, but that was uncalled for! Sure, some of the staff members aren't 100% attentive, but the &quot;night guy&quot; - a real doll! We got to see our room before checking in, all was fine, (we even had extra towels and soaps :-) fancy that!). It's close to Oxford Street for shopping, Hyde Park for relaxation and Marble Arch Underground station (on the red, central line) for when you want to move around London. I'll book this hotel again next time I go!	
Apr 15 2009	The worst service  rudest receptionist and dirtiest hotel over the world	Checking in this hotel was more than a nightmare. First of all, the attitude the receptionist (a young guy around his twenties, wearing glasses and Asian face) to a bewildered guest was the worst for a hotel staff member to my knowledge. To call this place as a hotel is REALLY, REALLY an ABUSE of the word. I will never forget the horrible experience I had in this terrible place.	
Mar 3 2009 	the best price off dirty hotel in town	if there is an price for the dirtiest hotel in the EU THEY GET IT. the room was dusty the blanket was dusty the will no clean it for me. so i got a astma attack.	
Oct 13 2008 	The crummiest dump I have ever stayed in	I wish that I had read the reviews here before checking into this sorry excuse for a hotel, from which I am typing this review. It is laughable that they charge people money to stay in this dump - guests should be paid for actually staying here.I had originally been booked into the Ivanhoe Suite through our corporate travel agent. I now understand that place is (or was) just as bad. As it would appear to be in common ownership, I have no doubt that was the case.On arrival at the Ivanhoe Suite, I found it to be closed down. A notice on the door asked guests to phone an 020 number. After doing so, I was told to go to the Berkeley Court hotel where I would be checked in and would receive credit for the taxi fare over.How I wish I had refused this offer...It is truly dire. I should have been suspicious when I was asked to pay for the room before I even got to see it. It's the &quot;policy of the hotel that all accounts are settled on arrival&quot;, according to notices in 'reception'. I can well understand why. To say that the place is the crummiest dump that I have ever stayed in is a huge understatement.In summary:- The bed is unmade and looks like it has probably been slept in by about six guests before me- Used, damp towels remained in the bathroom and on the floor of the bathroom. I asked for fresh towels and was handed one bath towel of dubious quality- There is no wardrobe- There is uncollected rubbish in the room- The room does not look it has been cleaned, well, ever!- Paint is flaking from the ceiling, etc- I would not be surprised to come across rats- The bathroom floor houses a collection of interesting bugsThe staff seem unconcerned about any of this.Unfortunately, this stay in on my employer and I have paid upfront. Even though I wouldn't be able to recoup any additional expenditure on an alternative hotel, I have looked around seriously and am dismayed that nothing else is available in the area with a rack rate of less than £250. Even at that rate, serious consideration has been given to leaving early.If I had a dog, I wouldn't board it here. Truly shocking.	
Oct 5 2008 	BED BUGS!	We STILL have welts from bed bugs. I squashed several on the sheets one morning, leaving bloody bug bits behind, and we put the box from the antibacterial cream next to them so the maid would see and change the sheets, and she just put my PILLOW on top! The bathroom was moldy, there was no hot water the entire four days we were there (ONLY because we were having trouble finding another place to stay for so long at such short notice), there were other people's hairs and things on the walls of the bathroom... when we got there, the beds were on end, with the previous occupants' dirty laundry in the corner. We had to take a walk while they cleaned the room. Mom had to go to the hospital for an allergic reaction to the bed bugs. As we left to find another hotel, citing bed bugs to be the reason for leaving, we received a sarcastic &quot;awww.&quot; in parting. Whoever owns this hotel should be ashamed and outraged that this goes on. DO NOT stay here. Go with Hotel Ibis, or Premier Inn, or Best Western; all of which have comparable room prices, even near the heart of London.	
Aug 25 2008 	Probably dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed	Probably the Dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed since my Inter-rail backpacking days is Berkeley Court Hotel in London!Although the hotel is newly furnished (a couple of years ago) I do not think the bathroom has ever been cleaned! I had to ask for the sheets to be replaced as there were hair on them and the new ones had stains as well!The staff was not helpful at all, I had to carry 2 suitcases myself to the 3rd floor room via very narrow and steep steps!The stairs had a leak and it was smelling disgusting.	
Jul 29 2008 	worst hotel experience EVER!	Booked for 5 nights but left after one night. The room is dirty, everything is dirty. No clean sheets. Even as dirty tissue on the table. It is worse than youth hostel. The toilet is extremely dirty with stain all over and no toilet paper. Really noisy at night as it's located next to a bar/cafe. STAY AWAY!	
Jul 28 2008	BED BUGS!!!	BED BUGS!!!!! I stayed overnight here for 1 night and woke up with hundreds of swells and bites all over my body from Bed Bugs! They do not clean the sheets or change the sheets for that matter. Do not stay here! Disgusting!	
Jul 16 2008	terrible	Had the misfortune of staying here on monday night,absolute farce that people would have to pay money to stay in this poor excuse for a hotel. To say staff were incompetent is being kind. There was a definite language barrier with staff, although not all as I can see from previous comments which one can only assume they have left themselves. Rooms were not serviced adequately ie unmade beds, dirty glasses, bathroom.. I can't even begin to convey the state of bathrooms. Staff did not believe this to be a major issue. I also, on leaving, experienced the staff dealing with a guest whose room would not lock as the lock was broken, they offered no remuneration for this absolute paramount of features of a hotel room, particularly in a city such as London. shockingly bad. If you are even looking for a basic get away, seek elsewhere for cheaper and you will definitely get something far better for your money	
Jul 12 2008 	don't stay here	Had the misfortune of staying here on monday night,absolute farce that people would have to pay money to stay in this poor excuse for a hotel. To say staff were incompetent is being kind. There was a definite language barrier with staff, although not all as I can see from previous comments which one can only assume they have left themselves. Rooms were not serviced adequately ie unmade beds, dirty glasses, bathroom.. I can't even begin to convey the state of bathrooms. Staff did not believe this to be a major issue. I also, on leaving, experienced the staff dealing with a guest whose room would not lock as the lock was broken, they offered no remuneration for this absolute paramount of features of a hotel room, particularly in a city such as London. shockingly bad. If you are even looking for a basic get away, seek elsewhere for cheaper and you will definitely get something far better for your money	
Jan 10 2008 	Brilliant Location!	Three friends and I stayed at this hotel in january 2008 and found the location perfect for what we came to london to do-shop!!! The hotel is situated at the top of oxford street less than 5 minute walk to the shops. The nearest tube station is marbel arch and is extremely useful to explore london!! The hotel itself is very basic and the staff are fine. One of our rooms was an okay size but the other was very small and after a days shopping it becomes increasingly smaller with the bags clothes etc....!!! All in all this hotel is perfect for those wanting to shop and to spend the minimum amount of money on accomodation!	
Oct 16 2007 	Dont stay here!	This hotel is truely awful!Our booking paperwork clearly stated that we had breakfast included, when we asked about the time breakfast was served we were told that the hotel had not served breakfast for the past two years!There was no milk available with the tea and coffee making facilities and when we requested some milk we were told that there was none available!We were woken at 6.30am both Saturday and Sunday morning by a very loud sqeeking noise coming from the bathroom. This noise prevented us from getting any further sleep omce it had started. We were informed that this noise was due to a fault with the boiler and someone was coming to fix it...however no one came to do this during our entire stay!And to top it all off there was no hot water in the hotel from waking on Saturday morning until we left on Sunday morning!!The hotel isn't overly clean either. The staff are not very helpful and the management were unsympathetic to our complaint, did not offer any apology and refused to offer any acceptable financial compensation for the terrible service we expereinced. A £10 'goodwill gesture' hardly covered two distrubed nights sleep and no hot water. I recommend that no one books to stay in this hotel!!	
Jan 26 2009	Berkeley Court verspricht nicht das was ich mir vorstellte...		
Sep 18 2008 	Terribile		
Sep 7 2008 	Widerlicher Ort! Keine volle Rückerstattung der Kosten Betrüger?! ekelhaft!		
Aug 14 2008 	Il peggior albergo di Londra		
