Jun 22 2009 	Good value nice but not spectacular	I stayed here for one night, in between flying in to Heathrow and taking a train elsewhere the next day. Since I was both coming in and leaving from Paddington, I wanted something close, and not too expensive, and this was my major reason for choosing this one. The location is good. It's right on the edge of what I'd consider walkable (while toting luggage) from Paddington - if much farther, I'd probably start considering a cab. It's probably a 5 minute walk, or just a bit more. The hotel was kind of hard to find - it is part of a long strip of similar looking hotels, and there was, as far as I could tell, no external sign showing the name of the hotel(!!!). I knew where it should be from the map I printed out, and the numbers matched up, but it was still awkward.I had arrived early (and had emailed ahead to let them know I would be), and they let me check into my room early (this was nice), also upgrading me to a double from the single I had reserved. My room was in the basement, and involved navigating a labyrinth of hallways and fire doors. The room had a window that opened onto what was basically a large shaft (so there was daylight, but no view of anything other than the opposite wall). As others have mentioned, the room was awfully tight, but it was what I expected (actually with more room overall, considering I had booked a single). I found the room to be clean and everything was in very good condition. I had some problems with the TV at first (kept turning off instead of changing channels), but eventually it seemed to start working (or I stopped doing something wrong). Free internet access required an ethernet connection, which was a bit awkward considering how small the room was - you are constrained as to where you can actually use the laptop.Breakfast was included and was a buffet-style service of the standard full breakfast. I was very happy with it. For other meals, there was an OK selection of restaurants closer to Paddington (think cheaper restaurants, not fancy ones), so just a short walk away.Overall, I got what I considered a good deal (just under 80 pounds with tax included), and had a comfortable stay. I discovered there are a ton of hotels on this same street, and while I'd be OK to stay here again, I also might consider looking at some of the others that are closer to Paddington (the ones closest to Paddington were significantly more expensive when I was traveling). On my return to London a few days later, I stayed in another hotel down the road (with a higher tripadvisor rating, even), but I preferred the Shaftesbury Metropolitan to that one, for several reasons.	
Jun 21 2009 	typical london style tiny miny rooms but good value for money..	now in 60-70 GBP range.. one cannot ask for more considering how expensive london is.. its a 5 mnts walk from the Paddington station.. there is a direct train from Heathrow to Paddington so one can take that to avoid any hassles.. its a pretty small hotel.. once on the floor where ur room is.. one has to navigate thru a labyrinth which is fun :) rooms are typical london style.. last time i was in London, i had stayed in Park Plaza in Vauxhall.. 150 GBP it was n there too room was almost the same size.. though slightely better though.. so considering that.. this one was fine.. internet n bfast is complimentary.. bfast was regular.. bacon.. scrambled eggs.. omelette.. juices.. bath was a way too small though.. there was barely any place to stand..	
May 8 2009 	Great location nice clean room but very cramped!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in April 09. We were originally booked at the sister property Shaftesbury Premier on Westbourne Terrace. But at the check in desk, we were told that they were out of rooms and sent us to Shaftesbury Metropole. I was reluctant at first because I specifically chose this hotel due to its location close to Paddington station, but the staff reassured me that the other hotel was about the same distance to Paddington. So they got a taxi for us and paid for it.At the Metropolitan, the staff were already expecting us and had our paperwork ready. So I was mildly pleased. They gave us a room on the 3rd floor and as we entered the elevator we got a taste of how small the hotel is. Anyway, our room was at the end of the hallway and we had to navigate the narrow hallways and through 2 fire doors. It was quite a challenge I must say.Our room was clean and the bathroom looked reasonably modern, but it was very small and cramped. We had 1 small suitcase and 1 medium suitcase and there was no place to open both suitcase at the same time (didn't want to put the dirty suitcase on the bed).Anyway, we didn't have any problem during our stay. The staff were courteous. It was only about 7 minute walk to Paddington. And there are busses that can get us to Oxford St for shopping, food, etc.So all in all I'd go back to the hotel but only if the price is right.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great stopover	This is a secret bargain, book late and get a great price. Clean, quiet and comfy, no frills, no bar, but clean, beautifully renovated rooms and facilities,pubs and good shops nearby, easy parking on meters, and friendly staff. Really, try it; for the same price as a cheap grotty hotel, or a ghastloy chain, it's a really nice straightforward place to stay over for a night or two where they trreat you as a human being.	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice enough accommodation but bad service	This hotel is fairly well situated for central london and priced reasonably given its location.The public areas of the hotel are clean and modern. The rooms are small, or at least the one I had was, and although a double you could not walk around the bed to the other side. However, they are well appointed with nice new fittings and fixtures.I have scored this hotel quite low because I received very bad service. I arrived at the hotel at 6.30pm after a long day of travelling and work. I was told (not asked) by the receptionist that I was being moved to an alternative hotel elsewhere because there was a problem with the water supply to my room. I said this was unacceptable to me as I'd arranged to meet a colleague in the hotel that evening who was also staying there. In an extremely surly tone he told me that I had no choice because 'my room' was not available. I pointed out that it wasn't 'my room' until he allocated it to me and so he could just allocate me an alternative room. This argument went on for a long time during which time he refused to let me see the manager and refused to issue me with an alternative room. I was forced to become equally assertive myself and informed him that I would hold up the queue of people behind me until he sorted me out with a room in the hotel where I had booked. Although he eventually did back down it was not without much rolling of eyes, tutting and general rudeness. I would not return to any such hotel that does not honour its bookings without such a struggle and where staff feel it is acceptable to treat customers as though they are an inconvenience and nuisance.I feel it a shame that my stay here was marred by this incident as I thought the hotel itself was quite nice.	
