Nov 10 2009 	Numerous stairs awful even after being guaranteed a lower floor room	We enjoyed Kevin and his interesting take on the local scene. He was a gracious host.The breakfast selection was fine and the food was nicely presented.We had requested a room on the lower floors because my wife had just gone through a complete knee replacement. Unfortunately that did not work out. And on our return trip late in our trip we were relegated to an even higher floor after making a request for the lowest floor. We did have very noisy neighbors on our first visit and had to beat on the wall at 3 am for them to get quiet.	
Oct 29 2009 	Highly Recommended!	My husband and our 23 year old daughter stayed here for 3 nights in Room #8 with one double bed and one twin and private bath. While the room and bath were small, it was very clean and comfortable. The shower was tiny, but the hot water and good pressure made up for it. The innkeeper Kevin was a great guy. He found us a taxi to Heathrow for almost the same amount as the Heathrow Express. Breakfast was included and provided a good start to the day. The area seemed relatively safe and was within easy walking distance to the Pimlico and Victoria stations. We actually walked from Vauxhall with luggage without difficulty. (P.S. I got a better rate by writing to Kevin directly rather than going through any of the websites online.)	
Oct 9 2009 	Would definitely stay again!	We had a wonderful 9 night stay at Blades Hotel. Kevin and the staff were fabulous - friendly, helpful, and so pleasant. Our room was very comfortable and incredibly quiet. The location was perfect - just a few blocks from a Tube station and a bus stop almost right at the door. The value was amazing - we couldn't have asked for anything more!	
Oct 3 2009 	Same postcode as the Queen!	We booked this hotel because of its location. A previous review rated the location as 'poor' - so the Queen live in a poor location as she shares same postcode? Really silly question. Very clean hotel, not 5 star but that reflects in room rates. Great buffet breakfast and very good staff who make the stay very pleasant. Advice on events and hotels from a guy who seems to run the place. No lifts so ask for a lower floor if a problem -i t is a period building. The best bed and breakfast hotel we have stayed in a capital city. Local transport - BRILLIANT!	
Sep 3 2009 	Refurbishment Required-Tiny Room	The external appearance is fine-once you are inside it all goes wrong. The overall decor is poor and our tiny room located 4 flights up was very poor.Holes in the wall,holes in the curtain,holes in the towels.The lock on our bedroom door required much attention to make it work,it looked as if it had been broken into and then badly repaired.The shower was pathetic.On the positive side the sheets were clean and the bed was reasonably comfortable but not good enough to change our overall view -would we return-NO WAY	
Aug 21 2009 	A friedly gem	We have stayed at Blades several times, and enjoy returning there. Kevin's friendly attention in the (non-cooked but excellent) breakfast room is a highlight. Drawbacks are the steep stairs - especially on the top floor, and the occasional need to seek help with the shower taps, but everything is there - if one asks! Very convenient for bus and tube.	
Jul 28 2009 	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Blades Hotel.	We like to stay in this location when we go to London and this year left booking til very late but were lucky to get into this hotel. Keven and the staff made the stay very enjoyable indeed. We were lucky &lt;haha&gt; to get one of the top floor rooms and as Kevin said by the time we reached the top with our luggage we would have &quot;faith&quot;. For those who cannot do steps it is something to consider when booking. For us it simply gave us some more exercise. The rooms are VERY clean and have everything you need. Everything was in good working order. There is a lovely place on the 3rd level I believe for you to sit in an open concept room and enjoy the day or evening. We would definetly book at the Blades Hotel now instead of the other hotel where we usually stay.	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent	Kevin great mine host. Room large clean and welcoming. great location. Breakfast all you could need with Kevin on hand to help with sightseeing and easy transport. would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a break in London	
Jul 2 2009 	Great location personal service	Spent five wonderful nights at the Blades with my husband and two teens. Room was small but adequate - typical of European hotels. Kevin was great and the personal touch by him and his staff was terrific. Breakfast was great and includes cheese and meat but nothing hot. The only thing I would change is to provide some variety in the breakfast buffet for those of use who spent more than 2 or 3 days in the hotel. Wifi was available but didn't always work very well.Would definitely stay at the Blades again and would recommend to others.	
Jun 29 2009 	Will return!	Kevin and his staff were welcoming and friendly. Upper floor rooms were very quiet, even with windows open all night. Breakfast was a friendly affair with other travelers exchanging ideas. The teen shoppers were thrilled with Kevin's suggestions. More like a B&amp;B than cookie cutter hotel, and perfect for a family.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great value for money	I would reccomend the hotel it's great if your staying in London for a few days. I stayed with a group of friends it was all our first time in London and the tube stike was on when we were their but we still found it really easy to get around and the hotel was pretty central.The room was cosy but it was clean,would have been better if the towles were replaced daily but overall I was pleased with the room.The staff were lovely and very helpfull I would use the hotel again next time I'm in London.	
May 31 2009 	A good location for a city trip	Some disappointment with this hotel, which although very well sited for a city break to London, was more of a B&amp;B, than a hotel.The room was clean and of an adequate size.Tea &amp; coffee facilities were available but had to be picked up from a cupboard. Nowhere to safely plug in kettle.A change of towels was only &quot;permitted&quot; every three days! Despite our leaving very damp towels out in the bathroom after the second day, on returning to our room the next afternoon and finding the same damp towels hung again on the non heated towel rail!!The breakfast although continental, was limited.Very close to Pimlico underground.No lift so beware of the stairs.	
Apr 5 2009 	Location hospitality - the Blades has it all	Prior to leaving for London I did exhaustive research on hotels in the city. I became more and more apprehensive about where to lodge after reading so many bad reviews of almost every hotel. Price and location didn't seem to matter. We finally booked a room at the Blades Hotel (which did have quite a few good reviews) but in spite of this I think I held my breath all the way from Memphis to London in anticipation of what we might find when we arrived. Thankfully we were pleasantly surprised upon arriving at a quaint, clean, 19th century establishment. The room was spacious enough for my husband and myself (no large storage drawers but did have clothes rack with hangers) , the ensuite shower was full size with plenty of hot water and good water pressure (the sink was tiny but cute and served it's purpose) and we were lucky enough to get a room with french doors opening onto a small balcony (no patio furniture but the view of the street and the night breeze were nice). The daily breakfast was wonderful and included crumpets, toast, cheese, yogart, granola, fruit, cereal, juice, cold turkey and ham, and coffee and tea (I may have forgotten one or two items). Although I love most things English I couldn't have suffered the traditional fry up that some B&amp;B's offer. Best of all was our host, Kevin. He communicated with me prior to our arrival (which helped set my mind at ease) and was a most pleasant,cordial host throughout our stay. One of my fondest memories of our trip are our breakfast conversations with Kevin and the other guests, whether advising us about our sightseeing plans, discussing history or enlightening us with stories of England and the Royal Family. There is no lift but we were able to stay on one of the lower floors. The heating was very adequate. I'm not sure if the hotel is airconditioned. We stayed there in March when we didn't need it. There is no 24 hours reception but we advised Kevin of any needs at breakfast (car hire for the airport, etc.) and our request was handled swiftly. During our stay we encountered three other visitors from the states. One of them had been there one week and had already changed hotels three times and the other two were staying at places that they didn't sound too enamored of and were paying quite a bit more than we were. Having a good place to stay put our fears to rest and allowed us to really enjoy our stay. We are so grateful that we choose The Blades. I only hope that we can return so that we can stay there again and we would certainly recommend it to anyone. From all that we had read and heard about concerning hotels in London we feel like we found a treasure!	
Mar 7 2009 	The Blades Hotel is brilliant!	On our first morning in London, Kevin, the wonderfully witty manager of the Blades Hotel, marched our group of four plus several of his other guests off past Buckingham Palace for &quot;something we must see&quot;. It was only a short walk (the hotel is wonderfully located) and Kevin kept us entertained the whole way. We stopped just down from the palace at the edge of a small group of people. Minutes later, cars started arriving carrying various members of the Royal Family. In short order, THE ENTIRE ROYAL FAMILY (the Queen, Prince Charles, Princes William, Edward and Harry, etc., etc. etc.) showed up to unveil a statue of the Queen Mother. Had any other hotel manager taken the time to walk his guests to this once-in-a-lifetime event? Absolutely not and that's why Kevin and The Blades Hotel in London gets our highest possible recommendation.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Hotel	My daughter and I have now enjoyed two weekends in London and have used Blades Hotel on each occasion. The hotel is in an excellent location being vey good for transport links to all the tourist attractions/sights. The rooms are clean and the staff are very helpful. Breakfast is provided and very good with a selection of fruit, cereal, choice of breads, cold meat and cheese. The addition of crumpets is a nice touch. We were very well looked after both times and would not hesitate to recommend others to try the hospitality extended to guests at Blades	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Family Hotel	Traveling with 3 young children to London can be a daunting task. It's great to know that when you arrive at the Blades Hotel you've found a comfortable home for the week. The Blades has one of London's few family rooms that actually will accommodate a family of 5. You trade off a hallway bathroom (private to the room), but it's more than made up for by the clean and comfortable room that fits a family and all your belongings. The convenience of being 3 minutes from the blue line on the tube and half-a block from the bus stop is tremendous. All of this is topped off by the friendly staff. Our youngest child considered the manager, Kevin - who welcomes you to breakfast each morning, one of the highlights of her trip. Breakfast is served in an intimate dining room, with a nice selection of choices. The guests were from all over Europe which makes for an educational and very international experience. The staff was very kind to the children, helpful for touring tips and went out of their way to help with my internet needs. They even decorated with red/white/blue balloons and signs for the presidential inauguration. I found this hotel on Trip Advisor and agree with the many positive postings that led us to book here. Highly recommend.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great little hotel in an excellent location!	I was traveling to London for the World Travel Market Show and my husband wanted to tag along. Since he and my 5-year-old daughter hadn't seen London, I brought them along so they could sightsee while I worked. The Blades Hotel met all our needs. Very close to the Victoria Tube station, which is a hub for many lines, the Blades is a great neighborhood in Kensington--close to restaurants, transport and shopping. The staff is all lovely: very friendly and accommodating. Kevin, the proprietor, takes good care to help you make the most of your trip. For example, my husband was going to take my daughter up to see the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace. Kevin suggested that she might be more interested in seeing the changing of the Horse Guard, which is just as beautiful, but with better access and a clearer vantage point for a small child. He was right. As for the accommodations, the rooms are clean and well appointed. Breakfasts are simple but quality. We will definitely stay here again (Note: While this hotel is highly recommended, note that it is &quot;low frills&quot;. So if you're looking for a chocolate on your pillow, stay elsewhere. But if you want a well-located, clean, friendly and comfortable (and well-priced) hotel, the Blades is your place.)	
Dec 11 2008 	Great budget hotel	If you want a reasonably priced hotel which is clean, friendly and close to a tube station look no further than this one. It is always a bit of a risk choosing a budget hotel in London but this one will not disappoint as long as you appreciate that you are getting what you pay for. If you want 5 star go and pay over the odds somewhere else but otherwise this is excellent value for money.From check in to check out the staff could not have been more helpful, the room was clean and a good size and the bathroom, though small, was perfectly adequate.Breakfast was a jovial experience with Kev telling jokes and imparting his vast knowledge of London to his guests. There was very much a family atmosphere even to the extent that he produced a cake with candles for a litttle girl who was celebrating her 8th birthday and we all sang 'Happy Birthday'. Great fun. There was a good choice of cereals, cheese, cold meat, bread and crumpets to choose from so no need to go hungry.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel both for convenience (it is only a 5 minute walk from Pimlico tube station) and value. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 6 2008	Great location spotless great staff	We enjoyed a room for 4 nights. There were 3 of us for 1 night and 2 for the other three and we were able to stay in the triple for the price of the double which was great so we didn't have to pack up and move. The bedroom and bathroom were spotless, beds comfortable, view was nice. Breakfast was good with excellent service and converstion from Kevin. Lydia was helpful and sweet during checkin. Location is wonderful, easy walk from Victoria Station and Pimlico Underground. Bus 24 , which runs up through Trafalgar square, stopped half a block away and the area seemed safe at night. Local restaurants including a Pizza Express and a Tapas bar were really tasty. Thanks for a great stay! We'll be back.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great experience Loved Kevin	We stayed 2 nights at Blades after recommendation from this site and others. We had the family room on the main floor and it was perfect for us. The hotel appeared clean and breakfast was great. We mentioned to Kevin that we were going to Paris on the Eurostar the next morning and he offered to hale a cab for us. He told us to come to breakfast at 6:30 and we would need to take a cab at about 7:15 to make our train. Breakfast is not usually served until 7:00, but he said just come down early. He was reallly great, we really enjoyed our stay there at Blades hotel.	
Aug 17 2008	Would definately stay again	My daughter and I went to London for the first time and was looking for a place that was reasonable and close to the tourist attractions. The Blades Hotel was just what the doctor ordered; not only was the staff great but the other guests were friendly and it was more of a family atmosphere than a hotel atmosphere. We stayed eight days with no regrets.Kevin and Lydia were the perfect hosts and we were treated as family. This is a Victorian Hotel that is not ultra modern or ultra swank but if you are looking for a nice, clean and safe place to stay this is the place for you. Our intention was not to spend much time in our room and we did not. Public transporation is just a short walk away both the bus and underground. Musems, the Palace and other London Landmarks are within walking distance.I was not disappointed because I did take into account all the reviews on this site. For us there were no surprises. I am planning to return to London in the not too distant future and I will not hesitate to stay at the Blades again.	
Aug 12 2008 	A little shabby but did the job!	Recently stayed at Blades for a weekend and on first impressions thought the hotel was adequate.We had the last room available which was a single room with a double bed and there was enough room for both of us. The room was clean but it really smelt of Garlic! The smell was so strong we kept the window open day and night! The bed was lumpy and could of done with renewing. The room did not have a hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities as advertised and therefore didn't take a hairdryer with me so that was a bit inconvenient! The bathroom was ok with a good power shower which was welcome after a long day in the big smoke!The breakfast was basic but there was plenty of it and set us up for the day. The staff were friendly and helpful, the manager was always up for a laugh and making jokes, very amusing!So basically it catered for our needs as all we wanted was somewhere to sleep at the end of the night. If you want luxury then probably not ideal but otherwise a good base for sightseeing and very reasonsible in price.	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent value for money	I was very impressed. The location is fantastic (a 15-minute walk and you're at the Houses of Parliament), and the staff is friendly and welcoming. The hotel is located in an old house, but it's well kept-up and my room had modern and perfectly adequate fittings (the bathroom, especially, was new and clean). My room was quite tiny, but I believe most are larger (mine was a special one in the mezzanine which was going for cheaper rates just because of its smallness). And tiny or not, I had an en suite bathroom and plenty of those little extras that make for a comfortable stay (coffee-making equipment, sachets of shampoo, a TV, etc.). Oh, and it was perfectly clean. The only thing that wasn't perfect was the bed, which was a bit lumpy, but nothing too bothersome.What else? Breakfast was also really nice, with good food and plenty of variety, check-in and check-out were a breeze and the staff allowed me to leave my luggage there until the afternoon the day I checked out. Highly recommended!	
Jun 23 2008 	Overall not impressed	Last June I made my 4th trip to London. I had always stayed in the Sussex Gardens area and I had spent the first 3 nights of this trip in Sussex Gardens before going to Normandy and Paris. I returned to London from Paris and decided to spend my last 2 nights at the Blades Hotel, based on glowing reviews on this and other travel sights.I was disappointed with my room at the Blades. It was at the very top of the building at the end of a long climb of stairs. The room was shabby and in need of a good cleaning. It was very stuffy and the small fan provided served only to blow the dust bunnies around. There was no screen in the window and opening the window was an invitation for the flies to occupy the room. Getting some sleep was not easy.On the positive side I did enjoy the breakfast room and the selection of food available. The only staff I encountered were two very young girls, who were very polite and helpful.I am returning to London this September and I will be going back to the Sussex Gardens area.	
Jun 10 2008	Comfortable beds	Blades Hotel makes up for the tiny bathroom with the hospitality of it's staff and the very comfortable beds. In fact, I was told I was only the second person to sleep on the beds in our room, so they are quite new. Most beds on our 7-country trip were hard, but not these, they were comfortably soft, so it was the best sleep I got on my entire trip! I also enjoyed the breakfast and opportunity to ask touristy questions, plus looking around teh sunroom. The staff bend over backwards to help--especially the feather-light lady who carried our very heavy luggage up the stairs (!) , handed us an informational sheet all about the neighborhood, set us up with a pot of tea for our room, and told us where we could grab a bite to eat. The room is done up nicely for a budget hotel and has a traditional English feel with the chinz drapes. Another reviewer mentioned the lack of closet, but the closet rod is in a open area like the bay of a bay window. I thought the open space made the small room feel bigger, and I liked the tin ceiling. I truly feel that, other than gaining more space, the hotel is at its best.	
Jun 2 2008 	The Blades is the "Cutting Edge"	Cute, little hotel. Wonderful staff. Located close to an underground station. Good breakfast each morning. We had the 2nd floor balcony just above the Blades sign. It was a good sized room and suited our needs.	
Dec 26 2007	Great location and more	We were recommended by friends in Orlando who stayed before to go to the Blades Hotel. It lacks elevators and some other modernisation as it a late Victorian house converted to a hotel but it is a really clean and friendly with a brilliant location. While were there there was the royal State Opening of Parliament and the hotel manager, Kevin, took all the guests to a great spot on the route of the Queen's procession to Westminster - a sensational day. Our room was a moderate size and the breakfast was a time to plan the day with advice been given on theatres and places to visit. Certainly will stay there again and recommend it to family and friends.	
Aug 5 2007	Less than a budget hotel. I'd say a bit above camping.	We read the reviews at great length on TripAdvisor and even heard this property was in one of Rick Steve’s books. We knew it was a budget hotel but nothing prepared us for what we experienced. To give you a sense of our comparison, a budget hotel to us would be one like Motel 6 … Blades was well below that. I’d rank the property a bit over camping – certainly not a budget hotel in American standards. And we paid nearly $200 per night there.First the good and there's not much here…The location was great. Near 2 tube stops. However, most of London to be easy to get around in from almost anywhere – but Victoria Station is a major thoroughfare and convenient as all other reviews stated.. There are many budget properties in this area – not sure how they were to stay at, but there seems to be many options. In addition, we had a problem with tickets to the theater that we couldn’t use and the staff offered to post a notice about that. Here are the issues we encountered with Blades:*There is no air conditioning in the hotel, so our windows were open. One of the windows had to be held up by a book as it did not remain open on its own. Also, it rained 3 out of the 5 days we were in London and so the room was somewhat damp. *It was noisy at night. We stayed on the fist floor in the back of the hotel and on an alley. We heard animal noises most nights. * We were given a bath towel and a hand towel for each of us. There were 4 of us in the room. The towels were supposed to be changed every 3 days. The towels we received were frayed and thin. With only one rack outside the bathroom and 2 hooks to hold the towels (enough for 3 towels to be held and aired out to dry) and the humidity in the room, we were never able to completely dry the towels out. *Although our towels should have been changed on the 3rd day, they weren’t. I believe we only had one set our entire stay. We were at the property 5 days. Had we had a new set, we would have had dry towels on our 3rd day. This was not the case.* Cleaning service did not come one day. By the time we returned to our room and realized they didn't clean, it was too late to do anything.*There is only one key given to us for the room. There were 4 of us and we split up on occasion. The one(s) without the key had to ring the bell to get an employee to open the Main door. There are no phones in the rooms so you couldn’t call your party to open the main door.* The sink drained very slowly. We had to constantly turn the water off while washing or brushing our teeth so as not to flood the floor (which of course, we couldn’t have wiped up, as we had a limited ration of towels).*There was no closet and not cabinet or dresser to put our clothes in. I have added a picture of the rod that was up against one wall and out in the open. This was what was to be used to hang clothes. In a room for 4 there were 10 hangers upon our arrival. We requested more and got them with no problem, but the rod was still too small for all of our items. We were there for 5 days and had to live out of our luggage. *Breakfast was very basic and open until 9:00. This isn’t 9:00 American standard where you can come in at 9:00 and be served. It meant that at 9:00 they began clearing away the food. You needed to come down and finish by 9:00. Just something worth noting.*On one occasion, we requested information about the theater district. I know the staff aren’t supposed to be concierges however, we where led to the pay phone and told we could find our answer by calling out of the phone book. We didn’t even know where to start.* Our window never completely shut. It was on an angle so that there was always an open gap.* We had a flight at 7:00 in the morning and needed to be at the airport at 4:00am. We abided by the request of the hotel to have them order the taxi the day before. The day before at breakfast, we did request a taxi from one of the ladies who worked in the hotel. Just out of a whim, I also asked for the phone number so we could confirm. Low and behold at midnight when we returned to our room and I checked in the with taxi company I learned no cab was ordered for us nor available. I then called the manager/owner who took care of getting us another taxi. So glad she was there and answered the phone. Another taxi came early in the morning. Had I not called to confirm, we might have not gotten to the airport on time. We only received 3 hours of sleep that night.* The owner/manager of the property told us the fare for the taxi would be 38 pounds. When our driver got to us, he turned the meter on and told us that any cab before 6:00 in the morning did not offer the 38 pound fare -- it was instead 72 pounds!When we left the lady in charge, Noreen knew about our problems and offered a 2 night complementary stay on our next visit. As we would never stay at this property again, I instead asked her to credit us on our June trip. I was told that wasn’t going to happen. Noreen felt that I should have highlighted more of our issues to her throughout our stay so she could have fixed them.. It’s a wonder she felt that there were enough problems to offer us free nights on our next visit but wouldn’t take care of this one. We would never go back to this hotel!Overall, we were very disappointed in the property. We came off a 2 1/2 week trip finishing in London, which turned out to be quite a let down. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we were expecting a warm welcome, assistance with our London trip, clean hotel and a small bathroom. We did receive the small bathroom; yet the other things expected were not there.	
Jul 24 2007 	Not as good as wrote in the reviews	We stayed in Blades for 3 nights and there were bed bugs. Although the manager moved us to another room for the last night, he didn't apologize for the problem and kept saying that they never had the problem before and suggest we probably got beaten somewhere. The sheets and towels were not changed everyday but every 3 days. So if you stay there for 3 nights, you'll just get fresh towels on the first day. The breakfast was ok but pretty basic. As the reviews said, the manager entertain the guests every morning during breakfaster; it was nice, but we don't pay 100 just for jokes. The hotel is at a decent location, which is very near to the Pimlico station on the Victoria line. There are plenty of B &amp; Bs on the same road so keep your choice open.	
Mar 13 2007 	Good Hotel “Does What It Says on the Tin”	We stayed the second weekend in March 07 for 2 nights. The Hotel is literally 3 minutes walk from ‘Pimlico’ Underground station, which gives quick access to the centre of London, Victoria Railway station is one stop up the line! We received a warm welcome from the Staff, who where friendly and helpful throughout our stay. The rooms were very clean along with the bedding and the En-suite Showeroom. The room we had (1st floor) was a good size in relation to the price paid, it gave you enough room to move about without falling over each other. The En-suite Showeroom was all you needed and worked for us, however was very small and could be a challenge for above average to large sized people! The Breakfast was good with a selection of different cereals, breads cold meats and cheese etc. The only thing we felt missing that we like to see in a continental breakfast would be some croissants / fresh pastries, otherwise it was good! In relation to the prices of other hotels we looked at in London this hotel was good value for money, clean, with good transport links to the rest of the city, we would happily stay here again!!	
Nov 30 2006 	Clean convenient and friendly	We received a warm and helpful reception from the manager. The room was small and the bath even smaller but sufficient for our needs. The Underground was only 2 blocks away and the 24 Bus was just out the front door. Wonderful coffeeshop around the corner along with a friendly Spanish restaurant and nifty pizza place. All in all a good value in incredibly expensive London.	
Nov 13 2006	Typical European Hotel	We loved the manager (he entertained us at breakfast every day, which was basic fare, but decent and free). But, one woman in particular was not very pleasant. There is no lift in the hotel and there are 5 &quot;stories&quot; - so beware. The rooms are small and the bathrooms are very small, but like the manager said - this is Europe. If you want large accomodations then stay in America. Overall extremely average, but with the incredible prices in London, not unbearable.	
Nov 9 2006	A very nice stay	Just called in off the street looking for somewhere to stay and was offered a room immediately.Very comfortable hotel and room. The service from the reception was very personal and welcoming. The bed was extremely comfortable and I had one of the best night's sleep I have ever had outside of my own home.Convenient location and it was very quiet too.Next morning there was a generous breakfast including fresh fruit, ham and cheese and a choice of cereals and juices. All supplied fresh and not from a machine.Would stay again. Dr J Penney	
Oct 7 2006 	Saintly service	I am embarrassed that it has taken me so long to write this review given the remarkable stay we experienced at the Blades. My husband and I toured London for 4 days prior to our wedding in Inverness. London, notorious for outrageous hotel prices, offers few acceptable budget options. We found the Blades a perfect fit - great location, great price, great breakfast, clean, and nice people. We discovered just how nice when my wedding dress, shipped in advance of our arrival, failed to turn up. Online and American postal systems were unable to find it and could provide us with no useful information. Kevin, the Blades' manager, immediately sprung into action, spent a ridiculous amount of time on the phone, and was able to locate my dress at an airport outside of the city held up in customs. Having no knowledge of the intricacies of the British postal service and customs, we would have never been able to find the dress on our own. This is the type of service I expect but rarely receive at a 4 star hotel. We cannot thank Kevin enough for his generousity. We hope to return to London soon and will most certainly choose to stay at the Blades.	
Jul 15 2006	One star: Wouldn't recommend to a friend	We stayed there five days in June 2006 in a double. First, it was hot in London. And, our room was on the top floor (no elevator by the way.) 1) Loud and hot: The window was a single pane glass. So at night, it was so loud that we couldn't sleep until 3AM when people outside started going to bed, and traffic died down. And, it was so hot with no A/C that we couldn't even get comfortable. After walking around London and sightseeing for 12 hours per day, you want to be able to go back to an air conditioned room. So, we sweated all day, and went home and sweated at night. It was miserable. 2) Terrible bed: The bed was like a foam stuffed bag with springs sticking into us. It was probably the cheapest bed that they could find. 3) Dirty towels and linens: The towels were about as thin and cheap as a one star in the United States. To make matters worse, they didn't wash them for three days. So you had to hang up your dirty towels to dry every day. The U.K. law for Hotels is to wash at least every three days in London. So, Blades does the bare minimum required by law. 4) Tiny bathroom. This bathroom was obviously an add on. So what you have is a small bedroom room about 12 feet by 9 feet. And inside that room is a tiny shower/toilet: about 5 feet by 2.5 feet. 5) Non-English staff. If you want an English B&amp;B experience you can't get it at Blades. The staff is not from England. Nothing wrong with the people, however, if you are in London, you want to have someone who has lived there their whole life to give you tips and interesting conversation. The owner/manager Kevin made a cameo appearance one day. He is great, but not around. 6) location: It is not by Victoria Station, it is one stop after Victoria station. Since you will use the Tube everyday to go to Westminister or the Tower, you should stay near Westminister. That way you can save the $9/day on Tube tickets for two people. Add that to the cost of the Hotel room and it is about $155/ night. So for the same price or perhaps $20 more, you can stay in an air conditioned 3-4 star hotel with washed towels, elevator, comfortable bed, and a good nights sleep. It is ridiculous to stay at Blades for that price when you can get comfort for the same price on the other side of the Thames in Westminister. 7) Breakfast was lame: I don't know why they advertise a &quot;hearty breakfast&quot; - it is essentially Wheaties, yougurt, bread, and some canned mixed fruit. The meat is ham cold cuts. Yum. 8) customer service: when we complained it was too hot, and loud to sleep the young lady working there immediately blamed us. She said, &quot;why don't you wear earplugs? Aren't you tired from walking all day? You should have no problem sleeping - you must not be walking enough.&quot; Meanwhile, we walked 12 hours per day, and the room was sweltering. She did move us though to the back of the house which was much quieter.	
Jun 30 2006	Just Right!	We were absolutely delighted with the Blades Hotel! If you want a clean, quiet room with comfortable beds and aren't looking for frills, this place is for you. Our family of four felt right at home from the moment Lydia checked us in. Four nights later, we were sad to leave, and had no regrets whatsoever with our decision to stay here. We would highly recommend it to families visiting London.	
May 27 2006	Worked for us	We were happy to have experienced a real British hotel. A great location for walking or tube. Small, yes but typically so. We did speak to an English traveller who repeatedly uses the hotel when in London. We rebooked for a couple nights after a side trip. Our second room was one with a sink you could rest your head on when on the toilet. Wouldn't work if you are overweight. But the beds and furnishing were adequate; I called it much better than camping. We just didn't want to spend more than 79 pounds. The continental breakfast was fine. Only saw the manager once, but the two young workers were very pleasant. We went to the White Swan on Vauxhall Bridge Road nearby for pub food. It has a non-smoking area, which many don't.	
Sep 7 2005	For the price this hotel is a fabulous place to stay in the heart of London	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Blades hotel Aug. 27-31, and we thoroughly enjoyed everything about the place. First of all, it's in an absolutely ideal location - just a short walk to Victoria Station. Since we love to walk cities, we walked everywhere. Buckingham Palace was perhaps a 15-20 minute walk and there's lots to see right in that area. The owner, Noreen, and Kevin, the Manager were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Kevin adds a lot of spice to your stay and is always cheerful. In another review, the person states the bathrooms are small but I didn't find that they were so small. They are quite standard based on other hotels we've stayed in. The sheets and towels were crisp and clean and the room was very clean - something that's of utmost importance to me. We loved London and will be going back and there is no doubt that we will stay at the Blades Hotel again. If you do stay there, check out the following restaurants just a few blocks from the Blade Hotel: Jomuna at 74 Wilton Road; it's wonderful Indian cuisine and reasonably priced (prior to going to London I did not eat Indian food at all - I'm now a convert!) and SeaFresh at 80-81 Wilton Road for excellent fish - we were told this is where the locals go. You will not be disappointed in the Blades Hotel if you're looking for something reasonably priced ($135/night) in the heart of London.	
Aug 26 2005	great place to stay!	We stayed at the Blades Hotel on 2 separate nights during our trip to England. The room and bathroom were very small, but clean. You basically get what you pay for. We asked for a single room with double bed ensuite (the smallest that they have) to accomodate 2 people, and it was fairly adequate for us. The only downside was that it was at the top of the hotel and we had to walk up 8 flights of stairs. Be sure to pack light or not to have any difficulty with walking! The breakfast was tasty and there was a good selection of buffet foods.	
Mar 14 2005	Great location 	My friend and I just returned from 4 nights in London at Blades. We found the facilities fully adequate for our budget, and the staff at Blades to be extremely helpful.Prior reviews noted concerns about sheets and towels not being changed with the same frequency as anticipated per US standards. Upon check-in, we received a sheet which detailed their policy (in accordance with the British Automobile Association ratings) and this did not cause us any problems. While our room was ample, the bathroom was somewhat small by American standards, but extremely clean and newly-refurbished. Both Kevin the manager and Michael the owner were extremely friendly and eager to make suggestions to improve our time in London. The location of the hotel in the Pimlico area was very convenient to the Underground and breakfast was delicious. Since London was extremely expensive, take advantage of the breakfast at Blades and you will save money on lunches!	
Feb 12 2005	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Blades for 6 nights in July 2004. It was great, the staff friendly and very helpful. Kevin the manager, was most accomadating in allowing us to store some extra stuff while we were off to Paris for a week. Furthermore, he was very entertaining during breakfast and gave great advice as to how to get to Waterloo Station. (cab, not public transportation), what to see and what not to waste time on.  Yes, the rooms are small and the baths even smaller and the TV is miserable, but it's london. The Best Western two blocks away was 3 times the price and I suspect the room were not much bigger. 	
Jan 13 2005	I might stay here again	The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating and the rooms were spacious. My only complaint is that the bathroom and room were not the cleanest and towels had an odd smell. The hotel was fine for one night but I might think twice about staying there for an extended period of time.	
Nov 10 2004	I don't think I would stay there again	My husband and me just came back from our little London vacation. We spent 5 nights at the “Blades Hotel” (near the Victoria station). I would like to share few comments with the others, because for us it was an unpleasant surprise.1.When we arrived we discovered that there are no phones in the rooms. We were irritated because by paying $136 per night (may be not horribly expansive, but still not very cheap) we did not expect that have a phone in the room should be a problem.2.We have stayed in a number of European’s hotels, but I have never seen such a tiny bathroom. In order to pull up your pants or if you need to dry yourself up with a towel after the shower, you have to open the door into the room, because it’s not possible otherwise.3.We stayed there for 5 nights and our bed sheets were not changed even ones (!!!)The towels were changed on the 4th day of our stay (!!!). Of course there are some good things to say: location is perfect, breakfast is good, staff is friendly and helpful.	
Nov 24 2009 	Bien comunicado		
Jul 22 2009 	Decisamente ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Apr 25 2009 	Accueillant et sympathique		
