	Excellent little hotel in Kensington.	Like a previous reviewer I was recommended The Rockwell by a colleague of mine. I was very pleased with the outcome. The whole place had a 'home form home' feel, which I personally look for, having been let down in larger establishments, where I feel the service can be substandard. Here the service was first rate and the staff friendly. The rooms were very clean and large and the food was great, a first rate experience.	
Nov 15 2009 	LOVELY BOUTIQUE HOTEL	I stay in London frequently but The Rockwell wins hands down. All the staff are most wecoming, the hotel is clean and modern, boutique in style. I was a lady staying on my own and the hotel felt safe and indeed I even made it to the small bar area alone. My room was a mezzamine suite, it was compact but had everything you could need, although tea/coffee in the room would have been a bonus. The bathroom was also clean and modern, no improvements could be made. Even the washrooms downstairs were immaculate. The breakfast selection was superb, the waitress efficient. Overall, I would choose to stay at this hotel again. Excellent!!	
Nov 13 2009 	Accomodating Staff	I was in London for a few days on business and had to meet clients during my stay at The Rockwell. The service was first rate and my needs well met, with free wireless in the hotel, as well as a cable service in the rooms. Breakfast was included in the rate and high quality. The room was also well priced and provided a real sanctuary.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice Ambience	Came to stay in this hotel on a trip to England with my family for a few days in August after a friend, who travels constantly, recommended it to us as having a nice homely feel. Almost everything about it was perfect, except no baths (which could be awkward for very young children). The rooms were very comfortable and stylish, though. The staff were friendly and willing to help.A great base for sightseeing with many museums close by. The food was also good, if you want to eat in one night. Can't recommend it highly enough!	
Oct 28 2009 	Pleasantly Suprised	Travel to London a lot on business and really liked this hotel having sampled more than my fair share of bad ones. The ambience is the really refreshing thing as it has a homely feel to it, which is what I personally look for. The rooms are attractive, although one drawback for some might be that they only have showers but not a problem for me. I was in a higher room grade and can imagine that some of the singles might be smaller. Can't recommend it highly enough if you are bored of the usual balnd experience and it is well located.	
Oct 27 2009 	Lovely time at the rockwell	Excellent little hotel with a stylish look to the place. I was staying there as a treat for our anniversary and must say that everything was flawless. We were shown to a large room at the back of the hotel, which was quiet and comfortable. We booked the half board package and had supper in the restaurant as well as breakfast in the morning, which made it a really good deal. Everyone was very friendly and I would certainly recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in a London hotel	
Oct 26 2009 	Disappointed - bland 'suite' for a botique hotel	Was very disappointed to enter my 'deluxe suite' which had as much character as a Holiday Inn standard room. Expect in Holiday Inn's you get tea&amp;coffee and bisuits at no extra cost. Unlike the Rockwell. Very bland with no character at all. No DVD player or i-pod dock and no bath. Bathroom was as small as they are in Paris-tiny! Its saving grace were the modern chic common areas &amp; the attentive staff. Had ran out of keys so they staff had to let me in and out of my room. No compensation was offered. The breakfast- which is not included in the price is over priced for what you get. The cafes on Earls Court Road do better food &amp; offers. It clearly has more exciting rooms as the website proves but I highly recommend you check that out before paying in advance and at the higher end price scale also as I did. If you want to spend £200+ on a 'design' hotel room in London go elsewhere. I was willing to pay for the 'wow' design factor which this room did not deliver.	
Oct 22 2009 	Rip Off Merchants	Never have I checked out of an establishment so utterly fuming with rage. Like a previous reviewer I was slightly taken aback when asked to pay for my stay upfront on arrival, however it was late and I didn;t want to protest so agreed without comment. We were then told that their key card system was broken and as it was a bank holiday weekend they wouldn't have it fixed until the following tuesday (after our departure) and that for the duration of our stay we would have to ask a member of staff to let us into our room - this is unacceptable for a so called 4 star establishment. However again - we decided not to complain and were brought to our room. After dumping our bags we decided to go to the bar for a drink. This hotel does not have a bar - instead drinks are served in the breakfast room from the buffet lounge, at 11 o clock the bored waitress told us she was closing but that we could bring our drinks up to our room. Grumpy we returned to our room and decided to order room service from their 24hr menu - no answer from the kitchen so we rang reception only to be told that as it was a bank holiday most staff were away for the weekend and the kitchen was closed - the mind boggles. The following day we were going to a wedding and left the hotel just before midday - we returned at around 1am to discover that our room had not been made up - when we asked reception why, again we were told it was a bank holiday etc etc - we then asked that they bring us fresh towels, they brought us up one so we had to call again and ask for more. Upon check out - despite our blatant hostility we were not asked if we had enjoyed our stay or indeed was there something wrong - the staff here are simply abysmal. This hotel is infact a glamorous B&amp;B, its website and advertising is utterly misleading and I would never reccommend anybody to stay here	
Oct 12 2009 	one of the best	The staff was very helpful and friendly. The place is super clean. The location is very good - close to Earl's Court underground train station and shopping on High Street Kensington.Well done !	
Sep 25 2009 	Lovely breakfast and back jard	I have stayed at this hotel one's before and find it nice. The bar closes at 23.00 which is kind of early. Make sure to check in early to get a good room, otherwise you risk getting a ground floor room, although they are nice when facing back jard. The room lock did not work properly, but this was a minor issue.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very sad to see this hotel in such a steep decline	I've stayed in this hotel maybe 20 times in the past three years and have always come back because the service was excellent, the rooms were nice and the location was convenient to my office. While there were aspects of the hotel that I did not like, but overall my experiences were good and this had been my hotel of choice in London. On my most recent visit of three nights, I was very disappointed to see that most of the staff I knew had left and that the level of service at the hotel had fallen into a serious decline. The poor service combined with the aging infrastructure were enough to convince me to find a new place to stay in London. The specifics: - When I arrived, I was told that the hotel now required payment in advance. I replied that I was unaccustomed to paying in advance for my accommodation and that if this were the policy, I would need to speak to the manager. I heard no more about this, and checked with my credit card company. Indeed, they had tried to charge me in advance for the entire stay. I find this offensive not just because this is a practice befitting the kind of place that charges by the hour, but also because it's simply unacceptable to not inform guests of such a policy and let them decide in advance whether to accept it or look elsewhere. - The front desk person asked me to fill out all of my personal details again (home address, passport number etc.). I would think that being a small hotel would do their best to use guest loyalty to their advantage, but I was apparently wrong. They preferred to treat me anonymously, even though I'd stayed at the hotel 4 times since January of this year. - When I asked for a luggage rack (usually in the room, but missing from mine), I was informed that the hotel didn't have them in any of the rooms and had never had such things. I found the front desk person's strident response a bit surprising. When someone from housekeeping overheard, she simply brought me the luggage rack. Rather than making up stories about the hotel, wouldn't it be easier to just ask someone? - I ordered food in the restaurant after returning late from work on two occasions. On both occasions, the service was friendly, but the food was frankly disgusting. A simple sandwich - served on stale bread that managed to be soggy in the space of less than 10 minutes. - A continental breakfast was included, as I had booked a package. By the time I got to the dining room, the only options were coco-pops. The fruit, bread, juice and whatever else had been set out for breakfast had run out, and guests were left standing around staring at a nearly-empty buffet. There were no staff in the dining room, and when one person appeared, she did not appear concerned that the hotel's breakfast had simply run out. - The internet is free (thankfully) and had been reliable on other occasions. On this visit, the wireless was not working, obliging me to work at the desk with a cable. Even this service was spotty - on three occasions it went out and left me waiting to send and receive simple emails. Other small details that I was willing to overlook on prior visits no longer seemed such small details. The television only provides four or five channels, all others require payment. The televisions themselves, purchased when flatscreens were relatively new, are now dated and tiny. The showers are in fact tiny. When I went to check out, my bill included things that should have been covered by the package. At that point, I was simply too tired to negotiate with the hotel staff, and I asked to have the manager call me in my room. After twenty minutes, I was informed by the front desk person (who was really trying, but simply didn't know what she was doing) that the manager was on vacation and wouldn't be back for another week. Exasperated, I canceled my reservation for my return to London the next week. The Rockwell had been my hotel of choice for three years, but after 3 days of pointlessly bad service, bad food and annoying infrastructure, I'd given up. I wish they'd bring back their experienced staff and start paying attention to details. I won't come back until they do.	
Jul 27 2009 	EXCELLENT.....BUT!!!	This is a top class hotel with excellent service and food....main problem is price of breakfast...booking did not state inclusive breakfast was continental only.....fa cooked breakfast is£12.50....hotel will not deduct the £9.50 continental price but charges the full £12.50......could add significantly to bill...Did eat in restaurant in the evening and meal was of a high standard......to be recommended!Rooms were nice but a bed on a mezzanine could be a problem for older guests..also cannot watch TV in bed as TV is in very small lounge area...other couple in party had cheaper basemant room...it was large and comfy. Overall a high quality hotel.....just needs to be fairer with breakfast prices.......	
Jul 22 2009 	Comfortable hotel just around the corner from Earl's Court	I stayed in the Rockwell for four nights during the June heatwave. With its highly effective air conditioning system and al fresco breakfasts, it was the ideal hotel in which to acclimatise to the hot weather. There's a choice of either continental or English breakfast and the food is simple and tasty. There's a walled garden/patio area and I relaxed there most mornings, reading the papers and enjoying a leisurely breakfast.The bedroom was London-sized. But the bed was very comfortable, and - though not of the King-sized variety - it was broad enough to absorb my more than ample frame in diagonal sleep mode. I booked this hotel because it was available as a Tablet Hotel offer for £125 a night, which I thought was good value for a boutique hotel. It certaintly represented much better value that the £110 charged by Premier Inn for a night in their St Pancras/York Way auberge.Earl's Court is the nearest tube station the hotel, a walk of about six minutes away. If you're of a budgetary frame of mind during the current recession, this is handy because there is a direct tube line from there out to Heathrow. Not everyone likes Earl's Court. But I was much taken by the wide variety of different exotic restaurants there, and the scent of some delicious curry dishes wafting temptingly on the night air.I wasn't sure whether to award this establishment four or five stars. But, for £125 a night, I think it represents good London value for the money and - in my opinion - this hotel just shades a rating of five stars.	
Jul 6 2009 	Relaxed Boutique Hotel in Earl's Court	My partner and I were only at the Rockwell for an overnight stay while at Wimbledon but would definitely stay there again. 5 minutes from the tube station, the hotel is chic yet warm and welcoming. The service was excellent - we were taken to our room by the porter and just generally looked after. The room was a good size and had everything one could need - flatscreen tv, good sized fridge / mini bar, power shower, extra pillows, ironing facilities - you get the picture. Our bedroom overlooked the decked area in the garden which looked like a lovely area for breakfast (so long as it's not raining!).	
Jun 21 2009 	Convenient pleasant hotel would stay again	We stayed for 1 night after a 24 hour journey from Australia. Our room (201) was very pleasant - decent size, good storage, and a view of the garden courtyard. The shower was great (especially after a long journey) with nice toiletries from the White Company. The hotel was conveniently located to the Earl's Court tube station, and plenty of restaurants just around the corner. Overall, a good affordable option in London for those of us travelling on weaker currencies. We would stay again.Unlike other posters we had no problems with the polite, helpful staff who went out of their way to help us with internet access (free wifi to all rooms).	
Jun 15 2009 	Good value for London but a lot of small problems	I booked The Rockwell online with a special 3 nights for the price of 2, including breakfast. Upon arrival at the hotel after a long flight from San Francisco, I was told that the room would not be ready until 2PM. Fair enough; I had asked for early check-in but obviously couldn't demand it. We waited in the comfortable lobby and were served tea, which was very nice. I was very surprised when I saw our room, however, as it stated clearly on the website that the room had a king bed. Imagine my surprise to see what we would call a double bed in the U.S., or what my English friends call a 4'6&quot; bed. This isn't even a queen bed, and my daughter and I are both 5'8&quot; tall. The receptionist said &quot;oh, all of our beds are that size!&quot;. I pointed out what the website said, but she just shrugged. The room itself was well-equipped with TV, mini-fridge, black-out curtains ( our room was completely quiet as it overlooks the tranquil garden cafe), and a decent if tiny bathroom. We just settled in for a nap to combat our jet-lag fatigue, when the door to the room BURST open and in FLEW our Polish doorman! I shrieked in horror as the hapless soul stammered his apology and backed out of the room. I do not understand why he did this as just 2 hours earlier he had delivered us to the room himself. When I called the receptionist, she was apologetic and said that the doorman was new. Even so, I was quite shaken by this incident, and stunned that this fellow hadn't thought to knock before using the magnetic passkey to enter our room! The next morning, I was awakened about an hour before I wanted to by a knock on the door and the voice of the same Polish doorman announcing he had my morning paper! I groggily told him to drop the paper outside the door, but by then I was really mad. The management of this hotel hides behind the various Indian women receptionists that were on duty during our stay, and never once did I see the manager. It's really inexcuseable to have a new employee so poorly-trained that he doesn't know just to drop a guest's morning paper on the floor outside the room without disturbing their sleep! Breakfast at the Rockwell is a buffet, and is served either in the nice courtyard or in the airy small dining room. After the first breakfast, I went to confirm with the girl on duty that the breakfast was included in the price of the room, as had been stated in my email confirmation. However, when I tried to check out on my last evening, the night clerk claimed that breakfast was NOT included! I showed her the email I had received, and she insisted that my reservation didn't include the meals, even though it plainly showed this on the email! Unfortunately, I didn't have a print-out of the confirmation, but thought that my showing her this email on my BlackBerry would be sufficient proof. She said I had to forward her the email or else she would get in trouble. I told her that her Saturday colleague had confirmed this with me, but she continued to argue with me! By this point, I was really upset and had to walk away. I finally settled the matter with her, but the whole incident left a bad impression overall with the way the hotel is run. Given the hotel's general good location (5 minutes walk on a pleasant back street to Earl's Court tube station), quiet ambience and good value for London, I might recommend this hotel, but I strongly urge the management to step up their training and review their email confirmation practices.	
May 25 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights whilst visiting London. Would definetly stay again. Great location, close to Earls Court Tube, good bus service and walking distance to museums. The staff were very helpful. The hotel was very clean and quiet. With a nice garden terrace. Would highly recommend to those who are after a small boutique hotel.	
May 13 2009 	Wish I were still there.	My husband and I stayed here for a week in early May '09 upon recommendation of a friend in the hotel industry who is also a former Londoner. The Rockwell is perfectly situated in its South Kensington location. The tube is only block and a half away (meaning one can easily avoid the outrageous 60 pound cab fare from Heathrow to the hotel); casual restaurants, groceries, pharmacists and pubs abound; and many choice siteseeing opportunities are within walking distance. Despite vague warnings I'd seen online about Cromwell St being dodgy due to supposed 'flop houses' in the area, we found nothing of the sort and always felt safe.  The decor is understated-modern-contemporary, and although our room showed a bit of wear and was in need of a paint job (particularly in the bathroom) it was still lovely and comfortable and clean. Expansively high ceilings helped alleviate the smallish size of the room and the massive windows offered much light and a peek down at the outside &quot;garden&quot; sitting area. The one annoyance: we're tall people and were a tad cramped in the bathroom's stand-up shower stall and had to avoid throwing elbows for fear of smashing glass. Nice amenities though: a towel warmer for the fluffy white towels; toiletries; and, happily, a window that opened. Not sure if it was due to our room's location on the back of the building but it was always dead quiet at any time of day. For those inclined to pay, there was also a fully stocked mini bar with crisps, biscuits, wine, champagne, water, etc. Tiny little flat screen TV to watch if you want to waste time in your room. Every member of staff whom we dealt with was friendly and helpful. We arrived at the hotel prior to the 2pm check in and they whisked off our luggage for storage and immediately seated us comfortably in the garden with a complimentary capuccino. We grew very fond of Magda who worked in the bar and dining area, and she gave us a few good tips for dining and places to visit. The outdoor garden area provided a perfect place to start off an evening with an aperitif, or finish one with a nightcap under the stars. We were additionally delighted to discover that the ample continental breakfast we'd enjoyed every morning was included in the price of the room, which we'd somehow managed to miss. I'll return. In fact, I wish I was there now.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value	I only stayed one night, but wish I had stayed longer to be able to enjoy this hotel. First rate service - friendly, professional and efficient - good-sized room very comfortable and well appointed - close enough to the center to be convenient (buses outside and short walk to the tube) - and a great price. I will definitely be back and recommending to my friends!	
Apr 16 2009 	Good choice	Stayed at the Rockwell this year after reading reviews in Tripadvisor. I can only say this was a very good choice. Rooms are very clean and well decorated, cosy athmosphere, great location, good service. The staff is friendly and very helpfull especially the charming young woman named Rita. She welcomed us upon arrival and helped us a lot with directions, reservations and suggestions! Top service. Thank you Miss Rita.	
Mar 11 2009 	Sophisticated look friendly atmosphere	Very well located, rooms are wide and full of light, very clean, with sophisticated look. Large new bathroom with shower (perhaps a little too small for a fully built person like my husband) really nice and well equipped with a real hair dryer (!!)We had wonderful continental breakfasts but also a wide selection of English traditional breakfast dishes is available. All organic food including homemade bread. All staff so nice and friendly we felt at home.	
Jan 25 2009 	Modern hotel at a reasonable price	The design of the hotel is stylish and modern. I stayed here for 2 nights in a single room. The room was small but had nice oak furnishings. The bathroom was also very sylish although cramped. I stayed on the 4th floor at the back of the hotel...away from busy Cromwell road. The window was cold and drafty, but I was able to regulate the heater very well, so it really wasn't a big issue. The hotel staff was friendly and accomodating. The bellman, Joseph, brought me up a cable so I could connect my PC to the Internet (broadband connection was free of charge) -- apparently the wireless connection was down at the time. I ordered room service one evening, and there was no extra service charge. Continental breakfast was ok. I would most likely stay here again since I thought it was great value for money, and conveniently close to public transportation.	
Dec 28 2008	Nice hotel good location	I've stayed at this hotel twice, once for business and once for pleasure. It's a nice little hotel with generally helpful staff, a nice lobby and a pleasant restaurant. It's quite close to the Earls Court Underground station, making it convenient to get into town and out to Heathrow. It's a good value for London; I'd go back.	
Nov 14 2008 	fresh	Clean little hotel, opposite the Cromwell Hospital. I wouldn't describe this as cool and boutique, its not sophisticated enough for that, its fresh and modern, kind of zesty. All staff perfectly friendly and helpful. Very good breakfast coffee, nice garden terrace. Pick a terrace room, lower ground floor. Free Internet, which was great... Please don't think you can combine a stay here with your car, its too inconvenient due to traffic restrictions, I parked a mile or so away. Shower in my room at least, was impossibly small. No tea or coffee in the room. I'd stay here again.	
Oct 13 2008 	What a beautiful and friendly place !	I spent the last week end at the Rockwell. When I booked my room on the website, I was really seduce by the design and the friendly atmosphère . But when I read the advice here, I started to be a little bit disturbed by all the critics.Fortunately, I was right to follow my intuition.Everything in this hotel is enjoyable. Nice place, nice furniture and nice team. All the week-end the whole staff was very charming and concerned by our global comfort. Always a nice word, a smile, an helpful advice...If you're looking for a quiet and friendly place in London, in a charming area and a very human approach, don't hesitate a while, The Rockwell hotel is a best place to stay !	
Aug 25 2008 	Nothing beyond the ordinary	I stayed at the Rockwell twice in July (I had booked both stays beforehand) and doubt that I will ever return again. While the property was clean, the bill was accurate, and the food was decent, the service left a great deal to be desired.However, like other reviewers, I have to say that The Rockwell does have one stunning staff member--the bellboy, who was friendly, pleasant, and extremely helpful, even tracking down a suit which an alterations shop I went to had mis-delivered to the wrong hotel.I arrived at the hotel for my first stay, in the mezzanine suite, at noon--two hours before the check-in time listed. While I understand that I was not guaranteed a room until that time, I was surprised when the check-in clerk said &quot;It is not yet two, which is your guaranteed check-in time--we can not check you in until then.&quot; Particularly when I'm staying in one of only two suites, I would have expected &quot;The last occupant hasn't checked out yet, so I'm afraid it won't be until the official check-in time of two that we'll be able to take you to your room.&quot;Anticipating that I would actually be arriving even earlier in the day, at the time of booking I had selected the online option of having a three-course brunch. This was advertised &quot;Arriving before Check-in Time? Why not book a table in our restaurant for a three course Brunch, while we prepare your room?&quot;On arrival, I was told that brunch was not ready, because the staff was confused on whether I would have two guests, since there was a three-course brunch. If this was not bizarre enough, they couldn't serve my pre-paid brunch until the restaurant opened for lunch half an hour later. This was not the right way to start off the experience of a newly-arrived guest.My room was a split-level--bedroom upstairs of a small staircase (hint--the minibar is hidden under the stairs), with the bathroom and sitting area downstairs. The room was advertised as having a balcony (something I try to get so that I can use the balcony to smoke), but the window to it was designed to only open two or three inches, which knocked out that option.The location is good, the prices are not unreasonable for London, and I had no complaints about the cleanliness of the property, but the service (excepting the bellboy) has a very long way to go.	
Jul 15 2008 	A shock at 185 pounds a night	We might be Americans--and we sure hope that doesn't color our review--but we'd expect much more of a $360 a night &quot;luxury boutique&quot; property than this. We usually stay at the Royal Garden or St. Martin's Lane in this price range but they were sold out for the Farnborough Air Show.First, the staff--all of whom are new to the area--seemed very reluctant to part with anything. First, they tried to refuse our credit card on check in, saying Diners Club (since 2006 absorbed into Master Card) was not accepted. When we asked for more soap, we were told, &quot;you know, there's a soap in the bathroom area; why can't you use it in the shower as well (more about that later)?&quot; When we asked for more towels, we were told &quot;you know, we don't display all the towels--have you determined you have all we've put in there?&quot; Finally, we asked for a missing corkscrew. &quot;Well, haven't you looked on top of the minibar? [Yes] &quot;Have you looked everywhere else?&quot; [Yes]. Finally, it was delivered with this admonition: &quot;We had to take this from an unoccupied room. You gave us a wrong room number.&quot; &quot;No, I didn't.&quot; I replied. &quot;Yes, you did,&quot; came the answer. Every transaction went like this. We were made to provide a deposit for a second room key. We asked for a map of the local area. They gave us an Earl's Court tube station map and said they had nothing else. I asked for help choosing between coach and train transportation to Oxford; the staff couldn't help--because, they admitted, they didn't know where Oxford was--nor Park Lane, the coach pickup location.The accommodation was pretty poor for a three star property. The shower door had been broken; rather than being repaired, this was replaced with a cheap curtain that let water run onto the floor. There was a fire door in the room that kept the bed from being accessed from one side. Our room, the only one (we were told) that accommodated three people, was on the lower ground level--basically, the basement. The overall look and appointment tf the rooms was of a mid level business hotel--not remarkable; we could have stayed at the Marriott down the street and gotten Marriott points. There was no desk lamp or clock.There were some plusses. I hope hope he doesn't remain anonymous, but our bellman Gabriel, who works from 3-11PM, was great; not only did he give us clear and concise local directions, he offered to walk us to our destinations. The garden cafe staff was terrific; we hosted a small drinks party one evening and all our guests were directed to us and we got all our messages from the day. I was allowed to use the hotel conference room for a call I needed to make.We know that the dollar's crap, but we aren't. So net/net this is a 185GBP property. As our long European holiday unfolds, we hope this is an aberration and not a harbinger of what we can expect as we move onto the continent. Sorry to report an negative.	
Jul 1 2008 	Disappointing	I booked this hotel the same day because of a recommendation from Frommers. I'm sorry, but this hotel is just plain not competitive versus other hotels in London. For 160 pounds and the description in the travel guide I was expecting luxury. I was very disappointed. The staff is young and very inexperienced. The rooms are very small, of poor condition, furnished with ikea quality furnishings (felt much like accomodations for a university student). I went through a bit of a hassle but was able to reverse the reservation without penalty (good thing). The Soho hotel was available for 90 pounds additional and met/exceeded my 5 star expectations.	
Jun 30 2008 	Satisfactory	We stayed at The Rockwell for two nights last weekend. The room wasn't ready when we arrived so we went into the patio area for a drink. Staff were smoking outside. They did leave when we turned up but left their coffee cups and ashtrays!We ordered two drinks and they took about 20 minutes to come even though there was nobody else in the bar area or the restaurant! We didn't eat in the hotel because of previous reviews. The room we had was a suit. It was ok. Small, but we knew this from the reviews, but it was getting tired. Scuff marks on the walls, stained curtains etc. The hotel was quiet all weekend. Only saw one other family all weekend! We slept very well. It was quiet at night. We didn't sample breakfast, preffered to go out and find a local cafe. Check out was quick and accurate. Staff were generally friendly. I would not stay here again. It was perfect for our weekend, because we knew we would not be in the room for long. We stayed at The Zetter last year and that was much nicer, but more expensive and the wrong side of town for us this year. The Rockwell is a beautiful building with lots of potential, but i felt no one really cared!	
Jun 17 2008	Nice enough reasonable value good service	Booked a night here as a stop over returning from a luxury riad in Marrakech. Found the staff helpful and even fairly enthusiastic and the location ideal, only 2 mins from Earls Court tube. There was a small delay at check in because their system was unable to process a maestro debit card, (but I could use it to pay with no problems)Room service works well, the food was nice if not particularly spectacular, which is the also the description I would use for the room. This place is a member of design hotels. I found the design to be a bit tame, without being naff. All nice and neat and clean, but nothing interesting. All in all my wife and I enjoyed our stay, but for a similar price there are more exciting places in London if you are prepared to be a bit more adventurous.The TV system was my only real gripe, I found this to be a total waste of time, and instead of having a hard drive for the movies, there are a small number of looping channels showing a limited selection of rather dull films. There was a problem with the WiFi (apparently it is only a problem with Macs, something to do with security settings, but I don't like to fiddle around) but the hotel loaned us their laptop which worked fine.All in all I would say that this place is ideal as a base for sightseeing or shopping.	
May 24 2008 	Service - embarrassing	The hotel location was good. The hotel itself was clean and of reasonable decor.However the service was poor. The orders at breakfast were on both days misunderstood. The tables were not fully laid e.g. cutlery missing and coffee brought without milk.Recommend you do not order off the menu.The biggest disappointment came at checkout. We had already paid for the room on booking (via a well known website).Whilst our card had been taken for preauthorisation at checkin - obviously for extras we were surprised to have had the full amount put to one side and then to be handed a bill for the full quota again. Still mistakes happen. However we had to prove we had already paid! The confirmation from the booking site was not sufficient and we had to get the bank on the phone to confirm payment!No apology and no attempt to rectify the situation. This was carried out in the reception in front of other guests!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed overnight whilst my husband went to a conference. Great little hotel, staff were very friendly and helpful. We had some confusion over our breakfast and this was sorted out quickly and efficiently. It is very easy to get around Ken High Street is a 5-10 minute walk. I would definately stay again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Relax at the Rockwell	I stayed Two nights at the Rockwell over the Easter Holiday and found the hotel to be wonderful. The short walk from the Earls Court tube makes getting top the London hot spots quite easy, the facllity is great the lobby, restaurant and patio common areas could not be nicer. My room was small but well appointed-quiet.But, the best thing about the hotel is the staff. This hotel is perfect for people who appreciate design, quality and good service	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent Moden London Hotel	What an excellent stay! This hotel is located in Earls Court right on the A4 as you head into London from the West. The location is excellent - loads of good restaurants and bars are a short walk away.The hotel common areas are stunning. A beautiful mix of understated, modern furniture and wood finishes. Check-in was polite and informative with the bell boy very eager to assist with bags. The same guy took me to my room and explained the 'features'. I was upgraded to an excellent mezzanine suite - the bed was up top and a living area / bathroom down below. See the photos - even though it was tight, it was big by London standards and I loved it.The internet access is free which is a plus. You also get free membership to an ENORMOUS David Lloyd gym just down the road next to Sainsbury's...saving 15 pounds a day on gym fees. I didn't try the bar / restaurant but they looked great.I don't think I've ever stayed in such a modern and relaxing hotel in London. I would come back again for sure.	
Feb 18 2008 	OK - Could do better	For the past 3 years we have visited London without the children and have stayed at the fabulous Charlotte Street hotel. However, this time we decided on a change ( and to try and save a few pennies) and chose The Rockwell after seeing reviews in the paper and on here. All I can say is you get what you pay for! The Rockwell is a very attractlively decorated hotel in a good location however in our opinion several things let it down . Firstly, when I rang up from a side street asking about parking the receptionists phone manner got me irritated before we had even arrived,. We finally parked and trudged 10 minutes up the Cromwell Road with our heavy bags (Charlotte Street Hotel valet parks!) and arrived at 1.40 pm. Then we found that our booking had been messed up, they thought we were having 2 rooms for 2 nights. We were then told that hotel policy was that you couldn't get into the room until 2pm. Really? Is there still someone in there cleaning? Does 20 minutes make that much difference? We found this very annoying. It seemed more to do with 'policy' than the fact that the room wasn't ready! The room was nice but the shower far too small for this quality of hotel. However, the room was lovely and quiet and we did have a good nights sleep. Breakfast was great - very good value. However overall, we thought the staff let the side down - the guests seemed to be an inconvenience! We will pay the extra next time and go back to the Charlotte Street Hotel for our 'special' weekend!	
Jan 11 2008 	Excellent service.	My wife and i met friends in London for the weekend and spent Friday &amp; Saturday night here. We had a superior room which was lovely &amp; spacious, clean and fresh. The bathroom was ok but the shower head was fixed at 7ft and the cubicle was on the small side for this day and age. The staff were very friendly and obliging both at reception and in the bar. Breakfast was £12.50 but it was one of the best I have ever had, one of the only drawbacks was there was no hospitality tray in the bedroom.Within 10 mins stroll of tube station.All in all enjoyed our stay but at £180 a night, breakfast should really be included.	
Oct 26 2007 	Modern Boutique Hotel	The Rockwell is a converted townhouse about a five minute walk from the Earls Court tube stop. Plenty of trendy, mostly chain restaurants nearby, as well as a quick stop food shop and a full grocery store. My single room was tiny but felt much bigger due to the high ceiling and huge window. Everything in the room was well-designed and put together, and the evening turn-down service was nice. The particular room I had faced the inner garden area (so no street noise) but was adjacent the elevator, which resulted in extra rumblings through the wall. The staff were polite but aloof. Good value for London and the location was good for getting back and forth to the airport (LHR) quickly and easily. Would definitely return (but will spring for a bigger room away from the elevator!).	
Jul 14 2007 	Rockwell delivers service with style	My partner and I stayed for a full week at the Rockwell. I booked the hotel based on the reviews I read here. In January, I reserved our room directly through the hotel's easy to use website and specifically requested one of their lower garden rooms: three rooms in the back of the hotel have their own, private verandas complete with furniture...a great place to have breakfast in the morning, take in some fresh air in the afternoon, or have a quiet drink in the evening. Needless to say, we were thrilled when we arrived at the hotel and found that my request for the garden room with veranda was fulfilled. It made all the difference! If you can book rooms LG1, LG2, or LG3, you won't be sorry.The bed was extremely comfortable. I slept very well. The pillows were great as well. The best thing, though, were the towels and robes that we had in the bathroom. There's no tub, but that doesn't really detract. The shower is fantastic, great pressure (though it does take a while for the hot water to kick in) and the bath products are nice. The towels, though, were almost decadent.We found the service exceptional. There were a few blips here and there, such as the maid ignoring the Do Not Disturb sign on occasion, and the inexplicable yet overwhelming smell of sour/cooked ham that permeated throughout the downstairs for a few nights running, but that's just nitpicking really. The room we had was simple, comfortable, and had a lot of natural light, despite being a basement room. I can't speak to the size of the other rooms. I can imagine that some of the singles on the top floors might be significantly smaller.The front desk personnel were always superb. Requests are attended to immediately. My partner and I would come in every night after a long day of sightseeing and request ice...it would be delivered in minutes. We never had an instance where the staff did not do their utmost to accomodate a request or answer a tourist related query. The restaurant is quite small, but worth a try. We ate there on our first and last nights. The food is simple, tasty, and reasonably priced. The restaurant wait staff is extremely dedicated. On our first night in the hotel, we were their only patrons, so the service was, as you would imagine, first rate.There was little if anything we could think of to complain about with the Rockwell. We enjoyed the hotel, its location to Earl's Court tube station, and the neighborhood in which it's located. I think that, the longer the Rockwell is open, the more focused and finessed the service will become. But in the year they've been open, they've done quite well. When we're in London in future, we will definitely want to stay at the Rockwell.	
Jul 12 2007 	Good for London.	I thought my room at the Rockwell was very small. The bathroom glass shower screen was broken and had been replaced with a plastic shower sheet. The door key wasn't working and I had to be let in by the front of house staff. I thought the rate should have been reduced for these reasons and I should not have had to ask for this. However, the hotel is in a good location, the rooms are very well decorated and the public areas are excellent. For a London hotel of this calibre, the rate was good. If you're staying here, get the tube direct from Heathrow and get out at Earl's Court. It's a 10 minute walk. However, if you have heavy luggage you should catch a cab.	
Jul 8 2007	Great service great location nice finishes	Having read the reviews and wanting somewhere to stay when we went to London to see the Tour de France kick off, I booked this hotel. What a great hotel - the location was ideal, we walked everywhere once we'd ditched our bags with them - and only five mins stroll from the tube anyway. We thought the customer service was great. We arrived and left late and leaving our bags was no problem. On arrival we asked if it was possible to have a room at the back so we could open windows without the road noise and they jigged the rooms about so we could.The room wasn't huge but for central London and the price it was good and everything you needed was there. The decor was nice - contemporary but not soul-less. We especially liked the reception area with the books, mags and games and what a difference stepping in off the busy road is like stepping into a little oasis of quiet. I will definitely come back if I need a hotel in London again.	
Jun 25 2007	Appalling service; rude despicable attitude. Avoid!	Although the hotel and its decor is indeed good, the service and attitude I received on a recent visit was so appalling that I left shortly after checking in. Completely unprofessional and leaving one with a distinct impression that customer service is well below the management's self importance. Avoid at all costs!	
Jun 15 2007 	Great Experience	Stayed at the Rockwell over Christmas holidays. Reserved two rooms - one with the split-level and one small single. While the single was ridiculously small, it was well-designed and very nice overall. With the noted previously exception of the placement of the TV - making it virtually unusable. The larger room was excellent - grand windows, great design, bright and beautiful. The hotel was virtually deserted - but the service was amazing - from arranging transportation to making last-minute theatre reservations. The restaurant was also quite good, although perfectly empty every time we went in there. It was a little odd, but as my mother put it - like having a personal chef just for our family. I would definitely stay again.	
Nov 19 2006 	Good but some comments	I booked this hotel based on the great reviews and although I agree in general, would like to add some practical comments. The hotel is nice and the design deceptively cool for the area. The location is of course great - a block from the Earl's Court subway station. The rooms are very small though. I booked a superior single room and hardly had room to put down my suitcase. The bathroom is even smaller and all rooms only have a shower (no baths), which for the price is a negative. Another negative in my room was the vertical placement of the - flat screen - TV on the wall, which made it pretty much impossible to watch laying on the bed, which really is the only place in the tiny room. The channel selection is limited to only the UK and pay-per-view movies.The walls of my room were paper thin, but that may have been because I was on the outside, connecting with the dumply lodging house next door. The internet in my room worked fine (cable). The wifi in the lobby did not work. Everybody was indeed very friendly and overal this is a good place to stay, if the above is acceptable.	
Oct 29 2006 	Quiet Comfortable and Convenient	We needed a hotel close to West London as we were celebrating our 38th wedding anniversay at the River Cafe (that's excellent too!)We were a bit dubious when we saw the position of the hotel on the busy A4 out of London, but once inside all our fears evaporated. Everything was excellent. Our room was at the back, comfortable and very quiet.One point to note, is that if you get there late, you can park in the road directly outside the hotel.	
Sep 28 2006	Nice experience at the Rockwell	Very nice and cozy hotel close to Earls Court Tube Staion so getting around is easy.My room was very small but clean and nice with a window on the ceiling to see the sky (which was blue. In London! Would you believe that?).I'd definitely recomend this hotel. Staff is friendly and helpful. Nice experience.	
Jun 28 2006	Great boutique hotel - but mind the room type!	I ended up here by accident - my usual hotel mis-managed my booking and they sent me over in the belief that a recently opened hotel would have rooms. They were right and I went from being a disgruntled hotel orphan to being a happy customer. The hotel is a small operation - if you need things like conference facilities, business centers or fitness centers, it won't really work for you. That said, I did get the front desk staff to print my boarding pass after checking in online - which was quite nice of them. They also helped me get cabs, print documents and find restaurants - so I may eat my words about how this hotel suits business travelers. They have different room types and it's worth asking in detail about them. I have stayed here twice - once in a standard mezanine suite and once in a superior mezanine suite. The superior suite was far better than the standard. The superior version is much more spacious, with a seating area on the mezanine and a sleeping area below; the quadruple glazing (on my street-facing room) ensured that the room was quiet at all hours. The room, bed, sheets, towels were all quite nice and comfortable. The bath is not exactly luxurious but is fine; not much room in the shower though. The ammenities are quite nice and of superior quality. What really distinguishes this hotel from its competition is the service. I was greeted by name and helped by people who wanted to know what my needs were - not just what my booking confirmation said. They arranged airport pick-up with friendly drivers who knew what they were doing (this is rare in my experience in London). They made sure that my laptop was connected to the internet and that I had a taxi to get to my meetings. This was a big bonus since I was traveling at peak tourist season when business travelers often get squeezed out by tourist groups. The bar and restaurant are a nice surprise. I was a bit skeptical but the food is actually very good - the bartender makes a fantastic bloody mary and the nuts/olives that they serve are very nice. There is a garden where you can read the paper while you have a drink (or at least where I did these things). The hotel is having some growing pains - especially noticeable if you're a business traveller. The Internet thing is a bit of a problem - you have to connect via the TV and it's a pain - but once you learn you're ok. But I would definitely stay here again - and look forward to the transfer from Heathrow to the hotel, to the friendly reception staff, to the nice bellhop who explained the quirky internet thing and to the mini-bar stocked with things that were actually nice to eat (not just junk!!!). And I would definitely look forward to a recommendation for a place to eat (if not in the hotel) from the manager, who is pretty good at suggesting sushi places in the neighborhood. If the hotel management could be prodded into making arrangements with nearby health clubs, I'd be a fan club organizer. It's a long review - but I hope it's thorough enough for you to make a decision. If the location suits - give it a try!	
Jun 27 2006	Absolutely superb!!	An oasis of calm, beauty and friendliness in London. A truly 5 star experience and everything from the room to the food and especially the service made this hotel incredible value for money. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough!!	
Jun 19 2006 	Loved the hotel!	I would highly recommend the Rockwell!It is situated down a side street across from Earl's Court tube station and so is convenient to reach. Its staff are pleasant, helpful and professional in their approach. The decor is modern and attractive. My room was spotlessly clean. I got a good rate which made my stay much cheaper than similar stays in comparable boutique hotels. I would certainly stay again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Hôtel sympa un peu excentré		
Nov 11 2009	Design kann täuschen		
Sep 18 2009 	Wonderful Hotel		
Jul 18 2009 	Angenehm und empfehlenswert		
Dec 9 2008 	Ein eigenartiges Hotel		
Jun 30 2008 	The Rockwell: La opción atractiva en Londres		
Feb 17 2007 	Recommandable et recommandé		
