	Avoid roomservice food	Decent rooms. However do avoid room service. It was sent cold with stale bread.	
Oct 1 2009 	Wonderful retreat in the middle of it all	The Windmill is located on Clapham Common, adjacent to a pub. Clapham is a wonderful residential area of southwest London. It is easily accessible by tube and bus and is chock-a-block full of young families with kids, dogs, soccer players, bike riders etc. There are many good restaurants, shops, pubs etc. Our room, a premium one, was extrarodinarily large and beautifully decorated in a clean, modern style. The breakfast, included, was nice with great pastries and full-cooked was an option. The common is huge and a great place to take a walk and enjoy the London that those who live there are fortunate to have. A bargain at around 150 BPS.	
Sep 27 2009 	This hotel is in a great spot very nice rooms a great atmosphere in the bar and yet the rooms are surprisingly quiet	I have now stayed in this hotel on two seperate occassions. The staff are very friendly, the food is very good and the locations is great,especially in the summer months when there are lots of things happening on the common. The breakfasts are excellent and I will definetly stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Would not stay here again	I traveled to London with an American friend. For both, first trip to the U.K. Once we found our way to Clapham Common from Heathrow (first to Paddington Station, then via Tube to Clapham), we were tired from a redeye flight. We stayed in a premium room, more expensive than the standard room. Beds were comfortable, though I prefer a firmer mattress. The room was large enough, with decent wicker furniture, TV, coffeemaker, fridge. Very small closet (inadequate for two sets of clothing). Bathroom had no ventilation; when showering, the mirrors steamed up, so opening up a window was necessary (and it gets chilly in London!). Pub restaurant served tasty complimentary breakfast for guests and decent pub fare for dinner. Negatives: housekeeping did not provide new bath towels unless you requested them. Front desk staff was not knowledgable about London attractions (seems as if most of them just started working there). No quiet common areas for guests to sit outside of one's room, other than the pub itself. And, no wash cloths, and only one tiny bar of soap for the entire week! (We bought our own soap at the nearby Boots drugstore chain). Thankfully, we did not spend much time at the hotel, as there is so much to see and do in London. Overall, a disappointment, given that this was a &quot;premium&quot; room.	
Jul 5 2009 	Loved it!	Stayed there night before London to Brighton Bike Ride - great location for this event. Nice rooms. Staff helpful. Will look forward to staying there again for next year's bike ride	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice hotel for a good price	I stayed here May 29th and 30th for a wedding. I traveled from the U.S. The hotel is a charming Inn with an attached pub. The rooms are quiant and comfortable. It has close access to bus and tube stations. It also is directly next to a large park. The pub can get a little noisy but you can't hear it from your room. Staff was helpful and friendly. If you have an event here on a weekend be prepared to have random people from the pub walking through your event and long ques for the washroom...unless you're lucky enough to also have your room there.	
Dec 24 2008 	A gem of a hotel	This hotel is on Clapham Common and has parking available for hotel guests at no extra charge. Our room was contemporary and had everything we needed (no minibar though). The bathroom was very modern, the bed comfortable and the inclusive breakfast was very good. It is part of a pub but we heard no noise late in the evening. The pub itself is lovely, big leather sofas, loads of seating and a really welcoming bar area.I would use this hotel again without hesitation.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great for much needed R	Travelling on business but combining seeing friends is sometimes tricky, as many hotels in residential areas can be questionable. The Windmill on the Common is not - its a great place.The building itself is a big old brick building, with solid, warmth retaining and sound preventing walls. The rooms (I stayed in a superior) are modern and well appointed, tastefully decorated and impeccably clean and tidy. Bathrooms have slate style floors and mine was spotless - even the corners of the bath were free from tell tale little black mold marks, something rare to see in British hotels.The breakfast was excellent - proper full english, well prepared. The staff were polite, cheerful and helpful throughout. Food in the pub was good - well prepared gastro pub stuff.The location is idle, on the common, a bit away from the road and associated noise. I certainly didn't hear any noise form the pub in the same building (I was midweek). Its great if you want to go for a run in the evening, or any of the other activities on the common (British Miliatry Finess for instance).Overall, this represent excellent value. For £11o or £140, you're getting a top quality stay, and its only 25 mins on the tube to the city.	
Oct 2 2008 	rude staff	i stayed for 2 nights i found that the rooms were great but the food was the worst i ever tasted the staff were rude and the head chef named ian was the worst of all plus the manager was arrogant however i do reccomend the hotel stay clear of the resturant	
Sep 14 2008 	loved the decor	Stayed here as part of a large group for a family wedding.Thought the bar area was lovely - modern/unusual decor. We had a family room which was fine - the bathroom was to a very high standard.We ate an evening meal and a lunch in the hotel - both were good. We had two breakfasts - one was excellent, then the 2nd was shocking - obviously a different chef who just didn't care - we ordered the same things as the previous day and the difference in presentation and effort was huge - sent some of it back.The hotel is just that bit too far to be considered walking distance from the tube, which is a shame as it is a good price for London and has more character than the chain hotels.It is situated right on Clapham Common, which is ideal for walking off all the food!	
Aug 11 2008 	A little pricey but pretty good	Stayed here last night and was favourably impressed. The reception and corridors looked a bit tired and I was fearing the worst but our room, a superior double, was well appointed and stylishly decorated. The bed was large and comfy and the bathroom, while fairly petite, was modern and spotless. Breakfast, which was included in our room rate, was fair if not outstanding. The price for the room was at the high end of reasonable but fair enough given the quality and location but beware of drinking in the bar which is actually just a pub, albeit rather a good one. £16 for a large and a small glass of fairly OK Pouilly Fume isn't unacceptable but £9 for a pint and a single g&amp;t is verging on insulting.	
May 8 2008 	great London value	If you are looking for clean, comfortable , spacious and reasonably priced accommodation in London, The Windmill has got to be on your list. The Windmill is a popular pub on Clapham Common, a wonderful big green space close to Central London. The tube station is 4 minutes walk away, and buses stop close by, or if you have a car, there is a special car park on site. The high street has many good eating places and pubs. Rooms are on 3 floors at the rear of the building, which means noise from the pub is not a problem. Rooms appear newly renovated (we stayed here on 2 occasions in different rooms) and are quite spacious with an armchair and writing desk . Like most hotel rooms in Europe, they are well heated, but if too hot, there is air-conditioning to override it. Breakfast is generous and served in the large conservatory eating area inside the pub. The staff (who seemed to be nearly all Australian) were helpful and if you stay a weekend, you get a special reduced tariff. We loved this hotel!	
Mar 18 2008 	Average and clean but expensive	The Windmill is a long established pub which sits alongside just a few houses in the middle of Clapham common. The position is something of a feature which sits roughly midway between Clapham Common and Clapham South tube stations each of which are around 500m away. I’m guessing that around 15yrs ago, someone had the bright idea of building a three storey extension at the side which is where all the accommodation is located.The rooms are clean, have good bathrooms, TV and tea and coffee etc, with all meals being taken in the pub itself. I only had one breakfast there which was more than adequate although the stale smell of the pub from the night before was noticeable. My thoughts are that the whole set up is in my view little different to a Travel Inn or similar. From my perspective the only difference between the two is the fact that the prices here start at £110 for bed and breakfast and I believe that you can get the same for much less, or something significantly better for only a little more expenditure elsewhere.No real complaints but I feel that this place is only in the region of the £60 - 80 per night bracket and is therefore presently overpriced.	
Sep 13 2007 	just the best	WE stayed here for four nights in September, it was just fantastic and made our stay in London. The room and ensuite were vvery good the bed comfortable and the towels and toiletries changed every day. There is both bar and restaurant food also very good and breakfast either continental or full english is included. The staff were all excellent,cheerful and nothing was to much trouble. It is only five minutes walk from two tube stations and the same from several restaurants and supermarkets. They gave us a late checkout and we could also have left our bags longer.	
May 8 2007 	What a Disappointment	This place was as expected for a 3 star 'Youngs' establishment so no shocks there. We had just got married so we arrived in the early hours and just needed the room for a night as our relatives were in our house. We overslept and arrived at breakfast at 5 past 10 and were told the kitchen was now closed for breakfast. Fair enough, we were 5 minutes late after all, but there was absolutely no allowances made for the married couple. We tried to reason and the only response from the waitress was a flash of her wedding band in a 'So What' manner. Right on cue 2 cooked breakfasts wafted past that had obviously been done at 5 to ten. The excuse being was that they were now getting ready for Lunch (do me a favour - it was five past Ten).Anyway as shocked as I was that they couldn't go the extra distance for the married couple we went to pack and return the mile and a half home. Only to find we couldn't wash because the could tap in room 304 doesn't work and on the way out to put a cherry on top there were 2 chefs enjoying a ciggy break in the waste area. (Clearly rushed off their feet).If you want a classic 'Youngs' approach to hospitality, heres where to find it - Woeful for £100 for 8 hours sleep in a cigarette smelling room with no cold tap in the bathroom.	
Mar 23 2007 	They saved us!	What a weekend!!! We were victims of the fire that disrupted the Eurostar service on March 16 and the hotel (guesthouse) that we had booked was evacuated. So, we were homeless and didn't know the zone at all. Someone recommended us to check out the Windmill Pub on Common.Wow, what a place, I loved the concept...it is a Pub + Restaurant + Hotel and they don't get mixed at all. You have people drinking and listening to semi loud music at the pub but still the people at the restaurant are having a nice meal and you at the hotel can relax without listening to a thing! Nice! True, the price is a bit high (100 pounds) but they have specials and you can get two nights for 160 pounds, not bad at London. Our old place wanted 65 pounds and that was without a private bathroom!The rooms are pretty well decorated though you can tell they are getting old. TV works fine, you get the normal channels, automatic heater/AC and obviously coffee/tea in the room. The bathroom was the part we liked the most.. The tub was huge, I am 5'7 and could almost submerge my whole body. Toiletries were provided. The bed was fine, I particularly liked it compared to other hotels. The only kind of annoyance was that the wooden boards creaked when you walked on them. Breakfast was included in the price and is not your regular corn flakes/muffins breakfast. They will cook eggs, sausage and other traditional English items for breakfast. We would have stayed another night but they were fully booked. Still, Caroline at the front desk was kind enough to phone at least 15 hotels to find us a room for that night. I would recommend this place to anyone who can afford it. It is close to Clapham Junction which takes you into Central London. Clapham is south of London.	
Jun 1 2006 	average and expensive	overpriced for overheated rooms with Eastern European service, but still the best hotel in Clapham you can get.	
