Oct 30 2009 	May Be Less Than You Expect	Almost 40 years ago as a college student we stayed nearly a month at a nearby hotel on Cartwright Gardens, a fine London location, and stayed at a few other adjacent properties since that time. This time we stayed at the Jenkins Hotel because of its recommendations, including Frommers. I have to say while the staff was pleasant, the breakfast fine, and the facilities well-maintained, it was less than I expected (or may less than I need now that I am no longer a college student). Our first assigned room was at the top of the hotel, a long, many story hike up narrow stairs to a bare-bones garret with miniscule bath. We were switched to a main floor room which was much larger but again quite bare-bones. The two biggest drawbacks: a modular bathroom as small or smaller than on a typical cruise ship, along with an annoying odor, and a teeny-weeny breakfast room. As stated, most things were fine, and the location is pleasant, but if you are looking for something more than a college experience, I would suggest you consider alternatives.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great value and Charm!	This hotel was the best value for the money that we could find. It is in a fantastic location near Russell Sq and within walking distance of many sights and also within 2 blocks of a tube station. Yes, the rooms are smaller than most US hotels but this hotel was built in the 20's or 30's, so of course they will be smaller than what you may be used to. We only slept in it and went out morning to night so the size was not an issue. If you want a typical American shower, ask for it. Tthe breakfasts' were great - hot meals of eggs, bacon, beans, toast and/or cereal and fruit. The best part was the friendly service of the great girls who took care of us. It was wonderful to come back from a whole day out wandering the streets of London to have a chat about what we did that day. I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for its location, price and personal service.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Base for Exploring London	We chose the location for its proximity to the British Museum (it was still quite a hike) and the British Library. We were pleased to find it was also close to the Eustace station of the Underground. It was easy to combine underground/bus/walking to get to the places we wanted to see.We found an excellent Indian restaurant (Depa Tandoori) right down a nearby street and an internet facility next door to the restaurant. This made it quick and easy for us to print out our boarding passes on our last day in town. We deliberately chose this room (number 10) from other reviews on this site, so we knew that it would be a hike up to our room. The room was large and comfortable with closet space and shelves for storage. The windows and floor were a little bit crooked, which we considered a tribute to the age of the building.I loved the shower! It was basically a rectangular-shaped tiled room with a shower head at the far end. The toilet was in its own little closet and a large sink was in the bedroom. This configuration was very convenient for two people to negotiate around each other while getting ready in the morning.Breakfast was very good and the service was quick and efficient. My husband and I loved London and we would definitely stay at the Jenkins again if we were lucky enough to go back for a visit.	
Oct 5 2009 	Terrific hotel for stay in London!	My wife and I spent three nights at the Jenkins. We go to London virtually every year and this is far and away our favorite hotel. We will book there every time we go if we can. The rooms are nice and the breakfast is very good. The staff were extraordinarily helpful to us.	
Sep 8 2009 	Dissapointment	My family had stayed here years ago and it has gone downhill. Toilet in room is a disgusting pod style that includes the shower in a 4 by 4 closet. No hot water, toilet doesn't flush. Generally clean but rather gross. Stay at the Cresecent hotel a few doors down for the same price instead. This place is not good.	
May 18 2009 	Great location / Value	This hotel was located in a wonderful location. It is near a major tube station with direct access to all lines. Check out Mabel's Pub around the corner while there. We spent way too much time at that place. The rooms are nice (especially for the price) with all of the expected appointments. We were upgraded to a larger room when we arrived, so some of the others might be quite tiny (as other reviews stated). For the price and location though, you can't beat it. If you are visiting London and need a place to throw your bags, get a good night's sleep, and be able to get anywhere quickly, this place is great. It's not luxurious or large, but who cares? If you are like us, you'll be out late enjoying everything London has to offer!	
May 5 2009	Quite Charming and Clean	I stayed at the Jenkins in April and liked it just fine. The bathroom is not big, but I've seen smaller bathrooms in apartments in the U.S. The place was clean, safe, charming, and a nice breakfast was included as well. The location was fabulous. I definately would stay there again. The big windows were very nice.	
Apr 26 2009 	Small convenient budget	The Jenkins Hotel in London's Bloomsbury district, close to the Russell Square underground station and the British Museum, is exactly as described on its website and by travelers who have posted reviews on Trip Advisor. The price was the only thing charming about the place. The little pre-fab bathrooms installed in the corner of the rooms were just dreadful, and often odorous. Each guest received one bath towel--no hand towel or washcloth. Staff were helpful when called upon, but otherwise there was no sense of anyone's presence as there is no lobby. The breakfast was somewhat unappetizing, so after the first day we stuck to juice, coffee and toast. The big plus here was that we were on the go constantly and the location is very convenient. There are a wide variety of pubs and food shops to choose from and the pubs were lively and convivial. The hotel is also close to St Pancras Station, where the Eurostar will take you to Paris or Brussels.	
Apr 15 2009 	Hot water please!	Friendly staff and typical basic but adequate breakfast. We stayed in a room on the ground floor that was rather tight to enter (door opens to about 60 degrees before hitting a wall) but adequate once inside. A plug-in heater was provided, and necessary, to keep the room warm.The major complaint was the lack of hot water. We heard someone else complain about it our first morning, then we had no hot water the two mornings after that. So it seems consistent and affects more than one room. This really delayed us one of the mornings. So you may want to shower at night.Note that there is no internet access.	
Jan 16 2009 	Basic 	Spent 3 nights here in late October in a triple (2 twins + a &quot;roll-away&quot;) on the very top floor. Comfortable beds &amp; very clean room &amp; bath; quiet (though we loved the fact that, when we had the window open, we could hear Big Ben chiming in the distance!) Good, familiar renditions of the full English breakfast.  Spent our final (early November) night in London here in a triple on the 1st floor opposite a small park. (REMINDER TO FELLOW AMERICANS: the 1st floor is the one ABOVE the ground floor.) There our windows faced the street, and light sleepers might be disturbed by conversation from passing (or lingering) pedestrians going to &amp; from the many other small hotels along this same otherwise quiet crescent. Also, we were awakened at one point by guests arriving late in the room directly above us dropping their luggage to the floor and kicking off their shoes following their climb up 4 landings to their room. Not a great place for anyone with mobility limitations. Most guest rooms are above the ground floor; the breakfast room is in the basement, and there is no lift [elevator.] Also, the prefab bathroom which had been added to the room where we stayed the final night has a VERY high door sill over which you must step to enter &amp; exit.  Sadly (for us) we never saw the dogs mentioned on the hotel's website.	
Jan 3 2009	Liked it Just Fine	My wife and I stayed for a full two weeks in October and we were very pleased with the hotel. The room was comfortable and kept clean and the location was terrific. We had read the reviews and frankly our bathroom was just fine. We asked for a ground floor room because my wife has mobility problems and the lack of a lift would have presented some problems.We enjoyed our breakfast every single day of our stay and only wish the dogs had visited a little more often. The owners and staff were courteous and helpful and the price (for London) was great.	
Nov 26 2008 	Decent for the Price Point	The Jenkins is probably the best hotel in its price range that I've experienced during my stays in London. $200 a night (£89) does not go very far in London. As outrageous as that may seem, it's a fact of life if you want to visit London. The location is good; we chose it for its price and proximity to the British Library, where one of us was working. It's a short walk to either Russell Square or St. Pancras / King's Cross stations, so we had easy access to many different Tube lines.Our room (#5) was decently decorated; the curtains and bedding seemed relatively new. The room was clean and spacious, had a working hair dryer, tea kettle, TV, and refrigerator. The street is reasonably quiet at night, and the curtains did a good job of blocking light. As mentioned in previous reviews, our bathroom was built into the room, not a separate room. However, it was not a plastic cubicle (I had one of those for a year in an apartment in Munich, so I know my plastic bathroom cubicles). It also was not a shower stall in the middle of the room -- which I've seen in hotels of this class in London. I do have to say it's the only time I've seen linoleum used as the tiling in the shower, but the shower was fairly spacious. My only real complaint was the noise -- whenever the toilet was flushed or the shower was in use, the pipes made a ton of noise, so there was no sleeping in while the other person took a shower. Photos of the bathroom are attached. It may be different in other rooms in the hotel; I can only vouch for our room.Breakfast was decent -- eggs, bacon, sausage, cereal, yogurt, fruit, coffee or tea all included in the price of the room. It's a very small breakfast room, and the two large dogs do circulate through the room and beg. This did not seem to bother most guests, who appeared to be dog lovers, but if you are not a dog lover you may have a problem with this (I'm neutral on dogs but felt that given the size of the room, and its use in food service, the dogs should have been kept out).All in all, for the money I felt the Jenkins was a good value.	
Jun 28 2008 	Ridiculous Retrofit Bathroom.	It could have been worse but the ridiculous excuse for a bathroom was a sort of tiny plastic cabinet in the corner of the room. Also the floors were the squeakiest I'd ever experienced in a land of generally squeaky floors. I would definitely not go back.	
Apr 23 2008 	Enjoyed the Jenkins.	I stayed at the Jenkins Hotel in Jaunary 2006. I chose it because it was halfway between the British Library and the British Museum, it was an old Georgian building, and in the photograph of it there were three dogs on the doorstep.I had a very enjoyable stay. Because the hotel was not full, they automatically upgraded me to a very spacious room with a king-size bed. I was on the top floor with a beautiful window looking out over the Crescent and a lovely tree. It was very quiet and restful. The fridge in the room was a great plus for keeping milk for tea, sandwiches, fruit and juices. I had the owner's dogs in the dining room with me most mornings to split my toast with. I know if any guest had objected the owner wouldn't have allowed them in, but the dogs were charming and well-mannered and were a wonderful addition to my morning.Within a two-minute walk of the front door, there is a little inner city business neighbourhood with a laundromat, grocery store, bakery, photo shop, etc.I walked London every day for ten days, and the hotel was convenient for all my sightseeing I would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting an inexpensive London stay, and would stay there again myself.	
Feb 22 2008 	2 Great Weeks @ Jenkins	We are a retired married couple, having just spent two glorious weeks in London visiting our student college daughter. We found the Jenkins Hotel in London for Dummies and zeroed in on them from their price point and reviews here at TripAdvisor. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Jenkins and more than got our money's worth there. The room (#5, one flight up) was large and clean. It had a private bath that wasn't nearly as small as we'd been led to expect by some of these comments. The shower was quite large by any standards. Our queen bed was comfortable with 4 big fluffy pillows and comforter. The room was equiped with a color TV, hair dryer, small refridgerator stocked with sodas, a hot pot with tray of instant coffee/tea fixings, safe in an end table and plenty of drawer and shelf space for the two of us.A full English breakfast was served daily 8-9AM. It included eggs poached or scrambled, beans, toast, bacon and sausages. Cold cereals, yogurts, a selection of fruits, orange juice, coffee and tea were also available. On the mornings we were not present for breakfast due to sightseeing/train/flight schedules, etc we were encouraged to take yogurts &amp; fruit up to our little 'fridge to have handy.The two Lab dogs were present one morning, but were very well behaved and didn't annoy or beg. Sam and Felicity (owners), and Ashley and Ann (server/maids)were all charming and very helpful. If we had a question they couldn't answer (not many) we were allowed to use the computer in the kitchen and Google an answer. That was very useful as not everything was open &quot;tourbook&quot; published hours in mid February.The location was extremely convenient for our sightseeing needs. The Euston, St Pancris, King's Cross, and Russell Square stations are all just a couple blocks away. St Pancris is the new terminal for the chunnel train to Paris and we found the Jenkins easy and SAFE to get to or from at all hours.We definately recommend this economy class hotel for all its nice amenities to other economy travelers.	
Dec 10 2007	Don't Leave Your Belongings	Our stay was mostly pleasant, although we went with our family (6 persons; 2 Seniors, 2 Children, my husband and I) and had 2 rooms on the 1st floor and one on the 12th. We left behind a set of Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones in the safe in our room (when our door accidently closed and locked us out on the morning of departure at 6 am) . Despite repeated attempts to contact the management to make arrangements to get the headphones sent to us (at our cost), we received no response. We left a note by the computer on the morning we left (6 am- no one on duty) and tried many, many times by email. We can only assume that someone at the Jenkins is enjoying good sound. Our stay ended up costing way more than the daily rate we paid!!!! The headphones cost $300 USD. Please check your room carefully upon departure.	
Nov 16 2007 	Not the Ritz but fine	A friend made the booking and then I read the reviews! Some trepidation followed. For:- It is cheap, it's clean, it's very quiet, it feels very safe, the breakfast is plentiful if not exciting, the rooms have all the amenities one would want- including tea &amp; coffee, the beds are comfortable, it's in a brilliant location for tubes and other London transport, the staff, who seem to be members of the same family, are typical of us Brits i.e. polite but fairly distant and business like; they don't know you so they're not immediately going to be your best friend! Against:- It's definitely no frills, there aren't any public rooms like a residents' lounge for example, the amenities in the rooms are a bit 'amateurish' e.g. old style t.v. no satellite or anything like that, hairdrier hanging by it's wire from a hook on the wall, no staff to look after you; it's a simple family run concern.The main thing to comment on is the 'bathroom' that I notice has been a theme running through many reviews. BE UNDER NO ILLUSION you do not get a 'bathroom'. The facilities comprise a pre-formed plastic cubicle about 1.5 mtr square which sits in the corner of your bedroom and has in it a lavatory, small wash basin and miniscule shower tray. The shower hose actually comes from the sink taps. Incidentally, you have to use the shower to fill the kettle as it won't fit under the taps! So you certainly have the faciilities for washing but they are basic and 'cosy' to say the least.As has been said before, you get what you pay for. £89 in London is a snip. You expect to have clean, warm facilites and at the Jenkins that's what you get. For one or two nights, it's fine. However if you want one-to-one service and a power shower I suggest you look elsewhere and dig deeper into your pockets.	
Oct 4 2007 	Nice staff can't make up for those bathrooms	My boyfriend and I (early thirties) stayed at the Jenkins in July. We enjoyed the location a lot. The staff were calm, helpful and pleasant, but I wouldn't go so far as to say &quot;warm&quot; or &quot;friendly.&quot; The rooms were clean, bright and plenty big enough for two. The breakfast was average. The tiny bathroom was enough of a nuisance to make me think I would never choose this hotel again. I know everyone here must sound like American divas when we complain about the bathrooms, but please believe me, I am NOT a diva and I really disliked them. Yes, this hotel is a good bargain, but there are other hotels on this very street where you can most likely get another 10 square feet of shower space for maybe $10 more, and it's going to make your trip so much better! I would strongly recommend that the Jenkins hotel lower their prices to make up for those bathrooms. Until then, I would recommend all visitors to choose a different hotel.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice little hotel	This is hotel is clean, convenient and (for London) inexpensive. True, the bathrooms are small (I think they're the same size as on a cruise ship), but so what. I use a hotel to look at the inside of my eyelids. The owner is helpful and the breakfast was fine. We would stay here again.	
May 11 2007 	Excellent Value	My husband and I spent ten days at the Jenkins in April of 2007. We found the hotel to be a bargain for London. The location is convenient--four blocks from the Russell Park Underground Station (on the Picadilly line which goes directly to Heathrow Airport) and within a block’s walk of a stop for several buses that go downtown. Marchmont, the street leading into Cartwright Gardens where the hotel is located, has a number of small cafes and restaurants, a couple of grocery stores (TESCO, across from the underground station had the best selection and prices), two Internet places, several book stores, and a laundromat. We tried the &quot;Sunday roast&quot; (my husband had the lamb and I the pork) at the Lord John Russell, less than a block away and thought it delicious and reasonable. There are a vegetarian and a Chinese restaurant on Marchmont as well.The hotel does not have a reception room and the breakfast room is in the basement, but it is nicely maintained and very clean. Our room, on the first floor (second in the United States) was large with a window facing the back and, as we were off the street, quiet. Cartwright Gardens is not a noisy square, however, so rooms facing the front should be fine. Our room looked as if it had been recently renovated: the carpeting new, the walls freshly painted, and the furniture not shabby as some reviewers mentioned. The &quot;prefab&quot; bathroom is tiny, but, after reading the comments on Trip Advisor before we booked, we were prepared and had no problems. (It reminded me of the bathrooms on riverboat cruises we have taken, and they did not bother us either). The room had many extras difficult to find in rooms in the same price range: a hair dryer, an electric teapot (with tea bags, packages of instant coffee, sugar, and little cartons of milk), a small refrigerator which we used to store wine and cheese in, a television with enough channels for us, and a FREE safe (yes, it is under the desk but, even though both of us are seniors citizens, we didn't have any problem opening or closing it). Contrary to several comments, two small bars of soap were placed in our room every day. (No shampoo, but we don’t use the hotel ones anyway). In addition, the towels were changed on a daily basis and the sheets every two or three days.The breakfast was more than adequate: several choices of cereals and yogurt, fresh fruit, orange juice, toast, butter, jam, eggs (scrambled, fried or poached), Canadian bacon, sausage, baked beans, etc. We could order any combination we wanted: one or two eggs with just bacon, sausage and beans (which my husband had one morning), etc. The kitchen and servers (who were very pleasant) were accommodating with the special orders. While we were in London, out of curiosity, we looked at several other hotels in the same price range and felt we had been lucky to find the Jenkins.	
Apr 21 2007 	Brilliant for the Money - and Then Some	I have read all the reviews on the Jenkins over the last 8 months as I planned my trip to London, and I have to say I have to mildly disagree with most of the complaints listed below. Both my husband and I had a lovely time. And got a great night's sleep, every night. I have rarely received such a warm reception at a private hotel anywhere. Sam and Felicity both were gracious, warm, and genuinely helpful. They were extremely knowledgeable and answered all of our questions and offered great local information.The property is from the 19th century and as such all of the rooms are configured differently. I was able to get a good look around and there are a great number of variations. In response to most North American's desires for private bathrooms the owners have nicely converted a small corner of each room into a private bath. I found it spotlessly clean and completely serviceable. Yes, it is small, but certainly provided everything I needed. To note - the suite on the third floor had a very large built in bathroom. If you require that much time/space in there - just book that room. Or just ask for the specifics you want and I'm sure you'll get what you need.We had room 12 on the third floor, facing Cartwright Gardens. It was quiet and perfectly suitable. And very clean. We really appreciated the refrigerator stocked with drinks, the tea kettle with tea service on top, and a safe in the closet for our valuables. Two things you won't get in any UK hotel at this price - or even for a lot more. (Book room 12!)Breakfast was great , ample, and served by the owners: eggs, sausages, bacon, beans, toast, tea or coffee and orange juice. As well there is fresh fruit, yogurt and cereal as well. Climbing the stairs to the room after such a huge meal was hard! If you care to eat outside the hotel I'm sure you'll get all of the above and a chunk of blood pudding and pay 6-8 Pounds each. Felicity has two adorable labrador retrievers (Georgie and Tiggy) who visit every so often. They both wag their tails all the way through breakfast while begging for handouts. You won't find that anywhere else.The location of the hotel can't be beat - it sits between no less than three tube stations: Euston, Kings Cross/St Pancras and Russell Square. Depending on your Underground destination you have access to six different lines within an 8 minute walk. The British Museum is a 20 minute stroll away. And airport transfers are a breeze - Sam can arrange a private taxi to Heathrow for 26 Pounds. For evening entertainment and good grub: O'Neills was a great Irish pub around the corner, and the Lamb is another British classic about 15 mins away. Carluccio's in Brunswick Square has great, outdoor, Italian dining.We will certainly stay here again when we return to London. And have already told all our friends we felt so at home we didn't want to leave. Bravo Sam and Felicity!	
Apr 19 2007 	Will not stay again!	Originally planned to stay at the Jenkins for 4 nights left on the third. The good: It is about 10 minute walk from the tube station and that will connect you to all the sites of London.The Hotel was pretty cheap.Room 10 has a “real” shower and bathroom(private).Was quite.The Bad:The Boiler broke on the second morning there we had no hot water and no heat.Third morning (said the boiler was fixed ) still no hot water or heat in our room.Breakfast was the same food every morning ( not very good ).The dogs (and I have two) begged so much that it was irritating (the dinning room very small).Room had no extra towels and no amenities such as, soap, shampoo, or anything extra. Overall the Jenkins Hotel was very shabby and only a few steps up from a youth hostel. I thought that it was overpriced, even at 85 pounds a night. If you need help or have questions there was noone around to help you. The only time I saw anyone was when we checked in/out and at breakfast. When asked a simple questions none of the hotel staff could help. Would I stay again .....no, I think that I can find better accommodations next time.	
Mar 13 2007	You get what you pay for....	I find it hard to criticise the Jenkins hotel when I paid £85 for a double room, with breakfast as i think this is cheap for London. We just wanted somewhere to sleep with a lock on the door convenient to a tube station and Euston and that is what we got. For that reason I find it hard to complain about the ancient wardrobe and drawer/desk units that are in deperate need of replacing (Ikea for example are so cheap these days), the complete lack of atmosphere and the tardis like bathroom. I think potential visitors should know that it is not ensuite but as has been previously said, a plastic box put in the corner of your room similar to an aircraft. The shower was awful.A tiny piece of plastic to stand on with a shower curtain wrapped around you that stuck to your body when it got wet. How anyone over 5'5 copes I dont know. I would rather share a proper bathroom with another room than use this again. The full english breakfast was nt up to much. One other couple asked for bacon and eggs for breakfast and so were served one piece of bacon and one egg (ie the full english without the baby tomato sausage and beans). The kettle doesnt reach the table so you have to put it on the floor, the tv didnt work properly and you have to get on your hands and knees to use the safe (it is on the floor under the desk chair) The staff were very nice and friendly and the hotel was clean. As ive said, I wanted a room with a lock and a tube station. Next time though I will be prepared to pay double and stay somewhere else.	
Feb 21 2007 	Quiet like home	My wife and I stayed here for three nights in Apr 2006 on our first visit to London. We like B&amp;Bs, and the Jenkins is as nice -- for the money --as any here in the States. We stayed in the ground floor front room. The bath is small, tacked on to the front parlor and raised six or so inches to accommodate rework plumbing. Brace yourself getting in the tub. Otherwise, room was very comfortable for what we wanted it for...sleeping, although I will never get used to the thin English mattress. Wonderful breakfast and staff. Close to Russell Square, Euston, Kings Cross (we picked the Jenkins for a easy train connection to Cambridge), and bus stops. Like home...you get a key to the front door.Could not find a decent pub nearby. Lord John Russell was passable, but does not have a selection of brews for more than one visit, unless you are a &quot;one-and-done&quot; drinker. Several places to eat nearby in all price ranges. We used a bodega down the block for wine, beer and snacks.Would we go back...sure. My wife still smiles when we reminisce about our visit to the Jenkins. You cannot buy that kind of memory.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great B	We just spent two weeks at The Jenkins Hotel and loved every minute of it. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful; breakfast was a nice affair with the choice of a full English breakfast or cereal, fruit and yogurt. There was a small refrigerator in our room, plus an electric teapot and free coffee and tea. The location is perfect -- between King's Cross and Russell Square tube stops, which was perfect for us as we used the tube every day. Sam, Felicity and their staff answered all our questions and even helped us find out information by using their office computer. The best part of the stay, though, for me, were Georgie and Tiggy, the two beautiful and friendly black labs that met us for breakfast on Tuesdays and Wednesday. I would highly recommend this B&amp;B!	
Sep 14 2006	Watch out for the bathrooms	While the location was outstanding, we too had trouble with the &quot;train-size in room bathrooms.&quot; We were on the top floor, quite a climb with luggage (4th or 5th floor), and the room was fine, but the shock was the &quot;ensuite&quot; bathroom made up of some kind of metal or plastic. When you attempted to turn the shower on via the taps, the water &quot;surged&quot; and I got completely scalded on one side of my body, which did not make for a pleasant experience. I actually screamed for my husband to rescue me but he was sound asleep! I think when booking the owners should make clear to the prospective client what kind of bathroom is available and that some of the bathrooms are definitely not normal bathrooms. Excellent breakfast although other clients appeared to treat the breakfast room like their house. One man appeared at the table barefoot, not particularly appetizing, and no hotel staff member said anything because he was the same way the next morning.	
Jun 10 2006	Great	Fabulous - we were totally delighted with the Jenkins. Despite the warning of the tiny shower/loo facilities in the room, it turned out to be fine. We had a choice of a smaller top floor room with a view of the crescent park/tennis courts or the larger room on the floor below, which we chose (never missed the view). The owners and staff were very kind and the breakfast was great. We stayed for three nights and would definitely go back. The location is just far enough from the action to be comfortable, yet close enough to walk to a lot of places.	
Mar 25 2006	showering in a Dr Who "Tardis" never again	Having been in the Hotel &amp; Catering industry for a long time now, &amp; not enjoying staying at large impersonal hotels, I tend to search out the small &amp; homely venues. This hotel is ideally situated, quiet surroundings and clean. BUT I also have to admit that I do not like to shower in what was a Dr Who Tardis thing. The only way I can describe it, that it was a plastic all-in-one box, with a measily shower head attached to the basin (very small) taps. An enclosure only somewhat larger than the toilet on an aircraft! On entering this plastic &quot;box&quot;, it wobbled horribly making me feel quite sea sick, and the toilet seat cover did not stay up, no matter how hard I tried, it kept falling down on me whilst sitting on the toilet. A man would have no chance! :O) The electric sockets (the only 2 in the room) were firmly hidden away behind an antiquated desk/dressing table which had to be moved first before you could even attempt to use a socket so as to boil water in the little kettle which was provided. Even then the lead didn't reach the socket. The room was quite bare and devoid of all &quot;atmosphere&quot;, the pillows were hard and uncomfortable - so all in all, a bit of a mish mash disaster. Breakfast too left a bit to be desired. We were most disappointed, and I really did expect a whole lot more from this little family run hotel. We will not be staying there again.	
Feb 6 2006	Good basic B	Stayed at the Jenkins way back in 2000, but found it a really good value. Easy location to just about anywhere.OK rooms, small bathrooms of course, but nice folks and decent breakfasts.	
Jan 13 2006	A fine Hotel with tiny Bathrooms	I've stayed at the Jenkins on numerous occasions over the years. Let me preference this neutral/average review by stating that I am one of those people who doesn't mind shared bathhrooms. The Jenkins is a beautifully run small Hotel in a good location. A hearty breakfast is included in your rate. The Owners and Staff are always friendly and helpful. For years, the Jenkins had shared bathrooms as was the norm among these types of B&amp;B's. They were always spotless, and in my experience there, I only had to wait once for a bathroom (my sister). Recently, however the Jenkins has &quot;refurbished&quot; the majority of the rooms with what I will term &quot;airplane restrooms&quot;. They're just too small. I imagine this refurbishment was predicated by complaints from folks who do not like to share bathrooms. And that, is a shame. I just can't get past the phone booth bathrooms. I won't be back, and I'm sad.So, if you don't mind your rear end hanging out the bathroom door while brushing your teeth, everything else about the hotel will suit you fine.	
Aug 4 2005	A Great Place to Stay	My husband &amp; I stayed in the hotel for nine days &amp; really enjoyed the location, staff, &amp; the room. Although there is no elevator in the hotel, the appropriately named Karrie helped us take our luggage up to the second floor. Our room over looked the tennis court park across the street, where we had a nice view of large trees, squirrels, &amp; birds right in London. The location is excellent: only a short walk to Euston Station, the British Library, St. Pancras Church, &amp; the British Museum. Plus a laundromat, restaurants, &amp; stores are close by the hotel. The room had every thing we needed: refrigerator, hair dryer, TV, bathroom, electric kettle, &amp; a selection of teas &amp; coffee. Every morning we had a good breakfast that carried us through a morning of walking &amp; sight seeing. The best part of the hotel, however, is the friendly &amp; helpful staff.	
Jul 23 2005	Jenkins Hotel OK but not great	We stayed at the Jenkins Hotel for 2 nights in early July. I chose it because I wanted to be near the British Museum and I wanted our daughters to experience a B&amp;B. Our room (#8) was quite small with a tiny bathroom created out of part of the room; shower was attached to the sink, as described in other reviews. Our daughters' room (#10) was very large with a large normal bathroom, but it was on the very top floor with many flights of stairs to climb. The beds are not the normal twin size beds we are used to in the states. I don't know what they are, but two of them pushed together in our room equaled a double bed.Breakfast was good, but they did not serve any fruit. The proprietors were friendly and pleasant. On the second morning, two black labs, Tiggy and Georgy, visited everyone in the breakfast room hoping for treats. The hotel is a quick walk to either Kings Cross or Russell Square tube stations. There is no A/C but there were fans in the rooms, which kept us sufficiently cool at night during a warm season in London.	
Oct 24 2004	Great Place	I have stayed at B and B's all over the world. The Jenkins Hotel was clean; the breakfast was great; the people working there were friendly and helpful. The neighborhood is interesting and convenient to many other places.	
Sep 27 2004	Good basic accomodation	I´ve recently stayed at the Jenkins for a weekend, and it´s a good, basic, well located B&amp;B. There´s no reception so you do your check in/out in the kitchen, but the staff were friendly and there´s a family-like atmosphere. The double room was OK, nothing fancy but adequate. My main complaint was the &quot;bathroom&quot; which had clearly been &quot;added&quot; to the room: exactly like the ones in planes, I had trouble moving in the shower as it was so tiny! (and the shower was connected to the basin taps so not exactly a &quot;power shower&quot;).	
Jun 15 2004	Aussie Jenkin fans	I can't believe how hard some people are to please!We had the Jenkins recommended to us and I took that recommendation above the adverse comments on the website. The hotel is clean, comfortable, friendly and in a wonderful location amid pubs, restaurants,a handy laundrette and a five minute walk from the British Museum. For the money in London is it a great place to stay. We enjoyed the breakfast and the chat among the guests from around the world. I have already recommended it to a friend visiting in August.	
May 21 2004	Disagree with Douggie	You can imagine the feeling of unease when last month two hours before catching our flight I find this website by accident, we are booked for four days into the Jenkins Hotel. Is this the same hotel used by Douggie from Rochester NY? It is a delight: the staff, the dogs and the room( incidentally the same one as Douggie's ).We meet the &quot;rat&quot; on the balcony( a visiting squirrel from the park opposite). We meet the owner at the excellent breakfast, we also find out Douggie had several run ins with the staff about smoking in his room .As the owner commented, &quot; do you stay seven days in a hotel with rats?&quot; We will return, I trust Douggie won't.	
Apr 14 2004	Cozy and Comfortable	We reserved this hotel based on the price and the mention in Fodor's. We were not disappointed. The double room (king bed aka 2 twins) was comfortable, the ensuite bathroom was unique, the tea service appreciated. Clean and comfortable. Within 2 blocks walking distance to Tube stations, cyberstation across the street for quick emails home, plenty of neighborhood pubs for the local flavor. The staff was helpful and courteous. Other guests during our March 2004 visit were pleasant to speak with during breakfast. Comparing the price to US$ is unfair due to the current exchange rate. We would stay here again.	
Mar 30 2004	Wish I'd read this first	I stayed at the Jenkins recently. I wish I had visited this site before I went there. I may have heeded some advice! I found all these reviews have some truth to them, even the English person. (Although I should mention there weren't any other English people there when my partner and I stayed). The accomodation was quite basic, the breakfast was tasteless and the surrounds were quite drab. All in all, for what we payed, I was very disappointed. When I explained to the staff I was disappointed they were not even interested in my feedback. In fact they ignored what I said. Next time we will go elsewhere.	
Nov 21 2003	Value for Money	As an Englishman rather than an American perhaps I expect less but I have stayed at the Jenkins a few times before &amp; found it good value for money, basic yet clean accomodation. The location is fantastic, make use of the tennis courts opposite. The dogs rarely seen now as the owners are no longer in every day &amp; have employed a manager instead. Still, the homely touch &amp; personal interest in guests are retained, many people [mostly Americans] have been coming back for years &amp; are familiar faces to the owners.	
Nov 12 2003	Very basic	This hotel is not worth its tariff as the facilities were inadequate. Bathroom very small, room cold, no assistance with luggage to top floor in lieu of elevator and no decent restaurants within walking distance. Can do better for money elsewhere.	
Nov 8 2003 	Good value	Your basic British B&amp;B, more tastefully decorated than most and spotlessly clean. Rooms miniscule by US standards, but standard for Europe. Conveniently located to transportation and restaurants. Breakfasts ample, staff (and pets) pleasant and accommodating.	
Oct 2 2003	This Is Not a Hotel!	The Jenkins Hotel is in an interesting seedy neighborhood that we liked, but the hotel itself is just a door and steps to tiny rooms with porto-san type bathrooms that shook when used. The beds were so narrow (less than 18 inches across) that it was a shock to nearly fall out when turning over. The blankets looked like WWII army discards. The shower was hooked up to the sink and was claustrophobic.On the plus side, two of the large labradors came to breakfast one morning and snatched bacon where they could. The breakfasts were adequate, and the staff was pleasant. But these factors do not make for a comfortable visit. The place itself just doesn't lend itself to a full-fledged hotel with reception, lounge, full bathrooms, etc.	
Aug 29 2003	Yuk yuk terrible	I thought from other things I had heard in newspapers that the hotel seemed 'homey'. That they had two very cute black labs and the people were friendly. Believe me it was anything but that. I don't know whether it was just my bad luck but... we visited earler this month (August 2003) and were told the dogs didn't come in very frequesntly (and we were there for a week and didn't see them at all) but worse.. the room seemed small but quaint (we expected small 'European rooms') that wasn't so bad but with the heat and the lack of English air-conditioning (which we understand is very common over there) we had our windows open at night. However, we couldn't sleep because of the rats running around on our balcony outside our window - trying to get in so in stifling temperatures we had to have our window closed at night. We learned at breakfast everyone on the ground floor had to keep theirs closed as well due o the feeling that it just wasn't safe. All of this we could have written off as 'London life' but the staff and the service were terrible. We had a South African girl to deal with. We don't know if it was a cultural difference or just a bad week but not friendly and not helpful are the understatements I'm using because I'm trying really hard to be balanced. Needless to say I would think about staying at this English hotel. (By the way from what we heard ar breakfast other guests had other bad experiences from no hot water to bad food). But hey, we were just one couple! Doug Palmer. Feel free to e-mail if you have any questions.	
May 27 2008 	Buena relación calidad precio		
Nov 4 2007 	bon rapport qualité prix pour Londres		
