Aug 3 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	Having reada few of the reviews of the hotel two days before I travelled I was really quite worried about what I would find. On arrival, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the ground floor and had two comfortable double beds, an adequately sized wet room with toilet, shower and wash basin, a kettle, hair-drier and TV. There was a good-sized wardrobe in which I quickly stored all our clothes (four of us there for five days) and there was still room to spare.The location was perfect. Just a two minute walk from the shops and restaurants and five minutes to Victoria station. All that and yet the street was very quiet; hardly any traffic and not much pedestrian noise. My only complaint was that we had to have the window open all the time due to the heat, though that was hardly their fault, it was a hot week. There was a fan in the room (not air-con) and combined they were sufficient to keep the room at an acceptable temperature.We only ventured down to breakfast on three mornings and found friendly staff and a small but servicable dining room. The toast and croissants were fine and the coffee was as coffee should be. There was a selection of cereals and fruit on offer and the lack of full english breakfast was made up for by the location of a fab cafe two minutes away (the name of which has, unfortunately slipped my mind).Overall we had a good week in London and would happily go back to the Caswell on our next visit.	
Jul 22 2009 	Friendily cheap tiny but centrally located	This family run hotel is just 8 minutes away from Victoria station and well situated from travellers taking the bus from Stansted airport, as we did.Tiny rooms that were clean and for London an excpetable price of 65 pounds per night in a double including breakfast.Free WiFi was also nice to have!	
May 30 2009 	I would rather stay with norman bates	If you just want a basic bed for the night then you cant complain...well you can as you dont get a bathroom. if you request one like me its the size of a tube of smarties and the door is basically a wooden shutter with no lock. This is more like a hostel were its just a base to throw your stuff in. You have to leave your key at reception when you go out and there is no were to keep valuables so be wary. The hot water didnt work in the &quot;shower&quot; and there was only a tiny bit of toilet roll so i had to borrow some from the communal toilet (sorry about that). Take advantage of a cup of tea in the morning from your room as the breakfast is a huge dissapointment. You can have cerial or toast. The toast was basically a load of sliced bread lol not even a tiny bit toasted, was laughing too much to complain and believe me il eat any old stuff. The teapot contained one teabag lol and came out like white milky water!theres hundreds of bed n breakfasts along that road, dont bother with that one.	
Sep 25 2008 	No good	Dump ,i felt like i was staying in chernobyl - the room was TILTED to the right, you couldnt open the door fully because it was blocked by a wardrobe (which was so small you couldnt fit clothes in), the sink was clogged, tv had 4 channels and very very poor reception (with antennae), the bed was VERY worn and springs were poking me all night, the window didnt close, all the furniture was about 50 years old i think, it also had the oldest water heater i have ever seen, amazing taht it worked tho it was very rusty, the chair in the room was extremely filthy had to cover it with a towel, and the free wifi? dont bother, very slow, very bad reception, disconnected all the time.Basically dont be stupid and avoid at all costs!	
Sep 20 2008 	Stay away from this hotel!	The only decent thing about this hotel is the location. However, considering public transportation and the myriad of choices in London, this is definitely NOT a good pick. Heed my warning. Please note we are budget travelers, we do not mind the hotels being old or having a little fault here or there if there is a good value for the money. But this one, even for the budget traveler is a terrible choice. The first sign things were not right: - Right on the door is posted a Wanted ad for a chambermaid.Second sign: - When we were checking in there was a disgruntled French couple trying to get a refund.Third: - We were given a horrible room, totally dirty. A little hellhole. We did not mind the furniture being old and mismatching (We went to similar hotels in the past, where things used to be old BUT they were spotlessly clean). The sink was dirty, the little soap being offered to wash your hand has been previously used, the bed cover had stains of dubious nature...and the list goes on. I will give credit for the clean towels and clean sheets, which we happened to find out they were rented!We had to sleep there one night because we did not have ample time to find another place. The mattress was so old it had springs poking you and to top it all, the dingy shower room only had tepid, almost cold water...Stay away from this slum hote! It is a tourist trap, because they ask for a 48 hour in advance notice to cancel and they do not care if the service is bad.	
May 20 2008 	Very Good Exprience!!	On Bigining of the May Me and my Family have stayed in this hotel! Well When I arrived to the hotel, I found that one of the member of staff has open the door with nice and wellcome smile, He gave us all the detail on check in incuding Area information,Nearest tube station,Directon to the Victoria and all famous tourist vising Places. He gave us free map of worth 2.95 for street guide.&quot; .&quot; So Me and my wife made plan for next day.&quot;Second thing i like that was nice breakfast. Breakfast include Fruits,Juces,cerials tea-coffee and Crossants. That's i wasn't expected. so over all i personally feel which was more than i booked. Another main point i would descrbe is location.It exctly central and safe neighbourhood. Hotel is safe due to main doors operated by recepcionist permission only.I also will give less point will be no lift in the hotel, so I have to hang up till 3rd floor. but its was not much more problem. I already have stayed in some other hotels in london but i found this is one of best from them.	
Mar 17 2008	Stop! You may prefer a night in the Tower of London Dungeons	Hmmmm! I arrived with my two young children from the USA and tried to check into this hotel upon my arrival at 11pm. I did know in advance that I may not be able to check in until 1pm.However after a ten hour flight and 3 hour cab journey due to bad traffic we finallly arrived at the hotel. Upon our entrance which was a struggle to fit my suitcase and two children as well as myself through the hallway. The carpet was a dingy, stained and looked like it had been taken from a closing down well used restaurant from the 1970.s. The walls were a blend of dull green with brown marks which i presume was from so many people rubbing up against them trying to squeeze through.The reception was not much bigger and behind the unfinished, unpainted hand made MDF desk was a guy who I presumed to be the owner he was pleasant although not too understanding.Please note I could not fit myself as well as my children into the reception it was about the same size as my brrom cupboad.I then found out that the toilet and separate shower were two floors away from our room. We were only staying two nights there and we only needed something basic to crash for the night. Although I did not realise basic meant, dirty, grimey, dull, dingy, smelly. stained and the most repulsive place I have ever paid to enter.But it gets worse....I asked if we could sit and wait with our luggage until our room was ready. But was told there was nowhere we could sit as he did not have anything. I asked if we could wait in the breakfast room but was told it was locked until breakfast the next morning.(Not sure how anybody could pluck up enough courage and anti- bodies to actually eat there?) He then went on to inform me that it was not a hotel but in fact a bed and breakfast, not sure what the difference is? I asked him why it said Caswell Hotel outside the door....he told me he didn't know.So we had to leave the hotel, as we were walking out he informed me I was not allowed to take our key and we had to leave it with him at all times as keys were not permitted beyond the front entrance.So we bravely left our luggage with him and went out until 1pm as requested.We returned to find that nobody was in the hotel and we had to wait for 15 minutes in the cold and rain for him to return to open the front door for us. He did apologise and said he was busy cleaning.My daughter was desparate to use the toilet and he showed us to the toilet on the second floor....this was going to be our toilet shared by two other floors of people.The door was difficult to open and then it could not close all the way, so if you were in action anybody going to their room could quite happily see, hear or smell what you were up to. The sink was so small I did wonder how you could put both hands under the tap? There was no soap but an abundance of fully used, soiled white and brown toilet paper all over the toilet floor. The inside of the toilet and toilet seat looked like it had just been in an explosive bomb made up of people's poo from all over London but there was a very nice clean toilet brush outside of the toilet entrance in the hallway.We did not use the toilet but had a quick look at the shower which we stupidly thought may also have a toilet! The shower did not look much larger than a circumferance of a toilet roll,,,i was trying to imagine as a size 10 female how you would actually fit into it without the fear of the sticky grungy moldy shower curtain clinging to your body.We all walked downstairs (be careful here they are not very wide or straight) and I asked to check out, he told me no problem but could not give me a refund as i booked through a website....funny the website has told me only he can give me a refund!This is the kind of hotel that you would recomend to a demolishion company and to the health and safety inspectors....nobody else especially if you have children or are over a size 12 (150 pounds) as you would not fit through the hallway or reception or shower...but that would be a welcome bonus.I walked across to a hotel just 5 minutes away called the Luna Simone it was a three star for the same price and was absolutely gorgeous...please stay here instead unless you like the hammer house of horrors touch.	
Oct 20 2007 	Clean and basic	The caswell is extremely dingy, needs a good paint, but if you are,like we were, just after somewhere fairly handy to put your head down for the night, its fine. The only thing is, its very noisy-we were woken up several times during the night by the noisy plumbing and slamming doors. However, the room was absolutly spotless, and the breakfast was basic but plentiful, and again, it was all very clean (crockery tables etc). The staff were very polite and efficient. Be warned however and maybe ask for a lower floored room as the stairs are lethal!	
May 9 2007 	got what I expected	Before travelling to London I had read many reviews telling that rooms in B&amp;Bs are rather small. That is why I wasn't surprised when I arrived at Caswell. My mother and I booked an en-suite room two months beforehand. The manager had let us have a look at our room before we paid the whole sum of money. As to the room itself, it was small, but quite cosy. It looked very similar to the one shown on the photos provided by the hotel. Beds and towels were clean. The shower was rather small but we coped quite ok. We enjoyed the breakfasts in spite of the fact that there wasn't much variety. There was a good range of cereals, jams and very tasty croissants and toasts. Also, what I liked a lot, was that we had a kettle, a tea pot and tea and coffee bags in our room. Speaking about the location, it was quite convenient. It took about ten minutes to reach Victoria station and several minutes to reach a bus stop. There was a reasonably priced supermarket in the area as well.All in all we were quite happy with our stay in this hotel.	
Jan 8 2007 	Esperienza positiva!	Albergo fantastico consigliato per chi vuole visitare londra a costi limitati almeno per quanto riguarda l'alloggio.Le camere sono davvero piccole, così come anche il bagno e la doccia però tutto è davvero pulito.Il personale è gentile e disponibile a dare informazioni e soprattutto a tenere le valigie nel caso si debba lasciare la stanza senza però dover partire subito.La colazione è semplice ma abbastanza abbondante e buona per iniziare la giornata.In definitiva è una sistemazione perfetta per chi in albergo ci sta per dormire e farsi una doccia.La posizione è buona anche per chi arriva dagli aeroporti (vicino a Victoria Station) e la zona è molto tranquilla.Consiglio l'albergo per giovani e persone senza troppe pretese.	
Jul 24 2006 	Not all is well at the Caswell	The Caswell offers some good and some bad points. Having stayed there for 5 nights, I feel somewhat qualified to comment, and , since I am a very forgiving and kind person, tolerant of much, I'll start with the positives.The Caswell is very conveniently located, within easy walking distance of Victoria bus and rail stations, the Pimlico Tube stop, Buckingham Palace, Parliment and the rest of the Westminster attractions, the Thames, etc. It has close-by internet cafes, laundrettes, restaurants, and other services.We felt very safe in the neighborhood, which is made up of private homes and hotels much like the Caswell - at least from the outside.The staff was very pleasant and helpful, courteous, and went out of their way to assist us whenever they could.On the negative side of the ledger - the place is a dump.The carpet is dingy and overworn, the furniture is stained and tired. When I tried to pull our desk chair out from the desk, the back of the chair came off in my hand.The rooms are small and cramped, and the walls and floors are not plumb - many items for furniture listed noticeably in one direction or another.The en-suite facilities looked to have been taken from an RV and stapled into the corner of our room. The WC was VERY small - but cleanish. It was hard to use the sink without kneeling on the commode. You couldn't move in the bathroom without bumping things, including the toilet paper holder, which routinely fell off the wall.The shower was so small that it was almost impossible to stand in it without the shower curtain clinging to you, which was kind of icky. Even though we had facilities in our room, we thought seriously about using the shower down the hall, just because it looked like you could bend over in it without clonking your head on the sink.The breakfasts at the Caswell are spartan - cereal, toast or croissants, juice and coffee or tea, but served by very charming and gracious staff, and everything in the simple breakfast room was very clean and tended to.If you are budget conscious, and only need a mostly clean bed to collapse into at the end of the day, maybe the Caswell is worth it. If anyone in your party is the slightest bit squeamish about stains and close confines, go elsewhere. There are dozens of similar hotels in the same neighborhood - I have to believe some of them are better appointed and better cared for.The net result of our experience is that we won't be going back, and won't recommend it to anyone we like.	
Jul 14 2006	terrible experience	my sister and i reserved a double room after viewing their website. i should have checked it out before paying. we seriously contemplated staying up all night rather than sleep here. We were given a room downstairs, dingy, filthy stains on the carpet, and food stains on the quilt., bottomless drawers. we asked to change rooms and were forced to pay 8 pounds more for the upgrade. in this room i found a silverfish in my bed and hair, nail clippings on the floor. my throat hurt from all the chemicals being sprayed there (to kill bugs?) DO NOT BOTHER CHECKING THIS PLACE OUT.Its worth spending more money somewhere else to not have to put up with what we did.	
May 28 2006	Paid but did not stay!	I arrived back into London late one night, and at the Victoria Station I decided to try lastminuteThat was a mistake, in my opinion. In fact, I hope someone from Lastminute sees this and has the heart to refund my money. I paid only 30 pounds...but that is at least 50 US Dollars $. Anyway, the girls who booked me the room were kind, and from what they said, the room sounded ok.I took a taxi to Caswell and went inside. The only nice thing about this Hotel was the young Indian boy who waited on me. The place was bad news. Dark, dirty, dreary...etc.I am an older woman who travels mostly alone, and I do not mind the majority of places I have ended up in, however, this was not going to be one of them. To start with, I would have had to walk up 4 flights to my room, which had no bathroom or telephone...both of which were important to me. My husband called every night from the States and I would lay in bed and talk. Mind you, It was 11pm in London when I arrived at this hotel. When I told the young man that I was not willing to climb the stairs (no elevator), He kindly tried to get me to go in the basement. It was a long flight of stairs also. There was a room down there with a bathroom ensuite. Witout going down I declined and left. I knew I would not get my money back. I then took a taxi to Westminster Hotel on Leinster square. I had stayed there several days before and I loved it. They took me right in...and honored a very low rate from the Internet.When you arrive somewhere late and tired you tend to take anything.	
Nov 22 2005 	Vile putrid and not worth a penny you're spending	I have never been so shocked and appalled by anywhere as I was when I walked into Caswell Hotel. I do want to make it clear that I was not expecting an upscale hotel or anything, but really, this is far beyond anything I expected from 'cheap accommodation'. The first moment I entered the place I was worried, even the so-called lobby smelled damp and unpleasant. I was told I was on the top floor (4th, which is really 5th since 1st is ground), and there was no elevator and no one to help me drag my 30 inch suitcase up the narrow and winding staircase. Well, what a hassle, but that's ok, I am not paying an arm and a leg to be here. What was not ok was the condition and cleanliness of the room and the bathroom, the latter of which is shared by everyone else on the same floor. The room, which JUST (and may I emphasise again on the word 'just') fits the bed, an old cupboard and a sink was not in a good condition at all. The carpet was stained all over, the walls were cracked in several places, and the bed.... let's just say that after seeing how old the comforter was, I was too afraid to look underneath. The bathroom, well, if you can call it that, was right outside my bedroom. There were 2 doors, the first opens up to reveal not really a shower room, more like a cubicle that was covered in old mouldy tiles, it was so small I'm not sure if there would be enough space to bend over to pick up soap or shampoo bottles on the floor, since there was no shelf in there. The light in there was just a bulb hanging from the ceiling, reminded me of some horror movie where someone is locked up in a tiny dirty cell. The 2nd door for was the toilet, which after seeing, I would rather hold it and use the bathroom in a restaurant nearby instead. I immediately went downstairs and told the guy I no longer want to stay here and would like to cancel my reservation. He told me I was not allowed to, I didn't care however, I just wanted to get out of there and if worse comes to worse I'd rather sleep in the bathtub of a friends house than to have to spend one night here, in that rotten bed and that mouldy shower cubicle. They can take the money for all 5 nights if they want to, but I was too concerned for my own health and hygiene to stay here. All I can say is, if you are looking for cheap accommodation in expensive London, make sure you do a bit more research than I did. You can get much nicer cheap accommodation than this place for the same price if you spend more time looking. The Caswell hotel maybe cheap but it is not worth it. God, even my boarding shool's bedroom and communal bathrooms were in better shape than this. This place is not worthy of calling itself a hotel, it is more like a hostel, at best.	
Oct 29 2005	Returned to the Caswell	We returned to the Caswell in March of this year and found it had made some improvements. The lighting in our room was improved with new reading lamps over each bed and the lobby area has changed for a more updated look. The staff was as kind and gracious as in the past, welcoming us back for another visit. Remember that this is a small budget hotel, and does not have the bells and whistles many US visitors might be accustomed to. My teenaged daughter and I stayed there and felt perfectly safe and were quite comfortable. The rooms are small (we had shared bath facilities) and clean. The bath facilities were clean and in working order. The staff and the location will bring us back yet again this spring when we return for more of that wonderful West End Theatre and London magic!Breakfast is simple and good. It is promptly provided in the breakfast room, and is quite adequate to get the day started. Here as well, we found the staff kind and helpful.As mentioned in other reviews, the bus service and proximity to Victoria Station are excellent. The location is quiet and close to reasonably priced dining, etc, as mentioned in other posts. We see no reason to change our new found habit of staying with the lovely folks at the Caswell.	
Jul 5 2005	simple but ok	the hotel was cheap and simpel.the rooms where old, we had a room with a broken window, but everything was clean.the breakfast was also simple but ok.	
Jan 7 2005	Caswell a good value all things considered	We stayed @ the Caswell Hotel in June 0f 2004 for five days. The carpet was worn and the rooms, stair cases and bathrooms are tiny. However the hotel was clean, the staff friendly and the location quite handy. The breakfast was nothing special but punctual and adequate to start your day. The room was quiet at night the shower was hot and the bed was comfortable. For a first time traveler from the USA it might not be what they expect, but consider that Europe is different from the states and that you are in London. What do you get a tourist hotel for in London for anyway? To sleep in that is about it! We were gone by 09:00 and useually did not return until 20:00. We got what we paid for, a clean quiet place to shower and sleep in. We would stay at Caswell again all things considered.	
Aug 17 2004	Pinch your pennies at the Caswell and you won't regret it.	While the breakfast was unimpressive, the hotel was very quiet, as Frommer's promised, and clean, if shabby. I highly recommend it. The fact that it's on a 24 hour bus line to Covent Garden made it an even better deal, and since we stayed for a week they dropped the price for us. The surrounding neighborhood has all sorts of great, cheap restaurants (including the Cafe Mignon at 41A Warwick way - great breakfast, be sure to eat it on the garden patio behind the restaurant) and thrift shops. If you're blowing your money on other things besides housing (say a week full of theatre), pinch your pennies at the Caswell and you won't regret it.	
Jul 18 2004	This place was cheap! (in all that entails)	My traveling companions and I arrived at two in the morning and were ready to fall into bed and get a good nights rest before beginning our weekend in London. As soon as we laid eyes on the entryway of the Caswell Hotel we were ready to back out slowly for fear of what might attack us when we entered. The carpet was shabby, the walls were dingy, there was a strange aroma lingering in the air and (my favorite part) there was a handwritten sign at the (tiny) check-in desk that said &quot;no visitors after 9:00p.m.&quot; The attendant who greeted us was not welcoming either. His first comment was “I have charged your Visa for the first night. May I have your card so I may charge the rest now?” I said no! But, we were trying to keep expenses down, so we thought we'd at least see the room before we ran screaming from the place. Big mistake. The room was on an upper floor and the staircase leading up was narrow and rickety (even worse than those found in Amsterdam). The room was tiny, but that wasn’t the problem. The room had the vibe of the type of place you’d see in a movie about prostitutes and drug dealers. We were literally afraid to touch the bedspread. The bathroom was a walk-in, back-out deal, with the toilet practically in the shower. If the room had been nice and clean, I could have dealt with the bathroom (and the rest of the hotel for that matter), but in this case it was just one more thing we didn’t like. We fled back downstairs and told the rather stunned attendant we would not be staying in this hotel. I must admit that once he overcame his &quot;hurt feelings&quot; he graciously directed us to a sister property (the Victor Hotel) only a few blocks away (and a few pounds more expensive, but totally worth it) that I would recommend to anyone (Is this a scam they have running?). And because we stayed at a property under the same management, the prepaid night at the Caswell was refunded (thank you). If you are looking for cheap and exciting (?) this may be the hotel for you. Otherwise, spend the extra money for a clean, safe, and pleasant room... somewhere else.	
Jun 1 2004	Great deal very close to underground	I stayed at the Caswell in the summer of 2002 and found it to be exactly what I expected. A budget hotel. The accomodations were a bit tight, but as the comment by the person from the Netherlands mentioned... you are only sleeping. Being my first trip to London, I found the staff very pleasant and helpful in directing yet another american tourist to nearby attractions. Anyone can have a bad day. I work in the tourist industry and understand the brain damage you get from answering the same questions 10,000 times a day! Thanks to the staff for making my stay a pleasant one.	
May 27 2004	Nice try but no cigar	The Caswell Hotel is a double-edged sword. The downside is that the hotel is basically a dump. Filthy carpet, in need of paint, tiny (and I mean tiny) bathrooms, noisy plumbing all night long. The upside is that it's a great bargain -- we paid just 40 pounds per night for a double ensuite room. The breakfast was quite pleasant, and the 24 hour front desk staff were helpful. The Caswell makes a number of nice attempts (teacups in the room, a minibar, a safe in the room) to provide some comforts. The cleaning staff does what it can to keep the rooms clean and fresh, but unfortunately their resources are just too limited. My suggestion? Go for the Caswell if you're on a tight budget and don't mind a little grime. 	
Apr 28 2003	Excellent value	Last Easter weekend I've stayed with my girlfriend in the Caswell for two nights and we really felt at home there.The lady at the reception was friendly by letting us leave our luggage there, since we got there very early in the morning and weren't able to check in yet. Also, during the weekend, we got excellent advice and answers when we needed it in regard to our stay in London.The room was tiny, but very comfortable, with a bathtub, television and tea making facility. It was enough for the weekend and seriously: how much time do you spend in your hotel-room? Right, not that much and the bed was good.All in all, we recommend this hotel to everyone who doesn't want to spend money on all those expensive hotels and just expect what they pay for.	
Jan 11 2003	cheap with good reason	The Caswell Hotel is cheap, and you get what you pay for. The room wasn't horrible. It was almost unbearably tiny, but not unnatractive except for the ancient carpet that covers all floors in the hotel. The communal toilet and shower (rather inconveniently located) were cramped but adequate.The real problem for me was the staff. I partly chose the Caswell because I read a review that called them exceptionally helpful and courteous. I found that to be far off the mark.Now I wasn't expecting to be treated like a queen or make lifelong friends, but I was hoping for cheerful treatment and maybe some local advice. But I just felt like we were a terrible inconvenience to them. Someone left a phone message for me that I didn't even receive. The general feeling I got from them was &quot;Go away and leave me alone.&quot;To be fair, I didn't try to interact with everyone. But that's because the welcome I received from the ones I did encounter was so disappointing.There are dozens of hotels near Victoria Station. My advice is to spend more and find a better one, one with bigger rooms and a more polite staff.	
Aug 23 2009 	Ferragosto 2009		
Jul 30 2009 	Un pessimo hotel che fà passare la voglia di andarci		
Jul 9 2008 	Quel souvenir !!! On en rit encore !		
Jul 2 2008 	?????		
Jan 26 2007 	Ne vous fiez pas à la façade		
