Nov 12 2009 	Great base for working/ sightseeing in london	This place is really chill and in an amazing location. It's easy to get to from Heathrow on the tube (3 min walk from Earl's Ct Tube), yet it's on a quiet street. Lots of coffee shops and restaurants on Earl's Ct. road a block away. I had a really bright and airy room with own bathroom. Everything was clean. The breakfast is only cereal and toast, but there's a M&amp;S and a Tesco a block away and they're happy to store yogurts, etc in the fridge for you. And I really liked Lucianda, the proprietor, who held my key for me and buzzed me back in when I went running in Holland Park every morning. It's not the kind of place where you want to spend the whole day in your room - but it's a really nice and comfortable place to come back to in the evenings.	
Nov 9 2009 	AVERAGE LONDON BUDGET HOTEL. GOOD AREA. GOOD VALUE AND COZY ENOUGH BUT VERY POOR BREAKFAST	The Merlyn Court is located in a classy area of London - Kensington - and is very near the Victoria and Albert Museum (a must-see in London) and a few steps away from. The exteriors are very nice, it's a classical London house. All houses in this street/area have beautiful red bricks and bow windows and stuff. The hotel is welcoming in itself, full of books for guests to read, clean and tidy, though some rooms and bathrooms need a little refurbishing here and there. Although the single room on the 1st floor staircase landing has no bathroom, a sink and a mirror are inside the room: The room is quiet and comfy enough for a budget accommodation, but it's also quite cold, so you have to ask for an extra heater to cater for the hours the central heating is off. The bathroom on the same 1st floor staircase landing is very clean, but extremely uncomfortable, old, ugly and really freezing before you turn on the heat fan. We stayed at this hotel 1 year ago and got a double room with ensuite bathroom on the 1st floor, which was OK although the room was really small. On both occasions we have found the hotel to be very clean and the staff friendly. Staff are OK and helpful and so is the Italian manager, and they gladly keep food in the kitchen fridge for you or your children to have at breakfast. Which is a good idea.... considering that breakfast is actually a bit poor. Is it really that costly to add at least a glass of orange juice to the 5 pieces of cheap toast plus coffee/tea/milk and marmalade? Of course, if one wants quality, one has to pay for it and choose a different type of hotel, but considering that other similar hotels in London offer a better breakfast for the same price, I think the owner should really make an effort to improve this. Some soft music in the breakfast room would be great too, to make it a bit less 'sad'.....	
May 8 2009 	Basic average accommodations	We finished our trip with a return to London. Our first hotel was not available for this leg of the trip (4 nights), but we were able to find Merlyn Court.It offers clean, basic accomodations. The rooms are quite small (and we have stayed in small rooms). No lift. Staff was kind. I got sick during the trip. The staff made it a point to ask how I was doing, offer advice and helped when necessary. Location is good - very close to Earl's Court station, M&amp;S, and a Boots (and fast food, if you like). Even more important, very close to a couple of pubs! As 30-somethings, we liked the age range of the neighborhood. A few minuses - We had to move rooms during our stay. This meant we couldn't really settle into our room because we knew we had to move after 2 nights. They helped with the luggage thankfully, because we moved UP another floor!No TV, radio, or alarm clock in the room. Could be a good thing, especially on vacation, but I definitely felt out of touch with what was happening in the world. But I suppose that's what the metro publications are for!Lots and lots of rules posted - including no luggage on the beds. The rules made the hotel seem more &quot;hostel-ish&quot; than the other hotels we stayed out.Even with all the rules posted about not dragging luggage up/down the staircase in order to not disturb others, each morning we had kids playing in the hallways.Another good thing - easy access to Heathrow via the tube's Piccadilly line. Even with a lot of luggage among the 3 of us, we managed to make it to LHR no problem and relatively cheap!	
Sep 3 2008 	Worth the Money.	A friend of ours told us about this hotel. It's nothing fancy, but it is clean and very inexpensive for London. We stayed 3 weeks and enjoyed it. My room was on the main floor and was very quiet. the bed was comfortable. It had a pocket sized bathroom with it's own toilet &amp; shower. If you hate stairs, ask for 1 of the 3 main floor rooms. The owners were very helpful. I'd stay here again. Don't look for a fancy breakfast , you get either toast &amp; tea or museli and tea.	
Jun 6 2008 	Perfect place to stay in London	Lovely old building, excellent location (walking distance from a major tube stop), on a quiet street, near many restaurants and other amenities, and the price can't be beat. But most importantly, the owners and staff are some of the nicest people you're likely to meet.I stayed here in 2003 for all of the above reasons, plus it advertised &quot;absolutely no smoking.&quot; When I had the opportunity to return to London, I did not hesitate to call Merlyn Court.Breakfast is a simple affair, usually cereal and toast with tea or coffee. (They stopped serving hot breakfasts when their cook retired after 20 years.) There is no lift, so be prepared for stairs. They have singles, queens/doubles, triples, and quads, so they can accommodate every situation. Bring your own radio, and enjoy the TV lounge downstairs. Please don't expect five-star amenities, but if you're looking for a clean, comfortable, quiet stay that won't bankrupt you, this is the only option.P.S. Although not advertised, I could access wireless Internet throughout most of the building.	
Mar 30 2008 	Cheap hotel in London centre	A nice and quite cheap hotel, at least for London, one of the most expensive cities I have visited. But I had to go there for professional reasons, and the hotel location was important. This hotel is close to South Kensington, and you can go to Earl's Court station by walk. It is not luxurious, but it is clean and comfortable, so it was a good bargain.	
Dec 18 2007	Fine and dandy	Stayed here for a couple of nights, single room was ample in size and nice and tidy with wash-hand basen. Staff i founf to be excellent as I had recently lost my cashcard and they were very understanding. Liked the decor, but shower on 2nd floor wasn't very warm . One on 3rd floor worked a treat tho. Breakfast was small but understandable for a continental. (Earls court nearby has loads of options on the street).Would stay again as good location as well as being neat and tidy for price.	
Nov 7 2007 	Cheap enough but don't expect much	I stayed here for one night and I think that was the limit. I didn't expect too much for spending 40 pounds for the night so I wasn't too worried. The room was very small, and no tv or radio but again, what can you expect for 40 pounds.Shared bathroom and toilets and it is a long way up the stairs with suitcases.The room was clean enough and had its own sink but the bed was extremely uncomfortable. Luckily it was for only one night.The locaton was great, very close to Earls Court Station and access to heaps of facilities.	
Oct 17 2007 	Nice place to stay good quality at good price. Friendly staff.	Nice place to stay. Great location, very near the tube station.Friendly young staff.	
Oct 16 2007 	Low Cost Motel near Central London	The Merlyn Court hotel fills a specific niche: it's a low cost, clean motel near downtown London and the tube. For those people seeking inexpensive, no frills lodging in London - it works well. Our experience with the motel was fine. Our flight got in early in the morning, and they were nice enough to allow us to check in early. The room was clean, and relatively quiet. The only noises we heard were doors banging at night, but given the age of the building this is understandable. Facilities were en suite, and while small were functional.This hotel does not offer many amenities. Basically, you get a small room and a bed - not much else is included. We ended up buying our own travel alarm clock as there wasn't one in the room. There are no TV's in the room. There is a light breakfast, but it is served from 8-9. We were early risers, so were always gone before breakfast. Would I reccomend this place to other people? Yes - but I would make sure the people understood that this place is very basic. If you are expecting services and room features like a traditional hotel would have - I would have to encourage you to look elsewhere.	
Sep 21 2007 	Not too impressed	This is a budget hotel and I never expected too much to begin with, but I think the owner could have been a little more helpful and complained less. First of all, the key to our room didn't work. Then when we asked her about face cloths, she went on and on about how people might steal them. I thought this was kind of tacky. I had the feeling that she didn't really enjoy running the hotel. And it didn't make for a particularly pleasant stay. The only good thing was, while we were there, we checked out the hotel next door (St. Mark) and went to that hotel for our second night in town - a much better choice.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great place location perfect for our stay	Good location and great large room. Plenty of room for our tired feet. Ample room for luggage and nice high ceilings. Bathrooms were clean and good size bed and had a great view of the street. Staff allowed us to store our bags in our room when we did some morning sight seeing and then catch our train. Not far from Earl's Court station which was not far from Buckingham palace, Westminster Abbey, etc. Great fruit stand on Earl's Court street which we visited for breakfast every morning. They had wake-up calls which helped when our clock wasn't working. Good value and wouldn't mind staying there again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Nice location	Great location very near the Earl's Court tube stop , convenient to food stores and a variety of restaurants . Stayed on the 4th floor which was quite a climb since there is no elevator . Our room was plain but clean , staff is quite helpful and pleasant . We stayed 4 nights and oddly enough were issued 1 towel each for the entire stay . There was a 2 pound charge for any extra towel asked for . Breakfast was not much but that didn't really matter to us . The plusses far outweighed the minuses and we would definatly stay again .	
Jul 26 2007 	Hope to return to Merlyn Court Hotel	Give high marks to Merlyn Court Hotel for location, friendliness, good/fair pricing, clean &amp;comfortable room. Nice breakfast served in a cute, cozy room. Nothing fancy food wise, but how fancy is your breakfast at home? Good tea, toast, cereal and service with a smile - worked for us. Loved Luciana and staff - so hospitable in every way. Yes, lots of stairs, but actually less stairs than we encountered other places in Europe. Would be tough with more than the 14x22 inch suitcases most of our party had. Our room overlooked a little garden, it was nice and quiet. Great neighborhood, so close to the Tube (Earls Court) - hope to return soon.	
Jul 25 2007 	Lovely Stay	The hotel was wonderfully located, just a block from an Underground stop on a quiet street. I had a single, without a private bathroom. The bathroom was close by and always immaculately clean. The room itself was neat, clean, and spacious. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The only dissapointment was breakfast, which consisted only of tea/coffee, cereal and toast. However, given the price and its central location, it was definately a place I would stay again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good basic accomodations	Stayed 5 nights at the end of June. This is a good basic hotel with very limited amenities. The hotel provides a room with ensuite shower/wc. Everything was clean and in good condition. Location is good - one block to the Earl's Court tube station and good access to food shops, banks, etc. BUT there is a 2 pound charge to connect your room phone, no TV or radio in the room. If you are a single they give you one towel and one glass, but will provide another if asked. Breakfast is toast or muesli with tea or coffee. There is a 5% charge if you pay in anything but cash. This includes pound sterling traveler checks! Highly recommend paying in cash. Also the manager wants full payment for the stay when you check in.But it is a decent rate and clean and convenient.	
May 20 2007 	Excellent location	Have just returned from a great trip to London. On reading the reviews of Merlyn Court on Trip Advisor I decided to book in.Our room was a decent size, enough room for our cases and still room to walk around. The ensuite is small but completely usable, the shower had a few bits of mould in all the usual spots but nothing that freaked me out at all.The sheets were clean and the bed was comfortable.If you get one of the top rooms be prepared for a hell of a climb. Good exercise especially if you're lugging up a case.The hosts, Luciana and Joanna were both very nice and helpful.The breakfast which is included is very basic but it was fine. The muesli was abit flavourless but there was plenty of toast. The coffee wasn't great so I didn't drink it (to be expected though I think), there is a Coffee Republic just around the corner so headed straight there after brekky. I noticed somebody bought their own cereal in which they seemed fine about so if you were big on breakfast you could do that.The location is a winner. 5 mins walk if that to Earls Court station. A great pub a short walk away tucked down a side street opposite the station, the Kings Head. Good meals and a no smoking section. Good Italian and Indian restaurants close by.All in all I would totally recommend Merlyn Court as somewhere to stay at a decent price in London.	
May 9 2007 	very cute + very quaint b	I stayed at the Merlyn Court Hotel for a week. It is a very charming bed &amp; bath type of hotel. It's small, but not cramped at all. Everything was clean, the bed was really comfy. The bathroom in our room was pretty narrow but i did not find it bothersome at all. The shower was of a good size and the whole bathroom was very clean too. The price is great. The location is perfect because its only a few blocks away from the Earls Court tube stop. There are also lots of little restaurants, pubs, a pharmacy, an internet cafe, and a grocery store all within a few blocks. Best of all, you feel very welcomed in this hotel. Luciana was very friendly and so helpful with recommending places to eat and things to do.If I were to go back to London, I would absolutely come back here to stay, without a doubt! If your traveling on a budget, look no further because this is the place to be.	
Mar 26 2007 	Can't beat the Merlyn Court!	My husband and I spent part of our honeymoon in London, and our week at the Merlyn Court was fabulous! Check in was easy, Luciana is very friendly with lots of advice about the city (she even sent hot water to our room when my husband caught a cold and needed something to mix his British cold remedy into), and you cannot beat the location of the hotel (not only is it near the Earl's Station tube stop, but there are a lot of restaurants nearby as well as drugstores and grocery stores). The breakfast was filling enough for us and kept our weight in check as well. The room was small but not cramped, had a nice view of some gardens, was very nicely decorated, and very private (we were the only room on our floor -- we opted for our own bathroom, which was small as well, but again, not overly so). My only complaint was that it got a little chilly at night and the heater took a while to kick in, but that was a small price to pay for all of the wonderful things we experienced at the Merlyn Court Hotel. We probably wouldn't look to stay anywhere else on our next trip to London.	
Jan 16 2007 	Great Value	A very basic and no frills bed and breakfast hotel. I was looking for a cheap but clean hotel where I could leave my gear in safety during the day, I could get a good night's sleep and which was close to transport. I picked the Merlyn Court from traveller's review and I wasn't disappointed.Sure the rooms were small and there are lots of stairs. But I have paid over three times as much for exactly the same in other London hotels belonging to international chains.Cleanliness and safety are most important to me and the Merlyn Court gave me both. I didn't want (or get) a radio or TV. I didn't intend to do anything but sleep in the room so the very basic amenities were adequate.The hostess was very friendly and got to know her guests very quickly. I stayed 4 nights and saved a fortune and enjoyed my time in London.	
Dec 27 2006 	Cheers for Merlyn Court!	In the expensive London, this is a nice relief for both the traveller and the bank account. First, Luciana is very friendly and is helpful in regards to information about the city.The rooms are basic but clean and the bathrooms have hair dryers! (A big plus for budget travelers.)Breakfast consists of toast and tea or coffee which was fine for me. As the other reviews state - there is no elevator so if you are older or have trouble walking up stairs or have a large suitcase, it will be a little difficult as the staircase is quite narrow.	
Nov 28 2006 	Stay here and save money for the pubs.	Four of us stayed in a quad ensuite room for five nights over Thanksgiving weekend. Ours was on the top floor. This did not really matter to us, but if you do not like stairs be aware that there could be many. The room was quite functional for our purposes- four beds, clean, and enough space to get changed and go out. Typically, each night, we just went there to sleep. After showering in the morning we would take the tube around the city for the entire day. A good, cheap (for London) place to stay if you do not intend to spend time in the room. No real complaints, just remember to bring your own soap/shampoo and be aware that room service consists of making beds and emptying trash- towels (one per guest) will not be changed so remember to hang them up. I saved money by staying here and was able to spend more on eating, drinking, sightseeing, and buying gifts. Overall, our experience was pleasant and I would consider returning if my budget is similar next time.	
Nov 27 2006	Good choice for budget lodging	This is very, very basic lodging - don't expect much more in your room than a bed. Breakfast was little more than instant coffee, cold cereal, and toast. Phone calls, even local, are expensive.But it is impeccably clean, in a good location for tourists, and Lucy and her staff are wonderfully welcoming. For the price, an excellent choice in budget lodging.	
Nov 21 2006 	Merlyn Court Hotel - just fine	The place was a little run down, and our room was a bit cramped, and high up many flights of stairs. It seemed like there were lots of rules to staying there.But it was a good price for London, and we loved the location.	
Oct 20 2006	Simple Clean Great Location	Merlyn Court is a small, cozy affordable hotel 1 block from the Earls Court station. The location was perfect, we could walk to many of the key London sites and no matter how late we were out we could always take the tube back. Please note that there is no elevator so if you are unable to walk up stairs to the 3rd (top) floor you might want to ask for a room on a lower level when you book. The included breakfast was nothing more than toast, coffee, tea and oatmeal but we weren't looking for anything more.The hosts were very helpful and friendly.I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London on a budget.	
Oct 19 2006 	Quaint and friendly.	After bustling through the busy streets of London, it was such a pleasure to return to our quaint Hotel in South Kensington. The owners and staff were very friendly and helpfull, while the rooms were clean, tastefully decorated and quiet. We were able to completely relax in the Hotel, allowing us to recover for the next day in the hectic London city center. A very recomendworthy Hotel at a good price, where we shall certainly book whenever we return to London.	
Sep 16 2006	Probably best budget hotel in whole London	It was my third trip to london, and i've seen two other hotels in nearly the same pricelevel. It was the definetely best of them all. The price is absolutely not related to the service and comfortibility. You can get a LOT worse for more money ! London's hotels don't have the best image, especially compared to continental and US Standards, but this one really looks out of space in this city. The staff was always extreme friendly and helpful. We could check-in earlier, could leave our luggage after checking-out until leaving.There are some things, you just can't change in London : Relatively small rooms, and low water pressure in the higher stories. But you have to live with that if you don't pay 15.000 pounds per night. So if you don't have problems with stairs, don't want to waste money this is your choice. On my fourth visit i will stay there again.	
Sep 12 2006	Nice place	Reasonably priced (for London), clean, shower worked, room big enough for family of four, nice location but free on-street long term parking only possible at weekend. Breakfast a little disappointing (small bowl of muesli, toast and marmalade, tea or coffee and milk for the kids) but if they offered a full English breakfast they would charge more, you get what you pay for. Non-English staff friendly and helpful, Luciana who runs the place was a great help with maps, directions etc. Would probably stay here again.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great location but don't expect the Ritz	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights while my folks were over from Australia for a visit. Luciana, the hotel owner, was very friendly and liked to chat a lot in the mornings over breakfast.The hotel is pretty simple in fact it really is more like a guesthouse. And if you view it on that levl then it's a really excellent good value experience.The location is brilliant. Right near Earls Court but far enough back from Earls Court Road so you can get a good night's sleep.Be warned there are no lifts. My folks are a bit older so we managed to get them a ground floor room. All in all I'd recommend this place if you're after a simple, clean place to stay in London. The ritz it ain't.	
Jul 2 2006	i'm definitely coming back there!	I stayed there with my parents, my brother and my boyfriend for a whole week (8th to 15th april). We had 2 bedrooms (a triple &amp; a twin) with shower on the top floor. When we arrived at the hotel, we were very disappointed not only due to its exterior appearance but also to the employee who was at the reception desk.We also found the bedrooms too small comparing to what we had thought and seen first (on the Internet). It's true that the hotel is old and the space is very narrow, but we just wanted a clean place to sleep and to have a shower in the morning.We had gone to London to visit the city, not to stay at the hotel. And in fact that's what happened. We were out all day. We went out in the morning after breakfast (cereals, toast, coffee and milk - not plenty, but enough) and just came back late at night (9 or 10 pm, after dinner).London is a very expensive town, so this hotel is more than enough. We had searched online a lot before we went, and this one was the best. Besides, its location is perfect. Earl's court is a very busy area, with traffic, lights, people. It isn't dangerous at all and the hotel is very close to the underground station. And the underground is THE means of transport when you're in London as a tourist, of course.I have to tell you this: coming late at night, completely tired and cold, after walking all day, having the hotel keys and feeling the heat of the hotel is like coming home after a day's work. It's very, very good. Most of the time, we didn't even see the hotel staff, they just didn't bother us, but we knew they were there in case we needed them.Luciana is a very, very nice person. We really felt at home and everything was very clean.I strongly reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants to know London and wants to spend real money in historical attractions, food and gifts and not in their stay. PS - Each of us was carrying a trolley, the hotel has no lift and that was NOT a problem. It was just a minor detail. Moreover, physical exercise is good for our health, don't complain!	
Jun 18 2006	Great Value for Money Great Location Pleasant Staff	I was here for three days, in a single with shared bath. The staff was pleasant and helpful at every encounter. The room was small but comfortable, nicely furnished and decorated, and immaculately clean. The shared bath was only a few steps away from my room and I never saw, or heard, another person using it. It, also, was very clean. The Merlyn Court has done a lot with this building and location. They have greated a warm and friendly hotel. They are charging a very reasonable price, for London. The only place that they came up a bit short was on the brakfast, which is just coffee and toast. But don't worry. You can get a great breakfast for just 3 pounds at Benji's, which is only a minute's walk down to Earl's Court Road.I will stay here again. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 8 2006	Absolutely wonderful hotel for the budget traveler!	In total, I spent about 2 weeks at this hotel. I consider this little place to be a lucky find. If you're just looking for a comfortable, decent, and clean place for you to lay down your head at night, this is your sort of hotel. If, however, you want a bit more frill, this isn't for you. For example, the rooms do not have a television set in them. However, there is a lounge if you wish to watch tv. I traveled alone and was on a budget, so I picked the single with a shared bathroom. I figured that I could put the difference I would save from not getting an ensuite to better use... doing something fun or buying something nice. I have to admit, I did have concerns before leaving for my trip. I was a little worried, as I was traveling alone, if perhaps sharing a bathroom would be a bit unsafe. In that... perhaps I would be accosted during the night on my way to the bathroom. I envisioned all sorts of terrible predicaments. And now... I can tell you that I am delighted that I decided to save the cash. I stayed there nearly 2 weeks and only encountered someone using the bathroom, twice. The bathroom was always clean and both rooms I had (I stayed there for two periods) were quite close to the bathroom (which is great when you feel sloppy and gross in the morning and are eager to get to the shower before anyone has a chance to spot what you look like after you first awake!). So... the money you save makes this hotel attractive. I got a single without a bathroom, for only 40 pounds a night.  Another thing that makes this hotel really attractive is the location!!! Walk down the street and make a right and there is Earls Court Tube Station! This station is within zones 1 and 2, the most popular zones in London. The Earls Court line seems to be an integral one as it has connections to the District, Circle, and Piccadilly lines. All lines that seem to be very popular. Also, Earls Court has a little of everything you need to feel as comfortable as you would be at home. Drugstore, convenience stores, supermarkets, laundromats, Internet cafes, coffee shops... everything! Well, if I haven't sold you on this place, yet... I would also like to add that the people who work at the hotel, are very friendly. Especially Luciana. On my very last day in London, I was preparing to leave with a very heavy heart. Also, I had a dilemma. I had a flight out of Heathrow very late in the evening and didn't know what to do with myself until then, with all my luggage in tow. I need not have worried as when I was checking out, Luciana flat out offered to watch my luggage for me as I soaked in a last few hours of London. I thought that was really sweet and considerate of her. The hotel workers are just really helpful and seem to care that you are enjoying your trip. Overall: Great budget hotel and I would love to go back there.	
Feb 18 2006	Nice clean pleasent	Nice small place, near Earl's Court underground station. A clean place. Very pleasent staff, very helpful. Only draw back is they have changed breakfast so it is only tea, toast and cereal, not a large breakfast. Would stay there again.	
Jan 1 2006	Fit the Bill	Our family of five rented two rooms here for Thanksgiving week 2005, and we found it to be clean, well kept and charming with a very friendly and helpful staff. We were on the top floor, and there is no elevator - walking up four flights of steps several times a day is not for everyone, but it was OK with us.The hotel is very close to the Underground - do not under-estimate how important this is to a successful vacation in London. There is no TV in the rooms (an advantage if you ask me!), and the coffee and toast breakfast gets old, but the price is right, the location is great and we would stay there again.	
Dec 21 2005	Quaint and Run by a Charming Staff		
Dec 9 2005	Nice and comfortable		
Nov 24 2005	Small cheap. Didn't someone else say that?		
Nov 16 2005	Highly Recommend! (But pack light...)		
Oct 12 2005	Quiet and clean		
Oct 5 2005	Clean and Tidy; Pressed Linens		
Jul 12 2005	great!		
May 21 2005	cheap small but very nice		
Jan 23 2005	Value for money		
Apr 27 2004	"Great Location friendly staff		
Nov 11 2009 	Bien		
Oct 14 2009 	Ottima posizione buona accoglienza e disponibilità		
Aug 15 2009 	très correct		
Apr 16 2009 	ottima posizione ma...		
Mar 20 2009 	Ruhig zentral einfach preiswert		
Oct 25 2008 	Familiare pulito e molto tranquillo		
Sep 6 2008 	Soddisfatta di questo soggiorno		
Sep 29 2007 	un b		
Jul 7 2007 	L'Hotel della maleducazione		
Jun 2 2006	Günstiges B		
