	Trip in London	Great service quite friendly and helpfull staff The room we had was quite small but very cosy..English breakfast eggs and bacon wich i dislike but that is personnal ....What i like most is the location well situated in the heart of London and surrounded by old and Victorian buildings...This is how you want to see London and is diversity with different type of restaurant and prices are affordable ....	
Nov 24 2009 	A Fantastic Birthday Break!	I stayed at the Tudor Court Hotel for a week-long birthday celebration with my husband and we absolutely loved everything about it! Staff are excellent - friendly and completey service oriented. A real welcoming atmosphere with professionalism! The room was great, albeit, small, but very well appointed with modern facilities (loved the LCD flatscreen with Freeview in my room!)...Very comfortable. The Neighborhood is fabulous for shopping etc (the reason for my stay!) you are right in the heart of West London, so there is so many great shopping, restaurants &amp; museums etc to explore. You have great areas to see - Soho, China Town, The West End, East End, the list goes on! The Hotel is within walking distance of great restaurants, bars, shops. I found that travel around the city is very accessible without any hassle or stress. Loads of information is provided from the hotel, like I mentioned the staff are very approachable.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone! Breakfast is great! A great lounge/lobby seating area if you are waiting or just taking a rest from a busy days shopping-site seeing. Even when we had checked out and found that we had some extra time on our hands before our departure. The staff kindly stored our luggage safely for free! This was great as it gave us great relief and peace of mind to enjoy are final hours in London. Over all this is fantastic hotel and I strongly recommend it. I will definitely find an excuse for another trip to London in the near future!	
Nov 13 2009 	EXCELLENT ALTERNATIVE YOU SHOULD STAY	Location is great just near 200 metre from Paddington Station. There have been excellent hospitality, rooms are new refurbished. Clean, friendly I recommend definetly. I staed 4 nights. It is a reasonable price hotel with excellent location for London. Owner is Indian, and they are very friendly and helpfull. There is alot of nice restaurants arounds (italian, steak houses, mcdonald's, burger king..etc) and easy to reach from all airports.	
Oct 20 2009 	Clean great staff central great value for money	This hotel is family run and the service is great - it's a no fuss hotel which is incredibly central, it's clean, breakfast is great and the family have great local knowledge about where to eat, drink and visit. I keep going back and will. It's about 2 minutes walk from Paddington Station and there are loads of buses into the West End. IThey've suggested great places to eat and they're always right.	
Oct 19 2009 	A Tudor Court FanAfter four trips to London all at the Tudor Court I can honestly say that even if I won the	After four trips to London and the Tudor Court, I can honestly say that even if I won the lottery, I would not stay anywhere else. Mr. and Mrs. Gupta are warm and welcoming hosts and their staff is exceptional. The breakfasts are great and the location is perfect, close to Paddington Station, the tube and Heathrow Express. Norfolk Square across the street is a beautiful green space in the middle of a lively neighborhood...a walk in Hyde Park only a few blocks away. I will always look forward to another stay there. Pat (California, USA)	
Oct 13 2009 	Friendly and helpful owners/managers and great location!	We have stayed here twice and will always return. It is located truly one minute from Paddington Station, but looks out on a nice little park. Restaurants all around. The staff and owners and so VERY nice and helpful. The rooms are small, but clean and come with brand new big screen t.v.s. The included breakfast is good too! I certainly recommend staying here.	
Oct 4 2009 	Overpriced BAD Internet Service	I chose TC over others on Norfolk Square mainly for the free wireles. The 1st room they gave me got no internet reception at all, the second room - closer to lobby - it came and went and was very slow. Ultimately I went to the hotel next DOOR and PAID for a voucher to use their wireless, and it worked just fine! Wireless only works in the lobby of TC, and only sometimes. Rooms are tiny and beds are as hard as boards. I've stayed at several BnB's in and around Norfolk Square, and will never stay at TC Hotel again.	
Sep 28 2009 	central clean hospitable and affordable... I will stay again.. gabriel	I was only looking for a place to sleep as I was all day out but given its location, cleanliness, and friendliness of the stuff, not to mention the incredible price turned out to be a very pleasant experience. I will definitely come back. Gabriel	
Sep 28 2009 	My stay at The Tudor Court Hotel was First Class	I have to say I had a really lovely stay at the Tudor Hotel from start to finish. We were greeted by a friendly receptionist. He recommended a few places to go and booked our taxi for later on.The rooms are lovely, colourful and bright. They were clean and well equipped i.e. LCD flatscreens, hairdryer, iron etc. Because we stayed in the winter the room was nice and warm. V. cosy...but not too stuffy.The full english breakfast was great.I liked the fact that the hotel was quite central to the West End shops and the torurist attractions. The tubes and buses were just round the corner. Also there is a train that goes directly to Heathrow Airport from Paddington.I'm looking forward to staying there again this December.	
Sep 22 2009 	I always come back to the Tudor Court - friendly staff fantastic location	The Tudor Court is the best budget hotel I've stayed at. The rooms are always clean, the staff friendly and you sure can't beat the location - I've stayed here three times and am always a little sad to leave, (but always with a full tum from the great breakfast included!) and I always feel I've received excellent value for my money - highly and honestly recommended unless you're planning a trip when I go! I don't want to stay any place else!	
Sep 19 2009 	My stay was absolutely lovely great accommodation will be using hotel again	Excellent stay staff very helpful even down to finding me cheap all day parking for my vehicle. Will be using again as also very central to London. 5****	
Sep 14 2009 	It's like being at home	We arrived at Paddington station really tired, but the welcome attitude to recieved at this hotel made us forget about our long and exhausting journey, the changes that's been made to the hotel, since our last stay, are excellent, rooms very clean and cosy. I would be recommending it to anyone, it's like I have my own home in the heart of London.	
Sep 13 2009 	We will definitely be returning to Tudor Court Hotel. Very warm and friendly atmosphere and the owners are so helpful!	We will definitely be returning to Tudor Court Hotel. The staff were warm and friendly and the owners were so helpful and accommodating. Our double was clean and a great price for an on-suite in such a central London location.Will be recommending to friends visiting London.	
Sep 13 2009 	Helpful staff comfortable accomodation good base for travelling throughout London or indeed passing through	Being aware of the current climate, admire the efforts being made to update the hotel ready for 2012	
Aug 3 2009 	freiendly hotel and well located	I was travelling to London on holiday, and booked on recommendation to the Tudor Court. It was great value for money and also offered a full english breakfast. It is close to the tube and the west end and offers a variety of rooms according to your budget. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	IDEAL	Stayed at Tudor Court five times now.After reading some of the other reviews I have always found the hotel to be clean.The staff friendly and ideally situated close to Paddington Underground and train station this presents the noise from the underground but you cant have it all and its hardly the hotels fault.Will continue to use the hotel in future when I am in London!	
Aug 3 2009 	lower your expectations!	The photos look great and many of the reviews are positive so steel yourself for tiny rooms, threadbare carpet on the stairs and mediocre food. We almost walked out when we saw our miniscule room. You can probably do better than this hotel - there are many others in the street to choose from. Breakfast? It was only on Day 3 that we found out you can have cereal (you have to ask for it) and that you can specify how you want your eggs cooked. The toast comes in a variety of shades from white to charcoal and don't bother asking for wholemeal. Our room was noisy from street traffic and smelly from smokers in the street below. We had nowhere to put our bags and played Tetris around one another negotiating the narrow spaces to get from bed to bathroom etc.On the plus side - it's a convenient location, we had a good-sized flat screen TV with good reception and the bathroom was clean. My advice ... keep looking!	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent value for money	I was travelling with my brother and his girlfriend and we stayed in a triple room. Simple but confortable, nice English breakfast, very central and good value for money... What else could we ask for? I had booked 2 months ago when I just recently read the bad review and was slightly worried about bad comments. But staff were actually very friendly and amenities clean.	
Jul 5 2009 	excellent location	I had made a lot of research on the Net before actually booking this hotel and Trip Advisor was of great help to me. I booked a triple for 99 GBP! I believe it could have cost less, regarding its condition (some improvements still need to be done!!!) BUT its location is really great. Tube, station, Hyde Park, Sightseeing buses stop just around the corner!!!One Question: Why do hotels need carpeted floors, stairs etc when carpets ALWAYS look dirty ???	
Jun 28 2009 	ONLY RENT IT IF YOU NEED GOOD LOCATION	The reason i stayed on this hotel because my hotel agent, STUDIO 92, didn't make my booking with the hotel i want, so i end up amost sleep on street, thank god this hostel has some room. i cannot said that is hotel but hostel with breakfast. there is no private bathroom for us, so we have to share it with others. however, that is a very big basic bathroom but need some more facility on it. the room is very small, only 1 person can move. it is very hot and humity when you back from your visit. Clean is average, not very bad....at least there is no insect visit us.......there is no lift, so if you don't have big and many luggage, it is ok to stay. We have 3 big luggages, and 3 handbag, and my mom's leg is not good to walk 6 floor stair, so it is a terrible experience. we only stay for 2 night and switch to something else.it is also very noisy area, there are many resturant and bars around and people stay around very late night......if you just want 1 night, good location, it is not that bad, the price for us trible room is $78 pound per night, fair	
Jun 18 2009 	Friendly family	Managed by a friendly and extremely helpful Indian family and staffed by a mix of Polish and Brit workers, the basic B&amp;B hotel scores from the point of view of location and cost, two crucial reasons that drew me to the place, apart from the Indian connection.The location is convenient, in west central London and within a couple of minutes walking distance from the tube station though the sound of the passing trains can be intrusive. As for the tariffs, the starting price of 39 pounds for a single basic room is competitive in frightfully expensive London. But the frugal though clean room is cramped and squeezing into bed is a good work out for the contortionist. It’s great if you want to a place to crash at night but for added ‘value’ and creature comforts, be prepared to lighten your wallet for something more substantial somewhere else.	
May 12 2009 	Best choice for spending a nice weekend in London.	Last month my sister and I spent a weekend in London. We chose Tudor Court Hotel to have a place to sleep after doing a lot of sight seeing. ;) We still are very contently with our choice.The rooms are a little bit small, but that is more than ok if you do not plan to spend hours in the hotel. The staff is very, very nice and helpful. You can ask anything and will be helped.Paddington station, from where you can take different tube lines to arrive whereever you want, is in a two-minute-walk just round the corner. There you can also take Heathrow Express or Heathrow Connect to arrive back at the airport when your trip is over, which is very comfortable especially when your plain leaves early in the morning. It takes just 15-25 minutes. Tudor Court Hotel is at Norfolk Square which is a very nice area in London. There you can find a number of pubs and small restaurants and it is a short walk to Hyde Park.All in all I would say, that we chose the right hotel and would choose it again and again, when we decide to visit this beautiful town again.	
Apr 19 2009 	All that 3 weary travellers really needed	Tudor Court Hotel is a old-fashioned London B&amp;B which was excellent value for money. Yes the room was small and the decor dated, but the beds were comfortable and clean, there was space to put your cases, good mirrors for getting ready in the morning, a TV, central heating and a tiny but spotlessly clean en-suite. The staff were terrific, especially the ladies who cooked the breakfasts - which were included in the price. The location is excellent, tube around the corner and you can stroll down to Hyde Park. We stayed there twice and would again next time we're in London and just need a place to sleep and shower.	
Mar 23 2009 	Really satisfied!!	I went to London for a girly week-end with 2 friends. We just stayed one night in this hotel. We had a triple room en-suite. I was really worried before because the man I got on the phone when I booked was really abrupt and wasn't really answering my questions. When we arrived this man was still abrupt but we appreciated the cleanliness of the whole hotel, our room (one double bed and one single bed) was fine, we had towels with little toiletries on each bed.The bathroom was really small ( not recommended for tall people) but clean.During the night, it's not too noisy (we can still hear what's happening outside) but not completely quiet.The english breakfast was fine, you can ask for more toast or coffee/orange juice. People serving were friendly.We enjoyed our stay and won't hesitate to go back to this hotel which is one minute walk from Paddington station.	
Jan 3 2009	friendly stuff	We stayed there for 5 days. It met our expectations, it is a cheap price, three beds to sleep and a bathroom (though shared). The best was the stuff, almost everyone was very kind	
Sep 3 2008 	Too close to the Underground	This hotel is very conveniently close to Paddington station, but the corresponding downside is that you can hear and feel the trains go past. Also, as others have mentioned, the rooms are cramped and shabby.	
Aug 1 2008 	"Don't if you can help it..."	This was our first visit to London and it left a sour taste in our mouths. Although location was good for public transport, the rooms were nasty! The bathroom was unreasonably small and had hairy remains from the previous occupants. I felt as if I was taking a shower in a cylindrical hole in the wall. The hallways had a lingering smell of curry. The host was a horrible man. He watched us like a hawk and even had the audacity to rudely question our stay. The host was discriminating - based both on our age and nationality. The hostess tried to rip us off on arrival, asking us to pay for our accommodation again and would not give up until we produced the receipt from our internet transaction. The only good thing about the Tudor Court Hotel is the cleaning/breakfast ladies and the hearty breakfast they served. I hope the ladies find somewhere nicer to work!	
Apr 25 2008 	Basic hotel but great location	We stayed here while on a European trip. We come from Australia so we were used to spacious room. We arrived at the hotel after hours and were checked-in by the hotel manager, and he upgraded our room to one with our own shower because we were staying for 5 nights. A standard room has only a TV and two single beds with a shared toilet and shower down the hall, with a lock that has seen better days. Our upgraded room had a shower and a basin.The safe didnt work and the heating made the room extremely hot and stuffy that we kept the window open all the time in the middle of winter. Find a comfortable temperature was difficult. I felt a bit concerned as to the safety of belongings as our door had a loose lock on it and no working safe meant we had to keep our valuables on us throughout london. The location is fantastic, 50metres from paddington underground station. The hotel is located in norfolk square with a lovely garden in the middle, which you can look onto from your room. this also meant noise was at a minimum. There was many resturants and convenience stores within 100 meters, including a Sainsburys in paddington station.The breakfast is a basic sausage, bacon, egg and beans, which is served with orange juice and toast, we only had this once as it was quite poor qualilty.Overall a great hotel if your only there to sleep and dont mind sharing facilities, but I would definitley upgrade to a shower room.	
Mar 27 2008 	Excellent location but....	The location is excellent but I wish the hotel is much better...felt like i had been imprisoned for my stay.Host is unapproachable but seems friendlier to non-Asians. The breakfast ladies are however friendly, cheerful and helpful, hence make the breakfast time bearable.My room doesnt come with toilet/bathroom and it was hell having to go down 2 floors each time as the toilet/bathroom at the floor below has a spolit lock and non-working shower control (only boiling water for bathing!). Though free wireless internet access, but I cant get any access in the room. Ended up sitting on the stairs which I also got company of other guests especially from upper floors who was frustrated at the intermittent or non-existent wireless	
Mar 4 2008 	It is clean and the staff is accomodating but.....	Having checked the reviews on this site, I was not expecting much. I have to agree that if one is expecting American style size and service, the Tudor Court is NOT the place to stay. However, the staff was very kind, the rooms and the hallway accessed shower stall and toilets clean, and the breakfast hot and flavorful. With the American dollar at an all time low, and prices in London being so high, the Tudor is a good value.American visitors best beware of the lack of services that we take for granted and for very low prices we are used to in the U.S.Thank you staff of the Tudor Court.	
May 10 2007 	Fairly Standard Budget Hotel	While there's nothing particluarly wrong with this hotel there's also nothing particularly outstanding about it either. Transport Links are good and the hotel was clean and tidy but you can do a lot better for your money.	
Mar 12 2007	Great location for public transport	I stayed at this hotel for 8 nights in Jan 2007. The immediate area is literally door-to-door hotels so I moved to this hotel after they offered me a good bargain on a double room. They even gave me free access to their wireless internet. They really should publicly offer WiFi as a patron incentive since it basically cost them nothing and the surrounding hotels seem to want to charge for it. Breakfast is only available from 7-9am which is not always convenient. My room was quite nice although they seem to be a bit stingy with towel replacement and soap.The Paddington area is a great place to stay for its transport connections. The tube station and various bus lines are a really short block away. Bus #15 is good to get to many of the popular London attractions. Heathrow Express is also right there.This hotel is far from the finest I've ever stayed at but London nowadays is really expensive (for Americans in particular). I think this hotel offers good basic value for the money. If your really picky about your accommodations, there are other hotels in the area (obviously for more money) that you could choose.	
Nov 8 2006 	The worst London hotel ever	This hotel is awful. Stayed for just one night and would never ever stay there again, nor recommend anyone else does.To begin with, we were checked in by some guy dressed in his bath robe and slippers. Then when we got to our room I felt like Harry Potter in a cupboard under the stairs. The entrance to the room, was literally under the stairs and you had to lean to one side to get through the door. I'm aware that properties in London try to fit rooms where ever they can, but this twin room was so small it was ridiculous. Not only that, but it was dirty. The bed covers had stains on and the floor had obviously not been vacuumed recently.The bathroom was about the size of an airplane toilet with a very small space allocated for the share, and that is no exageration.No idea what the breakfast was like as I was deffinately not going to risk it.DON'T STAY HERE!	
Jul 22 2006 	Typical budget hotel but good location	I have stayed at five budget hotels near Paddington Station, and this hotel is typical of the class: The room was dreary and cramped and the furnishings old and tired. However, several things are worth noting: First, the location is terrific. It is on a beautiful leafy square with nicely kept gardens, but it is just around the corner from Paddington with all of its attendant services. Second, the &quot;en suite&quot; bathroom was not just a one-piece fiberglass insert; it actually had free-standing fixtures (such as they were). Third, our room came with a full English breakfast, which I thought was quite good. This place is not for the fastidious, but it isn't a bad choice for the low-budget traveler.	
May 10 2006 	Cheap and most definately not cheerful!	I guess with hindsight you get what you pay for! I needed a single room to attend a recruitment fair and what I got was the worst room I have every stayed in. The room was as long as the single bed and I could touch both walls sideways, the sink was broken and &quot;the private shower room situated outside the room&quot; was down two flights of stairs and shared with about ten other rooms (not that I had any trouble getting in there I don't think anyone else was staying in the hotel), oh yes and it was dirty (the room, bathroom and even the bedding). Breakfast was okay but the coffee tasted of smoke! All in all do yourself a favour and book into a Travel Inn or some other low cost chain or alternatively book into a hostel for really cheap accomodation, they can't be any worse than this! I'd also steer clear of any other hotels in this area, from the outside they all look very similar.	
Oct 10 2009 	Una opción excelente para viajeros		
Jul 12 2009 	Sauber freundlich superzentral		
Oct 10 2008 	Fue como el timo de la estampita		
Jan 12 2008 	Grauenvoll und überteuert!		
Aug 22 2007	epouvantablement sale		
