Oct 14 2009 	Not as advertised	Agree with most of the reviews. Place is not at all as depicted on website. Room was freezing cold, toilet seat broken, everything felt dirty. Was with a group of 10. Luckily we found an alternative and only had to spend one night. I felt sorry for the staff, seemed very nice, they looked sad when we left.	
Jul 7 2009 	Count Dracula's Den	Not too bad, but I won't come back to it again, not for summer anyway..If you do not mind the dark interiors, red sofa &amp; whole place darted with candles and Gothic like lobby.... this might be the place you want to be. It is less than 2 mins walk from Sloane Sq, just behind Peter Jones... and minutes away from Kings Road. I was after location, but was a little bit put off with the stuffy rooms and interiors of it all. Not a place you want to be when heatwave has hit London, while Wimbledon is on and everyone wants to be outside. It has a tiny terrace with a black &amp; white striped marquee... and black candles... Waited very long for coffee or tea to be served on the Terrace. Strange way to serve ice tea - came in a jug and gave you no glasses but in bone china tea cups..They have some very nice friendly members popping in for week day lunches... Solo travellers are OK here. You wouldn't feel too lonely...Rooms are very expensive 295 GBP per night (and was told they already gave me a discount) Hot water in bathroom took long long time to come... do not stay on the top floor.Service: OK - 5/10Concierge : 8/10Food: 3/10 (better not eat breakfast there)	
May 30 2009 	great location the hotel could be better.	Having been a long standing, happy customer at the old London Outpost of Bovey Castle, now closed and previously located around the corner, imagine my dissapointment when I checked in at 11 Cadogan. Another reviewer mentioned that that the decor reminded tham of a brothel..indeed, it could be seen that way. It is very heavily draped, dark woodwrok everywhere, trying to be trendy and nightclubby. Thankfully the common rooms are not the same decor as the guest rooms, which are much more conventionally done. In the daylight you can see that the place needs a good scrubdown. I originally booked a single room at a fabulous rate, having heard great things about 11. But that was BEFORE the renovation and the new owner. After presenting my club card....which should have automatically signalled a complimentary upgrade, I was taken to the dungeon through twisting turns and stairscases, wondering if I'd ever get out should there be an emergency. The room I was presented had a dirty, poorly laid rug, droopy bed, a window that viewed the service mechanisms, a ten year old TV with no remote, and a positively skanky bathroom with a stand in plastic shower that I feared using! I sat and thought for a moment and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves. I rang the front desk and politely asked for a better room, reminding the staff about the upgrade. To my relief, I was provided with a nice comfortable room with full bath. This second room was closer to the level I had come to expect from SLH, Relais Chateaux, or other boutique type club hotels. I had an uneventful night with a great room service meal in the evening, prepared to my specifications. In the end, it was an OK stay, but the decor is not to everyone's taste, that's for sure. The location is tops, the neighbourhood safe for single women, and the staff is friendly, if not a bit slow on the uptake. There are a few kinks to be worked out, but the value is worth the minor snags. I did cancel my return booking and head to 22 Jermyn for the duration of my trip....I'll try them again next year. Maybe they'll have the kinks worked out by then.	
Nov 26 2008 	Perfect Tasteful Private and Luxe	I read reviews here and other places but was won over, choosing this rather than another hotel, because of the fast reply (I had considered another hotel in South Kensington but was put off by being quoted a different rate on the web than the email). At first I thought my single seemed small but it REALLY grew on me, and it was big enough! The walls were upholstered in toile, and I was under a mansard, so a cozy slant over the bed. The tiny bathroom was all done in marble, with a heated towel rack and a terry robe. Free wi-fi-- at first could not get it to work but then it did, and perfectly. every day the maid tidied up and then turned down the bed. Room service was prompt, food excellent.Because I had so many meetings I only had one meal in the dining room, but the room is gorgeous, with white upholstered chairs, walls covered with black and white photos of celebs... Gorgeous public rooms, a library with purple and red chairs, a beautiful room to have tea in, a garden room with patio chairs, lovely tucked away public rooms everywhere. The elevator was the old fashioned kind with a gate and two doors, and staff was always rushing to open and close it, but the wooden stairs were also grand, with portraits everywhere and purple stairs. The gothicness, with the red velvet curtains and candles and velvet, REALLY appealed to me, as did the rush to make sure I was happy and pleased, eagerness to run an errand, post a letter, help me out.I almost don't want to write this review because I dread everyone knowing about it and it becoming more expensive (what happened to Number Sixteen in South Kensington, once a sweet little find, now an expensive place...)The food was nouvelle, tasteful, excellent. Everything was a cut ABOVE what I expected, and there was charm, atmosphere. Jo Malone products in the bathroom. A real find. I would stay there again without a doubt. The location can't be beat, too.	
Nov 10 2008	detestable place	For those of us who have been customers of the old Number Eleven Cadogan, the new hotel is a sad surprise. All the charm of the comfortable London house we knew is lost; the new decoration reminds me of a cheap brothel, with velvet and red lights and burning candles as from a horror movie. the library is presided by a large plasma tv screen in a gilded frame. The lovely furniture has been discarded, and you won't find any longer the afternoon tea and cake, the whisky and drinks. Breakfast is a mouse trap; you can either have a continental breakfast at 15.00 GBP or a Simple Breakfast at 8.00 GBP; unless you require it to be served in your room you will be directed to a squalid buffet which will allow them to charge you 15 pounds for a piece of cheese and some fruit.Number Eleven Cadogan was the best address in Sloane; now it's an appalling caricature of a trendy hotel.	
Oct 6 2008	Gorgeous jewel box – 11cadgoan hotel	What a great experience I had! The hotel itself is like a jewel box: luxury but not overwhelming, elegant, full of pleasant surprises. My favourite part is the blue conservatory back to the drawing room. The patio next to it is brand new and very lovely. Staff member is very friendly…I also love the great location, with Harrods, Harvey Nikcs and many other shops &amp; cafes nearby, South Ken tube station was a five minute walk away.I would come back.	
Oct 5 2008 	11 Cadogan Gardens - imaginative decor true boutique ambiance	This hotel is a delightful, unexpected discovery...breaks through the sameness of luxury hotels. Beautiful fabrics and bold furnishings catch the eye at every turn. It is quirky yet comfortable. The 'Design' ambiance is intriguing not offputting...ornate with many cosy corners. I saw people enjoying tea in 3 different sitting areas.I felt as though I had entered a private club where I was the favourite member. Nicely welcomed at the entrance, I was escorted to a lushly drapped reception area. The young ladies at checkin were lovely and friendly.My room was large and traditionally decorated with many upmarket touches. Very comfortable and calm.The hotel has a delightful bar and an absolutely stunning, all white dining salon. The barmen and servers were all attentive and friendlySo, while I'm sure 11 Cadogan Hotel is not for eveyone, I welcome the idea to stay someplace unusual. The location a few steps off Sloane Square was ideal for me.	
Oct 3 2008 	Loved it and so did our kids	We stayed with our two little girls and we had a great stay. the new restaurant was very plush and I felt a little worried about whether the staff would let our girls eat in there, I couldn't have been more wrong, they changed the beautiful tall crystal goblets for little glasses that 4 year olds can handle and cooked up cheesy pasta whilst hubby and I feasted on more gourmet fare.The hotel hasn't quite finished its refit but I loved the funky new look.We will be back!Tthe Corcorans - Buckinghamshire	
Sep 30 2008 	false advertising	checked in to 11 to find out that the rooms shown on the website don't actually exist, they show how it will look one day, not present day! the website also talk about how great their spa is but that's not built either. we checked out within 15 mins.	
Aug 17 2008 	Oh that is a nice address..	One of the Harrod's doormen, in putting us in a taxi, said &quot;Oh, that is a very nice addess&quot;. Which it is, just about a perfect location; one block from Sloane Square, ten minute walk from Knightsbridge. Since we never stayed at the &quot;old&quot; Number Eleven, we have nothing to compare our experience to. We found the lobby decor somewhere between avant-garde and over the top. But our room was outstanding, and the staff excellent and accomodating.	
Jul 29 2008 	Number 11 has changed!	I have been going to Number 11 for 35 years and have always loved the very British interior. While a hotel, it gave you the impression you were in a home and the full cream teas were the best in London and the breakfast served to your room was piping hot and beautifully done. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Throughout the years the staff remained – a sign of very good hotel management (both staff and clients were happy). I went back to Number 11 this weekend. I had been in December of last year and noticed they were doing redecoration – which is totally normal. However, what I found in returning was a VERY DIFFERENT HOTEL. The decoration was done more in modern haunted house – all the wood had been stripped and painted very black, the colours on the walls were deep purple and the curtains were in deep brocade red. The sitting room had a number of burning candles – which is normally such a nice touch but with the current decorations only made the hotel look more sinister. For the two days we were there, we saw none of the former staff members. The new staff, while very nice and accommodating, they did lack some of the professionalism one was used to at Number 11.In checking out, I asked if the hotel had changed owners. The reply from the desk clerk (yes, now there is a hotel front desk!) was that it had been taken over by a new owner who had redecorated it. When I indicated that the old clientele might not appreciate the new, very dark, decoration, she responded that the new owner was looking to change the clientele. I suggested that they could have informed the old clients before coming of this decision. When I went downstairs to the dining room and looked at the pictures on the walls, I would not suggest you take children to the hotel.Oh, one last thing, the price has also gone up. For one night stay (granted a family suite) cost us almost 1000 pounds sterling… Needless to say, they have lost at least one customer.	
Jun 1 2008	Hotel has changed completely	I have stayed at Eleven Cadogan Gardens on a regular basis for some twenty years. People reading these reviews should be aware that the hotel has a new owner who has changed it drastically. The last couple of times I was there, the place was a construction site. Charming old furniture has been discarded, much of the staff has left, and the decor has been altered completely. There is a reason that the only pictures of the hotel on this site are of the exterior of the building -- that is the only thing that has not changed. With regret, I have switched to another hotel in the same neighborhood as my &quot;home from home&quot; in London.	
Jun 1 2008 	Oh dear - they've designed the soul out of this charming hotel!	Having stayed at No. 11 on a couple of occasions before and really enjoyed it, we were looking forward to a few days in this lovely part of London. As soon as we stepped over the threshold though, we started getting worried. Whereas previously No. 11 had real old-fashioned charm and style, the entrance was now dark and unwelcoming, seemingly lit only by reflections off the gilt chandeliers and reproduction &quot;boudoir&quot; armchairs. The kind and welcoming porters in their white jackets have been replaced by staff dressed in an attempt at urban überchic - black shirts, black trousers. A quick glance into the drawing room revealed - oh horror of horros - a flat-screen TV hanging on the wall in a gilt frame.Happily the decoration in the room had not been tampered with, but our room overlooked the inner shaft and echoed with the incessant throb of the kitchen ventilation. Interestingly, the new porter commented on this fact with a &quot;Oh, it is noisy, no?&quot;.Our next disappointment came the following morning when we went down for breakfast. Hitherto, the dining room was a light and inviting room. Now, the walls are over-filled with paparazzi-style photos and the new furniture was certainly no improvement over the old.Sadly, the make-over has - in our opinion - taken the soul out of the hotel. Yes, the carpet in the entrance used to be a bit threadbare - but did the designer need to try and replicate the over-styled, over-gilt and utterly charmless places you find the world over? The very fact that No. 11 used to be so different from the faceless hotels you can find in any city was the essential part of its attraction.	
Jan 27 2008	Splendid	I just stayed at 11 Cadogan Gardens for a few nights while traveling in London. At first, I wasn't too happy about going to London given the weather. However after staying at this property, my whole experience on this trip changed.The rooms are very well appointed, although a bit beaten. I had a fireplace in my room which was an amazing amenity to counter the damp London days. We faced a small park in the back off the street and enjoyed sitting in our room with the windows open taking in the fresh air.The area is equally wonderful with many shops and cafes down by Kings Road. Cadogan Gardens itself is an amazing English Garden type of community in the heart of London. I would definitely stay here again and now look forward to going back to London.	
Sep 13 2007 	Make your stay really English at N11	I stayed at N11 last week end with my family and some relatives and we all enjoyed it very much. Chelsea is my preferred neighbourhood in London anyway, but this hotel is special since you feel like staying in a real English home. I like the building, the decoration, the linen, their breakfasts in classical English china, and the service. For sure I will go back.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Experience	Eleven Cadogan Gardens is like visiting your old rich aunt who leaves in 19th century splendor. The hotel was, in by-gone days, a stately mansion in the middle of the city. Now it houses one of the most sublime experiences to be had in London. Now, don't expect &quot;corporate hotel&quot; glitz. There is no glitz. Just warm, understated, highly personalized service and comfort.The staff is invisible - until you need them. They appear with the press of a button. The walls are wood paneling, aged and beautiful. There are old paintings everywhere. The furniture is down-filled and covered in silk damask. But the attention and service are on a par with the finest hotels anywhere.This is definitely a place I'll return to.	
Jul 19 2006	ELEVEN CADOGAN GARDENS	We've stayed at 11 Cadogan Gardens every time we visit London, but I was never a member of Trip Advisor before, so this is my first &quot;review&quot;. There is no hotel like this one. As others have said in their posts, it is more like coming home to your own palatial London address than staying in a commercial establishment. And for those few who were offended by the &quot;stains&quot; on the rugs and the age of the furnishings--we love the age and beauty of this place. If the carpeting isn't brand new and spanking clean, it's only because so many feet have danced with joy over these floors before ! If you want to experience London as a true Englishman (albeit a wealthy one) rather than a tourist, this is the place.	
Apr 28 2006	what a great experience !	stayed there this month and enjoyed very much! all the staff made feel me very welcomed and were very helpful. Big thank you for the night porter for his &quot;discret&quot; service. will be back soon.	
Jan 25 2006	Best Hotel Experience in London	We've stayed everywhere from Claridges to Gore, but nothing compares to Number Eleven. The perfect experience begins when you enter, to find no signs whatsoever that you're in a hotel at all. It's a beautiful 19th century townhouse, beautifully, elegantly decorated. You are greeted by a butler in white uniform, who promptly takes your bags to your room, as if you are the property owner and they were awaiting your return. Suite number 5 is really wonderful, two rooms, quiet, very comfortable bed, elegant and luxurious bathroom. My only complaint is that the sofa is too short to stretch out on. Room service is prompt and proper. I can't say that the restaurant's food is first class, but everything else about the hotel is superb. And here's the topper: the evening after we returned to the states, we got an email from the hotel porter, telling us that they found my wife's wallet, filled with money (with London prices as they are, I can't imagine how she saved a pence!). And they shipped it to us. If you appreciate traditional elegance, fine and discreet service, no pomp and circumstance, no pompous guests with loud parties or egomaniacs with deplorable bodyguards (as I always see at Claridges), this is your place. It is positively our favorite.	
Oct 13 2005	Vastly Overrated and Expensive	On the recommendation of friends, we spent two nights at 11 Cadogan Gardens on our way home from two weeks in Italy. Upon check in, we were very surprised by the shabbiness of the place. While the common rooms were large and gracious, the carpeting was threadbare and stained throughout the place and much of the wood baseboard trim was badly worn. We were initially checked into a large double that was on the first floor the door to which fronted on the large common sitting room. We asked to be changed and were given a very large double on the third floor that had the same industrial fan as the previous reviewer experienced. The room was fairly near one of two central staircases, this one quite old. Whenever anyone walked up or down the stairs, it sounded like someone was remodeling the room next to us. As many businesspeople stay here, it started quite early in the morning. While the room was large and the bathroom very nice, we could not get past the shabbyness. In addition, it is very expensive. Our room cost $325 British Pounds, or $585 per night, plus tax. For that amount of money, you can surely do better, even in expensive London.	
Oct 2 2005	Beware 	This hotel is not as it is portrayed on its web site. When we arrived we had to drag our suitcases up the steps when a man in a white coat (looking much like a butcher) apologized and checked us in. We immediately noticed that the place was very dirty, and the rugs had huge stains and were in need of replacement. We were shown to a room on the 2d floor and when we got there a maid was on her knees scrubbing the floor. We noticed a huge fan in the room that looked like something you would use in a barn and I asked if the room was air conditioned (it was not). I was aware that some of the rooms were not air conditioned, but was told that the level of room I booked did have a/c. So I asked for another room and was shown to a small room in the back overlooking the roof of another building that had a window a/c. The room was very tiny and not what I had booked so we checked out. The manager that I spoke with during this check in was rude and snarly. This place is really not a nice hotel at all and I would stay away at all costs. We went across the street to the Draycott Hotel which was great!	
Sep 9 2005	Spring for the large suite	My family and I thorougly enjoyed this hotel. It is more like staying in a wealthy Londoner's home than staying in a hotel. The largest suite in the hotel is incredible. Beautiful large bay windows looking onto a charming neighborhood square. A massive sitting room and bedroom. Two bathrooms with marble and large English bathtubs. The art, books, nic nacs made the whole experience a true London experience.The staff is very good but I suggest that the beautiful blonde girl who occassionally mans the front desk smile more and be less grumpy with customers.The breakfast is a real treat. I can't think of going to another London hotel but I recommend springing for the large suite.	
Jul 17 2005	lovely jewel of a hotel	No. 11 is an elegant, discreet and lovely town-home hotel. The interiors (public spaces and rooms) were comfortable and beautiful-furnished with antiques and soothing colors. The room bathrooms were sparkling clean and each done in a little different marble. We had the family suite with our four children.The staff had to be the most pleasant and helpful I have ever found in a hotel. They have an elegant dining room where fresh fuit, juices, croissants...are served each morning.Although this is not an inexpensive hotel, it was less than the bigger London hotels in its' class. The No. 11 was a big city oasis. I would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2005	A Jewel in Chelsea	This feels less like staying in a hotel than visiting a very grand home. For a North American who is accustomed to the sterility of even the best chains, this is a huge treat. On arrival, a porter emerges from the front door to collect the bags. The guest is ushered into the front hall of the house, signs the guest book and check-in is complete.Public areas: Unlike some of its townhouse competitors which have been renovated so that they look like period pieces, the public areas of Eleven Cadogan reflect that this was a home. The wood panelling and floors appear to be original. Silk upholstered, down filled sofas and chairs are in abundance. If it is chilly, a fire is lit. The scent of fresh lilies and orchids fills the air. Service: This is the hotel's greatest strength. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful, appearing at precisely the point they were needed. I don't think I saw a chambermaid in the four days I was there, even though the room was cleaned promptly in the morning followed by turndown service in the evening. Room: Very large with a king-size bed, sofa and various chairs. Bed linens were first-rate. The room faced the private park across the street (accessible to hotel guests). The hotel is on a very quiet residential street which meant that even sleeping with the windows open, there was no street noise. The bathroom was a model of low-key luxury with a very large pedestal sink, heated towel racks, great towels, a huge marble-enclosed bathtub and Molton Brown toiletries.Fitness centre: The fully equipped gym was a welcome surprise.Restaurant: Many hotels of this size feature a modest breakfast room. Eleven Cadogan's is a full restaurant. Breakfast, whether full English or Continental, was superb. The quality of the food at lunch and dinner was equally high and competitively priced with its Sloane Square neighbours.	
Jun 14 2005	Loved hotel staff but very bad beds	My sister and I stayed at the hotel in December 2003. The hotel had promised good beds (firm mattresses etc) but we were very disappointed. They found one old and very hard mattress for me and gave my sister a bedboard to help her sagging mattress. Everythingelse about the hotel was delightful - staff, restaurant, service, public rooms and location. But I wouldn't stay there again until they upgrade the beds.	
May 10 2004	A total delight!	Number eleven was totally delightful. Wonderful staff, great breakfasts, total seclusion and we were treated like royalty.	
