Oct 21 2009 	In the middle of nowhere	This place is not a hotel ... not even a motel. It is near Acton Main Line station which is not on the main tube map which caused problems trying to find it the first night. Then on Sunday we found out that trains did not go from that station. The only other option was to walk 15 min down the road to Action Town station. The rooms were small and the bathroom was even smaller. There needs to be a shower mat as when your taking a shower water goes everywhere. They only gave us half a toilet roll for three days. The mattresses on the beds need to be thrown out ... we could feel the springs and it was three very bad nights sleep. The sheets were clean but there was only a very thin blanket on the beds which meant my father ended up sleeping in his clothes as it was so cold. The radiator didn't work and the TV only picked up three channels. We didn't try the free breckfast for obvious reasons.	
Oct 6 2009 	Not the best ... really budget	This hotel ok for it's price. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. Rooms definately BUDGET.Breakfast is AWFUL.Orange juice is watery (wouldnt even called it orange juice).They say eat as much as you, want but when you ask for extra toast they ask you to pay. I also had an experience where I came down in the morning and found an illegal worker (assuming he is illegal as he cant speak english properly and he's extremely rude) was sleeping on the kitchen floor beside where breakfast is served in a chicken shop.That aside overall the hotel is not bad for the price.	
Sep 20 2009 	Hard to discrive but not recommend for your allergies	We hadn't a clue how far was it from the Tube. But we found it.The Hotel - The staff were great. The room was ok, but it needs more cleaning. Location: ok it's far away from the center, but have good markets/grossers nearby.Transports: Was I already said it's far from the Tube, but the 266 plus the 70(? or 50 can't remember) can take you to Notting Hill/Portobello Road or White City Station (Tube).If you want to go clubing al night, I wouldn't recommend it. It's to far away from the Soho (1h 30m).If you have allergies, bright all your medicines... It needs more cleaning.	
Aug 15 2009 	A to Z isn't the hotel descripted	It's far from the centre, it takes between fourty and fifty minutes to reach picadilly circus and oxford street. The tube is far, a half-hour walk, but there is a 24 h bus near at the door that leaves you in Hammersmith, where you can take another metro or bus to the centre. The room was very dirty: the carpet with hairs and dirt, the walls and the old bedspreads with unidentified stains. Only sheets and towels was good. Broken and insecure door. Views were blocked by the bright sign of the hostel. Under our window, a shelf with garbage and used underwear. A lot of noises at the street, we had to buy earplugs to be able to sleep. The small bathroom was horrible, to take a simple shower was an odyssey. Showerhead was fixed and very high, the watter keep falling far and to be under the watter I had to go beside the toilet. Service was not very good, two days they gave us clean towels and only one day of seven they made our beds. Our garbage cube wasn't cleaned any day. Breakfast was in a kebab communicated with the hostel by a backdoor. To arrive, you have to go by one corridor with a full of towels and dirty sheets on the floor. Breakfast was served on the same kebab with the removed shutters. Wasn't juice, but it was water with taste of orange, cofee or tea, two toasted per person, a bit of marmelade and a misery of butter. If you want more butter, they said no. Definitely, A to Z was a deception.	
Jul 14 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	The rooms at this hotel are tiny.. The sheets were not clean, no tea/coffee making stuff.The best bit is when I went to get breakfast it was signed down a corridor wher you end up behind the fryer of the fried chicken place next door. It stinks of stale fat and they expect you to eat in there. Needless to say I gave it a miss. It wasn't that cheep and its in the middle of nowhere. You would be better off slleping in the car	
Aug 16 2009 	Epouvantable!		
