	This hotel should be made to be closed or renovated!!Absolutely disgusting!!	Well what can I say!!We were supposed to stay at comfort inn in kings cross got there and apparently &quot;room had flooded&quot;, they had to put us up in the european hotel. This hotel is absolutely terrible, service sucked, the room was horrible on our honeymoon with two single beds. The bathroom had open soap and toilet paper didnt even look clean. You couldnt move around room that small. After me and my husband checked in I cried not knowing if I could leave my luggage in the room, there wasnt even door knob on door, we did leave it and never got back till 10 pm. I couldnt sleep didnt feel safe one bit. Got up at 7 next morning to go back to our hotel which room was conveniently ready thank god!! For anyone looking for cheap hotel this is a dump not a cheap hotel.. Will never stay in that part of london again!!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Positively surprised	Me and my boyfriend decided to visit London for the first time. A friend of mine is there once or twice a year and she's always staying in this hotel. So, naturally we decided to go there, too. Flying fron Graz with Ryanair to Stansted we bought Stansted Express Return tickets on the plane (for 22 pounds) as they are cheaper this way. On Liverpool Station we bought an Oyster and went on the tube to Kings Cross. From there it's only a one munte walk to the hotel. From outside it was nice looking and there was not a lot of noise. The staff was friendly and we got our room on the third floor. As the corridor is small and I had a bit of a proble, adjusting to the tightness of space, but as I heard: most of London hotels are like this. Our room had a double. This was, what surprised me a little: it's a small double (but we slept comfortably on it!). The room had a TV, small closet and a tiny bathroom. Everything was clean, the bed was made daily and the towels were changed daily, too. A we were in the room for sleeping only it didn't matter that it was a little room. The breakfast (from 7 to 9 am) was English: toast with butter and marmelade, eggs, ham, beans,... coffe and tea, juice and cornflakes in a buffet. I don't really like En.B so I ate cornflakes, toast and an egg, but it was enough and accually good :)All in all: we were surpised, as we were expecting way less. We were there with our Student ID, so our room was about 40 pounds per person per night, which is really inexpesive. The location is the best, and for what we've paid it was excellent. I'm definitely going there when I'm back in London and am telling all my friend to go there, too.What I'd like to say in the end: London's hotels are not inexpesive in general and to get a nice one on a good location is mostly fiction :) I guess it all depends what you're used to. For me, as a student, it was perfect but for a businessman I belive it might have been a nightmare.	
Oct 4 2009 	A crash pad; nothing more	For £65 a night B&amp;B in Bloomsbury, I pretty much got what I expected to get. The room was clean enough, and the bed was comfortable. It is sitiuated 100m from King's Cross / St Pancras, so was a big plus for me in that respect. The service from reception was friendly enough, but not overly helpful.But that said, I'll probably be looking to spend that little bit more next time I stay in the Capital and stay in a nicer place! As has been mentioned by other reviewers, is far more of a hostel than a 'hotel'. The room was fit for a single bed, not the 'double' they squeezed in there - if there was more than just me staying there, it would have been a real issue! The bathroom was like a closet and smelt of damp. And the biggest issue for me was the soundproofing, or should I say the distinct lack thereof. A couple of deliveries were made to some local hotels and businesses during the night, and I was awoken several times - the single pane windows meant that all the noise created came stright into the room. So I would fully recommend to any future residents to bring ear plugs!	
Sep 6 2009 	They Lost My Things!	Well, i was a guest of the hotel and left at the reception a bag to a friend of mine, warning the receptionist that my friend would pass a by after10 days to pick it up.What was my surprise when my frined sad the bag wasn't there! We inquired the hotel, that sad to us that it is &quot;A HOTEL, NOT A PARCEL COLLCTION SERVICE&quot;. And more than this, when they realised they had lost my bag, they started to sayTHEY NEVER RECEIVED IT!! UNBELIAVEBLE!! They not even tried to solve the problem giving me the an indemnity. Really a shame.	
Aug 29 2009 	terrible hotel	I stayed between 16th and 21st. The rooms are so small, dirty and sofocating....service, next to nothing..........I would never like to return to this hotel...the only positive in this hotel is its location and nothing else............	
Aug 19 2009 	Cheap clean budget hotel in good location...good for short stay	We chose this hotel for its price and location. We flew with Easyjet from Barcelona to Luton and got the connecting train to Saint Pancras International train station. The hotel was a short two minute walk from the main exit of King's Cross/Saint Pancras train station on Euston Road. The hotel is actually four (or five) houses linked by a central ground floor corridor. Our twin (two bed) room was on the first floor . It was small, with very little space for luggage. The space between the bathroom and the first bed was the width of a person. The second bed was against the window with a bedside table between the beds.The beds themselves were comfortable and clean.There was a tall but narrow wardrobe (our suitcase fit in ..just) as well as a small tv on a small press at the end of the beds. The bathroom was small but not cramped and was cleaned daily (towels changed daily too). The shower was basic but had good water pressure and hot water. Only one small bar of soap was provided, so you might bring shower gels / shampoos if you need to shower. Although the hotel is only two minutes walk from a very busy Euston Road, we had no problems with traffic noise as the hotel looks onto a small quiet park.There is an English breakfast (buffet) included but the dining area is small for the number of guests in the hotel. It's best to be there before 8am to avoid the rush. The food on offer is limited but quite edible. For those prefering a continental style breakfast, I would recommend going to Saint Pancras train station, there a quite a few cafeterias there to choose from.As for the location, it is two minutes from King's Cross underground. If you're staying a few days and wish travel by underground, be sure to get an Oyster card (Google Oyster Card, London Underground). Do avoid rush hour..it can be hellish. King's Cross is a great underground station for getting around London as most of the principal underground lines stop there. Weather permitting, I would recommend walking to some attractions as you see the real London, not just underground trains and stations. The British Library is next to Saint Pancras, the British Museum is a 20 minute walk away and it's about about 35 minutes on foot to Covent Garden / Trafalgar Square.I would recommend this hotel to a friend and would stay here again myself. It is great value for money if you are just looking for a place to sleep as it does not have a range of facilities normally associated with hotels.From reading other reviews, I think the room location is important. The first floor rooms at the front of the hotel seems to be the best even there is no lift.To summerise: The European is a budget hotel and good value for money. It is clean and has a good location. Expect a small room (which appears to be standard for London hotels) with no frills or extras. Good for a short stay of a few days though I wouldn't recommend it for longer stays (no where to sit a relax in room other than on bed, no communal lounge area in hotel). Don't bring a lot of luggage, more than two suitcases might be a problem given the size of the rooms. In general, a positive experience for a short stay.Furthermore, those arriving by Easyjet to Luton can buy Oyster cards on the plane..worth if you are staying 3 days or more as it is precharged with 20 pounds. A discount bus transfer/train to Saint Pancras can be bought on the plane too and is 10% cheaper than buying it a the station- worth it!	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean convenient but expensive and nothing like a hotel.	I stayed in there for 3 nights with my cousin. I'm 29 and she's 16 years old. The European is more like a hostel than a hotel!We were in a tiny room in the last floor and the ceiling was very low so we spent as little time as possible in the room.The bathroom was also very small. Only one person could fit and you could not get dressed in there unless you do so in the shower.The room had too many furniture. When you have such a small place you should definitely put as little furniture as possible...We could not sleep late because the curtains were very thin and the bright light would go through as if there were no curtains. It's so easy to have double curtains or dark curtains to solve the problem that I talked to one of the staff at the reception about that problem but although she listened, she seemed not to care at all.As for breakfast, it was even worse.The plates smelt bad...(You know this strong smell that you can get on dishes that is not well washed)...We tried to find 2 clean plates and tried to get something eatable.As for the coffee it was hot but tasted like water.I lived in London for almost 2 years and I had never had such a bad breakfast!The breakfast was so disgusting that we decided not to eat breakfast there anymore.I was really upset about the room and then about the breakfast.I could not understand how so many people could come down to breakfast. Because the hotel was probably fully booked and people did not care or were very hungry. I think you can find better places especially since, this is not really a hotel but more like a hostel with no taste, no service, no real room, a place just to sleep and nothing else.I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone. Unless this is the cheapest and most convenient in town!	
Jul 21 2009 	A bad choice	I stayed in this hotel with my family for 3 nights to attend the concert of Genesis at Twickenham and for a short visit to London.I chose this hotel for its closeness to King's Cross and its low price, but these two features does not offset the bad services received.The room was dirty, smelly and too small for 4 people. The closure of the window was not working well, and so even the bathroom taps.The dining room was tiny for the number of guests and the breakfast was terrible: after the first morning I liked to have breakfast outside the hotel, although I had already paid for the bed and breakfast.I think I will not ever return to this hotel.	
Jun 19 2009 	A "comfortable enough" budget hotel!	I stayed in the European Hotel for 2 nights so I could sit my exams which were on Grays Inn Road so the location was just fantastic plus being off the main road opposite Kings Cross meant that it was a minute walk to get on the tube and head anywhere! I stayed in a single room and the bed was comfy and the room was clean and presentable (I'm overlooking the men's undercrackers which I found on the window ledge when I drew the curtain as an event which I would rather forget! ....err moving on.....). The shower pressure was a bit rubbish but was expected, the tv had great reception - unexpected and plenty of drawers etc to put things away in. Admittedly, there may not be much room to swing a cat but for a budget hotel it was plenty fine...had everything I needed and the teabags were topped up daily which was fab as three is definately not enough to last a revising student for one day let alone two! Breakfast was fine...I had read the previous reviews so was prepared that the cold drink of choice was orange squash and not orange juice..but the eggs were good, the sausages were good and you could have as much as you wanted! To conclude, I would recommend this to all but, note, it is BUDGET! Other people leaving reviews may have forgotten this and, for London prices, you get what you pay for and if you want luxury this isn't it but it is a comfortable, alright room, for an alright price!	
Jun 11 2009 	European not as good as before	I stayed at the European a year ago and it was fine.I went back two weeks ago and unfortunately it wasn't quite so good.I wanted a basic room and when I rang the week before the girl on reception said phone on the morning you are coming down to London and see if we have any rooms.Not very helpful.I rang the next day and got one of the more helpful receptionists who took my credit card no to hold the room for my first night. I was arriving the following Wed evening.When I arrived the following week the receptionist said they were fairly full but I was given a basic room as requested, £35 with the toilet at the end of the corridor and on the top floor. That was fine by me.The room 49A was actually a room divided in two hence 49 and 49A and there wasn't room to swing a cat. It was long and thin and when you lay on the bed the Tv which was high up on a bracket was facing the right hand side wall so you couldn't see it properly.Towel provided but no soap.The guy in 49 was coughing all evening and you could hear everything. He had his tv on till 4am.Breakfast was OK you help yourself to eggs bacon etc and the orange juice is orange squash mixed with water.They have a room to leave your luggage when you check out if your train or plane is later in the day.This is handy as KX left luggage are about £7.50 per bag to leave for up to 24 hrs.I found the reception staff helpful and would have stayed longer than three days but for the noise.When I stayed the previous year I got a big room on the top floor for £30 with the toilet at the end of the corridor and no noise.Pity this time it wasn't so good and I had to move to another hotel round the corner.Still for £35 for a single and with a great location and helpful receptionists I think it's a reasonable deal.If you get helpful people it does help but it's a bit hit and miss as they can vary so much even at the same hotel.This area has quite a few hotels around Argyll Square so I guess it's try them for one night and see what they are like.	
Jun 1 2009 	There are many other hotels in this area stay in one of them.	From the outside this looked like a great choice but as soon we walked in we realised how wrong we were.We asked for a quiet room, they accomodated this by putting us on the 2nd floor, but the room was far from quiet. Whenever another adjacent room went into their bathroom the fan was so noisy it would not let us sleep.One positive point I will say is the bathroom was clean but..... v v v small with no toiletries.Previous guests must have liked the decoration as they seem to have ripped of patches of wallpaper to take home.Finally no matter what we tried we could not get clear reception on the televison, so take a book to read (if you can stand the noice!)	
May 23 2009 	unsafe dirty	We had to night over in London on the way to catch a plane at Luton and thought the location would be OK. For 60 pounds we expected something better and certainly not a ground floor room with a window that would not lock. I have not felt as unsafe in a hotel since my student days staying in two-bit hotels. The so-called bathroom was a tiny squalid affair, smaller than an airplane toilet. Breakfast was to die for - literally.	
May 2 2009 	little money spent on maintainance little comfort but cheap.	Location of hotel was very good, staff friendly. The room and bathroom were tiny, but clean. Also very shabby, with damp, peeling wallpaper and needed kettle to be replaced which was quickly done. Luckily we saw the humour of this after a 5 hour rail journey. Unfortunately was double booked on second trip to london and was sent to their 'sister hotel' round the corner. Room was top of building, small and cofffin sized, dirty and bleak, bleak, bleak. Not what was wanted to return to after a hectic day of site seeing in london. Don't go there!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Nice hotel	My family and I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights and enjoyed it. The room had plenty of space for 4 persons and was very clean. The stuff was nice, I remember the April 01th joke when we arrived, very nice, I loved it, because the woman who made it rembered us the whole time we stayed at the hotel. We will come back next eastern, but not on April 1th. The breakfast wasour favorite breakfast,full englisch.Thank you to the nice lady who invited us on the first day at the hotel, what a lovely welcome.	
Apr 3 2009 	Better than expected	This hotel is in the 2nd block up from Kings Crossing. VERY easy access from the tube station. I have a bad back and hip and had requested an easy access room. I was accommodated with the best room possible, on the first floor and near check in. I knew the room would be small so I wasn't surprised at the size. The bath room was also tiny but it was our private bath. The room was very clean and looked fresh. Having read some of the reviews, I didn't know what to expect. I was very pleased with this hotel and the price compared to others in the area. The locality of the hotel to everything is easy since the tube station is so close. Kings Crossing is a major station with at least 5 or 6 different lines leaving the station. St. Pancras train station is next to the tube station also. Bus stops are everywhere. There are even 2 McDonalds restaurants within walking distance. I recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great deal on a quaint hotel room with easy access to all the sites in London. There was no internet access available, but we were told we could go sit in the lobby of the Carlton Hotel which is on the corner of Argyle and Euston and use Wi Fi. McDonalds also has free Wi Fi. They also offered free English breakfast in the mornings. Hope this helps others.	
Nov 25 2008	Advice for prospective guests	We booked a double room for a 3 night weekend in November. If we had been even slightly overweight, we would never have fitted in to the room! There was a double bed pushed hard into a corner and against a radiator - which, as expected in November, was switched on! There was a TV which worked and Tea and coffee making facilities but hardly a surface to make a drink on. The en-suite WC and shower were adequate but there was nowhere to hang the toilet roll and the shaving light didn't work. We were in room 3 on the ground floor, which is apparently over rooms 1 and 2 in the basement. Whenever the occupants used their bathrooms, the noise of the extractor fan was deafening. The night porter twice had to ask them to switch off the light. We cannot fault the staff - or the food - or the external appearance of this hotel but would suggest that if all double rooms are this size, they should be converted to singles!	
Nov 24 2008 	Freezing Cold Rooms	On first entering the bedroom my chest contorted. Although newly decorated the room was musty and damp and the new paint was already peeling off the freshly plastered walls-a damp patch about a foot wide was clearly visible. The window was soaking wet cos it was so cold outside. The one small radiator gave off no heat whatsoever. Some foreign guy checked the radiator early Saturday morning, waking us up at stupid o'clock after a rather heavy night out. It was too cold to even attempt a shower.On returning to the room at 11.00 p.m. on Saturday evening the nice maid had left the window open all day (there was no key in the lock and we had to manoeuvre the lock into the hole before the window would close). The already freezing cold room was now Baltic. The radiator which was checked in the morning promptly went off, never to come back on. I honestly thought I was going to die of hypothermia.The location however was great - even for the prostitutes!!!!Don't stay here - pay an extra twenty quid and go somewhere at least warm.	
Aug 31 2008 	Cheap but not cheerful!	I can only agree with a lot of the negative comments already posted about this hotel.The rooms are small, but not helped by being crammed full of unecessary furniture (a lot of which is broken!) The bathroom was a little skanky and the water in the shower was only lukewarm. The bed was not secure on the floor and kept moving around.Also there is no lift in the hotel so we had to carry our suitcases up four flights of stairs. The breakfast is extremely cheap and the staff look too harassed to make sure you have what you need, toast, etc. The only plus point is the location - 2 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station. We only stayed here because of the cheap rate and for the fact that we wouldn't be spending much time in the actual room.All in all this hotel is best avoided.	
Aug 7 2008 	Just Horrible!	I booked this hotel as a 'cheap and cheerful' place to lay our heads before we went to Paris the following day. I wasn't expecting a lot but reviews I had read online had all been positive and with the friendly lady on reception when we first walked in things were looking good! But to say the room was disgusting is the biggest understatement!! I have never felt so unsafe anywhere; we didn't feel we could have our window open because it was so close to the neighbouring flats that we felt you could walk onto one of the balconies! The room was tiny and stuffed full of unnecessary furniture. The bathroom door had no handle on the inside which meant that each time we went to use it the other person had to hold the door shut. The room was dirty and smelt very musty. The light switches were not attached to the wall properly which, correct me if I’m wrong is a tad dangerous!! We felt so unsafe in the room we actually left one and a half hours before we needed to...not that anyone would have noticed because the reception was unmanned. I can't comment on breakfast as we were not offered it at the early hour we left (despite having paid for it). I'm sure there must be decent, cheap accommodation somewhere in London...just don't expect it from this hotel.	
Jul 8 2008 	Avoid like the plague!	We have just returned from a weekend break in London and stayed at the European Hotel. To say this hotel was basic was an understatement. Yes the location is ideal for tourists but that was about the only good thing about it and I would seriously recommend people to stay elsewhere if at all possible. Firstly there is no interaction with the staff and guests, I tried to engage in a pleasant conversation with the receptionist but was brushed off. Then when we entered the room it went downhill from there. We envisaged the room to be small and basic and this was as we thought but with further disappointments. Firstly the cupboards scattered around the room were all at funny odd angles and made the room seem even smaller. You had to climb over the bed to get to the otherside of the room. The wardrobe rail was broken and we had to fix ourselves in order to hang our clothes, the TV had not got good reception on a couple channels (which although we thought wouldn't matter one night when we stayed in it was this channel which had the movies on!)The shower which ajoined (we paid extra for a private bathroom) was too small to get dry, the shower was falling apart at the top and with only two small towels it was not good - we had to use one towel for the floor as no matter what we did water seemed to go everwhere. It reminded me of a cheap self accommodation apartment abroad not London! The shower had a hole in the floor to it and the toilet, again placed at an odd angle, had no toilet roll holder so you had to reach up to the top of the toilet to get some. The room seemed to stay moist when you had a shower and brought about a heat in the bedroom. Luckily the only good thing about this was that of the fan above the bed. However when I stood on the bed to pull the string to turn it on I couldn't reach, it was too high up, luckily my partner could reach but only just. Unfortunately the plumbing must be faulty as everytime anyone else in the hotel was running a tap, having a shower, using the toilet a loud gurgling sound would emerge from the shower hole and in order to sleep at night we had to block with one towel to get peace!!! In addition sleeping facing the front had a view of a small little park, nothing to brag about, and it was noisy at night so sleep was lacking. The breakfast - I was so looking forward to this, however it was cheap and nasty. The food looked like it was sitting a while in a buffet style container and the cereal in open containers. My partner, who never says no to a good fry up, passed on breakfast and ate a bit of toast that we were given. It was not a full english fry as anticipated but cheap thin sausages with no taste, bacon very undercooked, some cheap tinned tomatoes and beans and eggs that had just been sat there. No mushrooms, hash browns, even black pudding. Very disappointing. I would like to point out that on the first day when we came back after a day of sightseeing before going for dinner we wanted a drink in the room, it was wet and we wanted a hot drink, unfortunately the maid had not cleaned the room fully and we had not been given clean cups and more tea/coffee to use. I went down to ask for more and the receptionist, rudely brushed me off and told me to 'help myself' in the open kitchen - when I went in I was disgusted. It was the first day in the hotel and from what I saw in there I didn't go to breakfast for even toast for the remainder of the stay. Milk left lying out, cereals still uncovered left lying for the next day, cheap food and bread pushed into the freezers in abundance. Nothing was fresh and looked after. So as you can imagine I would not recommend this hotel to anyone even my worst enemy. It is ok if you don't eat, are extremely tiny and an insomniac but to people who like sleep, do not like avoiding cupboards, like to eat a good breakfast to start the day off and like peace / quiet don't go. Although you think it's fine for the price it's not, it's beyond basic.	
Jul 7 2008 	Excellent hotel	Hello,I was so lucky to find this hotel. It's just the perfect place for a cheap price, with good room (quite small but Ok), everything very clean and organized with all the facilites nicely arranged and maintaned. Also the staff is very friendly and ready to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The breakfast was excellent !Also it's two-minutes walking distance from King's cross tube station which was perfect for me.If you're looking for a budget B&amp;B very well located, the &quot;European Hotel&quot; is the best place to go.	
May 13 2008 	Good and Bad	Just returned from a weekend in London. Stayed at the European Hotel, Kings Cross, London.Good Points-Location- Hotel is just a 2 minute walk from Kings cross station underground so it is ideal for getting about London. The look of the hotel on the outside is nice. There is also a lovely little park right across the road so if you get good weather it's a good bit to sun yourself and relaxwith your booking you will get a good breakfast in the morning. Mainly Full english fry up and some cereals, juices, toast and coffee/tea. Ideal start to the day.Kettle/ tea/ coffee in your roomThe price we paid for London was fantastic. £120 for 2 nights inc breakfast. hard to beat in price.Bad Points-Room was small and cramped and the interior decor a little dated. We were in a room on the lower floor basement area and I was a little concerned that the window didn't lock as there were other rooms and windows adjacent.The reception area was a bit sparse and basic looking.The general standard in the room was poor. Loose shower holder, damp patches on ceiling and no lampshade in room. Lack of attention to detail.In summing up-The hotel was cheap and cheerful but to be honest we spent very little time in it so for a bed for the night and a good breakfast in the morning it was fine. Basically as the saying goes you only get what you pay for. Would I go again to this hotel. Maybe not. Best described as adequate.	
May 11 2008 	Suitable for nights	This was my second time in the European Hotel and I got exactly what I expected. A small room but with all the facilities you need(bed, shower, toilet, tv and kettle). Nice breakfast.Location is great and prices are reasonable. It is not exactly top-of-the-range, but if you are only in for the nights it suits the purpose.	
Apr 19 2008	much better than we expected	I booked this hotel through a booking agency opposite Kings Cross station. I was lucky to have a twin room for my sister and me in such a short notice as the London Marathon was on the Sunday when we expected to leave. When I went to the hotel to confirm my booking, the lady in the reception was very helpful and told me to go and see the room before I took it. At that moment I was more than happy to have a room since our mother had ahd an accident and we really just wanted to have a roof on our heads,.The breakfast was better than in many of the hotels in the area (we had stayed in many hotels in the area since there werent many places to stay for long time at such short notice), they had a buffet breakfast, beans, toast, eggs scrambled and fried, bacon, tea, coffee, juice.. well worth the 5 quid extra from the other hotels in the area.Our room was in the basement, but that was what we preferred, having quite a lot of luggage that we didn't want to carry up and down the stairs. We had a twin room, comfortable beds, nice enough en suite and amazingly no noise at all during the night. The twin room was quite enough for us two gals at a very reasonable price. This wasn't my first choice of hotels in the area, but at the emergengy we had, we were pleasantly surprised to have had such good value.Would consider staying at this hotel again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Good Location	My other half and I stayed here for one night last week. You get what you pay for sums up the night. The room was small and the bed was not a double, more like a 4ft. The walls were paper thing and the wardrobe was tipping over. The heating would not turn off, so we just opened the window, though this would be a problem in summer months. The bathroom was fine although I have never seen a toilet at such a weird angle and the towel rail was coming off the wall. It did appear to be clean though. However all this said the room is liveable for one night and I didn't really expect much., and it did have a brillant location, literally a second away from Kings Cross Station in a quiet square away from the main road.What I found to be the most dissappointing was the staff, they were very rude and short. When we arrived very little conversation was given, just shoved the keys at us and said third floor. But when we came down for breakfast the following morning I was extremely put off. We came down just before 9 as no one had told us when breakfast was scheduled. I was greeted by a waitress who basically shouted in my face that breakfast was over and I must leave. I could not believe how rude she was, she could of just politely told me.Overall it's fine for a night but no more, and if I was you make sure you go down for breakfast at 8. I would not stay there again though.	
Apr 10 2008 	Small but reasonable	When I first got to the hotel, I thought it was in the perfect location for me. I arrived a little early, so I checked in, but could not go to my room. They did let me store my bags in a room till my room was ready. When I went into my room, I was a little shocked. The room was REALLY small. I had to other guys with me, and they could barely stand side by side. But I guess that was expected. The room was quite cozy for one person and I enjoyed it when I did stay in there. As far as the service.. At first, the young lady was really nice. She let my other friends into the room with me and didn't have a problem. But the other front desk people would not let my friends in the hotel to come get me. Which I thought that was kind of rude. I figured I paid a lot to stay in that hotel, I should at least have a guest of mine come get me in my room. I wasn't like I was going to have them stay in my room. There was no way they could stay in there!! But for the most part, the hotel was ok. I didn't get a chance to taste their breakfast, but it did sure smell like an english breakfast!	
Feb 15 2008 	Good stay	My girlfriend and myself have just returned from a 5 night break in London where we stayed in European Hotel. European hotel is easy to find - it's about 150m from King's Cross St. Pancras station, which is operated by many underground services, national and international rail services. It takes 3 tube stations to get Oxford Circus. The hotel has no lift, but if you take your luggages only at check-in/out, it's no problem. We take a double room on second floor, the room was small enough to fit the bed, TV and very narrow furniture including wardrobe, bed table and little writing table. There were private bathroom with toilet together. Bathroom is too small that you need only one step from using toilet to take a shower :-) No problems with water, no problems with lining (changed during stay, clean). Breakfasts included tea, coffee, juice, milk, toasts, beans (which i never like to eat before!), sausages, bacon, egss. No problem with staff. I got what i pay for.	
Jan 16 2008 	OK	Our stay here was better than expected, however, we arrived in London after a really, really horrible week in India where we stayed in completely filthy accomodations and had everything that could go wrong, go terribly wrong. So, I know our perspective was a bit different...that being said, our room was older, but appeared clean. There was a lot of pot smoke throughout the hallways and some very noisy guests at night, but we were obviously fortunate not to have some of the intense problems with other guests and/or staff that other travelers have had.	
Nov 30 2007 	Called Police At Night !!!	Have you ever called police at night during your stay at a hotel?The European Hotel will give you such an opportunity.During all night drunk company of truck drivers terrorised the floor where we stayed. African British receptionist was unable to stop them. I locked my door which they tried to breake down and called police. When policemen arrived the company suddenly became slipping. If you like such as attractions - welcome to European hotel. You will get memories for the rest of your life.	
Nov 19 2007	Disgusting filthy smelly	This hotel is the worse place i have ever stayed i would not send my worse enemy here, The staff are rude , the rooms are filthy, and as for health and saftey will it does not excist here, i had wires hanging under the sink, paper ripped of the wall damp room .On our first night we payed in full and whent to bed , at about 3am we heard banging on our door which woke us up and then a key being inserted and tried to open the room ,we asked who it was and it was the very rude night reception saying he had gave us to much money back , we told him we had been asleep and we would check and go to the desk in the morning with the money and aq complaint. , thnk god we was oinly here for three nights ;please please please do not stay here you have been warned	
Nov 4 2007 	Horrible and disgusting	Just like the last reviewer, I have been unable to publish a negative comment on the Travelstay website, where I booked this. Will never use that site or any hotels on it again. The only true part about the hotel is that it really is very convenient to the tube. Everything else you see positive is basically a lie. The room is small, maybe a 10ftx10ft square. I am very aware of what budget hotel means and it was not the space we had a problem with it was the cleansliness. The wallpaper was falling off the wall, the furniture was falling apart, the sheets had visible stains on them, there was mold on the carpet and on the wallpaper. The window did not close all the way so we heard every noise and every word of everyone outside. The shower would not drain so we just sat there in water to our ankles every morning. So disgusting.. The staff was horrible and unhelpful especially the manager. She did not care about anyone's wellbeing. One morning they even forgot a wake up call. We had a great London experience but every night we dreaded coming back to the room. I have taken pictures of everything that I can email to other travelers if needed. There are many other cheap clean hotels in London, many right next to this one, so please do not stay here.	
Aug 25 2007 	never again	this is my 3rd try to add a review for the european hotel (argylesquare). it never got published, maybe because it's a quite negative one. i'm trying again. stay was july 6-8 (silverstone, f1 time!), 2007, had a cellar room for 3 people, wallpapers peeling off the walls, walls moist, room cold, loud, as it was underneath the stairs and people were climbing up and down most of the time. felt like the thunder at night. bathroom: icecold, stone floor, no rugs. breakfast was not bad, staff had partially problems understanding english. summary - never again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Lots to be desired	The room was small but okay, they were old with stained wall paper and in need of some major updating. The showers were useable but I still wore flip-flops and wrapped the toilet seat. I brought my own pillow case and used it. For the price it left a lot to be desired. Location was very close to the tube. We found the staff nice enough but only because we engaged them in conversation.	
May 3 2007 	On arriaval at this "Hotel".................	Just returned from a 2 day work trip,staying in this &quot;hotel&quot; On arriival was greeted by receptionist who, apart from lacking in any customer care skills, proceeded to tell her assembled audience (myself and other guests waiting to check-in) what a stressful and busy time she was having!!! Wasted little time in asking method of payment before handing over room keys with vague directions to the allocated room(too stressed to do that I suppose)Room was on top floor, very small but clean. Top cover of bed had two fag burns(intrestingly there is a notice asking guests NOT to smoke in room, but they provide an ashtray in each room!!) Bathroom tiny with taps not secured onto sink, shower right next to toilet Breakfast was ok.Best thing about this place is it's closeness to Kings Cross and tubes. My overall rating? 2 / 10	
Apr 7 2007 	Grim	Avoid like the plague, because that's what you might catch.The only positive was clean sheets. Room had the smallest 'bathroom' I've ever seen, and it stank - my girlfriend refused to use the shower.TV was one channel only with a remote that clearly belonged to another TV.Too hot in the room - heating on all night with no control over this.Didn't bother with the breakfast, so can't comment on that.Relatively cheap, but certainly not cheerful. Spend another 20 quid and get somewhere decent would be my advice.	
Mar 22 2007 	only if saving money is more important than anything else	the european hotel appears to be a little glossed up, to say the least when appearing on various internet booking sites. the rooms are small, which we completely expect in central london and as we spent no time at all in there apart from a quick shower and of course our 7 hours sleep per night, this was not in itself a problem. the general standards of the facilities however, were. we stayed in march. the temperature over the 3 days hovered between -2 and +3 degrees. the sash window slid open so easily that keeping it closed fully proved impossible. we switched the radiator on on arrival as the room was cold only to find 5 minutes later, a fast growing puddle emerging from underneath and spilling out onto the laminate floor by the bed. needless to say that the heating had to stay off for the rest of our stay and we consequently had to compensate by sharing body heat at night-we did come for a romantic break, but this is not what we had in mind! the bathroom is very, very small but was also clean and did the job it was there to do. the shower had good pressure and the temperature stayed constant (it did a good job of thawing us out!) there were only 2 medium sized towels for 2 of us which whilst clean on arrival, were not replaced over the course of our 3 day stay. one of the most off-putting things about the room was the fact that the wall situated by the bed was covered in damp patches. this seemed strange as the rooms have only recently been refurbished on the first floor and the paint job actually looked very new. they are obviously papering over cracks rather than addressing the main issues which cost more money to put right, bit of a false economy really... the room is equiped with kettle, tea and coffee supplies which were topped up on day 2 so why they did not replace the towels at the same time is anyone's guess? do not expect any maid service, the sheets you get on arrival are there to stay until your departure time but they were clean and fresh to begin with and we only had 2 nights on them anyway. we have stayed in loads of hotels all over the place but i have to say, this is the first time we have not felt completely secure about leaving things unattended in the room etc. not for any particular reason, but there was a little voice in the back of our heads telling us not to leave cash, cards and passports etc in the room whilst we were out. there is no secure storage and the doors to the rooms are not exactly fort-knocks! if you are used to leaving a neighbour-free life at home, as we are you will also notice that other guest's noise does tend to emmit from above and either side of the rooms. it was nothing unbearable but quite strange actually-the rooms are small with very little free floor space, yet our upstairs neighbour managed to walk around constantly from 11pm to after 1am and then started again at 6 until we left the room for breakfast at 7.30-go figure! i would not visit this hotel again unless money was my main concern, there is no doubt that 54 quid a night including breakfast for 2 peeps is a good deal, but you will have to make allowances in other areas, some of which i regard to be basic needs rather than frills and luxury-like heating in march for example! i would not recommend this place to anyone looking for good value accomodation, there is a world of a difference between ''value'' and ''cheap'' we have already decided to save up for the ritz for our next trip (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)	
Feb 9 2007 	Stole my money	I booked a room in the European hotel, but when i arrived there I got somewhat scared. I was travelling alone and a girl in that area alone is not the safest thing, not mentioning that the hotel was in terrible condition. I went back to the reception and told them my problem. SInce i payed with credit card for the first week they told me I will get back my money- appart from the frirst night- on the next business day. Its been two months now and I havent seen any money back, furthermore they also charged me for the second week. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!	
Jan 2 2007 	Horrible and tatty	There were 4 of us staying at this hotel. We were given two double rooms in the basement which had a strong damp smell. We asked to be moved and were given another two rooms, which were similar but without the smell. The rooms are tiny, there was wallpaper peeling off the walls and the skirting boards are dirty. The shower had old chewing gum stuck to the wall near ceiling and the sink was blocked. The breakfast is ok if a little greasy. The only good thing was a clean bed.	
Nov 21 2006 	Filthy hell hole	I want to strongly advise people not to book this hotel. It was the worst accomodation I have ever seen, we had no hot water in the sink, the sink was falling off the wall, the window was rotten, there was holes in the bedspreads, the room smelt damp, there was noisy pipes in the room, everywhere was dusty, the shared shower and toilets were unclean and smelt like sewers, the tv looked like it had been rescued from a tip need I go on!We moved and even though we told reception of the above faults we had to pay for one nights stay, dont make the same mistake!	
Nov 14 2006 	Bait and Switch	This hotel has several &quot;sister&quot; hotels owned by the same people. On their info it says they retain the right to have you stay at their &quot;annex&quot; if their hotel is booked. The other hotels are fleabags next door to this hotel. Sure the main hotel is nice, but Im sure they continue to book until their others are full also. BAIT AND SWITCH is the term. This accounts for the mixed reviews you see here. The only bright spot was a good breakfast which was part of the room.	
Oct 9 2006 	Excellent location clean and good value	From other reviews, it's obvious that it depends what room you get. I got no 20, which is very like 53 in the review below except with a double bed. It's cheap but very cheerful, and certainly very clean and tidy - 'wood' laminate floors, cheap but new flatpack furniture. The room is about 10 ft x 12 ft, plus the bathroom. Very clean, everything worked except one flickering light above the washbasin. That's better than my stay in the Waldorf the week before (when the company were paying...) where I had to get the electrician in to get the plugs working. And the location is amazing. I timed it, it's exactly 2 minutes walk to the entrance to the Underground, which also gets you across the road to Kings X / St Pancras. That's rail travel to the North West, the Midlands and soon to the continent; five minutes up the road is Euston with rail access to the North East.	
Oct 5 2006 	not good at all	You take a chance with this hotel. Some of it has been done up and when we arrived, we thought it was going to be ok. Boy were we wrong. Our room was just terrible. We had to fight through a door and down some basement steps to our room. Once inside I was ready to turn back. I am not put off by size, all I ask for is clean and this room was far from clean. There was holes in the filthy green carpet, the corners were just black and vile. I had to un plug one of the appliances to use my straightners and had to clean my hands after. The TV had some sort of massive hole in the top of it. Looked like someone left a candle burning on top of it. I did not dare turn it on.The bedding was clean - which I was grateful for and altough mega tiny the bathroom was ok. could have been cleaner but it was ok.If you are lucky and get one of the newer rooms, then I would say value for money. But if like us you end up in the basement then no good value for money at all. We skipped breakfast. Didnt want to chance it.I would NEVER stop again.	
Aug 28 2006 	Terrible	Beware this hotel! I booked a single room with shared facilities in this hotel via the internet.The room was right at the top of the building with no lift. The lightbulb on the top floor was not working so I nearly had an accident after dragging my suitcase up all the stairs into the darkness.The room was just disgusting. It was dirty and full of dust. There were stains all over the wallpaper. The shared facilities were also awful and unhygenic.I wanted to move hotel immediately but it was late so I had no choice but to stay that night. I did not get any sleep - the room was beside a water boiler which made a loud noise all night.The next morning I informed reception that I was moving to another hotel due to the sub-standard/unhygenic room and they forced me to pay for that night! (They threatened to take the entire booking off my credit card if I did not agree to pay for that night).I didn't stay for breakfast the next morning so I can't comment on that.I wrote a letter to the owners of the hotel but never received a response. They obviously don't believe in Customer Service.Also, this was a so-called 'Budget' Hotel but in my opinion it was hugely expensive given the conditions.	
Jul 5 2006 	I Liked This Hotel	I stayed at this Hotel and found that it seemed to have been refurbished recently. The rooms had been freshly painted, new wooden flooring, possibly the same bedspread as other pictures, but crisp clean sheets.My room was small but then what more is expected for the price and this type of traditional building in London. The room was quiet and comfortable and moving around in the room was easy, small, compact and bijoux but not so small you could not move around easily.The staff were friendly although the night staff was a bit quizzical when we went out later in the evening asking why, but no real question and answer session.I really liked this hotel I work in the travel industry and have stayed at many hotels in the past 18 years, this one is a smaller hotel and rooms are built around what space the building itself will allow, so dont expect a bigger room that you would get in the corporate chain of Hotels otherwise found in London and around the world.I didnt have time to have breakfast as I had an early start so cannot comment on this.I would stay at the Hotel again it was fine for a short stay, clean and confortable and the price was good.	
Dec 12 2005	Good value	I don't usually stay in budget hotels, but I found this one to be a pleasant stay. The staff were friendly during our stay. We stayed for two nights 9-11 December - as you can imagine the hotel was very busy due to it being near Christmas yet there was more than enough food for breakfast. Breakfast is buffet style so you can have as much as you like. Consists of scrambled and fried eggs (none of which were runny), beans, sausage, bacon, tomatoes and toast. The toast is freshly cooked for you and brought to your table. The room was clean but small, but then how long are you going to spend in there. Great location for King's Cross station. There was no problem with water pressure or shower. Only problem we had was that the sink plug and toilet seat were broken. Overall our stay was pleasant and we were able to leave our bags in the hotel on our last day as we had a late train.	
Sep 27 2005	Dont Stay Here!	Do not stay at this hotel. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights, the bed sheets were dirty and we had to argue with the person at the front desk to give us clean sheets. We arrived back to the hotel the next day after being out in the town, the same dirty bedding was on the bed. Long black hairs were all over the bed, sheets, and bedspread. The shower did overflow into the floor each time. Show was so small, had to stand outside in the bathroom to wash and get back in the shower to rinse off. The breakfast conisist of raw, runny eggs, toast, pork and beans, and canned tomatoes. The eggs were extreamly runny and the white part was still raw. When I asked the cook to cook the eggs a little longer, she yelled at me, took the plate and returned it without cooking them longer. The day of check out the maid entered the room at 10am and asked us to leave so she could clean the room. Front desk told us check out was at 11am. We told the maid we thought check out was at 11am and she called us stupid Americans. This hotel is just really expensive for how nasty, smelly, and bad service.	
Jul 20 2005	European hotel	Ok... I just got back after 6 nights in a twin room at the European Hotel, King's Cross. Here's my verdict. (I compare this hotel to all the hotels I have stayed in in London over the past 15 yrs, and those are mainly budget hotels) The hotel is perfectly situated near King's Cross tube station. Despite the fact that you can see the tube station from the hotel, it's situated in a quiet area. We stayed in room 53 (2nd floor), facing the street and Argyle square and still we didn't notice much of what was going on outside. We had to have the windows open 24 hrs a day due to the heat wave, there is no air condition in the rooms.The rooms are really very small. There is no room for luggage at all, or no room to move. The best thing for two people is to sit on the beds all the time you spend in the room, or for one person at a time to move around. The room was clean and furniture fairly new. Comfortable beds, pretty wallpaper, wallto-wall-carpeting. There ere two bed side tables, one bed-side lamp, a naked light bulb in the ceiling. TV, tea/coffee making facilities, one tiny closet and one tiny chest of drawers. Bath room was nice and clean, and tiny. The water pressure was a real problem. Even though I have short hair it was difficult to rinse it after using shampoo. I know this is a common problem in London, but this was the worst case I have come across.Breakfast - buffet-style, english breakfast. Breakfast room in the basement, quite noisy and sterile. However, breakfast is good. You get baked beans, bacon, scrambled eggs, etc. And tea or coffee and two slices of toast. Breakfast is served between seven and nine AM.The hotel reception looks kind of seedy, and that usually tells you a lot about the hotel, but I must say the stay was better than expected. There is no lift and the corridors and staircases are very narrow - even for a 5´3 (163 cm) and slim person.All in all I think this is an ok hotel if you value a good price (I paid £27.50 per person and night). No frills and no extrs. Simply somewhere to sleep.	
Jan 24 2005	Beware of this one!	This past month I went on a tour of 4 cities, including and begining with London. We stayed at the EUROPEAN HOTEL across from Kings Cross. I want to strongly advise against staying at this hotel. To begin, only one light in the room functioned properly, even after asking to replace/fix the bulbs. The shower was so tiny and overflowed into the room each time a shower was taken. The shower head was broken and had to be held the entire time while showering (again asked to be fixed and never was). The night guy was a complete jerk and would not let anyone visit. A friend was staying across from me and he was not allowed to visit, and the man refused to call the manager to discuss the situation (please not it was at 7pm, not an unreasonable hour to have a guest). I would not recommend this place to anyone. I am a 23 year old RN and have stayed in hostels better than this overpriced &quot;so called&quot; hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Simple mais clean		
Oct 27 2009 	Hotel erfüllt seinen Zweck		
Oct 21 2009 	?????????		
Oct 21 2009 	méfiance		
Sep 15 2009	Comodo per visitare la citta'		
Aug 28 2009 	Assez sale salles de bains minuscules		
Aug 18 2009 	horrible		
Aug 4 2009 	European Hotel: una buona scelta		
Jul 30 2009	mon voyage à Londres		
Apr 2 2009 	1 mese in questo hotel		
Apr 1 2009 	Tipico hotel di Londra		
Jan 6 2009 	Für Städtereisen ideal		
Jan 2 2009 	?????????		
Sep 12 2008 	Regular		
Sep 3 2008 	meilleurs rapport qualité/prix d'Argyle street		
Aug 29 2008 	Depende de lo que busques		
Aug 14 2008 	Hôtel au confort simple mais tout à fait correct !		
Jun 9 2008 	CIMICI (BED BUGS)		
May 19 2008 	Un hôtel pas cher pour Londres		
Apr 18 2008 	Buenas conexiones con metro y bus		
Nov 30 2007 	Non andate- Trovate qualsiasi altra sistemazione		
