Nov 13 2009 	Wonderfully relaxing	As a Quaker, I've stayed at the Penn Club quite a few times. It's recent refurbishment, however, makes for an extremely pleasant stay. Although I couldn't get an en-suite room, my single was well-furnished and cosy. The lounges downstairs are restful and being able to cook your own meal if you want to is a bonus. Breakfast is good and the staff are as friendly as ever. There's also free internet access. Bearing in mind you are in the heart of London, you couldn't find a better place for the money.	
Oct 19 2009 	not really a hotel	no frills at all, but a welcoming restful quaker ambience. If this is what you want, this is the place. And your money goes to a decent cause too	
May 21 2009 	A lovely non-hotel experience	The Penn Club is almost a home away from home. A Quaker facility, it expects Quakerly attitudes of peacefulness, friendliness, helpfulness. Signs abound - signups for the washer/dryer, signs for quiet hours in the library. There's a book-trade bookshelf - leave one/take one, that furnished me with reading for the plane home. Most surprising: A sign offering company for dinner for anyone feeling lonely - just come to a certain public space and meet others who would like to go out to dinner together. Likewise, some tables at the excellent, big breakfast are reserved for those who'd like to meet others; other tables are for those who want to sit alone. We had a room with shower and w.c. - comfortable bed, nice view of the topiary garden. Those without private showers and w.c.'s will find so many in every hallway they will have no wait. Everything was scrupulously clean. I don't think I'd want to bring young children there - noise isn't the ambiance of the place. But for those without kids - who like peace and quiet just 1 block from a big, metropolitan neighborhood (with park) - I'd highly recommend it. We'll be going back.	
Feb 12 2008 	Excellent out of the ordinary accommodation	We stayed here recently for a trip to British Museum and Chinese New Year. This is not part of a chain of hotels it is primarily a Quaker Club. We found the the accommodation acceptable for us plus two teenagers but really enjoyed the extras that would not come with a standard hotel - games and books to use and borrow, microwave freezer and fridge available for guests to use. Onsite laundry would be useful for people staying for longer. Ethical policies mean free range eggs in the expertly cooked breakfast. Things here have not been reduced to a lowest common denominator in hermetically sealed boxes. Bed exceptionally comfortable, rooms are very quiet. Guests tend to be older and more considerate so I think this helped as well. some furniture is a little well worn but at least you know that sustainability is at the root of this and everything is clean. Where this place could really score would be for older (45plus) single travellers. Table settings are geared up with smaller tables for couples and singles but with a larger communal table for people who want to share and talk. Also meeting point designated for people who wish to find a dinner companion in the evening. I don't know how well this works but I guess if you just posted a notice to say you were looking for some company then someone would respond.While its heritage is Quaker people of any faith could stay here comfortably especially if you would rather that your tourist pound did not end up with the multinationals.	
Oct 16 2007 	quiet simple clean accommodation	The Penn Club is primarily a club and some of the visitors are members. It is owned and directed by Quakers but others are entirely welcome. I've stayed here for 4 days and once you accept that it is not exactly like a commercial hotel it is easy to enjoy the quiet and simple rooms right near the British Museum. There is a lovely reading room, a TV room, laundry facilities and a full English breakfast. Nevertheless, if people want a full service hotel the Penn Club would not be the right choice.	
Sep 7 2007 	Loony Bin	My husband and I had to book a hotel room at the last minute for an extra night in London. Someone recommended the Penn Club. Let me first say that the hotel is lovely, with soft beds and comfortable rooms. HOWEVER - we didn't realize we were booking a room in a Quaker meeting house/hotel. Nothing against Quakers at all, but the hotel was peculiar. None of the guests acknowledged us at all. The staff was very odd and regarded us suspiciously. There were no telephones or clocks anywhere. We felt like we had to tiptoe and be on our absolute best behavior. By the end of our stay, we were actually whispering - even in our hotel room. What a bizarre experience! The location wasn't particularly good, either. I say, avoid the place. It'll give you the heebie jeebies.	
Aug 31 2007 	The Penn Club: 'Friendly' and delightful	We stayed at the Penn Club in August 2007 for two days en route both to and from France and could not say enough good things about it. The rates were extremely reasonable for London, the staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were simple, quaint, and charming. This is a Quaker-owned hotel and we had some wonderful conversations with Friends staying there as guests. We also loved the breakfasts. Additionally, the hotel is in a very convenient location a few blocks from the metro, very near the British Museum. We would recommend this hotel to travellers wholeheartedly. It is a delightful place to stay.	
