Nov 12 2009 	More like a youth hostel	What they don't tell you in your Internet search: No elevator. I had to lug my very heavy suitcase up to the 4th floor. The rooms are incredibly tiny. There's just enough room for the bed and a desk, not much else. I'm constantly tripping over my things because there's not enough room. The room is always too hot, so you have to leave the window open and endure the wailing of ambulances which constantly race by on the street. No tub and the shower height adjustment is currently held together with electrical tape. The shower is so tiny that even I, at 5'5&quot; and 140 pounds felt like a giant. Large people will not be able to enter this shower, that's how small it is. There's no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign and despite telling the desk several times not to enter my room, they did anyway. There are no fire sprinklers or fire escape to get out of what would essentially become a barbeque pit in event of a fire. And finally, the Internet service was extremely poor because they have not engineered it to reach all of the rooms. If you are totally on leisure and want to save some money, this is the place to be, but if you like amenities or need to get business done, this is not for you. Oh, nearly forgot that the included breakfast is a joke consisting (when I went this morning) of toast and orange juice.	
Mar 31 2009 	Hot room or noisy room sir?	Nice buildings, quite well renovated. Room very small, especially the shower cubicle. Room overheated, and the only way to lower temperature is to keep a window open day and night -- causing a lot of traffic noise inside the room. Basic, monotonous breakfast in a pleasant glass-roof conservatory. Staff not too friendly, averting their eyes, hardly replying to greetings. False fire alarms in the annex building every other day, very annoying, luckily not in the middle of night.	
Sep 28 2008 	Bring some ear plugs!	Hopefully of help to would be patrons - the Hotel is ok for spending the night in London. Generally it looks clean but there was a layer of dust on the TV and in the wardrobe of our room. We also found a 'Rentokill' box hidden in one corner of the room which tends to make you think that there is an unseen problem. The water pressure was almost non-existent from the sink but luckily the shower was reasonable.Sleep maybe possible if you take a room in the upper levels - we suffered from people going outside to smoke at all hours (and I mean all hours as the last crowd finally went in at around 03:45). The room doors have a nice gap a the bottom so the light streams into your room when someone walk down the corridor - and speaking of that, we had a drunk shouting at the top of his voice at 05:15. Breakfast starts at 07:30 which was our alarm clock due to the continuous sound of tables &amp; chairs being moved around on the upper floor.Breakfast was sparce and described by the person showed us to our room as &quot;continental and not much&quot;! There is very little room to squeeze between seated person on the 6 available tables.Overall our trip to town went well but I believe we'll stay somewhere else next time!	
Jun 23 2008 	A pity about Breakfast	I found this hotel on the net (1800hotels.ie) our stay hear was very nice. The room was spotlessly clean, bright and medium size. Even though we were next to the road the noise level was quite low. The Bus Stop is just down the road but the tube station is in Camden Town (15 minuet walk) the only down side to this hotel for us was BREAKFAST. They tell you it is B&amp;B Forget the second B not less you just like Tea / Coffee and toast .If they said nothing about breakfast or give a proper one I would give Corner House Hotel 100%. I would still recommend the hotel	
Oct 26 2009 	Jammer maar helaas!		
Oct 12 2009 	Solides Hotel in Citynähe		
Jul 11 2009 	bruyant !!!!		
Mar 10 2009	qualifica una stella scarsa		
Jan 4 2009 	Peccato potrebbe essere migliore con piccoli accorgimenti...		
