Oct 3 2009 	Worst hotel I've ever been to	There's no other hotel in any European country I've ever been to, to be worse than this one!The elevator was making a terrible noise, you could hear any noise from other rooms, the staff was so unhelpful and 'dangerous' looking, the breakfast was like from a 3rd world country, not Central London, the shaving kit in the bathroom was not working, the hair drier was not working, one window didn't close (!!!), I had to sleep with the window open, but most important was the fact that it was advertised that there will be WiFi and it wasn't. There was no coverage in my room. I earn my money from the Internet, they promised to offer that, but it wasn't. And they obviously didn't want to do anything about it.You REALLY have to consider before booking there.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great affordable Hotel - I'll be back.	I've stayed in some tips in my time visiting London. In fairness a cheap hotel in London is a cheap hotel - one knows what to expect. There probably won't be a chocolate on the pillow!This was a pleasant surprise. It was the usual small London size but it had quite a spacious bathroom with a great shower.The location is great, it's a 2 min walk around to Queensway (which has 2 tube stops on it) with a large choice of eateries and late night shops, including Marks+Spencer. It's also a few mins walk to Paddington Rail Station.If I had to complain the 5 chans on the tiny TV weren't of much interest and I didn't appreciate the chap with the Jackhammer kicking off at 8 am but that's hardly the Hotel's fault.I'll stay there again for a comfy night's sleep without breaking the bank.	
Aug 9 2009 	No complaints!	We booked this hotel very last minute (due to another hotel cancelling our reservation an hour before leaving home. We paid £180 for a triple room for two nights.The location was great, very close to two tubestations and ideal for the night bus home.The room was small, but clean and towels changed daily.Breakfast was continental (or £5 pppn supplement for english) we only had continental but it was fine!The hotel staff were pleasant, and overall I was very happy with the hotel.If you want somewhere just to lay your head thats clean and affordable, stay here.If you want 5* service luxury, then pay for it and don't stay here.Oh, one more thing, this hotel does not have a left luggage facility, though they let you keep your bags in the reception area AT YOUR OWN RISK. We left all of our belongings for a few hours and they were still there when we went back, but do be cautious. Take out any valuables and do not leave money or jewelery.	
Jul 13 2009 	Adequate but should be much better	I was traveling with my two teenage daughters and stayed for 2 nights. Location is excellent - could really not be much better. Service was adequate - we were not really asking for any and the beds were done thus nothing to complain there. What I still after all these years of traveling back and forth cannot understand is that it is totally &quot;acceptable&quot; to pay these prices for something of this level. The family rooms are always in the basement (there were 3 of us) with window opening to the door for deliveries - which I suppose could count as morming call with the first delivery men or stuff members moving around 6 or 7 a.m.. Rooms are usually damp änd stuffy with no air condition, everything in the room extremely well-worn (and not in a charming way), shower means cold without a hint of even lukewarm and breakfast is ...yes included but below basic. - and this hotel made no exception there. I understand the tough times and need to save where possible but would rather charge a few Euros/Pounds extra and at least show some paint in the rooms from time to time, replace some of the covers as well as offer something with any taste for breakfast. For 10-15 Euros more per night per room and willing to travel a bit further we got a totally different level of room &amp; excellent breakfast and still only 25-35 min by buss + tube from hotel to Leicester Square.In conclusion, the 3 points out of 5 is very generous, but didn't have the heart to give less.	
Jul 12 2009 	Stay way!!!	A horrible hotel. Breakfast - everything it at least one day old, coffee is luke warm. rooms are dirty - even after cleaning. I dropped a piece of paper on my third day there - and it stayed until I left. They do not change the sheets at all! did not change them for 8 days!!) .I had to stay because could not get another hotel. Came with my two daughters, both disabled. one in wheelchair. And though I contacted the hotel several times they did not tell me that it is not accessible. 5 steps to the room (a very small and unconvienient room), about 25 steps to the dining room. how are you supposed to do it with wheelchair and crutches? I called them a day before we arrived and elena promised me that the room is accessible (five steps!!!) and said nothing about the dining room. They are liars. this is a very bad hotel. do not go there!!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	a hotel to stay away from	this hotel in the bayswater section of london is under renovation, scaffolding all over the place. very small room with no drawers, our room overlooked a courtyard covered with all sorts of debris. since there is no air conditioning we had to keep our windows always open. the noise, muisc and shouting during the night was horrendous.. elevator was broken had to manuever our luggage up a very narrow staircase to the second floor.	
May 23 2009	satifactory as always	stayed at the Princes Square for the 6th time and again, everything was ok. Just don't expect too much of it and you'll be fine. Rooms are generally small, but adequate, and above all, very clean. True, some rooms look a bit dated, bathroom can be really tiny (although some rooms have bigger ones), remotes don't always work, or aren't there at all, but in my opinion, this isn't essential for a good stay.Breakfast was the best we had in 6 years and for the first time, the breakfast room wasn't busy at all!And the location is perfect. A quiet neighbourhood but only a few minutes away from Bayswater tube station. All in all, a nice place to stay.	
May 21 2009 	Not Bad - but nothing to write home about	We stayed here for about 4 nights during the London portion of a 16 day European tour. The best part about this hotel was the location; it was fantastic, right near the Bayswater Tube station and there were plenty of good restaurants in the vicinity. Our room was on the 3rd floor and the lift was broke, no big deal though... We had a triple, and the room was quite small for 3 people. The bathroom was especially small, when you were sitting on the toilet, your knees touched the sink. The staff was pretty nice for the most part but sort of had a &quot;we don't care&quot; attitude. The second day my mother's hairdryer took out all the electricity in the room so we went 2 days without power, and when we asked the front desk staff about it, they would say it was being looked at or they would tell us to ask the person working the front desk on the next shift. It was finally fixed our last day in London. This was my first time in London, and I've been told that the standard level of service in Hotels is different than the American level of service so all in all it really wasn't bad. The breakfast was quite good. Toast, Cereal, Yogurt, jams, juices, and coffee.	
May 5 2009 	Fine for one night.	Stay on an upper floor. We got our room just a couple days in advance and were not surprised that we probably had the worst room. It was on the ground floor in the back and felt more like a dorm room. The floors above creaked quite a bit in the morning. We didn't mind much as we were only there for a night and were not in the room except to sleep. I would stay again as long as we were staying on an upper floor. The room and bathroom were very clean.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good base for the City..	I booked this Hotel through Fastbooking.com 3 days before we travelled and managed to get 2 x triple rooms (with continental breakfast) for £79 per night. I thought this was a bargain and, having lived in London previously, knew the location was pretty good for the main tubes. Check-in:  Arrived about 4pm and the small reception was quite busy. My friend and our 3 kids hovered nearby as I waited to check-in. The foreign girl on reception told me to sit-down and wait my turn so I felt like a naughty school girl (i think she was in a bit of a flap coz it was busy). When I was eventually summoned to the desk we were asked to fill in our registration cards and were given 2 rooms almost straight away so she redeemed herself.Rooms:  Myself and my daughter had a small twin room (room 408) which was very clean, bathroom with double shower, and was very quiet (the area the hotel is in is exceptionally quiet for London). Beds not too bad but only one pillow although I didn't ask for an extra one. Tea &amp; Coffee which was nice + toiletries. My friend had the family room in the basement (room 902) which was HUGE (double bed, 2 singles, sofa and big bathroom) ... however, she said the noise from outside (bins being emptied at 2am) and above (directly under breakfast room so clanking and banging from 6am) was a nightmare so if you are wanting peace and quiet, try and get a room on a higher floor.Breakfast:This was really nice although the breakfast room is quite small. We were lucky to get a table, 10 seconds later and we would have had a long wait. Fresh fruit salad, yoghurts, cheese, croissants, brown and white toast, cereals and fruit juices. Everything you could want really. I understand they do a full English breakfast for a supplement but we did not bother.Location: The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Bayswater Tube and is in a nice, quiet and relatively &quot;safe&quot; area. Quite a few eateries and pubs nearby and a Tesco Express down the road which shuts at 11pm. Staff: Reception staff were OK, never saw the breakfast staff or cleanersFacilities: It could do with a small bar, mini-bars in the rooms or perhaps a drinks vending machine in the foyer/reception. There is NO restaurant.Checkout:Very smooth indeed and we were aloud to keep our cases in a room at reception until our train left at 5pm which was great. Overall::A very pleasant stay indeed. I have stayed at a number of larger and more expensive hotels in London and this beats many of them hands down (except the Premier Travel Inn, Kings Cross which is superb but twice the price). I would certainly recommend this and would stay there next time I was in London.	
Feb 2 2009 	Staff must do better!	Rooms were ok considering the price. (Stayed in a tripple and double) Bathrooms very clean. Breakfast great for a cheap hotel! Very god location, only 4 stations away från Oxfoord circus. Unfortunatly staff untrained and with bad attitude. Hyde park was close. Not a noisy area. Taxi into centre(Piccadilly) about 16 pounds at night.	
Jan 12 2009 	great value	My partner and I stayed at this hotel as we were attending a wedding at the New West End Synagogue in St Petersburgh Place. It was easy to find, good location near Bayswater tube. The room was a good size, clean and had everything we needed for our short stay. Check in / out was quick and staff were helpful.	
Jan 2 2009 	Must Do Better !!!	On our arrival we were given a cold and damp tiny family room located downstairs (double bed and single bed) with wallpaper hanging off the walls and cobwebs on ceilings.Very unfriendly staff and poor continental breakfast. However centrally located close to Bayswater train station and lots of shops and restaurants. Would not really class this as a hotel, rather a guest house.Service could have been improved by a smile from the staff.	
Dec 17 2008	The warm and cozy Princes Square	We stayed at Princes Square for a weekend early november, and we loved it! We have been to London before and didn't have any expectations whatsoever for the accomodation. We got a very nice room on 2. floor, (think it was nr 101) clean, new bathroom with a wonderful and big shower with steaming hot water, and big soft and fresh towels every day. We also loved the continental breakfast, never anything missing, and an abbundant english breakfast for a 5 pound fee. Always hot and nice inside the hotel, and a comfortable elevator. The only little thing we didnt like was that you easily could hear the neighbour's rooms because of no isolated walls. We anyway felt that this was the perfect base for a stay in London, situated in a quiet neighbourhood, but only 2 minute walk from busy Queens Road and both Bayswater and Queens tubestation. We will definately come back for more stays.Marte &amp; Marco Antonelli	
Dec 1 2008 	What a relief	Having booked the wrong hotel (same name, different planet) for our weekend in london, it was heaven to cancel after one night and book into the Princes Square instead. Room and bathroom were spotless as were all common areas. Beds were very comfortable. Shower very good. Breakfast was standard continental, only downside to this was speed that everything was cleared away as soon as it was 10 o'clock so would advise being prompt! The staff were friendly and efficient and allowed to leave luggage in allocated area both before check-in and after check-out. Hear quite a bit of noise from within the hotel early morning so would not recommend for light sleepers but everything else excellent.	
Nov 16 2008 	Excellent hotel and superb value for money	Having searched the internet for the best value 3 star hotel in Bayswater, I found this hotel.The pictures and reviews looked good, but the price off £49 per night for one person was the most expensive London room I have paid to date.I arrived at the hotel, the area of course nice, but the hotel building looked a bit run down.It was not dreadful, but it could have done with a lick of paint.Anyway, I checked in which was easy, the receptionist was ok but could have been more friendly.The lift was a nice modern one, and my room was on the 3rd floor.The hallway and room was very clean, and looked like they had been decorated recently.My room, 302, had 2 single beds and a large bathroom for London. The wallpaper was modern looking, the wardrobe etcs was very clean. I was suprised to see a remote for the tv as with many cheap hotels in London a remote is like gold dust! For the price, it was value for money. I thought the windows were not in good condition, but it didnt really bother me. At night the room was really warm, and during the day it was fine. I heard no traffic noise what so ever or any noise from the other rooms (at times it felt like i was the only guest there - i didnt see anyone else and the lift was always on the floor i was on)I didnt have breakfast as I never do in hotels, but I noticed for an extra £5 you can get a english breakfast.A great bonus was that it was a 5 minute walk to the shops and tube.Overall, it was a very pleasant stay, and I would defintely stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 14 2008 	good price value	V good location, just 400m to the Bayswater Station and a few more to Queensway Underground. A lot of fast food in the area if you need to eat. I'm mixed with my feelings about the room I had or the hotel : for the positive ones it was quite big for London, the bathroom was modern and clean, there is a lift, and the continental breakfeast is included ; for the negative ones the room is really badly built, for example you have to close 2 doors to put the light on in the bathroom, the windows are as insonorized as nothing, so you think the windows are open... but no. So I won't recommend it for light sleepers.So I would recommend this hotel as long as you don't pay too much (I payed 61 £/night)...	
Oct 17 2008 	Small but fine for the price!	We stayed September 16th and 17th. The hotel was as advertised. Very basic and small (by American standards) but what do you expect for London. The location was GREAT for going anywhere, with two tube stations within a 5 minute walk. Plenty of dining options nearby as well. The room was small but clean (most important feature if you ask us). Basic amenities were fine.The staff was quite friendly and helpful, and I observed them helping several other guests as well. We flew out of Luton airport and the staff coordinated a private car for us to go to the airport at 3;45am at a very reasonable rate.All in all worth the money!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Great location and clean	Great location, near the tube and lots of cafe and restuarant nearby. It is a cute area. Breakfast is good enough including fruit, cereals, bread, and are certainly refilled. Room is small but clean. One downside is the shower is not very strong.	
Sep 15 2008 	Basic but clean	We stayed in this hotel for one night, the location was excellent for Hyde park although it was a long walk to get to Marble Arch and Oxord St. the area was lovely and close to shops and cafe bars. The hotel its self was quite basic but clean, the only real down side was the staff didn't really make you feel to welcome just like they were going through the routine. one warning I would have is don't be late for breakfast, which wasn't anything special as the clear everything away the second it hit 10am and we were then as we finished eating and drinking we were told abruptley breakfast was finished and were made to feel in the way!	
Sep 2 2008 	Good but could do better	Locationwise this hotel is great, on a quiet street only a few minutes walk from the tube station. Also it was close to the local park, shops and eateries(ranging from fast food to pub grub to international cuisine)On the downside the room we had was just about adequate for two people and the baggage they carry. The bed was just about comfortable enough and the pillows were really soft and unsupportive.The shower could have been cleaner as there was a significant build up of mould in the grouting and the plughole was slightly blocked and not letting water out as fast as as it should be, leaving you standing in a puddle once you had finished washing. The absence of air-conditioning in the room was greatly noticed as over the weekend which we stayed the weather was really hot and humid and said air-conditioning would have been a great bonus especially when trying to sleep at night. The breakfast was fine, a basic selection of cereals, fruit salad, toast(which you made yourself) and tea or coffee.The staff did not really go out of their way to be nice. They were professional without being overly friendly. We got the feeling that they really did not want to be answering any questions we had.The overall impression that we were left with of the hotel was good but it would not take much to make it better. But then again it was reletively cheap and in a good area so the shortfalls could be overlooked.So to anyone thinking about booking this hotel be aware that you gets whats you pays for.	
Jun 10 2008 	Good Location	Stayed here for 2 nights whilst in London to see a gig at Wembley. Rooms small &amp; bathroom tiny (door opened outwards and you could only lean over the sink with the door open!) Also very hot, but it was a hot weekend. Bedding and towels clean and bed comfy though.Location great for tube and central London, 2 mins from local High St with plenty of restaurants, pubs etc. Didn't hear any traffic noise, but did hear the African dance class at the Fitness Studio at the back on the first evening! Didn't really bother us though.Staff very friendly, can't comment on breakfast as we didn't go for it although it was included in the price.All in all, good value for money for London - it was clean and served its purpose without breaking the bank. Although we would normally book something a bit posher we didn't have any cause to complain for the money we paid!	
Jun 5 2008 	Good location good value for money.	Nice room, spacious enough, comfortable bed and the en-suite was good, not like the 'pods' you find in newer chain hotels.Small things like a courtesy tray (not always supplied elsewhere) and a TV which actually worked were appreciated. Location is also good...on a relatively quiet street yet only 5 minutes walk from a street with a multitude of shops &amp; restaurants and an Underground station for fast access to central London. The only minus point I can think of is that although breakfast was OK, it could have been improved without too much effort.	
Apr 9 2008 	OK - good value for money	We stayed for 2 nights in February. It is a standard london 3 star hotel. The hotel's location is very good to visit London. Staff is very helpfull. Good value for money.	
Apr 3 2008 	stayed there three times	I stayed in this hotel 3 times in 2007. I really like it. Perfect location (parks, sights, underground etc.), the price (for London) is quite reasonable. Very clean bathrooms and bed-linen.	
Jan 18 2008 	Very good value	My wife and i stayed here for two nights in January 2008 when we visited London to see a couple of shows. Clean room, a bit small but good enough, good continental breakfast, handy to underground stations, very good value for London hotel and would stay here again without hesitation.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good value for money	I think some of the people reviewing this hotel must be used to much grander things than us; either that or just like complaining! What on earth do people expect for this sort of money? We only paid £50 for a double room inc. breakfast. The hotel is in a perfect location in a leafy part of Bayswater, literally five minutes walk from the tube. Our double room (209) was of adequate size and cleaned every day. The bathroom and shower were of a good standard. The help-yourself breakfast suited us perfectly as you were left to your own devises and not watched over by fussing staff. The only gripe was the missing remote control for the TV and the running battle with reception staff to find one (took a day and a half for one to turn up) but it did eventually. We didn't notice any traffic noise (the people who commented on traffic noise must live in the middle of nowhere to think this is noisy!!!) The only noise we noticed was the creaking floorboards from the room above but nothing to worry about. We will definitely come again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Dissappointing Hotel	LOCATION: The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of the Bayswater Tube Station.SURROUNDINGS: The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood. A few pubs are nearby, along with fast food restaurants, and other sit down restaurants. Small grocery stores are also nearby which we took advantage of.ROOM: Absolutely the worst hotel I have stayed in my entire life. The rooms are small. We had three beds in our room which made it that much smaller. The first room we were offered was worst than the one we ended up staying in. In the first room, to get to the bathroom, you had to step over the corner of one of the three beds, and then the bathroom was a step down from the main floor. Try doing that at night. In the room we ended up staying in, the bathroom was three steps up from the main floor. What a horrible configuration! Yes, I understand the hotel was converted into its current form from Victorian townhouses. The rooms have no air-conditioning, but the staff did provide a tower fan after we asked. An LA Fitness center was located just outside our room. With the window open to cool down our room, the music and yelling from an aerobics exercise class came right into our room. The door to the aerobics class was open, and we could see directly into the room.BEDS: The beds in the room were horrible - very uncomfortable. You could feel the springs when you laid on the bed. The beds in the room should have been replaced as they were worn out.STAFF: Pleasant, helpful when you asked for help. However, they didn't come close to the standard of the staff for hotels we visited in Germany, Italy, and France on this trip.BREAKFAST: Breakfast is served in a cramped room in the basement of the hotel. The continental breakfast is included, and was adequate at best. The English breakfast costs 5£. The breakfast was below standard compared to hotels we stayed in Germany, Italy, and France. Perhaps this is the way London is. If this is the case, these are low standards in my opinion.VALUE: Overpriced. This hotel is not worth the price we paid. If I had known this was what to expect, I would have found another hotel.OVERALL: Don't stay at this hotel if you have any reasonable expectations. Another reviewer mentioned perspective. I guess my expectations aren't as low as their's. I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Fair value for money and good location	I have stayed in Princes Square in February 2007 for 1 week together with my wife. If you choose a 3* hotel in London you should not expect for large rooms,a big lobby and 2 a la carte restaurants. Princess Square is very well located: 3 minutes to walk to reach Bayswater or Queensbay undergorund stations and only 5 minutes to reach Hyde Park which is a must when visiting London. The neighbourhood is nice and safe. You cand find 2-3 very good pubs near the hotel.The rooms are small but clean and properly refurbished with a modern bathroom. There are no A/C so, for the summer, please consider this incovenient but in the winter the hotel has good heating.About London, I want to mention that it worth any minute and penny spent there.	
Apr 14 2007	No way!	Rooms were very hot. Foyer was always full of smoke. OK lcoation near Bayswater tube station but not many places to eat. Not very helpful staff.	
Mar 28 2007 	A nice place to stay	Clean, friendly hotel at the right price. Very accomodating and helpful.	
Mar 3 2007 	Thumbs down	My girlfriend and I have been to London 4 times the last 5 years and I've been elsewhere in Britain probably about 30 times so I'm quite familiar with the standard you can expect. The Princes Square hotel was a disappointment compared to the 3 star alternatives nearby. The rooms makes you feel claustrophobic (small like in other hotels, but the rooms are narrow and tall and there are doors everywhere giving you a very closed in feeling). There was a strong draft from the windows and noise from the street came straight in. The TV was tiny, had the colors all wrong and there was no remote. The look and feel of the hotel gives you a rather cheap feeling.The bathroom was much nicer than the rest, not as clean as it should have been though and there was no soap available.The breakfast was edible, but there was little to choose from. We really missed the food we had the last time we visited and stayed at Henry VIII.MBergen, Norway	
Mar 2 2007 	Great Value for Money	We did have difficulty finding the hotel, but once there, first impressions were good. The staff were friendly and the bar and reception area looked very nice. The rooms were a little small and you could hear traffic noise outside, but these were my only complaints. Very good value for money at just under £70 for a twin room. Good location for Queensway and Bayswater tube stations. Nice area with lots of restaurants and waffle houses. The breakfast was good with lots to choose from and for an extra £5 you could have full cooked breakfst. All in all a pleasant stay. Would recommend &amp; would return.	
Sep 29 2006 	Better hotels for same price	I stay in London every two weeks for business so have checked out quite a few hotels. Last week I tried to get into Vancouver Studios or the Mayflower Hotel but both were full so I ended up at Kyriad Princes Square. I had quite a large room, but it was in the basement at the front of the building. It was quite a hot day but I couldn't sleep with the window open as it went directly out to the steps on the street. In terms of comfort the room was okay. Just nothing special. It was very clean, but I think the problem is that no matter how spotless they try to keep the rooms here the decor is such that it feels old and tired. The receptionist was very pleasant. I did not stay for breakfast.There is nothing particularly wrong with this hotel, and it has a good location, i would just say that there are far better hotels for the same price. The Vancouver Studios just around the corner is spot on. Modern, clean, great public areas, great staff. If you can get a room here I would say it is far better. They also have kitchen units in each room making it far easier to cater for yourself - there are plenty of supermarkets in the area where you can buy food. Another alternative is the Mayflower in Earl's Court which I think offers fantastic value for money. i would prefer the location of Vancouver Studios though, more to do, close to Notting Hill, Westbourne Grove etc.	
Sep 27 2006 	ok but single rooms for dwarfs only	i spent 5 nights at the kyriad princes square hotel this month. i can tell that this hotel left a positive impression on me; i would not hesitate to book it again. my room was furnished with simple but modern furniture and the bathroom seemed to be renovated not too long ago and was spotless. unfortunately my single room was very small (i know this problem from other budget hotels in london) so that i (5.4 ft., normal weight) could only move sideways between the bed and a drawer. there is also very little space for a suitcase. the door of the shower-bath could not be opened completely as it hit the toilet so that i had to slip into the shower and out of it sideways. just as i mentioned above, i am just 5.4 ft, so any big person may be warned against booking a single room at the kyriad princes square !! the breakfast was ok, they offered toast, cheese, muesli, cereal, yoghurt and jam. although the room was very tiny i would book this hotel again as i stayed at hotels of the same price range where the rooms were not only small but, unlike those of the kyriad princes square, also grungy.	
Aug 8 2006	what a lousy hotel	pro:locationcons:unfriendly stafflousy breakfeastrooms were cleaned, even when the &quot;do not disturb&quot;-sign was displayedexpensive	
Jun 30 2006	Perspective people!	I think previous reviewers might benefit from putting things into perspective. Given that it was our first trip to London, traveling on the Aussie Dollar, we were warned to set our expectations low, small rooms and very average service. After much web trawling and using trip advisor as our guide we booked Kyriad Princes Square for 8 nights and braced ourselves. We were pleasantly surprised. LOCATION: Excellent location. You could not ask for better location- just a short walk to Bayswater tube station, on both the Circle and District lines and only one stop from Paddington station (major interchange). Located close to Bayswater road which has all the conveniences travelers need: Tescos, McDonalds, Souvenir stores. You can easily walk to Hyde Park and a little further to Notting Hill.ROOMS: Better than we expected. With very low expectations we were pleasantly surprised, the room (yes) was small by our standards but by European standards was fair. The private bathroom was separated from the beds by a short hallway and there was enough room around the beds for luggage and to walk around the edge of the bed. The room was clean and everything necessary was provided. There was some peeling wallpaper and upstairs creaked a little when guests were departing in the morning but all of this was within reasonable standards.SERVICE: The staff were efficient and helpful whenever we needed them. The staff allowed us to leave our luggage in the lobby when we arrived 5 hours early for check in. They were happy to help us with booking tours and to give directions. Most significantly, after checking out we realised we had left behind some of our belongings, we called the staff and requested that they locate and hold them for us. Three weeks later we (skeptically) returned to see is our belongings were there, not only did they keep all of our items for us the remembered us and offered us a room for the night. Very helpful service.BREAKFAST: Well average at best. But really people what do we expect? It was fine- toast, spreads, cereal, cheese, yoghurt, tea, coffee, juice. Basic but sufficient. OVERALL: We would definitely stay here again mostly due to the great location and clean basic room.	
Jun 27 2006	Charming hotel in a charming an quiet neighbourhood	We stayed at Kyriad Princes Square hotel 5 nights in june 2006, and really enjoyd our stay.We were 5 persons in two rooms, and payed 840£ in total.Because it was so cheap we did not expect very much at all, but we really did get much for our money. The rooms were not big, but they were very tidy and clean. So were the bathrooms, and they were not small at all. The breakfast was just fine and simple, and included all we needed. Tina in the reception was very nice and so were the other stuff we met. The girls cleaning our rooms did a great job, and they were so sweet and charming. Clean towels everyday! The location is just GREAT!! And the area seems quiet and secure, with lot of good shops, and restaurants along Queensway. 5 minutes walk to Bayswater Underground was perfect. If you are looking for a luxury hotel, this is not the right place, but if you are looking for personality and cleanleness, this is good. And if you like mexican food, go to the shoppingcenter Whiteleys, 2. floor, at the restaurant Oscars, their food is just great!! We are sorry we didn't discover it before the day we were going home.	
May 21 2006	Will be back!!	The hotel was well located near to Bayswater station. We stayed for three nights. The receptionist was friendly and also advised us on what we could do whilst we were there when asked. She also sold us tickets for several attractions which were the same price as when we went to the attractions as she had said to us but it saved us queuing! The rooms are not large but we have stayed in several London hotels and we know they are tiny compared to the most of the world. This was better than many of the so called 3 star hotels in London. Both the room and the bathroom were very clean. Continental breakfast was adequate for us and included in the price. We treated ourselves to English breakfast once at an extra cost and it was a nice change Overall I would thoroughly recommend the Princes Square as it is a clean and friendly hotel in a good location in central London. This will be my regular place when I visit London from now on!	
Apr 24 2006	Kyriad Princes never again		
Nov 30 2005	They left my door open all day while I was out! Worst hotel stay ever!!		
Nov 1 2005	Affordable Clean Hotel in a Great Location		
Jul 3 2005	Not bad at all and good value for money.		
Oct 7 2004	Clean lots of space and friendly staff!		
Jun 3 2004	Experienced Lon visitor - this hotel is terrible!		
Apr 5 2004	Not customer service friendly...		
Mar 18 2004	Great medium-budget location for a London-trip		
Nov 12 2009 	falta de idiomas		
Oct 30 2009 	Un peu moyen...		
May 27 2009 	un hotel con troppi difetti		
Apr 29 2009 	Escapade Londonienne		
Aug 25 2008 	Alojamiento económico y correcto		
Jun 3 2008 	Estremamente soddisfatti		
Apr 13 2008 	Pulito confortevole		
Mar 18 2008	Buona sistemazione		
Mar 10 2008 	un hotel parfait pour Londres!!!		
Nov 1 2007 	buon compromesso		
Jul 4 2007 	Billig - in jeder Hinsicht :-(		
Apr 16 2007	Cosy mais peut mieux faire		
Mar 27 2007	gute Lage mäßige Ausstattung		
Feb 16 2005	Semplice piccolo ma pulito		
