Oct 28 2009 	BED BUGS!!!! DO NOT BOOK!	- BED BUGS! Hundreds of bites to deal with!. Cost over 300 Pounds in medical care, moving to a last minute hotel, and cleaning all of our belongings before returning home. - Black Mold covering bathrooms and showers. - Suffered a 2nd degree burn from extremely hot reading lamp - hotel had no first-aid equipment, so ended up with serious infection. - Staff unfriendly and rude.- Breakfast terrible- Dirty rooms- No electrical outlets - staff said &quot;you can leave your mobile phone at reception for the night to charge it&quot; - NO THANK YOU!!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO STAY IN SAFE, SANITARY CONDITIONS!	
Oct 26 2009 	You get what you pay (not much)	We had a four-persons-bedroom, lots of space, shared toilet which could not be locked, shared shower. Bedroom, toilet, shower were only on the service clean, dirt in the edges, etc. No bugs. Clean blankets. Watercookers tea and coffe free in the room. Breakfast simple: awfull croisant, some o.k. toast, marmelade, good cereals, and juice free to take. So I would say if you like clean and luxury don't go here. If you're on the budget, you can survive... Victoriastation is 10-15 minutes walk. Street feels save at night.	
Oct 7 2009 	Never Never Never!!!!	Please DO NOT book with this hotel. Myself and a friend had booked to stay with them for 2 nights but after one night of complete hell we left. We booked a double ensuite room, when we arrived we were shown to a family room with shared facilities. The room was a disgrace, there was a double bed and 2 singles squashed into the room with hardly any room to move. We couldn't even fit a small suitcase on the floor. It had dirty thin curtains that were stapled to the window with a gap big enough for people to see in our room. The sink was falling off the wall and there was no storage space. The shower and toilet facilities were dirty and in need of repair. The rooms are within close promximity of one another and we had noisy neighbours (not the hotels fault we understand). We woke the next morning got our belongings together and went to reception at 7.00am to complain and request a refund in order for us to move to another hotel. We were met at reception with rude comments from the staff and told to wait an hour and half for the manager to arrive to deal with the problem. We went to breakfast and didn't get anything better. Mouldy bread and smelly milk!! We left without eating or drinking anything and waited in reception. When the manager arrived at 8.30 he did not wish to listen to our explainations and barked that we would be moved to another room but would have to wait until 2 o'clock. We were going to the theatre on the other side of London and the show started at 3. We said this was unfair and asked if the cleaner would clean a room that was vacated so we could sort ourselves out. After basically being told to get lost we demanded a refund and expressed how unhappy we were and wanted to leave. The manager after shouting at us and calling us liars eventually gave us a refund. Please don't book with this hotel. I can't express enough how much it could have ruined our visit to London. We managed to find a hotel just around the corner and were able to check in at 9.30. The Edward House Hotel is a 5 minute walk from Victoria Coach and Train stations. We checked in and were offered breakfast even though the kitchen was due to close. The manager was super friendly and very accomodating. The rooms although basic were very spacious and comfortable. One of the best beds i've ever slept on in a budget hotel. Tea and coffee making facilities within the room and a fantastic ensuite shower room with wc and sink. I would recommend if your not fussy on a fancy hotel and want something affordable, basic and with a brilliant location go with Edward House Hotel.	
Nov 19 2008 	Olympic Hotel Disqualified	I believe there are two Olympic hotels in London. Whatever you do, don't book this hotel. It was one of the most disqusting hotels that I have ever stayed at. After spending a great weekend at the Jurys Inn hotel in Ireland, we came back to this dump. The room was &quot;NOT&quot; clean, and that was only the beginning. Outside our window was debris from some construcion project that was taking place from one of three building. The first night I didn't sleep as I felt that I had bugs crawling all over myself. I didn't, but that's how dirty the room felt. Now for the real dirt. The bathrooms(not in your room, but of the community nature) were down right disqusting. There is no way that these bathrooms would be open in the United States. To make it quick and painful, the bathroom was very small, with a shower curtain that had been placed in the bathroom in the early 40's. The shower ceiling was totally covered in dark Black mold. And I do mean totally covered with Mold. We never ate the breakfast for fear of food posioning. In closing I would strongly suggest no one stay at this hotel. totally disappointed from Upstate New York.	
Oct 21 2009 	che schifooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Jun 1 2009 	katastrophsky		
May 12 2009 	La situacion es lo unico bueno		
Mar 11 2009 	Je vous déconseille !		
