Nov 23 2009 	Dame Edith Evans Lived Here...hopefully not in that basement room!	Stayed at this 'hotel' on Saturday 21st November 2009 for one night (thankfully).Wonerful check-in staff and very helpful desk service, great location BUT I recommend you DO NOT beleive the photos on their website!We were in the club double room, (or tomb), since it is in thebasement next to the housekeeping room which gets noisy quite early in the morning! Bed looked huge, WITH A FULL LENGTH HEADBOARD, but when we climbed in we discovered it was two beds pushed together! there was no desk, a sofa was shoved in but underneath the wall mounted TV making it impossible to watch without being on the bed.Had to climb on a chair to operate the air con, an the bathroom was pretty but glad I didn't take the cat - wouldn't have been able to swng him in there! Arrived back cold and wet in the evening looking forward to a hot bath - only to discover there was no hot water! No one on Reception after 11 to help out...naff! (Water was back on next morning).Awoken early by housekeeping going in and out of the room next to us....!!Opening the curtains wasn't an option (opened them once to have a guy walking past shout &quot;Hello Sistah&quot;) since they could see straight in from the street!Claims to be 5 star (without a bathrobe, pair of slippers, notepad pen or mini-bar with anything other than soft drinks I cannot see how they have made this claim.)When we complained we were told it was a twin room - with a double headboard? I think not, I think we were' had.'Expensive mistake and I'm curious about the other rave reviews....reckon we were given a dud!	
Sep 13 2009 	Fantastically convenient for Victoria and the Gatwick Express	I stayed here for one night on business and was given the Club Room in the basement, which was very spacious and suited me very well. I had a very warm welcome, and booked breakfast for 7.30 - contrary to a previous review, they now offer a range of choices from continental to full English, served in the room.Happily, I was in a very good mood in the morning when I rang reception at 7.45 to enquire about breakfast to be told it had been booked for 9.30 by mistake. I simply went out, but it might have spoiled my day. Naturally, I wasn't charged for the meal when I checked out, but it would have been nice if a couple of words of apology had been offered.Nevertheless, I will be back.Please note this is an old Georgian house and completely unsuitable for anyone with reduced mobility - there are several steep steps up to the front door for starters and a very heavy front door - of course every assistance is given, but useful I hope for anyone who needs to know this.	
Aug 22 2009	A secret escape from the city in the city!	What a find! Best price by direct phone call rather than on-lo-ine and the 'last minute' type sites.Travelled up to see a show in Victoria area. Coached up to Victoria station, the hotel literally 2 mins walk from the station. Theatre 4 mins from the hotel. !! themed rooms. Clean, small, well equiped, very clean, new air conditioning, flat screen TV, mini bar in fridge - plenty of room to store own goodies too. Quiet night - no traffic!!!! Only do room service - lovely lite continental for £6.95. Reception staff friendly and helpful. Able to check in 2 hours earlier than stated with nice late check out time of 12.00. Held our bags for the day whilst we did London town. Sight seeing tour bus pick up from the end of the road. Really nice corner coffee shop in Begravia (just a minute away) that make gorgeous freshly filled baggettes etc.	
Jan 1 2009 	Nice pleasant small hotel	We came London for the New Year celebrations and wanted a hotel near to Westminster so that we could walk to and from the firework diplay on the Thames. The Lord Milner fitted the bill.We booked a few months in advance and paid £165 per night, and thought this was reasonable for New Year, though without breakfast.A £12 taxi ride from Euston Station (though directly on the Victoria tube line). An easy hotel to miss, the entrance is small, as is the name sign. Reception was efficient and she showed us to our room in a friendly way. The small lift is very handy, as the stairs are narrow and steep if you have luggage.We stayed in the Lord Milner room with its lovely 4 poster bed and canopy - very romantic. The bed was very comfy and though we faced the main road, it is a quiet street in Belgravia, with very little traffic noise. Nice size flat screen TV and a working remote. Complimentary soft drinks and water in the fridge. Handy for the champagne for New Year!! Also tea and coffee making facilities. There was a trouser press and hairdryer, but no iron or board, though these were said to be available from reception. All very clean and tidy. Sufficient storage.The bathroom was a reasonable size for a city centre hotel and was a lovely dark brown marble. Good size bath and shower. No bidet. Nice quality fitments and soaps atc.We did not try the breakfast, but ate at a cafe in the next street to the left of the hotel.&quot;Camelo&quot; I think. Good full english with coffee and toast for a few pounds each. Plenty of bars and restaurants nearby.Victoria train station and the tube are 5 mins walk.Overall a pleasant small boutique hotel in an upmarket area of London.	
Oct 29 2008 	Very enjoyable	Stumbled across the Lord Milner at the last minute on Laterooms.com, and got a large room in the basement for £135. Can recognise some but not all of the previous comments - for one, the staff we met were exceptional and nothing was too much trouble. The &quot;hotel&quot; is more of a high class B&amp;B in some senses - e.g. there is only a continental breakfast served to your room and there is no recptionist after hours (although someone is contactable throughout the night) - but notwithstanding, the receptionist-cum-breakfast-maker was absoutely charming and offered more than hotel standards of service.The room was spacious, very nicely decorated and with a large, comfy bed. Free wi-fi was a bonus, as were complimentary bottles of mineral water and cans of Coke in the fridge. Despite being along a fairly busy road, the room was very quiet.Bathroom was decorated nicely in marble, with high quality toiletries, and generally the state of decor was good, I'd say. The only slight quibble was the lack of plugs in our room - e.g. to plug in a laptop we had to sit on the opposite side of the room from the table.Would probably not pay their list price of £190, but for the money we paid it compared well with other, less personal, London hotels. Location is good too, with the Ebury St Wine Bar just down the road and Boisdales a bit further - both very well-known places to eat. The Victoria stations are a short walk too.All in all, would certainly stay again.	
Jun 27 2008 	Good but not great	I booked the hotel for my wife's 30th birthday - I booked 3 nights stay here.Our room was a good size, it was on the top floor which involved a lift and then more stairs to the room.The room was clean and quite stylish. We had to use the fan each night as the room became very warm in the evening and they did not have air-con.One window in the room did not close properly - not an issue as it was too hot in the room anyway, but would have been if it was a different time of year. On our third night the hot water was not working in any room of the hotel - we had to make do with boiling the kettle several times and slowly filling up the bath. This put our final evening back by an hour or so - just one of those things I guess, we were unlucky?The location was good - 5 mins to either Victoria or Sloane Street tube. A reasonably quiet street too. A good base and away from the crowds.We did enjoy our stay overall - I would mark it as a 3 or 4 star hotel/boutique b&amp;b.	
Apr 14 2008	Felt like 60 Minute Makeover had done the decorating...	This hotel looks lovely in photos and I was really expecting a boutique hotel....however, the room we were in felt like it had been decorated by 60 Minute Makeover - all fur coat and no knickers.....it looked nice on the surface but things just hadn't been finished properly. the carpet was coming away even though it was new, the shower leaked, the floor upstairs squeaked everytime someone moved (even in bed, which was more than annoying).When booking, there was also no mention of just how many stairs there were (even on the same floor, not just up a 'flight' of stairs), so this was a complete nightmare with any bags bigger than ones you could carry on your shoulder.The guy also tried to charge us £20 more for the room and when this was pointed out to him, he said it was just an error, although after reading another review, this seems like regular practice?!The weirdest thing about the room itself was that there was no plug by the dressing table, so to dry hair, you have to sit on a chair at the other side of the room. Really odd and in no way convenient!!We would not stay there again.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great value	We initially stayed at Lord Milner for 3 nights and found the staff to be very professional and friendly, the room immaculate and beautifully decorated. Although small it was totally adequate, considering the price. Lovely bathroom. Great having a lift and also free internet access. After we checked out they looked after our luggage as we weren't leaving London until later in the day. Nothing was any trouble.We had to return to London for 1 night in January and chose the Lord Milner again as it is just around the corner from Victoria Coach Station which we needed to get to the next day. Staff recognised us from our previous stay and upgraded us at no extra charge. Room was larger but basement level which I would personally not want to have for a longer stay but it was again spotless and very well furnished.I am returning to London in May and would definitely stay again.The Lord Milner is within easy walk of Victoria Station and Sloane Square yet is on a very quiet street.	
Dec 20 2007 	Quaint Hotel Staff nowhere to be found	We arrived at the hotel, and nearly missed it because there are hardly any signs from the outside. Once we got there, we ended up waiting because there was no one at the front desk. So we wait around in the cold for around 15 minutes until someone comes down to the door. It seems that she was sleeping in one of the vacant rooms.Our room wasn't ready yet, so we ask to use the facilities just to wash our hands and use the restroom. The attendant said that there isn't a restroom available. (There is no real lobby!) Well how about the room that she was sleeping in? Anyways after much disgruntlement, we're allowed to freshen up in the garden suite, which I admit looked quite charming.After freshening up, we again ask when our room will be done. The attendant said she doesn't know. In the meantime there's this couple who is checking out from the room nearest the front desk. We are told to leave and come back. When we do, we realize that our room was that very same room that the other couple just checked out of. Can't they just give us a straight answer for once?So, our room is the cheapest room in the hotel. The room is small, barely large enough to walk around the room. That's fine - it's what we expect. There is no tissue in our room. We call the front desk, and receive napkins instead. I guess tissue paper is not something that they stock.We settled in, and realize that the TV doesn't work. So, normally one would complain to the front desk, right? Well, after 9:30 PM or so, the front desk person left and there's no one to talk to. We eventually find a telephone number on the front door of the hotel, which they say to call if there's a problem. No one answered the phone when we called.When we check out and complain about our poor service, we feel like we were talking to deaf ears. One of the worst hotel experiences ever with regards to the staff. I'm not sure how this hotel received so many stars. I would say this hotel should be more along the 3-star rating. The only thing that was good about Lord Milner is its proximity to Victoria Station.	
Dec 7 2007 	Lovely boutique hotel	The Lord Milner is a lovely boutique hotel near Victoria Station in London. I found them on the internet as I was looking for an alternative to the usual business hotels I stay in (you get bored very quickly when travelling). The rooms are great value for London - very comfortable beds, good LCD tvs etc. The staff were absolutely lovely and it has a much more intimate feel than larger hotels. It has only been open a year and I gather they are still finding their feet and &quot;tweaking&quot; all the different rooms. Breakfast is brought to your room and is beautifully presented. I was somewhat annoyed that I only discovered it just before I left. It also has free internet access in each room which is a bonus (and free water bottles and coke etc in a mini fridge). My only comment is that I was surprised not to find an iron and ironing board in the rooms. I am sure they would have brought one if asked but it always irritates me to have to track one down.I will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Shocked!!!	My other half booked this room for me as a birthday present, checked into the hotel, it was small, but the staff was very friendly.Once we checked in, the staff actually took the wrong amount of payment? OK fair enough, accidents do happen and he void the payment off straight away.Please do bare in mind that we are in the middle of Victoria therefore it is common sense if there is no view from our room which I do not mind at all as the room itself was nice, clean and the bathroom was lush, so we over see the fact the bedroom itself was pretty small. Good thing though, everything in the room was complimentary, including coke, water coffee etc etc.Next day we ordered room service breakfast and me and my other half really enjoyed the lovely breakfast and the room service staff are friendly as well.So everything was jolly good until I was tidying up and holding my coffee pot then I felt something was dripping, I thought oh dear, did I spill the coffee on the bed... no.... it was bloody dripping onto the bedding!!! why? Because there was a cut on the coffee pot and I cut myself from it!!!!!!!it was a rather deep cut and surely if the room service staff checked the coffee pot before sending this up to my room then it won't even happened!I was shocked with their lack of health and safety aspect! ( Please note that both myself and my other half used to work in the same industry and my other half is still working in hospitality which the receptionist is fully aware of this!!!)I took the coffee pot down to the reception and all the receptionist said was, ' sorry, I should check it before.' Of course you should check this before! You claim your hotel is a five star hotel which I do not disagree, however shouldn't it be the staff's responsibility to ensure the basic standards are satisfactory. eg, not serving a guest a broken coffee pot? It was sad to be disappointed by little things like this.	
Dec 2 2007 	Quiet place at a great location	We found the Lord Milner on a referral from another hotel down the street that was booked. The rooms are small but very nicely appointed. The location is just a couple of short blocks from Victoria Station which makes it perfect for catching the train to Gatwick Airport. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the hotel is on a very quiet side street.	
Oct 7 2007	Rude and Incompetent	Though we can't speak to the quality of the hotel, we can attest to the experience of making a reservation. First off, they do not take American Express. We discovered why when they charged our Visa for a full night stay because we did not cancel our reservation in time. We called two days before our scheduled arrival but no one answered the phone. We continued to call and finally were able to reach someone. They said that we called a couple hours too late (watch out for the tiny fine print on their website that says you must cancel exactly 48 hours out) and went ahead and charged our card $250. Now we are in a lengthy dispute (which would never be a problem had we been able to use American Express) and the hotel has an especially rude and vindictive tone. Incredibly unprofessional not to mention unhospitable. These people are scam artists - trapping people with their fine print and holding them hostage over a measly few hours (and an unanswered telephone). Very petty and dishonest. You can see why they are a second rate hotel.	
Aug 21 2007 	Loved the Lord Milner	This was an amazing hotel! Perfect location... within walking distance of Victoria Station. There was a large group of us that stayed here, so I got to see several of the different rooms. They are all decorated with a particular theme, and all are very beautiful!The staff was amazing! The manager was able to find tickets (the day of) for me and my husband to a sold out concert, as well as find tickets for my mom and sister to see the play Wicked. All of the tickets were amazing seats, as well as cheaper than anywhere else we could find it.Very clean and well-kept. Would refer to anyone! Will definitely come back!	
Jul 15 2007 	A lovely nest.	I have booked this hotel through internet the night before and I just included an e-mail to my booking asking to have twin beds for my friend and myself. I arrived at 2.30 the next day and my room was ready as I wished. May I just say first that if you are looking for a big chain hotel with extra leisure rooms this is not the place to go. It is situated 5 mns walk from Victoria Station which is very handy if you are coming by train. It is a three floors town house, the actual street is very quiet and got a lot of lovely terraced victorian houses.The room I stayed in was called Lady Milner -it is on the third floor of the hotel with the rose room (I think that it is a double). When you enter the hotel, you really have the feeling you entering your own house (there is only 11 bedrooms in the hotel)!!! Very cosy and well decorated. There is the reception on the right and the lift at the end of the corridor.The actual room was big and well decorated again -a mix between modern and traditional. It is very quiet, you have the impression you are by yourself in the hotel... The beds are SO comfy (duck feather duvets and pillows), there is the flat screen TV with Sky movie 1 &amp;2 and Sport for the ones who really want to???The bathroom was all marble and was really chic, hot water, soap and soft towels. The direction were really good and really discreet too.Well, if I have to be picky, the pressure of the shower was a bit on the down side and I never worked out how to make the air con works??? So opened the window all night which was fine. I could not believe how quiet London was!!! LOL.I think its the perfect romantic retreat, and I would definately come back with my husband ...All in all thumbs up for me for Where it is, the cosy feeling, cleanliness all brushed up with this SO british feels.By the way, do not look too far to eat, there is a restaurant called Olivo around the corner -Best Italian/Sardinian restaurant I went to (especially if you are a seafood lover like me).For any man reading this review you have your perfect romantic getaway (hotel + restaurant) around £200!!	
Jul 9 2007 	Would have liked to stay here....	We never actually got to stay here! We booked a room through [--], but received a call from the hotel the next morning to say they were fully booked.30mins later they called to say they had a cancellation and had a room, we also had an email from [--] confirming this.So were surprised to arrive on Saturday and find they had double booked and had no room for us! The receptionist (or duty manager?) apologised lots, but had to be pushed into finding us alternative accommodation (not easy during the weekend of Live Earth &amp; Tour de France depart).He found us a B&amp;B nearby (which was cheaper) and we had a pleasant stay there, but overall the experience of Lord Milner was confusion and incompetence - maybe if they actually put all their bookings on their nifty computer this wouldn't happen!	
May 23 2007 	friendly and homely	A very friendly small hotel, ideally situated in a very des res part of london. we used it as a base for Chelsea Flower Show but the area is easily accessible for Victoria and several top shows. Nowhere is cheap in London, but our room was modern, well equipped and had several nice touches. Amber, the proprietress, goes out of her way to make you welcome and nothing is too much trouble.	
May 19 2007 	Lovely Hotel	My 18 year old son and I stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed it very much. Our room overlooked the street but the double windows installed for noise proofing made a positive difference. The room was clean, comfortable, recently refurbished, great bathroom, very friendly staff. London is expensive but we knew that and wanted to stay near the Tube in a safe neighborhood. This is it. Very convenient to Victoria. Breakfast is not included but you can order it for room service (expensive) or go elsewhere in the neighborhood for half the cost (we did). I'd recommend the Lord Milner.	
Sep 26 2009 	romanticenglish hotel boutique!		
Jul 1 2007 	un'ottima soluzione a Londra.		
