Apr 27 2007 	Good Location Lousy Apartment	The location is very good with close proximity to 2 Tube lines. Flat # 6 is very run down with dirty carpets and blown bulbs, broken shower screen etc Don't bother contacting Woogoo's Customer Care Manager. He or she does not respond to comments.	
Mar 15 2007 	Pleasant stay but with some minuses	When arriving in the dark it was impossible to see the phone by the door. Luckilly we met someone and they told us to dial 0 and showed us the phone. Our papers said a different phone number. Once we got the entrance code we could not see the numbers on the security box. (We are not so young 50 - 75). But once in it all was good except following:There was no bedside lamp. Why?? So if you read at night you had to get up to turn of the light. And the carpet on the lower floor was dirty. But other than that - good value for money and clean. We missed a storage room to put the luggage day of departure. Spacious rooms, small bathroom. Very good kitchen - also with washer. Elisabeth, Oslo, Norway March 07.	
Jan 16 2007	Trouble to get in but once in we loved it	Having read the reviews after the apartment had been booked, we arrived with some trepidation. We did have trouble getting the security number using the phone number on the website. Eventually, after many phone calls and some misunderstanding on their part we got the number and was informed we had been upgraded to the three bedroom apartment.Once in, we were more than pleasantly surprised. Apart from the cream carpet having a few grubby marks, the rooms were very clean, spacious, well decorated with everything we needed. Unfortunately, we were only stopping one night so didn't get to enjoy it as much as we would have liked.Around the corner are many places to eat, an excellent Spar and Tesco's and Hyde Park just up the road.Apart from the early trouble of getting the security code (apparently the firm is based in Israel) we couldn't fault the three bedroom apartment.	
Nov 22 2006 	a very bad experience	I booked this place direct on the recommendation of a colleague as a quality inexpensive central safe place to stay in London.For GBP99/night Woogo confirmed in writing that I had been upgraded from a studio to a 1bdr apartment. On arrival I used the phone at the entrance and was connected to what I now realise was a call centre somewhere in the world (Mexico?) and the people had no idea of the location or what the property was like. After being told to enter the building and pick up the keys - I couldnt find the apartment. there was no #1. Eventually I found a resident who directed me outside the building and down into the basement where I found a 1 room apartment (studio) heated to about 30 degrees C. On checking out the appliances the bottom of the kitchen module fell off. Also, despite promises in writing by Woogo there was no phone. I called the call centre who said I needed to speak to the building manager but it was his day off. 24 hours later someone came while I was out and re attached the bottom of the kitchen however this meant that the dishwasher could not be opened but I already ascertained that there was no power to it anyway. There was still no phone, and the only picture on the various tv channels was snow. By this stage I had called the call centre maybe 6 times and in all cases they referred me to the building manager who in the 3 days I was there made no attempt to contact me or rectify anything. Eventually I emailed Woogo and gave them 24 hours to rectify the problems - no response. I have now moved to a hotel which is clean comfortable and safe (pity about the roaches and the rising damp at Woogo Bayswater). Another matter arose which made me feel quite unsafe however I gather this cannot be posted on this site.I would not recommend Woogo Bayswater to anyone.	
Nov 3 2006	Worst service i've ever encounter	Bad service.....call up the person in charge and he told us that we had to wait till 3 pm in order to check in. When we asked more info regarding getting the key...he just replied unpatiently and said &quot;sir please get there and then call again&quot;. Everything had to be done in his way or no way. Then when we got there, call him again and unpatienly he just told us how to press the code and get the keys. The apartment is really run down, no person will attend to you if there is anything wrong. During our stay, some drunk fellow just sat outside our unit. What an unsafe place to be in.	
Oct 31 2006 	worst company ever	A company representative called us at 3.15 pm - 15 minutes after we could have checked in - saying that we had to be relocated due to unforseen maintenance problems. We were originally booked at Kensington Palace, with 5 stars (now I doubt this too) and the guy said that we would be upgraded to Bayswater. The stress of the situation was awful, not knowing London or where the new apartment was wasted a lot of time. When we arrived at the apartment I was so upset. It was a dingy basement bedsit, with dirty sheets and a dirty bathroom. AVOID THIS COMPANY THEY ARE SCAMMERS!!! The staff were all totally unresponsive and blunt, and the whole experience was dreadful.	
Jul 23 2006 	Very disappointing	This was a very disappointing experience. We were told upon arrival on the phone to go to the apartment and someone would be there with our keys to let us in. We took our 4 children and all our luggage only to find that no one was there and we had to take a tube ride to retrieve the keys-it took incredibly long to finally figure this out, with three phone calls and 3 staff each telling us something different. The apartment was marginally cleaned-old earring on the floor, very stained (disgustingly so) pillows and duvet, towels inadequately sized. The kitchen had no basics-not even paper towels or salt! The bathrooms had one roll of toilet paper!! Very unusable for a family. The microwave and clothing dryer were broken and after calling they never got fixed-left with a pile of dirty laundry. Unable to talk to a person when I called customer service-no one was there! It was so bad it was almost funny.	
Jun 18 2006	not as expected very disapointing.	after reading your feedback on accomodation in bayswater (17- inverness terrace) we were reluctant to go! we thought it cant be that bad surely! we are back now after a weekend away. the accomodation as previous customers had pointed out lived up to the reviews. 1- the 3 bedroom apt- sleeps up to 8 people! two seperate rooms with double beds. one with ensuite. the third bedroom leads from the lounge gaining access from a spiral staircase. a double bed is located here, with no privacy. 2 fold down beds in lounge, not clean.- very tatty. 2- when we arrived we were very disapointed. the accomodation does not meet up to the standards that are advertised. the pictures of the luxurious bedrooms we never saw. the place needed a good clean and also a lick of paint. 3- for the money we paid, we expected a lot more. VERY DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMERS!!!!!!	
May 15 2006	Great deal for a flat through Woogo [...]	We recently spent 4 nights in London and I rented a flat through [...], I got an early booking discount since we reserved it about 6 months in advance. We paid only 300 pounds for 4 nights and had a studio flat. The flat was in the Bayswater area at 17 Inverness terr, it is a 2 level flat, very small. The first floor is a kitchen, a spiral staircase to the second floor which is a bedroom and bath. I was able to pick up a wireless internet connection within the flat which was nice. The kitchen was minimally equipped but enough for our breakfasts, there was a stove, fridge and microwave. The washer and dryer worked fine. The location was great as it's about a block from the Tube and the area was quiet and nice. This was cheaper then most of the hotel prices I found online and the accomodations were very comfortable.	
Jan 11 2006	Bait 	Upon return from our vacation I did a web search and learned that Woogo is nothing more than a rebranded Yourstay. And Yourstay lodging has a notorious reputation for the mistreatment of lodgers.Enjoy Woogo with the following expectations:(1) Rooms not as advertised. Two bedroom means that someone gets to sleep on a mattress in the living area.(2) Fully kitted kitchen is not. A few plates, and some flatware, applicances which do not function. A stove with three of the four burners inoperative. A microwave oven which does not work. (3) If you want a clean unit, then do you own cleaning upon you arrival.(4) The location of the flat will not be as advertised. After you arrive you will discover that your quoted and guaranteed rental is 'currently unavailable'.(5) Marginal locations suggest that you consider not leaving the premises at night.(6) Company representatives on the phone will gladly treate you like dirt after they have your money. They are not responsible for any problem with your lodging and never offer refunds for their commission of fraud.	
Aug 18 2005	Best self-catering apartments in London!	Have been staying in the bayswater apartments for the last 2 weeks.have got one more week to go, and quite upset to go back to Blackpool...I have only the best things to say about the staff of Woogo and the weekly cleaning is always done is the best way.I have my own w/m, d/w and all the kitchen appliences i need.and more more than that- i have the wonderful kensington gardens 5 minutes away. the best park in London if you ask me.Worth your money till the last penny- i actually would like to leave a tip.5 star recommendation from me.Louise R Smith- Blackpool, UK	
