Oct 6 2009 	Best value in London	I stayed for 4 nights, 2 with my mother &amp; 2 with a friend in a twin ensuite room. The room was huge with 2 single beds, wardrobes &amp; desks &amp; very clean. The bathroom was a capsule style &amp; really really small (but bearable for a short time). The location is unbeatable, within walking distance to loads of attractions; it also has 3 or 4 underground stations within a few minutes walk. There was a lot of traffic noise through the night, but very little street noise (e.g. no people shouting etc), so I was able to sleep through it. The room also had access to a full-sized shared kitchen, we didn't use this but it's great to know that the option was there. There is also Internet in the lobby, which is really convenient; but it was a little pricy (try some of the nearby Internet cafes set up for tourists if you are on a budget). The staff weren't very helpful, but also weren't rude. This has to be the best value accommodation I have seen in London for the location, size &amp; quality of the room.	
Sep 17 2009 	Terrific location to visit London	Being a Student house, I didn't expect a five-star-hotel service. Well I received exactely what the internet site promised me: the twin room was very large, cleaned daily and well, with a small bathroom cabin installed inside recently. There was plenty of space for us and all our things, while the bathroom was really very very small, but it did its job and, most important, being new, was very easy to keep clean.The kitchen was more or less ok, but we only put some beverages in the fridge and used and washed a few glasses and cups. Receptionists were nice and answered my (few) questions giving useful information.The location was just incredible for that price! We were 150 m from Trafalgar Square, 150 m from the underground (4 lines) and 200 m from the railways station. The whole center of London was just next door, and (taking a special offer) we spent less than 65 € per night for a twin room! What I liked less was that, with the window open, it was somewhat noisy also at night. Besides, being September, we closed the window to sleep and everything was OK.When it's open (during university holidays) it's absolutely worth a visit!	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent Location Good Value but Terrible Bathroom!	I spent two weeks at LSE Northumberland House in July 09. Overall I enjoyed my stay and felt the place was very good value for money. The building itself is old but was renovated as student accommodation quite recently. That said, it was quite run down and worn looking in terms of carpets and peeling paintwork – my own student residence which was quite a few years older was in much better condition.Positives:The location is fantastic, just one minute walk from Trafalgar Sq, two minutes walk from Embankment station. The single room I had was a good size for London. There was always lots of hot water and the shower was powerful with great pressure. The kitchen was well equipped and never too busy. The place was generally quiet with just some traffic noise.Negatives:The bathroom is miniscule and is what you would expect to find in mobile home or caravan – it is made of that same plastic material. There was no bathroom window and the fan did not seem to work properly so the bathroom was always damp. This meant there was a damp smell in the room and particularly from the shower curtain. In fact you could see a damp patch on the carpet outside the bathroom where the door opened into the bedroom. Because the bathroom is so small you have to take the toilet roll out of the room before showering or it ends up damp too!Minor negatives, but which would be easily fixed and greatly improve the place include: no blind on the window so you either have no privacy due to overlooking windows, or are in the dark; no useable full length mirror – the mirror is on the inside of the wardrobe door, and due to positioning, it is impossible to stand more than one foot back from it to get a good view; the tea towel in the kitchen was filthy and not changed during my two week stay (I had to buy a couple from Tesco myself). Given the price and the location I would recommend a stay and I would stay again. However I think management needs to work on the damp problem as this is unacceptable at any price – and a particular concern for any students staying a full year!	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Value Great Location	For three nights in July '08, this hotel provided everything we wanted. The central location was ideal, the room was actually quite large (with two single beds), the staff was very friendly, and the deal was unbelievable for London. If you want style and bling in your hotel, this isn't the place, but if you want the aforementioned qualities then this is it.	
Nov 20 2007 	Excellent value	The location is amazing - half a block to Trafalgar Square. Stayed in London at Northumberland House for 2 weeks and never had to buy a Tube pass (bought a few single ride tickets to far-flung locations) because I could walk just about everywhere touristy.Lovely building, well maintained. The single room was a nice size with a twin bed, large desk, telephone, big wardrobe. Room was en-suite. Bathroom was pretty small and you had to step up to get into bathroom (may be difficult for disabled or elderly guests), but it was functional - water pressure always good and plenty of hot water.My room was on a lower floor, but I did not have any problems with noise since room faced an air shaft between 2 buildings and this probably made street noise non-existent. Never used the kitchen while I was there, but used the laundry room a number of times and used the free internet every day which saved me a lot of money avoiding internet cafes. LSE also offers international phone cards that you can use right from the phone in your room - a 5 pound card gave me a lot of minutes to call the U.S.Northumberland doesn't offer breakfast, but LSE has other locations that have this. Small grocery store is about 1/2 a block away, and there are plenty of cafes nearby making it really easy to get a cheap breakfast.	
Sep 30 2007	Loved it !	I stayed at LSE's Northumberland House for a week in September 2007. I choose it based on the location and the reviews I read. Its a great place to stay and for the price -approximately GPB 60/nite for a twin room with bathroom ensuit. There was some initial mix-up about our reservations but the staff sorted this out quickly. The staff were really good (LSE students, I think) and attended to any questions I had quickly. The room itself was reasonably spacious with two beds, side tables, two desks and ample closet space. The rooms were clean and the management would clean the rooms daily. The beds are comfortable though the pillows provided were rather thin. But with two pillows per bed it works out fine. The only 'negative' was the size of the bathrooms. They are aircraft style bathrooms with a shower and toilet squeezed into a small space. One gets used to it after a while but I couldn't help feeling sorry for LSE students who stay there long term. Our rooms were away from the main street and very quiet. The building is well secured and you need an electornic access card to enter the building and your room. The building also has wireless internet but only in the Common room, the reception area and the computer room in the basement. Printing facilities are also available. Laundry facilities are also available in-house for a fee.The location of the residency is near many central London attractions and is very well connected by tube and busses. There are also a number of eating joints in the area. Overall, it is a great place to stay and for the price it would be difficult to find a comparable accomodation. BestKR	
Sep 18 2007	Can't beat such a great price at such great location	I stayed at a single (en-suite) room for 5 nights in September 2007.This is one of the dorms belong to LSE. In my many previous trips to London, I've always used Priceline and got a good deal. But when I found out about Northumberland, I realized no Priceline deal can match it's rate. A single en-suite room is £42. No breakfast, but that is not a big deal for me as I usually don't eat breakfast anyway.My single room is small, but I'd say about average size for a European single. It measures approx 15'x15'. The bathroom is extremely small, maybe 3'x3'. It's fine for me to stay there for 5 nights, but I feel bad for the students who stay in these rooms for months...The room has a single bed, bedside table with a reading lamp, a desk and chair, and a full length closet with drawers. Amenities are minimum - bedsheets, blanket, 1 bath towel and 1 hand towel and that's it. No alarm clock, no TV, no hairdryer, and there is no soap (fortunately I brought one with me). I got fresh towels every day, and the trash is emptied daily.The bathroom is so small (with shower only) that the entire bathroom floor is wet after a shower. Even though it's located in a busy part of town, my room faces the inside of the building. I kept my window open at night and it's very quiet. Also, in the section where my room is, all the other rooms are singles. So, apart from no TV noises, there's no one talking aloud as there's no one to talk to! The House also has a rule for quiet hours from 11p-7a.I slept very well. I found the mattress very comfortable, more so than the ones I've slept on at 4* hotels. I do agree the pillow is very thin, but I'm used to that at home.There is a communal kitchen for every 6-7 rooms. I did not use it but I peeked inside. There is a stove, 2 fridges, an electric kettle, a microwave. I don't think there are any cooking utensils but I'm not 100% sure. In the basement of the building is a laundry room, but I didn't check it out.The location is great, 1/2 a block south of Travalgar Sq, 2 min-walk from Charing Cross station. There are so many bus lines that go pass Trafalgar Sq and Charing Cross that one can practically go everywhere in London by bus. I enjoy taking buses more than the tube because it allows me to see the city rather than underground. Of course, the bus is cheaper as well.	
Aug 26 2007	Great Location but a lot of traffic noise	This establishment is in a great location. Just down from one end of Trafalgar Square, a few minutes from Embankment Tube station, the bridge to the South Bank, a few minutes from Charing Cross, with lots of chain and non-chain eating establishments, many theatres, Whitehall and more. But the street noise is very loud so it is hard to sleep well. This is one of the LSE Halls of Residence offerings, so it is only avaialable in the summer (and at some other times - see their website[----]).Our twin room with ensuite facilities was on the third floor. Surprisingly, there was no soap in the toilet-shower &quot;pod&quot; (you have your feet in the shower when using the toilet), and Reception confirmed this was policy. Annoying. There is a kitchen on each floor, and Reception can provide tea, coffee, and little sachets of imitation milk. In our room, the pillows were VERY thin, another aspect leading to a poor night's sleep. But the location is GREAT!	
Aug 26 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 24 2009 	Une très bonne affaire		
