Nov 17 2009 	Ok Hotel for the price	We had 4 nights in this hotel, and there was nothing bad to say, when you compare to the price paid. Small room, but ok. Breakfast is nothing special, but you can survive until lunch. Staff very helpful and polite, All in all, an ok stay. Very central, easy to the tube.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent location and good service	We arrived after check-in time and were checked in quickly without any problems. Staff were very polite and helpful. Our room (314) was supposed to be a double but was just two singles pushed together but this wasn't a major issue. Room was clean with a safe and a fridge and a small space for clothes. Tea and coffee facilities were good. Overall excellent if a little on the small side. We only stayed one night and didn't stay for breakfast but there were plenty of places to eat in the Earls Court and Kensington area. Hotel supplied a guide book of the room and local attractions which I thought was a nice touch. A good place to go and good value for money.	
Sep 23 2009 	Not worth it even at half the price	The room was not ready at check-in time, which was surprising given that it was so small it would have taken 5 minutes to clean. The room only just fitted a double bed in. The bed cover looked grimy. The windowless room had an aircon but it didn't work well. Bathroom minute, with no separate shower, just a shower head above the toilet ( talk about taking care of two items of business at once! ) I had to mop the floor with a towel after my shower ( area so tiny I couldn't wash my hair properly without smacking my elbows on the wall ), because the smooth black tiles became very slippery and dangerous.A continental breakfast was actually bread that you toast yourself in a temperamental old toaster, fake orange juice, instant coffee and an large open bucket of cornflakes. A two pound breakfast at any fast food place would have been better.I heard other guests complaining about issues, so it wasn't just an isolated incident, in my case.The final insult was that I requested to leave my suitcase there for a couple of hours, between the time of my flight and check-out. They actually charged me five pounds, for one small cabin bag! Surely this should be a courtesy service! I've stayed in hotels all around the world and never experienced this.I've stayed in hotels that cost much less, and offer much more.	
Sep 18 2009 	Small but comfortable 	Travelling with a family of 5 we had 2 rooms on the 3rd floor. The hotel was in a quiet street in a good location around the corner from the tube and a raft of restaurants etc. Staff very helpful in providing tourist tips and discounted tickets to attractions (use these to your advantage).Breakfast was great but can can get a little crowded as the morning progresses. If you don't like crowds, eat early.Our rooms were 2 doors down from reception and breakfast, but this was no issue at all. Overall, this was a great stay in London.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location great value great room!	We were not sure what to expect (would we have our own bathroom?) when we booked the big room for 4 people. Just coming from a cruise, we were worried.But the room was big and airy, with high ceilings and lots of light from the big windows. It has it's own bathroom which was clean. The hotel was in a great location - across the street from Hyde Park and down the street from shopping. Tube station is nearby.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that it's excellent location makes for a noisy street, and in the summer the windows need to be open. And freeze-dried coffee.All in all, a pleasant surprise.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Budget Hotel	We recently stayed here for 3 nights and had a great time. We were traveling with 3 people and were able to get a room with 4 twin beds (hard to come by in London). The room had a full bathroom, a TV, a fridge, a microwave and a hot pot to make coffee and tea. They also have a free continental breakfast from 7:30a.m. to 9:30a.m. which was basically coffee, tea, juices and some type of roll or croissaint. We only hit up the continental breakfast once since we were so busy with tours. It was in a nice location only about two blocks from the Lancaster Gate tube stop. They also let us leave our bags there after check out for no additional fee. There is a great Italian restaurant on the same block called Taormino's and there's a convenience store there as well. There's an internet cafe called Video Cafe on a side street that has a printer which worked out great for us so we were able to check in to our departing flight.	
Aug 27 2009 	beware of extra charges	In all hotels I've been , leaving your luggage at the reception after checking out is part of the service ,but not so at Oxford hotel where they will charge you an extra 5 quids per room for what they call an extra service .As for the breakfast,the room is so cramped that we went elswhere to get one .	
Aug 23 2009 	absolutely not!	don't mistreat yourself!! it's a bad place with small bedroom. we were on the third 4th floor (i think) and there's no elevator!!!!! the room is as big as the queen size bed. next time I'll go somewhere else!	
Aug 9 2009 	DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL	After searching for hours on the internet trying to find a decent, cheap hotel in the centre of London, this hotel seemed to fit every criteria.However, we never got to see the hotel. On the MORNING of our departure from Blackpool (one hour before our train was leaving) I got an email from the hotel saying there was a problem and asked me to contact them.I called and was told there was a problem authorising my debit card and therefore the room had been sold and they were fully booked. NO APOLOGY. JUST LIES. They said they had tried to contact me (this is a lie- - my phone is never off - no messages. When I asked &quot;what am I going to do now?&quot; the reply I got was &quot;That's not my problem&quot;.There was nothing wrong with my card, I cannot tell you how angry we all were, I was travelling with a pregnant friend (7 months) and was extremely concerned about arriving into London with NOWHERE TO STAY.Please, I urge you, if you must book this hotel, have a backup in place and call the day before to make sure all is ok, because no-one will contact you should it not be.Three cheers for customer service!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Perfectly adequate for one night stay	I wanted a cheap hotel for one night and the Oxford hotel was fine. The room was small (I was on my own so this was okay but I certainly wouldn't have wanted to share it) but it was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and there was plenty of hot water for a shower, even at 6am. The staff were polite and helpful. There was some maintenance work going on in reception during the afternoon I arrived but it caused no disruption to me. The lift is small and the stairs and corridors are narrow (this is a converted town house afterall) so it may be difficult to get large, heavy items of luggage up to the rooms, but not impossible. The hotel is on a residential street two minutes walk from Earls Court tube station. There are lots of other hotels along the street and, when I stayed, there were quite a lot of people coming and going and meeting up in the street so there was quite a lot of background noise but this had died down by 11pm. I had the windows open because it was warm but the room had a very good fan so I was quite comfortable.There are lots of little restaurants and places to eat just a few minutes walk from the hotel. I can recommend the Siam Garden Thai restaurant on Hogarth Road. - a starter and main course, rice and a drink for under £16! I left before breakfast which is served from 07:30 so I can't comment on that. Would I stay here again - yes, certainly. I can't imagine getting much better in so central a location for £55.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good locationsmall but clean and nice room.	Room was very small but clean and beds were good but there wasn`t any closet or much place to our things and clothes.There was also very hot in the room but fan worked well and because the neightbourhood was quiet we coud keep window open all day and night. Bathroom was also small but ok . There was a small fridge but it wasn`t cold. Breakfast was simple but ok but the breakfast room was very small for so many people. Staff was friendly. Anyway we were satisfied with this hotel and it`s location.We could go there again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good location clean nice staff very small room poor breakfast	The Oxford hotel was in a great location and it was clean but we were in a triple (Room #207) which was the smallest room with the tiniest twin beds I have ever slept in. The breakfast consisted of toast and freeze dried coffee. The staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 7 2009 	Overall good value for money	A short walk from the Tube station, the hotel was easy to find after traveling for several hours. It looked clean and inviting from the outside and the check in process was efficient and friendly, albeit that it's the first hotel that I've had to leave a deposit for the TV remote control!! (Refunded on checkout.)The room was a little on the small side, but was clean and looked as if it hadn't been long since it had been redecorated. The shower wasn't exactly a power shower, but it was good enough to cool you down after a long day!I only ate breakfast on one morning due to the lack of choice, cramped conditions and generally chaotic feel in the breakfast room, but I didn't loose any sleep over missing a freebie! There are plenty of shops nearby to grab a healthy alternative.Light sleepers be warned! The close proximity to the tube station can be a bit noisy, particularly in the summer when you need to leave the windows open overnight - take some ear plugs with you! Heavy sleepers (like me!) won't have a problem with this.Overall it was a good hotel for a reasonable cost which was in a good location for transport into central London - I would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 20 2009 	VFM Hotel near Earl's Court	Value for money hotel (£55 per night) right next to Earl's court exhibition center and tube station.Positives - reception good, receptionist helpful, rooms clean and comfortable. Facilities generally good.Negatives - All ironing equipment had gone missing, breakfast area cramped and staff unhelpful, did not serve what I would consider to be a continental breakfast but you can have as much bread/toast as you like.	
Jun 14 2009 	No Frills - Good Value - Handy Location	We stayed at The Oxford Hotel for a four night visit to London in a double/twin with ensuite on the first floor of the main hotel. The hotel is a four minute walk from the Earls Court tube station, which makes it very handy for visitors to central London. The rooms were small but clean, tidy, and recently renovated. The breakfast is very basic (cornflakes, toast, and coffee/tea), which we were okay with - the M &amp; S Simply Food corner shop and local cafes and pubs satisfied our appetite out of hours. Initially our telephone did not work and the television had a loose antennae cable (socket was larger than the plug) but when we reported these relatively minor issues the manager was very helpful and immediately moved us to another room (even moving our luggage for us while we were out exploring London). These issues seemed out of the ordinary as the hotel's other amenities were fine. The 'double bed' was two single beds pushed together (not unusual for Europe) but then a single sheet was used to 'wrap' the beds together and no sheet covering the foot of the bed. This was more humourous than a major issue for us, but worth noting nonetheless! The showers were made smaller by poor design - the water knobs stick out a long way into your available space around chest height. The duty manager during our stay was very helpful and friendly. Overall, a good value hotel in a handy location that had clean and tidy rooms with a helpful duty manager. We noticed during our stay that the hotel is also renovating its annex next door.	
Jun 13 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised - Nice Hotel	Reception a little chaotic upon arrival but I was booked in within 15 minutes. Stayed in room 201. Pleasantly surprised having read a number of reports. The bathroom had obviously been refurbished recently. Everything was clean and working - nothing left in the plug holes so 10 out of 10 for the cleaner. Room had two single beds and were comfortable to sleep in. There was also a 12-14&quot; flat screen TV and a fridge in the room. I was at the back of the hotel and yes I could hear the clatter of trains from Earls Court Tube station but if you shut the window this wasn't a problem. Didn't try the breakfast so can't comment her - sorry. Would I stay at this hotel again - yes I would. If you want 4 or 5 star luxury I suggest you book into a much bigger hotel closer to the West End and pay £150+ a night. But for 50 quid a night, in the centre of London, I don't think you can go far wrong. I will definitely be back.	
Jun 13 2009 	Basic Clean and Tidy with Good Location	We were stayed in London for six days for travelling at the end of May until beginning of June. We have not been to London before, so we did not have any idea to choose which hotel. We chose this hotel only due to the reviews shown in trip advisor. Thus, after we back from London, we would like to share our experience.The location of the hotel is very good definitely, just less than five minutes walk from earl's court tube station which can find a step-fee way to the tube, so it is not difficult for us to find the way to the hotel and take so many luggages to the hotel. I think earl's court is convenient for travellers since it is not far away from the Heathrow Airport and London Center (it is the margin station in zone 1 and most sighting-seeing places are in zone 1). Also, it is easy to find many different types of restaurants and shops nearby, for example, burger king, mac donald, chinese food, indian food, bar, italian restaurant, south east asia food and western food, etc. Also, there are some convenient shops for you to buy daily necessaries. Overall, we think the location is excellent with such budget. After we checked in into the hotel, the staff arranged a room in another new building to us. But it seems that the building was not finished its furnishing and rennovation works as shown in our room and at that building. Our room is at the ground floor and it is the last room near the little garden (it should be little garden after furnishing, but all furnishing equipments were in that garden when we stayed. Some workers works in day time. That made us feel a little bit unsafe when we opened the windows but we are out of rooms). All the furnishing works should be finished before giving customers to stay. The most important was that we cannot use wifi at all in our room even we paid for that. Since internet connection is important for us, so we requested a change of our room, but unluckily all rooms have been fully booked at that night (since it was a Sat Night, we can understand). Afterwe told to the staff for a few times, we changed to another room finally at the building with reception counter there. Of course, we can access to the internet finally after move in to that room.For room and facilities, we both think that the room size is okay for us (both two rooms we stayed) and it is enough for putting our large luggages (total we got 2 large luggages and two bags). The room is clean and tidy. The bed is comfortable. Since it is newly rennovated, it looks new and it is what we want (we dont want to find a very old hotel to stay). We think that the facilities are basic but enough for us. Only the table in room and washing basin in toliet are too small for putting our stuff. For breakfast, even it was included in the room rate, we only tried once in five days since there were too little choices, only breads, cheese, butter, jams, corn flakes, milk, and coffee and tea. It was too crowded to have so many people to line up to get these food in a small room. I did not expect a full english breakfast, but there were too little chioces (at least i expected some eggs and sausages as well). Thus, we just ate breakfasts outside the hotel. The staff is polite and nice. Although we asked so many times for changing a room and it is trouble to arrange another room for us, they helped us two days after finally. Also, we would like to know the way to windsor castle, they were nice to teach us the way. Please note that there were little charge for putting the luggages after check out (but my booking agent said it was free of charge). Overall, the hotel is good in location and it is basic, clean and tidy. With such budget, we are satisfied with the hotel totally. We will recommend for our friends to stay when travelling in London. If you are the one who like us who dont want to spend much in a five-star hotel and just wanna to find a clean and tidy budgeted hotel to sleep and put our luggages, you are recommended to choose this hotel.	
May 29 2009 	Worst hotel to saty.If you have family don't every go there.	The room is very very small.I stayed with 1 year old kid.There is no place to walk in the room.The room has just 2 small beds.The room was not clean.The service is very bad.When we asked for change of room, they did not agree.It was horrible to stay in this hotel	
Apr 27 2009	Basic No Frills - Not Much Customer Service	Positive points:1. Clean and pleasant room2. Refrigerator in room was convenient3. Convenient (short walking distance) to the Earl's Court Underground stationNegative Points1. Where our room was located, I heard the underground or train all night. I did not sleep very well.2. My daughter paid 5 pounds for the use of the wireless internet. The only place it worked was in the lobby of the hotel, not in our room.3. No bath mats were provided in the bathroom. Coming out of the shower I slipped on the floor and almost injured myself. The hotel is leaving itself open to litigation.4. Upon returning from a day of sight seeing, we found the door to our room was not closed completely. The cleaning person had not shut the door all the way. Luckily no items were stolen. One person at the desk treated me with disdain when I complained. The other person was apologetic and polite.I am from the USA. This is the first hotel I've stayed in overseas, so this may very well be considered a good standard. However, if this hotel was in America I would not stay there again. I've had better customer service at a less expensive Motel 6 (a very budget motel) or at a comparible price of a Days Inn.	
Mar 26 2009 	GREAT newly renovated hotel!!	I booked to stay here for one night with my boyfriend as we wanted to spend a couple of days in london to celebrate his 19th. after reading the mixed reviews i thought id give it a go! I am very glad i did chose this hotel!! i thought it was excellent value for money as the hotel is basic but in a perfect location and has been renovated beautifully. Yes the rooms are tiny but lovely! for a one night stay it was perfect. Breakfast was very basic but as its thrown in with the very cheep price i couldnt complain. The starff arnt the friendlyest of people but they are surfitiant! The only complaint i had was when we asked to leave our bags there the day we were out (which they clearly claim you can) they spring a £5 charge on you which is a bit extortionate seeing as, to be honest, they are not kept very safe! WARNING they will also spring a £50 depoosit on you when you check in! over all i highly recommend this hotel for a nice, comfortable short stay in london!	
Mar 20 2009 	Basic but good	I stayed at this hotel in 2007 and was impressed. Staff wer very helpful and ensured that i got the most out of London. Rooms were basic but comfortable and the price was good. Breakfast was nice although the dining room a little small and at the time i was staying there were a lot of large groups staying at the hotel, so often there was a wait to be seated for breakfast. Apart from that i enjoyed staying at this hotel and would return.	
Mar 11 2009 	Excellent value for money and well positioned hotel	Great position and most convenient.The hotel is newly refurbished, and has a much better appearance than previously. The rooms are most comfortable, and very good value for money. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They sell tickets and advised well on entertainment, and I found them to be honest and caring. The general manager seems to be on duty for very long hours and is usually available if one needs to discuss anything with him. He was professional and prompt in his service. The hotel is extremely conveniently positioned for central London, as well as access to both Heathrow and Gatwick airports. I used West Brompton station to Gatwick, as well as the Piccadilly line straight through to Heathrow.Thank you for an excellent service. I shall most certainly return again when I am in London.	
Mar 11 2009 	A newly renovated London hotel offering value for money	I have stayed at the Oxford Hotel for many years as I overnight in London for work once a week. Reception staff are a vital part of any hotel business and I have to say that, having stayed there week after week, I have always - without exception - found the staff helpful and friendly. I do not have breakfast there, so I cannot comment on that, neither have I ever tangled with any wildlife in the beds. I have always been very pleased that the hotel uses white cotton sheets and white towels. I think the people who had a bad experience in that department were just terribly unlucky.The Oxford is a split-site hotel and one section has been recently completely renovated while the other is now undergoing the same process. The rooms in the updated section are very clean and bright with new carpets, curtains, beds, televisions, hairdryers, a safe and upgraded bathrooms. The back garden, which was once just a tangle of brambles, now has decking and shrubs and some seating. While few guests will have time to sit out there, it is still nice to glimpse an attractive garden out of the window. There are many London hotels charging more than the Oxford for rooms that are shabby and below standard - I know because I have stayed in them as well. The new, upgraded Oxford represents value for money in one of the world's most expensive cities.	
Feb 6 2009 	Convenient Location - no frills	Location was convenient to the subway.Hotel is a &quot;row house&quot; in a residential area. The location was nice with good neighborhood restaurants and pubs. Room was extremely small with even a smaller bathroom - don't expect much!It's just a basic, no nonsense, no frills hotel. It was clean and a good place to lay your head down after a long day of sightseeing.Decent value for your money.	
Jan 24 2009 	Avoid this hotel at all cost	We only stayed one night and was so disappointed and angry with the behaviour of the reception staff there was not much to like about this hotel. When we arrived they said there was a problem with the pre-authorisation of our Visa card but never contacted us although they had all our contact details. They gave away our room and we ended up in a double with shared bathroom and paid the same price for the room we booked originally which was a twin ensuite. Pure blackmail, &quot;if you don't like it, complain to booking.com and look for another room&quot;(at 16.30pm on 31/12/08). The entire building, rooms &amp; furniture are in a rather derelict state. I know you are supposed to 'get what you pay for' but in this case we got a lot less...	
Dec 23 2008 	Just like a warehouse	I have stayed at this hotel before,it has a good location and very often good prices,I was told they are undergoing major refurbishment and I hope that wil improve the standarts,but for the moment,, it is like a warehouse, workes and boxes everywhere.look at where we suppose to have breakfast,,, bed, boxes etc all around....the staff is friendly though...I think I will wait until they finish their work to give it a try again...	
Nov 18 2008 	Like a dorm Great Costumer Service	I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I had done my research and had decided not to stay here because of the reviews, but my reservations at another hotel, the St. Mark Hotel not far away and with the same owner, fell through and they put us up here for one night. The staff was extremely nice, a striking contrast to our experience at the St. Mark, and we were allowed to check in right away at 10:30 AM instead of having to wait till the customary 1 PM . Because it was last minute, we stayed in a twin room, which had two single beds, a small shower and a sink in the room, and the toilet was down the hall. We were on the fourth floor, which was a bit of a struggle since there was no lift. The room was very clean, but a bit run down and tiny, you could tell the place was old, I guess I would equate it to staying in a dorm room. The toilet was interesting, as Americans, this was our first encounter with having to flush by pulling a string, but we were more amused than anything. The TV was up high with no remote and the volume knob was broken, but we didn’t come to London to watch TV. The beds were a bit hard but not unbearable. I saw no signs of bedbugs. Breakfast was simple; you sit in the back room looking out at the garden and are served cereal, toast, tea and coffee, you can have as much as you want. In terms of noise, we could hear people walking the halls but not in their rooms, and the street was quiet so we didn’t hear traffic or people on the street. The gentleman checking us in was SO nice, I can’t say enough about him, he knew the area very well, gave us a free map, advice, directions, and he spoke at least three languages. It is very close to Earls Court Station, which was convenient. Although this place could use a bit of renovating, the staff was so good to us, it made up for it, which goes to show you that costumer service really is everything.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Value!	This small hotel is well located - close to transport links which give easy access to all of London. Nearby are restaurants, shops, bars etc. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful through out our 1 week stay. Having been warned of many sub-standard budget rooms in London our expectations were not too high. On arrival we were pleasantly surprised - a rather bright airy room with 2 opening windows(we had requested this), freshly painted and clean room, small clean ensuite with plenty of hotwater, fresh towels daily and enough room to suite our needs. Our bed was comfortable and clean. It was also great to have a small fridge, microwave, cutlery, crockery and tea/coffee making facilities. Room was serviced daily. We'd also requested a non-smoking room in a quiet area of hotel. All of these we received. Continental breakfast was more than adequate. We would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anybody who was looking for a good standard of room at a reasonable price. You could not do better in this category.	
Aug 8 2008 	Tiny bathroom	I got a London weekend as birthday gift from my boyfriend. We stayed at Oxford hotel for three nights in March. I have been to London twice before, but this was the smallest double room I ever have had in London and it was pricey too, I think it was because of Saint Patrick’s Day. The bathroom with shower was tiny and the cleanliness could be better. The continental breakfast was fine and the breakfast staffs were friendly. When we check out from the hotel we ask for the hotel to take care of our luggage, since we travelled with late flight and they charge us a fee for that. Usually, this is a free service, so it felt kind of stingy.	
Jun 27 2008 	Unrateable	Faulty Towers has nothing on this hotel. It is absolutely the pits. Having cause along with colleagues to stay at hotels in London on a regular basis we all now give them a rating so that we know which hotels to avoid and I am afraid that I just could not rate this hotel as it really is disgusting. First and foremost it smells, it looks like it has never had anything done to it since it was built probably in the Victorian days. It is patently obvious that the owners are only interested in making as much money as possible and do not give one iota about the customers. Its that disgusting that I wanted to go out and buy cleaning materials such as bleach etc and give it a good clean as it made my skin crawl I was just so glad that I was only there for 2 days and if it had not been for the fact that Wimbledon was on and all hotels in the area were booked I would have stayed elsewhere. The rooms were really really bad the bathroom was so small if you sat on the toilet your knees where just about touching the sink. The sink and toilet where flush with the door so as you opened the door you walked into the sink. If you are unlucky enough to be put on the top floor then be prepared to haul your luggage up a number of flights of stairs as they do not have a lift. And if you do not get a room in the main hotel then you have to walk down the road to another building to your room and then back out to the main reception next morning for breakfast which is a joke. The whole experience was one big fiasco from start to finish. I cant emphasize enough how bad this hotel is and quite frankly it really does not even deserve a terrible rating. There is no rating that can reflect the state of this hotel. Whomever gave it a 2 star rating needs to re-evaluate as it does not even deserve a 1 star rating.	
May 4 2008 	I liked it.	This hotel might have changed since I stayed there, but I liked it. I stayed one night with my husband, &amp; he flew back to America, &amp; on my return home, I stayed there myself. Both times I stayed in the annex. I thought the hotel was charming w/ the high stairs &amp; windows, something not typical of our big American hotels. We had to push two twin beds together, which is typical in Europe. The rooms had a hot water aparatus for tea, etc. that did not work very well. A TV up high. I think I had to manually change the channel, w/ just a few channels. The bathrooms were fine. The first time, it was rather large, the second time, somewhat smaller, both with a large, deep tub. I have stayed in all kinds of hotels, &amp; prefer something nicer, but this fit the bill, as London hotels were all something like $150 at the time, &amp; this was like $50. I was nervous because of the price, but I liked it. It was in a charming neighborhood. We walked down the block &amp; saw through beutiful windows w/ x-mas trees &amp; mercedes &amp; beamers parked in front. Earl's court is a few minutes walk, w/ fun pubs &amp; restaurants. And the metro is fairly easy to get to the highlights of London. Although on my short overnight stays I only took it to Buckinham palace &amp; down near the tower bridge, I think? The staff were foreign, well not English, a little dry, but helpful. We had an early check-out, &amp; they had an early breakfast for us. If I remember, it was cornflakes, water OJ, &amp; the like, but not bad. American hotels don't usually provide breakfast anyway. This place was clean, no dust bunnies, in a good neighborhood, &amp; I thought it had &quot;english charm.&quot; I would choose it again w/ the prices in London. The location was good &amp; it was a good value for your $. A steal, really. Although, I would prefer to vacation the majority of my stay somewhere where the dollar is better &amp; I would get a better hotel, comfort level, for my $. But for a night or two, this place was fine. More $ to spend on dinners out, entertainment, etc. w/o breaking the bank.	
Apr 12 2008 	Absolutely disgusting!!	As the hotel is only 2* I did not expect anything much, but this hotel was an absolute disgrace! I went in the company of 10 other students from University, and yes although we are students it does not mean we wanted to live in filth! We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights and from the minute we arrived, we wanted to leave! The pictures on trip advisor and their own website, show a CLEAN neatly presented room and foyer. Our group was sent to a sepearte building down the street, where once we got there, we had to drag our suitcases up 3 and 4 flights of steep dusty stairs. When we got to our room and opened the door it looked as if someone had smoked a pipe in there for 50 years, and the bed covers were shredded in places! The towels had stains on, and the windows were actually falling out. On our window it said don't open wide- open it at all and half of it dropped off it's hinges! In another room they had a door handle screwed side ways onto the window and it wouldn't shut for the latch! The bathroom had holes in the walls and in one hole was a mans shirt sleeve!? The toilet smelt as if it hadn't been cleaned in months, and the floor was so dusty you couldn't take your shoes off. The bedroom had a 70's wooden TV that was practically hanging off the wall and the wardrobe consisted of 3 hangers on a pole. Behind one of the beds, the dust was so thick on the carpet it was like a rug!One of my last moans was on the day we left, we were charged a £10 deposit per room for the keys (3 rooms) on the first day- fine, but on the last day we were told we would only recieved half back ,because we wanted to put our cases in the 'luggage room'. This room was the 'breakfast room', with a big glass door and no lock, when I questioned the £5 i was told &quot; your lucky I'm charging you per room, it's normally £5 per bag&quot; -rude!Like i said, as students we took a cheap deal and didnt expect anything spectacular, but this hotel was an absolute joke! I would not reccommend it to a rat ( and they obviously visit, because there are plenty of traps around for them) it doesnt say anything about that in the write up!!	
Apr 1 2008 	Never again!!!	Disgusting is the only thing to say about this so called hotel!.Rude people on reception when they were complaints about the rooms, and i heard lots of complaints. Just corn flakes and toast for breakfast, rubbish in the so called garden, dirty bedlinen, television that never worked , i could go on, but i think you get the picture. My advice STAY AWAY.!	
Mar 25 2008	One Word: Awful…	1. You book for 4 beds/room, you get 3beds!2. No lift - 3 floors with lots of stairs!3. They don't care if you are disabled , they ll put you on the 3rd floor!4. They see you as a pound, ok and as an animal!	
Feb 12 2008 	good location and staff too basic rooms and breakfast	Me and my friend, we plan the trip just 3 days before departure and it was hard to find a room on the weekend, so this was made by a travel agency that charge us quite double the prices...Staff has been friendly and helpfull, thanks to Rodrigo for first impression and Carlos that suggest us a nice pub near Tower Bridge to get our first Sunday Roast!Brekfast was ok, not so various, maybe could be affect if you stay many days: cornflakes, milk, tea, dark coffee, rolls and 2toasted bread, butter and jam....about juice: someone found real fresh made orange juice in London?Room was quite small but heated; i've seen something smaller under the roof, upstairs on 4th floor for the same price; bathtube with hotwater everytime.No complaints about tube station (maybe we was too tired to hear it? anyway our room was facing Penywern Street), and bed bugs too (after reading the comments....how many days do you need to discover it?)Silvia &amp; Ce, Italy	
Feb 4 2008	Get Me Out of Here	We were given a 2 night stay at this hotel for Xmas.Unfortunatelyit became a very expensive weekend ,as we had to book into another hotel . The Oxford was so bad. We opened the door to the room, it stank, the beds were so rickety when my 11 year old sat on one it almost collapsed, there was a couple of inches of dust on the skirting, and the bathroom was filthy. How this hotel gets a licence I do not know, it must break all the hygene rules.My advise is dont go there.	
Jan 20 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed at	Where to start in reviewing this hotel. We booked a quad room in December 07 and it was the smallest room for 4 people I have ever been in, room was only suitable for 2 people. We had 4 camp beds so not even proper beds which proved to be most uncomfortable. The so called bathroom didnt have a toilet that would flush properly and what they called a shower couldnt be regulated, so you either had a cold shower or were lucky enough to get some hot water, providing you were up before anyone else in the hotel decided to have a shower.Definately the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Take our advice and book somewhere different, the only saving grace for this hotel is its location, 100 metres from Earls Court train station, but the location isnt enought compensation for me to want to ever stay there again.	
Dec 15 2007	Good Hotel ForThe Budget Traveler	The main problem I had with the Oxford, was the fact that you had to leave your room, in order to use a commode. I didn't realize that the room I was in did not have a full bathroom. I also didn't particularly like the fact that there was no dresser to put clothes in. However, you can't beat the great location, with the tube and bus service right around the corner and the concierge desk was very well organized and the guys handling patrons were very helpful. I was traveling alone and they made me feel welcome, informed and safe. That was important to me.	
Dec 4 2007 	nice place to stay	I stayed in this hotel in December with my family and all of us were satisfied. We stayed in a big room for 5 people. The room was clean, there was a TV, radio, shower and bathroom. Everything was clean. The location is very good, because it is a quiet area very close to Earl's court station. The reception stuff was very helpfull and the breakfast was corn falkes, toasts, rolls, jam, butter, coffee,tea and juice. I would go back here again.	
May 14 2007 	Search for somewhere better if possible	This hotel had a very poor booking in service. We booked it through Central R and paid a 10% deposit, about a month later they took the payment for the first night out of the bank (check the very small print). So we had our money sorted and we had enough to pay the second night on arrival. When we arrived they refunded the money they had taken two months earlier onto the card (take the original card with you, if not they will not refund it) and then asked us to pay 2 full nights again. The money they refunded would take 3 days to go back on so we had to use a credit card to pay the remainder as we obvioulsy did not take lots of spare cash to walk around London with. So in effect whilst we were there they had 3 nights worth of our money. There was no mention of the farcical payment methods when we booked it and the man on reception showed no customer service what so ever, simply saying I do not make the rules over and over again. The room itself was very basic and the bathroom was tiny, you could barely turn around in it, the shower door was hanging off its hinges and the shelf was hanging off the wall. We booked a quad room which is advertised as 4 single beds, however it was 2 singles and a double. The location was ok, but if you are a light sleeper bear in mind it is very close to the tube and the trains start at 6am.	
Nov 30 2006 	Good for Budget Traveller but wont make accommodations	I stayed here for two nights, the room was clean and in a good location, I wasn't expecting much more for the cost, however I booked a double room w/facilities and they put us in a tripple i.e. single beds. I was unhappy with this and tried to exchanged and they told me flat to my face that I booked a tripple with no facilities. I'm like Hello there is no way in hell I would book a room for 3 when I am staying with my husband and I would never ever stay in a room without a bathroom. So they basically either lied to my face and just put me in whatever room they had left over or Obitz used false advertising on their sight when I booked. Either way the location here was good and it was clean, but it was noisy at night even with earplugs in, and we had electrical problems (the wall radio cut itself on at 4am one morning) plus the bathroom was the size of an airplanes! The budget traveller who just wants to crash at night will be happy with this hotel if they can sleep through noise, others might be wary.	
Oct 26 2006 	Worst Place to stay! Terrible Hotel!	I booked this hotel thorugh Otel.com for september , and at last moment when I could not get a better hotel. The location was convenient, close to Earl's court station. First look at my room, and it was so small and dark, you don;t want to stay there. They would not refund the money because it was an online booking. Stay over the next few days and some angry guests led me to believe that they give their worst rooms to online booking people who cannot be refunded. I even saw a guest who was given a room in the basement, was absokutely horrible beacuse they dis not even have the space to walk. Shower was small, it was hard to fit in, bed lining was poor quality and TV was crappy with 2 channels working. Breakfast - they give you toast, juice and coffee day after day with absolutely no changes or variety. The worst part came on my last day when my room was broken into by a burglar including 2 otehr rooms and my laptop and passport were stolen. The hotel does not accept responsibility and I was stuck in there for 3 more days. Its up to you to decide when you check into a hotel room, forget its filthy, bad or anything. If someone can break into your room, cause you harm, and the management does not accept the responsibility, would you stay in tht hotel? Decide for yourself.	
Oct 3 2006 	Pretty awful!	Myself and my Girlfriend stayed at the Oxford Hotel for three nights at the end of September 2006 and I have to say that it is genuinely the WORST hotel that either of us have ever stayed in (and we are both reasonably well travelled!). Firstly, we had to stay in a twin room for our first night (despite having booked a DOUBLE room several months previously for the duration of our stay) which of course meant the hassle of pushing the beds together (no easy task in such a small room!) and then re-packing and moving into another room the following day - all without any help from the staff. Also, the twin room was at the rear of the hotel, so we were regularly treated to very loud PA announcements from the nearby underground station. It should also be noted that both our rooms were situated in the Oxford's annexe, which is a couple of doors down from the main hotel. This is impractical and also slightly disconcerting as the hotel reception is therefore in a separate building and there are no staff to hand (to be fair, the reception was only a phone call away, but we would have both felt a little easier had it been located in the same building). The lack of a lift was also a little annoying as the tramp up two flights of winding stairs to our room quickly became a slog (especially with our heavy bags).Secondly, both the twin and double rooms were VERY small and not particularly clean, the bedding in particular was very grubby and was not changed once during our stay. The bathroom in the double room was also seemingly designed for either Hobbits or Astronauts, such was its BREATHTAKING tininess!Thirdly, the continental breakfast on offer, while having its good points (decent toast and a nice selection of Duerr's jams) was very limited and repetitive (have they not heard of ANY other cereal than cornflakes?!) and the tea was spectacularly awful! If there's one thing that's unforgivable in a London hotel then it's a weak, flavourless cuppa - dear oh dear! Lastly and most annoyingly, I asked for a spare pillow for three nights in a row and was told three times that there was not ONE available - seriously, that's not too much to ask, is it?! My Girlfriend suffered three sleepless nights on account of the one limp, flat pillow that she was forced to make do with.To be fair, the hotel is in an excellent location on a pleasant residential street and is only a stone's throw from the underground station. Earl's Court itself is also a lively, friendly area with plenty of welcoming restaurants and pubs. The staff at the Oxford (whilst not always speaking perfect English!) were also very pleasant, which they really needed to be as any time we passed the reception they seemed to be having to placate angry guests! So I guess it wasn't just us bellyaching then!All in all, the Oxford Hotel is not a place I would recommend to a friend, a stranger or even my worst enemy! It's small, dingy and thoroughly unpleasant and should you choose to stay here then it could conceivably spoil your time in London. As my Girlfriend and I sit here now composing this &quot;review&quot;, I have noticed that we are both (I SWEAR that this is true!) involuntarily grimacing and itching at the mere memory of its grubbiness! You have been warned!	
Sep 9 2006 	Great Location!	First time in London, and was PLEASANTLY surprised at the location of the hotel. Very near the tube (its just round the corner), located in a quiet street (residential, i suppose), and accessible to the main road for groceries, laundry, and even the post office.Plus, earl's court exhibition center is just at the back.Breakfast tends to get tired after 4 days, as they offer the same cereal and bread, plus juice. But we always ate a full breakfast nonetheless, and it would have cost a few quid outside.Room -- so-so. Not really small, had a TV. No airconditioning.Washroom -- so-so. I suppose they cleaned it everyday.Price -- for the location, very good!Would go back.	
Jul 17 2006	Really bad	Very small room, not properly cleaned, smelling strongly of tobacco smoke (we are non-smokers). My wife found bloodstains from a previous occupant on the bed linen. En-suite small, cramped and hard to use. My wife came back to room and found a cleaner sorting through our waste bin. Enough said! Forget photos.	
Jul 8 2006	Very small	Very,very small room, was there for 4 nights, sheets never changed only the towels.Breakfast was the same every morning. Very noisy, doors banging all the time.Staff pleasant. I will not return...	
May 20 2006	Budget hotel in good location	Oxford Hotel is only for those looking for a no-frills, budget hotel. Positive: It's in a great location - just around the corner from a subway stop. It's also off of the Piccadilly Line, so it's only a few stops from Piccadilly Circus, Leister Square and Covent Gardens.Negative: We had a room in the auxiliary building, just a few doors down. There is no lift, which really sucked considering you're carrying bags!The first night, there was a tremendous amount of noise from a very noisy neibouring room. The next night was quiet. The room was very small, and the bathroom was a closet. But we didn't spend a lot of time in the room, so it wasn't a problem.The water worked, there was a plug-in kettle if you wanted to brew tea, and there's a small dining room if you want to buy breakfast in the hotel. It was clean, and they brought fresh towels. Overall, our stay was fine enough.	
Feb 10 2006	Beautiful hotel in very central location	I am a post graduate student and come to London twice a year for lectures at the London School of Economics and sometimes for leisure. I found this hotel through a friend and was very impressed with cleanliness. I had coffee/tea making facilities in my room, which was replenished daily, sheets and towels changes, a safe, radio and alarm clock. The staff at reception and breakfast room were very polite, always smiled.I have now become a regular and everyone knows me when I check in. The area is very good too with lots of restaurants. I always have a coffee at the Troubadour coffee shop. I thought I would share my thoughts with other travellers.	
Dec 5 2005	Great place for budget travellers	I booked this hotel through a spanish tour operator in Bilbao and was very pleased. Clean rooms, towels changed everydays, coffee/tea free in the room. The staff in the breakfast room and reception were very friendly and made our stay a memorable. I highly recommend this place to other travellers.	
Dec 4 2005	Clean And Friendly	We were recently on honeymoon in this hotel. The room was very clean and the staff have impecable manners - helped us with cheaper tickets for museums, musicals, sightseeing tours, restaurants - they made our honeymoon such a memorable one. We felt at home and highly recommend it to other travellers like us, who had a small budget, but got a lot for our money.	
Aug 16 2005	There are at least 2 Oxford Hotels in London	When reserving the Oxford Hotel, I wanted the one on Craven Terrace, more centrally located and near the gates to Hyde Park. Unfortunately, it turned out I reserved the Oxford Hotel on Penywern Road in Earl's Court...which is farther away. However, Penywern is a pleasant little road with many hotels, and ours was quite good. Our room had a complete bathroom and was like a little oasis, very clean, despite the beds being the narrowest I've ever slept in. Breakfast was included, but wasn't very varied....however, the price we were paying was VERY cheap for London, so we couldn't complain (something like 38 euros a night for 2 people). The metro was just around the corner and there were tons of little food shops (including a trendy mark's and spencer's) and many restaurants and take-aways and bars. The rating: ABOVE AVERAGE with relation to price and situation....if it had been expensive, I would've complained.....although I slept very well there	
Feb 22 2005	My little gem in London		
Dec 27 2004	Not bad if you don't mind		
Dec 3 2004	don't stay here		
Oct 21 2004	bedbugs galore!!!!		
Sep 3 2004	Lices		
Jul 23 2004	You should try this one.		
May 27 2004	Good: Not Great but Acceptable		
Mar 22 2004	"Talk about being close to the tube"		
Jan 26 2004	Very good experience		
Nov 17 2002	Not recommended		
Nov 14 2009 	Bien placé		
Nov 5 2009 	Moyen		
Oct 23 2009 	super hotel		
Sep 28 2009	demasiado pequeño		
Sep 20 2009 	Für Kurztrips um London zu erkunden perfekt!		
Sep 5 2009 	dovrebbero imparare a fare gli albergatori o cambiare mestiere		
Sep 3 2009 	Uno dei peggiori mai visti		
Aug 26 2009 	accueil parfait		
Aug 3 2009 	Très decevant		
Jul 6 2009 	????????????		
Jun 8 2009 	Una buona scelta		
May 13 2009 	Veramente sconsigliato ai claustrofobici!!!		
Jan 25 2009 	hotel minable		
Jan 8 2009 	Estancia Increible		
Dec 1 2008 	Correct		
Nov 7 2008 	Intéressant		
Jun 8 2008 	Sicuramente economico		
Mar 20 2008 	Das Beste war das Frühstück		
Jan 8 2008	Hotel très moyen		
Dec 10 2007 	Quelle horreur !		
Oct 6 2007	Das Oxford ist für einen Kurzurlaub völlig ok.		
Sep 23 2007 	La próxima vez gastaré algo más en el hotel		
Jul 13 2006	small room good location		
