May 30 2009 	Clean and well-located apartments in Paddington	The Aspen Suites provide me with a lot of what I need on a business trip: a great location for public transport within London or trains to other cities, an apartment with cooking facilities and a washer/dryer, a free internet connection (though remember to bring a connector cable from your laptop to the wall socket), and a very high standard of cleanliness. Granted, some of the furniture is getting a bit tired, and the breakfast is monotonous (though plentiful), but this is Central London and you can do a lot, lot worse. In my experience, the staff are friendly when treated with respect and courtesy. Most important of all for me is the high standard of room cleaning.	
Aug 15 2008 	Staff were friendly but suites left a lot to be desired	Although the staff were very friendly and the suite was decorated and cleaned to a very high standard there were a number of problems.The first being that during my stay the fire alarm went off persistently. It was incredibly loud and went off throughout the day and particurlarly early in the morning (5-6am). When I contacted reception staff there informed me that it was an alarm but could not provide me with any information as to why it was going off or when it would be fixed.The second problem I encountered was that my suite was adjacent to a door used frequently by staff. The walls in the suite are thin so everytime someone walked through the door it slammed shut and the whole suite shook. I paid for a suite to sleep in but didn't manage to get much sleep between the piercing alarm and the slamming of doors.Lastly I paid for a continental breakfast every morning of my stay but felt that the breakfast provided was poor in choice. By that I mean that if you don't like cornflakes or toast arrange to have your breakfast some place else.	
May 10 2008 	Clean accomodation good price great location	I stayed there this week for 4 nights, with my wife and 3 kids, 9,8,6 . We had a two bedroom apartment. It was very clean, small /tidy, but sufficient sized bedrooms, and a good sized sofa bed in addition . The living room was nice. The home from home convenience provided by apartment as opposed to hotel room living, was great. The TV -DVD was handy to have especially when you have young kids, reception has a list of DVD's you can rent for free, and overall the apartment was great, and in comparison to trying to get a family room or two rooms in a hotel it was much better and good value. too The breakfast was fine., your get basically orange juice, cornflakes, ham &amp; cheese toast and tea, what more than you can expect at these prices, and it does fill you up for the day ahead. The reception staff I found friendly and nice. Of course with all the places in Sussex Gardens you are getting first and foremost a handy location in terms of closeness to the city tourist sites. The noise from the traffic was constant and little shielded by the single glazed windows, but not too loud and certainly not enough to stop 5 very tired tourists sleeping soundly through it every night. I would really recommend this place to any one with young kids in the 5 to 13 age bracket. One small gripe the internal doors in the apartment were very heavy, and needed a good push to open, and swung shut automatically so would not recommend to younger kids as they literally would struggle to be able to open the doors and would definitely get the fingers stuck at some point ! We never really used the clean kitchen apart from light snacks as you are surrounded by restaurants nearby. The place was cleaned every day and was spotless overall. We would definitely recommend and would come back. With a place like this you have an idea what you are booking in the first place ( not the Savoy or the Ritz), and those expectations were well surpassed , we had a great time.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great Location very clean.	Stayed at the Aspen as a family of five in a two bedroomed apartment. Yes I agree it was small, but if you want 5 star rooms, pay for them!Shower was powerful, bathroom was rather small but adequate. Kitchen very clean, fridge, washer/dryer, Microwave plus all utensils, more than adequate. Breakfast was complementary, cereal, toast, meat &amp; cheese, you could pay £3 for full English. Vey basic breakfast - but it is free!Less than 5 minutes walk to Paddington Underground, some nice Restaurants, Chinese, Indian, Italian plus the usual Steak Houses, all within 10 minutes walk around Paddington. One problem, it is very noisy, the traffic outside is constant &amp; the windows not all double glazed, if you are a light sleeper it will be a problem. We found reception more than helpful &amp; very nice with the children. Yes it is £10 for the remote, but you do get it back!Black Cabs run constantly along the road outside the Aspen, very easy &amp; quick to flag one down.The Aspen can be difficult to locate - the Hotel is actually listed as Abbeywood so it would be best to let your cab driver know that - we found it very easily.Overall, a great stay, reasonably priced &amp; a great location - would we stay again - Most definately.	
Sep 28 2007 	okay for short stay	My husband and I stayed here for four nights in August. I agree with all that the previous respondent said but found that it didn't detract from the stay. I did have trouble figuring out the washer/dryer with no instructions (nothing dried) but overall we found it quite good. Very small rooms but very clean and great location and its good having the extra living space if one wants to go to bed earlier than the other. We didn't find it too noisy. Breakfast was very basic but you could get a full English breakfast for an extra cost. My husband was a bit surprised about the charge for the remote but no problems getting it back. My only complaint came on our last day. We had said to the trainee receptionist the day before that we would need a taxi to Kings Cross station and should we order ahead of time or flag one down in the street. She quoted us 10.00 to 15.00 if she ordered one for us so we decided to do so. The car was the hotel's own as the driver was in the hotels uniform and I had seen him around there. We were charged 18pound which we considered over the top. Consequently no tip for him.	
Sep 20 2007 	Wouldn't recommend	I stay in London quite frequently and have perhaps become a bit fussy as to what I expect, but found this hotel fell short on several matters.Heating was not working. I queried this with three different staff and got three different responses - &quot;It doesn't come on till later&quot;/&quot;It's in a short (2 hour) shut down phase&quot;/&quot;We'll send up maintenace but that won't be till tomorrow&quot;. Eventually, at gone 8pm, a free standing heater was obtained &amp; brought to the room.There were no curtains at the windows, just a VERY flimsy slatted blind that blocked out almost no light (in the bedroom only). I have been unwell recently and often need a day time snooze - I'd have liked to have done so in the dark!The shower IS pathetic and fixed head only. (When will hotels learn these make it almost impossible for us ladies to keep our hair dry!) TV reception was bad and the channels very limited. No radio either. There's even a £10 deposit for the remote - the only other place I've ever been asked for this was in a budget (32 quid a night) Etap hotel.The kitchen is basic but workable, however it lacks those extra welcoming touches. No cleaning stuff, non existent instructions for washer and cooker and most importantly - NO TEAPOT. When I requested one, I was told no one had access to the kitchen until the following morning at 7.15am. Not surprised those who sampled the breakfast were disappointed.....since they start serving at 7.30am they can hardly put much care into its preparation!The website doesn't inform you &amp; nor do the staff that it's 10.30am check out (threats of an additional whole days charge should this be contravened). This info is only on the room card and on a notice in the room; along with a list of other &quot;dos &amp; don'ts&quot; - very boarding house!Comments about the staff were pretty accurate - a couple of requests were either ignored/forgotten, or done too late. By the time my extra loo roll arrived, I'd gone out &amp; bought some myself....The above are perhaps 'minor' quibbles, but taken as a whole it means I certainly won't be staying here ever again	
May 6 2007 	Room great but staff poor	I booked this hotel for our stay in London. There were 2 couples so the place was nice in that it had a kitchen. The place was okay but the staff needs some work. They didn't tell us that we needed to put the key in a holder by the door in order to get lights. We did figure it out but... Also, I had called the hotel and specifically asked them what I needed to bring for the kitchen. I was told everything was provided. When we got there we found out that dish soap, dishwasher soap and tea towels and cloths were not provided. They told me I could go and buy some at the store and leave the rest.. I don't think so. Also they said to make sure you didn't leave anything in the room, but when asked about leaving some things in their safe we were told that they didn't have room. Also, the breakfast left a lot to be desired especially if you can't eat wheat as that was all they provided. Probably would not stay there again although we ended up liking the location.	
Mar 31 2007 	Modern small cheap and noisy!	I'm currently staying at the Hyde Park Suites in Bayswater, London, W2.I booked a room on their website after lots of email communication with some of their staff regarding the suitability of the room for my purposes (business). After being reassured that the room would be big enough for two business people to work in, I booked a triple suite. Unfortunately I was informed that this was no longer available, but they provided me with a two person flat at a discount, which I was happy with.When I arrived at the main reception desk, I was informed that I had to give them a copy of my passport (why?!) and had to pay £10 upfront for a key deposit. I was only given ONE key between myself and my partner, and when I asked if another was available, I was told that there wasn't. I also found out that the wireless internet was payable PER COMPUTER as they use a log-on system which is computer-specific.We were placed in a room down the road at their new accommodation on the fourth floor, with a broken lift, which wasn't great when we had two huge suitcases with us.The room itself was nicely decorated (Ikea), all clean, but very small (although I was expecting this). It had a small modern bathroom, a small kitchen/lounge and a bedroom.The bathroom was very clean and looked great, however the shower was rather puny - it was like standing under a tap!The room had cable TV and a flat-screen TV, but didn't actually have any English channels except BBC World. I rang up the desk and requested that we had some English ones, to which I was told that it would be sorted the next day, which it was.The kitchen was good, and there were enough utensils to cook decent food.I have stayed 5 nights and have had my towels changed, but nobody has been to change my bin (which I had to put outside the room in the hallway because it was smelling!) or clean the rooms. It's a good thing I bought some loo roll with me! Lol!Another irritation was that being on the fourth floor, and only having one key, it would have been useful to have had a buzzer system which worked! It obviously hasn't been wired in properly.These were all pretty minor concerns though. The one thing which did bother me though was the noise. Maybe because I am not used to staying in London it bothered me more than it might bother others, but when laying in bed, it sounded like the windows were wide open and there was a lot of street noise. The first night I didn't sleep until 3am! The people above me were also very noisy at night, and you can hear people moving around all the time.All in all, it is good value for money if you are happy to make a few minor concessions. The location is great and it is literally 5 minutes from the tube.	
Feb 19 2007 	Terrible service!!	The front desk at Aspen Suites have the worst possible attitudes that I have ever encountered. The male trainee that attended to me at check in was cold and rude. My room wasn't ready on arrival, though I was told to check in at 1pm. I had a one bedroom apartment which was pretty small but neat and clean. I was actually considering staying here again but such terrible service made me change my mind. The front desk's attitude makes it seem like they don't really care whether you stay with them or not.Parking at this hotel is not free. It's a ridiculous £10 a day even for hotel guests. And you have to leave your car keys with them. When my friend asked for his car keys the next day, the girl at the front desk was rude and asked him loads of questions before handing him his keys. No 'Hello' or 'Good Morning'. Just a sour face for you.After checking out, I realised that I'd left something in the room so we went back to get it. The same female trainee said that because we'd already checked out, we had to wait in the lobby while she called the housekeeper. After a 20 minute wait, there was still no news so I asked if we could go up and look for it ourselves. It took her 10mins to get back to us and another 5 mins for the housekeeper to take us to our room.We found what we were looking for immediately. What could have taken us less than 5 minutes, took more than half an hour and as a result, we were very late for an appointment we had that afternoon. None of the hotel staff were the least bit apologetic. TERRIBLE!	
Jan 11 2007 	Really nice place	We stayed here for 10 nights in July 2006. For a family of 4 this proved to be an excellent choice of accomodation. Two separate bedrooms, living room, fully equipped kitchen and 3 piece bathroom. Very comfortable. The hotel itself is probably 100+ years old but the interior has been totally rebuilt and modernized. The desk staff were quite helpful and exceptionally polite. There is a dining room downstairs serving breakfast but we preferred to make use of our kitchen for light meals and snacking. Paddington Railway Station - with its Underground Station - is a mere 5 minute walk away. There is grocery store at the station as well which we found quite useful. A good range of restaurants, pubs and shops are all located nearby. A very safe neighbourhood -- we were out quite late many nights and never felt or encountered any threat to personal safety. The only real negative is that Sussex Gardens is a much busier and noisier thoroughfare than anticipated - traffic was pretty intense - even until quite late at night. The Brits make fairly liberal use of the car horn which can be annoying. On the whole though I'd gladly stay here again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Good value and service.	Stayed here with family members for a few nights when the accommodation we had booked on-line turned out to be dismal. We walked a little further down the road and found these self-catering flats. Although they were fully booked, they had one flat that had not yet been renovated and allowed us to take a look to see if it was suitable. We jumped at the opportunity and gladly accepted. We heard the newly-refurbished rooms were great, but there was nothing wrong with our older room. It had a small kitchen area, which was most convenient, tiny bathroom, sleeper couch for me, and 2 single beds upstairs in the small attic area. Perfectly adequate, especially for such late notice. The area is safe and most convenient for the subway. Plenty of restaurants and a grocery shop or two to keep expenses down. Service was excellent in general. A bargain at 60 Pounds a night for the room.	
Jul 20 2005 	Great value and convienant	My husband and I stayed here and found the apartment to be very comfortable. I was in London on business, interviewing candidates for positions in my company and needed a place with a seperate sitting room. This worked out perfectly. We asked for a room with a balcony, which we got, and were delighted. The rooms are small and closet space is tight, but it was very convienant, one block from Paddington station. Hard to find, there is no signage for Aspen Suites, but rather Abbey Court. The breakfast included was just OK and the staff not overly friendly, but helpful when asked. We were happy to find a washer/dryer, but not sure how to use it properly. There were not instructions and since they run on different power I thought I was going to burn my clothes. Bathroom is tiny, but everything functional and we couldn't beat if for the price.	
