Nov 22 2009 	SMALL AND FRIENDLY	I booked Henley House after seeing positive reviews. Our bedroom was small but this was not a problem as we only slept in it. Lovely view of the park opposite. Reception staff very friendly, and let us check in at 12 noon as our room was ready. Continental breakfast was substantial. Earls Court station round corner was a bonus. Whilst clean, I think it could do with a refurbishment in places, as our bathroom sink had a small crack in it. Overall it is good value for money, and they store your luggage until departure. This enabled us to make the most of our final day. Would stay there again,	
Nov 8 2009 	good place to stay	We have just returned from a weekend in London. Its a great place to visit. Opted to stay at the Henley House Hotel which is very near Earls Court underground station. It overlooks a small park and our room had a lovely balcony which would be lovely should the weather allow.The reception staff were friendly and very helpful. The room was small but had everything you needed and was very clean as was the small bathroom.The continental breakfast was fine (It is included in the price). The main English breakfast (at an additonal charge) seemed only to consist of an egg and bacon so we passed on this. Best part of a cooked breakfast is sausages isn't it! Anyway all in all would book here again should we ever visit London in the future.	
Oct 13 2009 	Henley House Hotel	I had a really great stay, breakfast was good and the rooms were an okay size. I liked that it was close to an underground station and there were also lots of fast food places in the neighborhood.	
Oct 13 2009 	A well located hotel	Our double room was quite small , a little dated but clean. They termed it as one of their larger rooms, though. The attached bathroom was very tiny ; and clean.Our room was on the first floor and at the back, hence quiet.The cold buffet breakfast was adequate and there is an option for eggs at an extra cost.The staff at the reception was very helpful and pleasant.The location couldn't be any better. Close to the Earls Court tube station on the Piccaddily line from Heathrow. Lots of shops and restaurants, a five minute walk away.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great London Hotel Value	Based on others' reviews, I expected the room to be small - and it was smaller, I think, than my bedroom closet! But it was quite adequate, clean and comfortable, the breakfast room is sunny and delightful, and the staff was very helpful. The hotel location really cannot be beat: two minutes from the Earls Court tube station on the Piccadilly line from Heathrow and in the midst of pubs, restaurants and shops.	
Jun 13 2009 	Not bad for the price....	We choose this hotel for price &amp; location, and after reading some reviews. We expected the room to be small and it was ! However, it had all we needed. The bathroom was exceptionally small, but everything worked ok! The continental breakfast included in the price was most adequate, and the conservatory breakfast room quite pleasant. We were there over a weekend, and both mornings had to wait a short while for a table.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't even consider it!	Check-in was fast and the receptionist friendly enough. Warned not to use the lift as there was a funny smell coming from it which was apparently being fixed. Took the stairs to the room on the third floor, opened the door, walked in and walked straight out again. Main reasons being: the room hadn't been cleaned and the linen that had been left in there was filthy (as in old, stained, and generally unclean), the pillows were stained yellow, the 'red' blanket was in fact thick with dirt and therefore black, the cushions were faded and also dirty, and the room in general smelled awful. The carpet didn't look as though it had been cleaned in months, it was dusty, the paint on the windows was falling off and creating a nice pile of flakes on the windowsill. We didn't even look in the bathroom! The room in itself was small, which was expected, but the cleanliness of this place made us turn around and walk back down to reception, demand our money back and walk out the door. The only good thing about it is the location, which is in a lovely area of South West London. However, there are many better hotels in this area - stay in one of those instead!	
Apr 18 2009 	We are happy to have found a little London hideaway	If it's good value, quiet, 15-20min to Leicester Square, ample continental breakfast &amp; friendly staff you're looking for, you just found it. If it's chic or modern you are after, move on! The room was a bit dated but comfortable and the bathroom was perfectly clean. We were pleasantly surprised with this little find and will definitely see if they have rooms spare next time we're in London.	
Apr 14 2009	Really nice great location good value	Just back from 3 days staying at Henley House Hotel. Great little find! Got tube directly from Heathrow and then only a 2 minute walk Warm friendly atmosphere, clean comfortable rooms and nice area, would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 11 2009 	Good value for money in excellent location	I have stayed in several boutique hotels within the same price range in this area (Earls Court), and this place offers best value for money. The location is excellent, with Tube, supermarkets and many pubs and restaurants (try Masala Zone) in close proximity. The rooms are small, but quiet (at least the basement room) and nicely decorated. Staff is helpful and modest, perhaps even shy. Breakfast is simple, but adequate; pleasantly surprised with quality of coffee.	
Mar 8 2009 	Good value hotel ideal for Earls Court	This is the second time myself and colleagues have stayed here whilst working at Earls Court. It's ideally located for the exhibition centre on a quiet street about 5 mins walk away. Our only complaints would be that the rooms are very small and there seems to be a problem controlling the water temp in the showers from the 2nd floor up. Other than that I think it's excellent value for money- we paid £59 per person per night, which is fairly cheap for the area. The whole place was scrupulously clean, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the beds comfortable and it was quiet. Breakfast not anything amazing, just cereal and toast but that's all i'd have at home anyway so it wasn't a problem for me. One of my colleagues complained because of the shower and they moved him to a different room straight away without any fuss. All in all, excellent value for money.	
Mar 6 2009 	Very good location for the price	We stayed one night in room 31 at the end of our trip. The location was excellent, very close to the Earls Court tube station for Picadilly and District lines. And there were plenty of pubs and shops around as well. The room was small by American standards but good size by English standards. The room was clean and linens were in good shape. The bed was of average comfort. The room had a small tv and a radio/cd player which was nice. There is tea service in the room. There was no trouser press or iron, however. The bathroom was tiny but had plenty of hot water for the showers. The shower, itself, is very small and one wrong move will shut off the water to the shower.We did not have the breakfast as we had to leave for our flight too early. The reception area has limited hours, it doesn't open until 7:45am and the breakfast room opens at 7:30am. The reception closes at 11pm but you have a key to access the front door. If you have a check out before 7:45am you might want to let them know at check in. Check in was very quick and easy. They had our room ready early for us, which was nice. There is not much space to store your luggage.The Earls court area has plenty to do, and you are so close to the tube here. I would recommend this hotel for a couple of nights but maybe not for an entire week. My rate was $56pounds ($84 after conversion) and I think it was a very good rate. I'd stay here again.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Budget	My Husband and I arrived very early. We were both exhausted from the trip and I was 4 mths pregnant at the time. They allowed us to go to our room although it wasn't cleaned (we begged). They warned us about not being able to clean the room yet. Overall the place was ok. I'm not sure if they even went back to clean the room after we checked-in early. The breakfast was not the continental we had in mind. Canned fruit, toast and cereal. Anything else was a charge. We half expected that from other reviews on breakfasts in London. Room is very small of course for the area. We were glad that it was just a one night stay.Positives - small and quaint. Quiet area and very close to the tube.	
Sep 16 2008 	Cockroach shared my room	Our party stayed at the Henley House Hotel for 2 nights, and had a twin and single room in the hotel (rooms 1 and 46). Room 46 was in the basement with no view, but was a good size.Room 46 is on the top floor and the smallest room I have ever seen. On awaking on the first morning I was greeted by sight of a cockroach running across the floor., which ruined my stay.I didnt complain to the hotel staff as I didnt want to spoil the vacation for the other party members, plus I found it difficult to communicate as all the reception staff were non english and had difficulty understanding the language.Overall would I spend my hard earned cash on this hotel...not on your life!!.	
Jul 13 2008 	Just OK	Never really connected with this place. The room was just OK, the staff was marginally helpful, and the lift was not safe. The location is great, within walking distance to the Tube, pubs, and local attractions. The breakfast was also marginal. Not the best value for the price.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Value 	I picked the Henley House out after looking though several TripAdvisor reviews of hotels in the Kensington area of London. They seemed favorable and now we certainly agree. I have to disagree a bit with the Texan that said the staff wasn't helpful in helping them find a place for traditional fish and chips other than MacDonald's. Come on! How about the pub that is on the corner right between the hotel and the Earl's Court tube station? Duh.It appears that Salsa-and-Chips from Central Texas had our room, #41, as did others with pictures. Maybe this is the room for folks from the Lone Star State. It was just fine. The ONLY drawback to me was the fixed overhead shower nozzle. You're going to wash your hair if you take a shower. But no big deal, really. Good location and friendly staff. No A/C, but we took a chance in late June on cool English weather and it was just fine. You could hear some Tube train noise from two blocks north, but it wasn't horrible, and it did quit after midnight. In the winter I'm sure you won't hear it at all. The elevator was small, only two people together or one with luggage at a time. How tough is that? Cost was about 71 GBP with VAT included. Wireless internet was included for no extra charge. Breakfast was only continental, but was also included with the room, It had cereals, yogurt, cheese, croissants, toast, OJ or apple juice or milk.If you can't find something to eat within two blocks of the Earl's Court station, one must be blind. For a really good value, try the Star Kabob place a block north. I would most certainly stay here again on my next trip to London.	
May 27 2008	Overall - excellent	I stayed at this hotel in early May 2008. The hotel was easy to find as they provide very specific directions (a must when wheeling suitcases around unfamiliar cities) and approx 3 minutes from the underground.The room I was given was larger than expected - I'd booked a single room but was given a room on the ground floor with a double bed which overlooked a garden - a wonderfully quiet haven after at 26-hour-flight.The room was clean and well-maintained and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was small, but not tiny, and compared favourably with other hotels and guesthouses I stayed at during the trip. The location was excellent - just 2 minutes or so from Earls Court Road with numerous cafes, shops and 2 metro supermarkets and entrance to the underground and about 15 minutes by tube to London's main attractions. The only bad thing was that the TV didn't work, however this wasn't an issue for me only because jetlag.	
May 21 2008 	Beware!	At check-in, we told the clerk that we'd be checking out early -- at 8:15 on a Saturday morning. We were told breakfast didn't start until 8:30, so we'd be out of luck. I told the clerk that the reason we'd chosen a B&amp;B was to have breakfast included -- and since it was only a continental breakfast, could we pick something up the night before from the kitchen. She said she thought something could be arranged.Well, fortunately, the kitchen staff arrives at 8:00, and while they couldn't promise that the rolls would be done cooking (they take 20 minutes to bake), they did say we could knock on the kitchen door, and the staff would be expecting us -- but that we might have to settle for toast, cereal, cheese (no rolls).Actually, it worked out just fine, as we grabbed some cereal and cheese -- and by then, the toast was ready... and the rolls (croissants) were ready just before we left. So, the lesson is -- if you're leaving early, ASK if they can make arrangements for you to have SOMETHING for breakfast, and they will try to accommodate.As for the rest of the stay -- I was VERY, VERY disappointed that the desk clerk (nor his friend -- a co-worker, I assume, who sat in the lobby talking to him) could tell us where to get fish 'n chips for dinner. I mean, the clerk didn't have even ONE suggestion for this traditional English meal! He told me where an Italian place is, but we didn't want Italian food. So, I inquired of the friend (co-worker?) in the lobby. Her suggestion? (get ready for this!!) She said, &quot;There's a McDonald's. I think they have fish. They have chicken, and I think they have fish. You might go there for fish 'n chips.&quot; MCDONALD'S?!?!?!? FOR AN EVENING MEAL OF A TRADITIONAL ENGLISH FARE?!?!? YOU MUST BE KIDDING ME!!So, we went a couple of doors down to the Best Western. They recommended 3 places nearby, though she admitted she'd never eaten at any of them -- just heard reviews. And she gave me a map!Then we went to another B&amp;B a couple of doors toward the underground station, and they recommended 3 places as well. AMAZING -- hotel staff that can suggest some local places for dinner! What a concept!Other than that, the bed was horrible. I sleep on my side, and I woke up in the night with my arm hurting becuase the bed was rock hard. The room was small, but bigger than the first B&amp;B I visited in London. The toilet didn't flush without MUCH coaxing -- and sometimes, we'd just give up until the next time we had to go! The shower was typical English-small -- not big enough to shave your legs in comforably. And the sink had two faucets -- one for hot and one for cold (instead of one combined); so you couldn't easily shave your legs in the sink either.The t.v. was supposed to have 5 channels (according to the desk clerk). But only 4 could be found -- and 2 of those were broadcasting the same thing. The t.v. remote would not turn the t.v. on/off either -- you had to get up to do that. And after you turn it on, press &quot;01&quot; on the remote to go to channel 1 -- otherwise, the t.v. just sits with the power light lit and a black screen.The room was clean, but there were no face cloths (wash cloths). I guess this is typical in London, but it sucks if you ask me. I like to use a face cloth to wash my face (and maybe armpits!) at night -- but couldn't do so.The B&amp;B is also VERY convenient to the Earl's Court underground station -- about a 3 minute walk with bags (2 minutes without bags). But again, beware -- they tell you &quot;exit the station, walk across the street, turn right, make the first left, and walk about 1 minute&quot;. Well, that's incorrect. It's actually &quot;... turn right and make the SECOND left...&quot; So, we got a little lost at first.Overall, the staff was friendly enough -- albeit clueless. And they did accommodate the slightly-early breakfast. But if you stay here, do you restaurant research BEFORE you arrive! Otherwise, McDonald's will be the recommend venue for your meal!One more thing -- there are elevators, but unless your room is right next to it, you'll still have to take some stairs (there's only one room next to the elevator, with stairs leading up or down to the other rooms on that &quot;floor&quot;).	
Mar 11 2008 	Ideal place for B	We spent a very comfortable night at this hotel. Had a twin room with sofa (actually a futon) and ensuite. We had a bay window and overlooked the square. Although only just off the main road it was very quiet. Breakfast was basic but being a buffet plenty of it and warm toast was brought to the table. Ideally situated for sight seeing. Would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 22 2008 	Smelly basement room	We stayed one night at Henley House as overall it had good reviews. It is very handy to Earls Court and the staff were very pleasant however when we got out of the lift to go to our basement room we were greeted by a hallway lined with garbage bags filled with something plus pieces of furniture etc. Then when we went into our room we were greeted by a smell of sewerage. In the morning I discovered three plug-in air fresheners around the room so obviously this smell is an ongoing problem. The shower leaked badly onto the bathroom floor which may contribute to the smelly room. The outlook was onto a filthy area below the pavement which could easily have been made more attractive. It is a pity as the room was clean, the decor very nice and the breakfast room very attractive.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great little place near Earls Court	I stayed at the Henley House for one night in late November, 2007. I just needed a place for the night while I waited for my sister, niece and nephew to arrive in London, who had rented a flat at the Citadines apartment hotel (near Charing Cross).Almost wish I could have stayed at the Henley House longer. The place was clean, fresh, well furnished, modestly priced and less than a 2 minute walk from the Earls Court underground tube station (on the Piccadilly Line, a direct line to/from Heathrow airport).The staff was courteous and professional (only conversed with the gentleman at the front desk). Wireless in room broadband is included with the room and it worked very well, even in my room near the top on the 4th floor (just get the password at the front desk when you check in). I was doing VPN to my office in the U.S. within a few minutes and checking email. Well done!Any downsides? Yes, all minor. The floors were a bit creaky, the walls thin and there was some type of construction going on nearby with a ongoing drum of a air compressor. That stopped at exactly 5PM though and frankly, wasn’t much of an issue as I was so jet lagged I could have slept through anything (and off site construction noise is not a fault of the Henley House anyway).The included breakfast was very nice with the dining area downstairs being fresh, bright and pleasant.Overall, I enjoyed my short stay immensely and would recommend this little hotel to anyone needing a modestly priced, comfortable place to stay in west-central London.	
Nov 5 2007	Nice little place to stay	The B&amp;B is well situated and close to Earls Court Tube station. We thought the B&amp;B was very good value for money, especially when you are staying in such a lovely part of London. Our room was in the basement so we didn't have great views, but the room was clean, tidy and well maintained. We also had a continental breakfast included in the price.I would definately recommend the B&amp;B, and would stay there again.	
Oct 18 2007 	Average Hotel--Probably Wouldn't Stay Again	We stayed at the Henley House Hotel for five nights in April, 2006. It wasn't a bad experience, but I'd choose a different hotel next time. The rooms are very, very small, and the bathroom was the length of my arm span. I'm used to small rooms when I travel abroad, but this was even a bit much for me. The walls are very thin as well--we heard the folks next to us fighting all night. Additionally, our room overlooked the garden across the street (pretty), but late at night it often attracted those stumbling home from the pubs (very loud). We also didn't love Earl's Court. The hotel is close to the tube, but even so we just didn't care for the area.If you're looking for an inexpensive place to sleep and drop your luggage (no harm in that), this place is fine--assuming you don't find bedbugs like the previous poster did... egads.	
Oct 18 2007 	Not very friendly	A good, good value small hotel in an excellent location near Earls Court tube. Nice breakfast in a pleasant conservatory too. But the (East European?) staff should learn to project a bit of a friendly welcome. They hardly say a word - maybe they don't speak much English - and they hardly give you a direct look. I don't think they mean to freeze you out but that's the effect, especially the girls in the breakfast room. Or maybe they just don't enjoy having guests.	
Oct 8 2007 	i would stay there again.	stayed 6 days in sept. room in basement but as we were not going to spend the day in the room that did not matter. room smallish but OK. room and small toilet /shower area cleaned daily. the beds were firm and fine. breakfast was sufficient. staff friendly and when asked helpful.the hotels website info is correct.sufficient places to eat are around and a good deli close by. very convenient to underground both for heathrow and getting into 'tourist' london. its not the ritz, but then you are not paying through the nose for a room.we were touring from overseas and i would stay there again if i was going to be in london.	
Sep 14 2007 	Just perfect!	Lovely little hotel where everything is small but just perfect for me when in London! Tube station just around the corner, also some shops and restaurants... Everything you need for a budget price in nice surrroundings. Stayed for a week in Oct/Nov 05 and for sure will go back!	
Aug 27 2007	Great little hotel	I'll admit the hotel is small, as was our twin room, but frankly for the price you can hardly expect to get the Ritz. The service was beyond excellent (they were extremely helpful, and very understanding when one of our credit cards failed to be accepted by their machine). The breakfast was great and the whole hotel was clean and tidy. Our room was small but the high ceiling meant I didn't feel crammed in. I've read some of the other reviews and quite frankly I have no idea what hotel they were staying at. The staff were polite and professional too. The location was perfect, right next to an Underground station and a bus stops and even though next door and a house behind us were undergoing work the area is quiet at night and feels safe. Whenever I return to London I will definitely be staying here again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Okay for short stay	This hotel is located in Earl's Court where there are numerous hotels. It is quiet, reasonably clean, and nicely located within short walking distance to the tube. The small park/garden across the street can be enjoyed by guests. Rooms are very small, with most space taken up by the bed. Wireless internet access is provided and works well. The elevator is smaller yet and accesses all floors; but to get to some rooms there are still stairs to negotiate (with luggage, of course). The housekeeping staff are friendly and efficient; the breakfast room is clean, but spills on floor were not cleaned very quickly. Front desk staff vary, with the female ones more accommodating than the males. The male live-in person is not always available, so people ringing the front door to get access often had to wait up to 5 minutes or more. Be sure to take your front door key when going outside. We tripped a circuit breaker for our room, notified the desk clerk, but 3/4 of an hour later nothing had happened. We went downstairs to tell the clerk we needed some electric, so he got a ladder and switched the breaker above our door. His knowledge of London was limited and his Southeastern European accent sometimes a little difficult to understand; but on the whole his service was okay. The female clerk was quite different in tone. They kept oversize luggage that would not fit in room in the main lounge, but it seemed safe enough. This is an older place, heavily used by younger people, which seems appropriate. The price is about average for the accommodation, but there are better deals in Earl's Court and in London. We probably would not return, unless absolutely necessary.	
Aug 15 2007	miserable staff	generally the staffer at the desk was horribly miserable. the interior walls appear to have very little or no sound proofing, as we were able to hear much of what was going on in the adjacent room. the accommodations seemed pretty standard, very similar to other cheap earls court hotels. nothing fancy about this place. generally it's pretty shabby looking but they did keep it clean. the breakfast girl was always good in bringing us our tea but again there is nothing cheerful or chipper about the staff... very close to earls court tube station but earls court is a horrible place to stay unless you're a backpacker on a budget. it takes forever to pay for your tube fare. if you do stay here it's better to walk 8 minutes up to the kensington station. there was a good greek restaurant close to the henley called &quot;as greek as it gets&quot;. i highly recommend that place.. but the henley house, i probably wouldn't stay there again. not a total disaster, but not a happy time either.	
Aug 14 2007 	Loved This Charming Hotel	Our family of 5 stayed in two rooms (one double, one triple) which were very nice; they were bigger than I was expecting, having read the reviews on line. Hotel was very charming, nicely decorated, clean and a beautiful building. Excellent location, close to tube station and many different restaurants. The staff were quite professional and helpful. The breakfast room was very nice and bright and the breakfast was good. It was an excellent value for the money, we would highly recommend it to others. It was a very nice change from the large sterile hotels in North America, smaller rooms (and showers) yes, but dripping in character and charm.	
Aug 10 2007 	No problems with the Henley House	This was a fine hotel for the money, especially during the height of London's tourist season (July 16 to 20). Our double room with private bathroom (shower only) was a bit cramped, but it was nicely furnished, with a lovely view of a park-like setting just below . The location - two minutes from Earls Court tube station, just a few stops from Victoria - was pretty good. Continental breakfast was included and available from 7:30 to 9, in a lovely &quot;greenhouse&quot; type setting, and the server would make toast on request (and a full breakfast for a fee; we didn't bother). The elevator was cramped but it worked fine, and the hotel didn't seem at all crowded, except for one morning when we had to wait a few minutes for a table at breakfast. The staff were cool but correct. The only slightly odd thing was check-out: because the reception desk was closed from 11 PM until 7:30 AM, we had to &quot;settle the bill&quot; the day before in order to leave for the airport at 7. It might be a good idea for the hotel to consider round-the-clock staffing, especially when they're full.	
Aug 3 2007	BED BUGS in room #22!	My friends and I had two rooms; mine was infested with bed bugs, which I didn't discover until the following morning. I was relocated to a single the size of a closet, but at least it was bug free. Also, the review dated Jan 20, 2005 is spot on.	
Jul 14 2007 	really disappointing	I took my girlfriend here so we could spend the weekend going round the London art galleries and to the theatre. When I book I was promised a room over looking the squares park opposite. However, on arrival a very short in manners lady informed us in that our room was in the basement, and it felt like a basement, corridor floor littered with old pictures, fire-hydrants, tea trolleys etc. with the dingy room looking into a dirty well from the street above, hence the blinds were left down making the room even dingier. To say the least I was very disappointed in the clipped manners of both the evening and morning staff, the dinginess of the room, the TV that only had 5 very fuzzy channels, and most of all being mislead about the type of room we were going to have.	
Jul 8 2007 	excellent location	this hotel was in an excellent location. close to underground,but in a quiet area off the main bizz. on 2nd floor twin room. nice and clean good sized bathroom and balcony. lift was very small.breakfast was adequate with cooked breakfast at an additional price. would use this hotel again.	
Jun 19 2007 	Nice hotel and helpful staff	A nice hotel with excellent location just 2 mins from Earl's Court Tube Station. We were first given a room on lower ground floor which in itself was perfectly OK. However, it had been raining so the air inside was really damp and being in the basement is not very good for air rotation. It is also nice to be able to see the sky and the sun, and upon complaining we were given another room on the second floor. This was very nice and we even had the hotel's only balcony. Flat screen TV was installed in the latter room but it was not tuned in so all we could watch was &quot;war of the ants&quot;. Otherwise a very nice room and a very clean bathroom with a well functioning shower - not common in London! Breakfast was so-so, there was yoghurt and cereals, toast and marmalade and fruit juice. I would have loved some eggs and ham, anything to get something salty as a contrast to all the sugar. All in all a good place to stay and the staff was very kind and helpful. I would be happy to return.	
May 30 2007 	Good value	I stayed at henley for 2 nights in may. Got a very good deal. Location is good. Away from the main street, which means it is quiet. Lots of places to eat nearby and the tube station is very close.I booked a single room and got a pretty decent room. It was clean and comfortable though the mattress was a bit old. Turned out to be a good base to explore London. Would stay there again.	
May 25 2007 	Not so good	Elevators do not go to all levels, requiring stairs to be used. Also, the elevator is very snall. No ice was available. No shampoo was provided. The park across the street is nice to view, and the Earl's Court tube station is about two blocks away. By far the best thing about this hotel is its proximity (about three blocks) from the Bistro Benito, a small, family owned Italian restaurant which was more than outstanding. The spinach lasagna melts in your mouth. This restaurant is located about a block north of the tube station on the same side of the street.	
May 13 2007 	Nice cosy hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night as we were taking in a concert at Earls Court nearby. We found the hotel to be clean and tidy and the staff were pleasant. The prices were reasonable compared to some of the other ones we looked at in the area. The rooms were nicely decorated giving the impression that these were recently refurbished. The continental breakfast included with the price was as good as any we had had at other hotels in Europe. An English breakfast was available at an additional cost. We would certainly use this hotel again.	
May 10 2007 	Very good deal	I stayed in this hotel with my family last week during 4 days (from 4th to 8th May 2007). We were not sure to have done the good choice but it was definitely. The hotel is just 2 or 3 minutes by foot from the undergroung Earl's court. Henley house is just in front of the Barkston gardens that are very quite gardens and in a very quite street as well. There are numerous good restaurants not too expensive on Earl's court road (just near the hotel) as Strada (italian restaurant with very good pizza or pasta and well served), Masala zone (indian with thali speciality), Dragon king (chinese with take away service and huge portions that taste very good). At henley house people are very pleasant. The breakfast is served in a very clear area and really sufficient to start a good day (croissants, breads, toasts, jams, butter, cheese, corn flakes, fruits not fresh but good, orange and apple juice, milk, coffee, yogurts). You can have a full english breakfast if you prefer for only 3,80£ more. We had rooms number 23 and 24 on the gardens. Both are very clean and size was ok for London. Personaly, we keep this address because it is really good deal. Don't hesitate to go there.	
May 1 2007 	Great location so-so comfort	Stayed at the Henley House for 3 nights in April 2007. The hotel is located super close to Earl's Court tube, couldn't ask for better. Staff was friendly and accomodating. Hotel interior was slightly dingy and shabby, but immaculate. My single room was tiny, which was expected - for 3 nights all I wanted was a place to sleep and shower and the Henley House suited these needs. The room had some peeling wall paper and water stains, which I was happy to overlook for the price - however, the bed was horribly uncomfortable. Mattress was very worn, springs were literally sticking out and it made it hard to get a good night's sleep. I would have checked out and found another hotel if it wasn't for the cheap price and my short itinerary. Overall it was good for London and the price, but lesson learned is to pay a few extra bucks to ensure a good nights sleep. The hotel was acceptable, but I would not stay there again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Very reasonable place to stay in London	Our party of three just stayed 4 nights at the Henley House Hotel.We recommend this B&amp;B to others. The place is clean and well maintained.Located very near the Underground in Earls Court. Staff is friendly and helpful. Breakfasts are served in a pleasant solarium and are good. Price is most reasonable for such a nice and safe location in London. We would stay there again. Our visit went very smoothly, and the Henley House provided all that it promised.	
Feb 20 2007 	Very clean and safe	Henley House is very well located. It's hardly two minutes (walking distance) from the Earl's Court underground station, on Earl's Court Road. The rooms are a little small, but, hotel is very clean and very safe. It has central heating and 24 hours hot water.	
Feb 1 2007 	Loved it!	Due to the recommendations I read here, we decided to book this hotel for a 4 nights stay. It was lovely, nice, quiete, clean, safe, breakfast and roomsize was ok. The location is perfect! Best price/performance ratio I found online. We would definitly come back again!	
Dec 11 2006 	Great value London hotel	This hotel is considerably cheaper than many of the others in the area, but manages to balance value for money with good service, comfortable well equipped rooms, friendliness and good location. The hotel is very quiet, on a side street away from the bustle of Earl's Court, but only minutes form the tube station, shops, bars and restaurants. The buffet breakfast included in the price is more than adequate. The hotel staff responded very quickly and efficiently to email requests regarding the rooms we booked. I would certainly reccommend staying here to friends and family, and will be staying again on future trips to London.	
Sep 22 2006 	loved it	we stayed at this hotel as it was so close to earls court tube station (it is literally just around the corner.) There are numerous shops and places to eat within 5 minutes of the hotel, and i cannot state enough how well situated it is. the hotel itself was quiet, clean and the staff were nice and very helpful. breakfast is continental style. it's not the hilton, but it is excellent for a good weekend away in London!	
Sep 4 2006 	Quiet B	For travellers seeking a quiet, clean, convenient, and professionally managed hotel, the Henley House Hotel is an excellent choice. The location could not be more convenient. From the Earl's Court Underground stop, take the Earl's Court Road exit, and Henley House is less than a block away, around the corner on Barkston Gardens Road. An ample continental breakfast is included in the price. There was coffee, tea, hot chocolate, milk, orange juice, apple juice, freshly made toast, three types of bread, a selection of preserves, two cheeses, yogurt, and two types of cold cereal. If that weren't enough, a full English breakfast is available for a tiny add-on charge. The room and bath were spacious and comfortable by London standards. The front of the hotel looked out onto Barkston Gardens. The back of the hotel overlooked trees and back gardens. The room had a wardrobe, desk, and two chairs, and everything was very clean. The room could really have used a clock, but there was a CD player with speakers instead. The television worked, but the remote control did not. After sleeping in excellent Scandinavian beds the prior week, the bed at Henley House left a bit to be desired. As is typical for a B&amp;B, guests are provided with a key to the front door and a key to their room. The room could have used a deadbolt or chain to provide a better feeling of security. The hotel is run by a lovely and solicitous Polish family who will make you feel right at home.	
Jul 5 2006	Pleasant 	We had room 23, a twin room which I think might be the only one with a balcony which was nice given that we had lovely sunny days. Great views across to the gardens as well. Beds were comfortable and reasonable amoutn of space in the room and the bathroom.Would agree with the previous comments on the breakfast - the glass could do with a major clean as well. Also a facelift on the rooms wouldn't go astray as mentioned previously.We were in London for Wimbledon and the Earls Court location was great and only a short walk to the tube.Would stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Good Value for Money (By London Standards!)	We just spent a week at the Henley House.Positives:  - Very convenient to Earls Court Tube. - Good continental breakfast included in the room rate, served in a bright conservatory addition. - Price - we booked a double for 60 pounds per night (including VAT and breakfast). - Quiet - We had a room at the front of the building, facing the Barkston Gardens across the street. Despite being less than a block from Earls Court Road, there was little street noise. - Plenty of hot water for showersNegatives: - The place could use a bit of a facelift - A little paint, some new carpeting and new bedspreads would brighten things up. - Our room (#24) was small (but acceptable by London standards) - Breakfast could do with some fresh fruits - 7 days of looking at tinned fruit was a bit too much. Toss in a few bananas and apples.- Face cloths and bars of soap larger than Chiclets would be much appreciated.- Upon checkout, our credit card was billed in US$ at a so-so exchange rate rather than in pounds, which would have cost us a few extra $ if we hadn’t requested that the transaction be cancelled and reissued in pounds.	
Apr 18 2006	Good location facility and price	The Henley House Hotel is not the most glamorous on the block, in fact it is a bit hard to find being tucked between a Best Western and a larger independent hotel.It is close to the Earl's Court tube station, clean, reasonable, and has a lovely breakfast room and better than average continental breakfast.The TV worked, with the minimum local channels. The bathroom was big enough to turn around in and clean. Towels were fresh daily if you left the used ones on the floor. Beds were comfortable. Bed side lights were good. There was a CD player, although we hadn't brought any CDs and couldn't figure it out anyway.And there is a small elevator (2 people or 1 person and suitcases).The breakfast room is sunny and bright, with cereals, rolls, crackers, cheese, yogurt (unless they run out), fruit, juice and brewed coffee. It is a bit small -- don't try for the same time that the group from Germany is leaving.Look for Internet rates. We were able to stay for less than $100 per day. Good value for the money.	
Apr 17 2006	OK for a night	For the price I paid (49 GBP for 1 night), it was reasonable. Clean, but definitely dated (like the other reviews said, new wallpaper, carpet, and bedspreads would really improve the experience). Good bathroom, OK continental breakfast (bread and cheese, toast &amp; jelly, yogurt, tea/coffee). I had a great experience with the evening staff - she was very friendly, had the luggage I left a couple of days earlier out and ready for me, and was fun to chat with. My only real complaint was that I asked the front desk for a taxi to Victoria Station upon checkout. They sent a private car that charged 14 pounds, which I think is ridiculous for that length of trip. Otherwise, I got what I paid for.	
Feb 20 2006	Ideal location and a bargain	Stayed here just last week and thought it was ideally placed (a two minute walk from the Tube) and a real bargain. Lovely views, decent sized rooms and friendly staff also added to the expereince. My only gripe - and it's a minor one - is the rather awful piped Muzak they play in the reception and breakfast areas. I much prefer Radio 4 in the mornings!!	
Jul 27 2005 	Excellent	A lovely, very quiet ( well, OK, you can hear Tube trains in the distance if your window is open, but very faintly ) hotel. A nice welcome, a very clean and well-appointed room ( CD player !! ) a very comfortable bed and a substantial continental breakfast with papers to read.All in all, a very pleasant experience, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for good accommodation at a very reasonable price	
Jun 1 2005	Loved this London hotel!	My mom and I stayed in this hotel on our last night in London. Because we only booked it in the same afternoon for a stay that evening, I guess there were no rooms available since we were given the &quot;basement&quot; room right next to stairs that lead to the entrance! We were so tired anyways so we didn't really bother with the view outside the window.Anyways, location of the hotel was superb -- 3 minute-walk to the tube (Earl's Court) and the area was quite safe and quiet. The room was large and roomy, the bathroom/toilet a bit tiny but clean, the furnishings ok and the beds confortable too! The staff were warm and friendly as well.Complimentary buffet breakfast was served till 9 am, I guess. Basic stuff like cereals, toast, coffee/tea, etc. but it was good. We missed the bacon, beans and eggs that we had in the other hotel though!Overall, the experience was good and we'd love to stay here again!	
May 31 2005	Not bad for the price and Location		
Mar 26 2005	Lovely charming hotel at low price !		
Jan 20 2005	Disappointing		
Jan 19 2005	Cute place staff okay		
Jun 22 2004	Great Little Hotel		
Apr 9 2004	rather disapointed		
Dec 28 2003	New Management?		
Apr 16 2003	Charming!		
Dec 29 2002	Wonderful Staff/Darling Hotel		
Nov 11 2002	Cute Little Hotel		
Oct 5 2009 	Gutes Hotel für Kurztrip empfehlenswert!		
Feb 9 2009 	???????????????		
Aug 21 2008 	Può esserci di meglio		
Feb 27 2008 	Carino vicinissimo alla metro e soprattutto pulito		
Sep 28 2007 	Fantastico piccolo hotel		
Feb 21 2007 	Ottimo hotel pulito ed economico in centro a Londra		
