Nov 14 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	This place is not a hotel, it is a hostel for students and foreign travellers. Had to pay £10 extra per night for an ensuite. Room was very small, mattress stained, could feel every spring, sheets did not fit bed, cover was torn, wires on floor, nails under carpet in doorways were exposed, window was single-glazed and cracked, bathroom had no window and smelled strongly of bleach due to no ventilation, both taps had blue tops, shower sprayed water in all directions, plug did not fit plug hole, toilet seat didn't fit. Breakfast was awful and a set 'menu' - glass of strong squash, bowl of cornflakes, glass of milk (?) and toast. Staff were all foreign and didn't understand much, were uncourteous and unfriendly. Have stayed at far, far better places for the same money. I would never return to this place.	
Nov 12 2009 	Disgusting!	This is the worst place I have ever seen! Dirty, smelly just down right disgusting! How could this hotel even be allowed to take bookings?? Carpets, curtains looks like they have never been cleaned - ever! We ended up going out &amp; only returning really late so we didnt have to sleep much in the room, we slept with all our clothes on to keep warm as we're to afraid to use the bedding! Walk into reception and hit with a bad smell. The 'shower room' has taps &amp; a place to stand in for a shower but NO SHOWER! Just a toilet &amp; basin * certainly no bath as their pictures show.We didnt bother with breakfast just needed to get out of there. DO NOT BOOK/STAY HERE, u will waste your money &amp; they will not refund you.	
Nov 1 2009 	Cheap but a real dump **AVOID***	I needed a cheap hotel near Gloucester Road for one night so was not bothered , I thought it couldn't be that bad , how wrong I was .Firstly my double room didn't have an en-suite which it didn't mention in the booking I printed out , I was informed the room was on the 2nd floor and the nearest working shower on the 3rd . I complained and was finally given a single with an ensuite.The room was tiny , the bed was old and knackered , the bathroom window didn't fully close or lock and was overlooked by scaffolding as was the main window which didn't have a curtain , I decided to not leave any valuables in the room.The bathroom was disgusting , there was stale urine in the bowl and the mirror was a badly rusted metal un- reflective plate. There was no wardrobe to hang anything there was some hangers on the wall mounted TV bracket for that use I left as soon as I could the next morning , I declined the free breakfast as didn't want to risk an illnessFinally the hotel appears to be used by students and loads of noise and door banging My advice even if looking for a cheap deal, not worth it AVOID	
Oct 30 2009 	MR Peppers class	when I was going to check in i was stopped by a drunken little manger with a torn black suit and breath stank like rotten fish. once he started to talk I could not bear the smell so I turned my head.when I entered the room it stank so bad I nearly blacked out. I fell on the ground backwards and when I fell loads of little particles of dust rose up off the carpet . in the room it had a dirty duvet with no bed just the mattress on the floor and also had no bed sheets.the hotel also had no lift so I had to walk up all the stairs with my luggage until I reached the 2 floor with no insistence I was lost in now where land because there was only one room in the whole floor.If I was a health and safety manager I will close it down with no questions askedi have been to more than 100 hotels this year and 400 hotels altogether and I have never come across this sort of hotel. luckily I booked the hotel for a day	
Sep 24 2009 	The most awful hotel I have ever stayed in.	Even for a budget priced hotel this was terrible, the beds were awful I could feel every spring.The plumbing left a lot to be desired with a rusty radiator hanging off the wall, you could only flush the toilet periodically, no main light in the room tv didn;t work, and as for the continental breakfast it would be laughable if it wasn't so awful. The only good things were the sheets were clean and the tea was ok.	
Sep 1 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever!	I would not even classify this hotel as suitable hostel accomodation. Room was filthy. Didnt feel comofrtable there at all. Stayed there due to the location and rate. Was booked last minute and didnt get a chance to check out the reviews. Assumed it couldnt be that bad considering it is in a nice area of London. The bed sheets were stained, the chair in the room was covered in mould and the doona (duvet) was soiled. I dont know the last time it was washed. Didnt even bother with breakfast there. Was tempted to not stay there at all upon checking in, luckily it was only for 1 night. This place needs to clean up its act if they expect to get anymore business.	
Aug 31 2009 	Stay at your own Peril.	Booked into this hotel for a short midweek break, taking our two boys aged 8, and 10. The booking was made online though a hotel room booking website. Was horrified at the state of the place upon arrival. Insted on cancelling booking and arranged to stay else where.	
Aug 2 2009 	Do they call this a hotel? It was terrible...	I travel a lot and I have never had problems with the hotels I have stayed. This was the first time. First of all, the place had nothing to do with the photos I have seen ad the internet. The rooms were small and ditry. The breakfast was nothing special. In a word, the worst hotel ever.	
Jul 31 2009 	Do Not Stay At This Hotel	It is absolutely disgusting, I have never seen a place so filthy. I didn't even spend the night and found another hotel on the spot.Everything about this hotel is awful and they know it but won't do anything about it. Only good thing is that when I asked for a refund they gave it to me right away telling me in very poor English that this is the cheap hotel they have another one that's nice!!!The rooms are carpeted, even around the sink. There's mold everywhere. They don't even bother using a vacuum cleaner. The shared bathroom is bleached but not clean because of it. They just clean the sink, the floor is dirty, the shower is dirty.I don't ask for much and I wasn't expecting a palace for this price, but there is a serious limit. Can't believe this hotel exist and am in the process of reporting it to health and safety.Their so called business center is the reception area with 2 couches. There's free internet access, but not high speed and only in the reception area (with no tables).They serve breakfast, I can't begin to imagine how terrible that must be.If you need a cheap accommodation try booking a room at a hostel, at the university (www.londonuniversityroom.co.uk, approximately 40 pounds a night and right in central London) or sign up on couch surfer. That's definitely what I'll be doing next time.	
Jul 20 2009 	worst hotel i've stayed at EVER!!!!	On arrival we were given a room which we were told was on the 4th floor. We travelled up in the a horrific lift to the floor, then spent ten minutes trying to find the room and eventually found it on the stairs halfway between floors 3 and 4. The room had two different curtains covering the windows one of which was hanging off and the other of which only covered haf the window. There was a large hole in the ceiling as well as several dotted around the room. The tv in the room did not work as there was broken wiring coming out it and the carpets didn't cover the floor. There was dirt and dust covering the walls and fixtures, the bathroom was of much the same standard. I find it unbelivable how they would think it acceptable to put a paying guest in a room of this quality. I complained and was given a slightly improved room. When i went down for breakfast in the morning on my own as my girlfriend couldn't stomach eating there, I had to wait 15 minutes in a quiet peroid to be provided with scappy cornflakes and a few slices of non toasted bread. It was hard not to let the experience spoil our trip. I Would not reccomend this hotel to anyone no matter how small their budget.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fawlty Towers at its worst	The first room I was allocated was a room in the basement. It was dirty with a hole in the bathroom ceiling, the furniture was damaged and there were vermin bait boxws on the floor, for security purposes I was told. The stairs to the basement were hazardous. At my request I was moved to a room on the 5th floor which was slightly cleaner and the windows opened. The carpets were threadbare and the television had no remote and no instructions. It did work after I mended the ariel myself although the 'handyman' did arrive after about 2 hours. The shower was good enough to wash with although had to run for 10 minutes to get hot water. The towels were very small and covered in stains. The bed was extremely uncomfortable with the springs leaving marks on my skin and I am not thin! The breakfast was awful and the waitress appared to speak very little English and had an overpowering smell of cigarette smoke. The reception staff were relatively pleasant although on the telephone most of the time speaking in a foreign language. There was an excellent Indian restaurant opposite where I was ablr to get an evening meal. I would return to the area but not the hotel and would recommend a visit from the environmental health department.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great location and low price	We stayed in Cromwell Crown last September, actually it was the worst hotel /hostel we stayed in. It was dirty (reconstruction needed), rooms were to small with dirty linens and something what recognise a cover we rather put away. That would not be the worst but the bartroom was- dirty, smelly and shower bath was still cluttered with hair and who know what else...It is true the location was perfect but If you bear on mind that the tube system is really wide, there is no problem to get into the center from everywhere in half an hour or less.Breakfast was quite fine, toast with orange marmelade daily...To sum up- this hotel is for travellers with really low budget. Who want to expolre the city from early morning to late evening :-)	
Jun 6 2009 	It's could be a lot worse for the price	I stayed for 4 nights while working locally. To get a single room in London for £30, albeit without private facilities, is very cheap - a hostel would be the only other option at this price in central London. Don't stay here if you want luxury, or even a particularly pleasant place to stay - be realistic and pay the price for that. But if you want somewhere cheap and in a good location, then it's fine. The room was basic, but the sheets and towel were clean, there was a washbasin and TV in the room and toilet/shower down the corridor - very old and tatty with a horrible shower curtain. The breakfast was cornflakes, toast, tea or coffee and lemon squash. I think (I didn't risk it). The staff were pleasant and efficient. There's a lot of traffic noise in the front rooms as it's right on Cromwell Road.	
May 18 2009 	Disgusting Dump	The pictures they show are false advertising. The rooms look nothing like the photos and the outside of the building is filthy. This place is a disgusting dump. Cleary the hotels in Britain are never checked for standards as this one should no longer be in business.Place is shoddy, has not been maintained for years and a definate NO NO for other travellers.Beds are so old, you bascially sleep on bed springs. The pillows are so old and flat they need not bother to put pillows on the beds. The carpets are probably 30 years old and have never has a proper clean. Bathrooms are shoddy, no air vents. The dustbin in the bathroom was battered and rusty.The breakfast is erved by an abrupt foreigner who hardly give you a chance to eat or drink your tea before whipping the dishes off the table. Clearly got the message to eat and get out! That is exactly what we did.	
May 12 2009 	What a DUMP!!!!	This hotel has to be the worst I have ever stayed in, I cannot understand why this place is allowed to be open!!I was staying with 3 friends so we decided to book a room for 4, when we booked we requested a room with 2 singles and 1 double with an ensuite. We got to our room we were shocked to say the least, for a start there were 4 bunkbeds - not what we had asked for and the room was just awful - dirty, filthy walls with large holes next to where you are meant to sleep, curtains (if you could call them that) broken and hanging down from the rail, not to mention the pile of about 7 old tvs just dumped in the corner of the room!! We then asked to me moved and were given a room on the top floor which in comparison was better but again the walls were dirty and written on by previous guests, the bed linen was dirty and pillows covered in hairs (not ours!!) curtains were ripped and hanging off, window didn't open properly, I could go on!!! Luckily as we were going out for the evening we didn't have to spend much time in there!Basically it was horrible and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone!!	
May 12 2009 	STAY HERE AT YOUR PERIL!!!!	We organised a night out in town for a friends Birthday and wanted somewhere clean and basic to stay for 1 night, considering we wouldnt be spending that long in the room!. Unaware of the horrors that awaited us we arrived just in time to book in and get changed for our evening out. On arrival there was a collective gasp as we realised that even from the outside it wasnt going to be pretty!. The windows clearly (or not as the case was) only relyed on Gods intervention. Reception was very dated and the carpet was so encrusted with street grime it was actually shiny. The first room we were offered was on the ground floor. It comprised of 4 sets of bunk beds that I assume came from the local prison all of which had an array of different bedspreads. In the left corner was what we named &quot;The TV Graveyard&quot;...A pile of old Ferguson televisons stacked precariously with a covering of dust. The curtains were held up with 3 hooks each creating an effective loop pattern at the top. We didnt venture into the Bathroom and left to request another room. The second room was packed with 3 double beds again in the same eclectic bed coverings. There was actually dirty fingerprints and writing on the walls, ironically somene had written &quot; what a lovely clean hotel...NOT, hope you enjoy you stay&quot;. We consumed large amounts of alcohol and stayed out that evening as long as possible to in order to limit the risk. Needless to say we fled as soon as we could and never contemplated the breakfast!The list is endless and I could go on but by now im sure you've already decided that staying here is not an option if you value your health, phsyical and mental!Do not stay in this Hammer House of Horrors!... even if you are on a budget!. We lived to tell the tale but you may not be so lucky!...	
May 12 2009 	Horrible! Don't Stay here!	I stayed there for one night with 3 other friends as a place to stay after a night out in Kensington. We walked into to shabby reception and really werent impressed. We didnt expect anything amazing as it was so cheap, but something that was at least given a lick of paint in the past 20 years, may have been nice! We were given our first room on the ground floor, next to a fire door that didnt even shut and opened up onto the street. Inside the room there were 4 bunk beds, 5 tvs stacked up, dirty matresses and curtains that didnt pull so we could be seen from the street. It had writing all over the walls and was basically just run down and a horrible little room. We asked to be moved to another room and were first offered the basement room but refused that, as it wouldve felt like a dungeon! Instead we got the top floor. In a way it was good we saw the first room, because it made this room look half decent! but it wasnt! once again there was writing on the walls, people had played naughts and crosses! there were 3 double beds, although one was actually 2 singles pushed together. Once again the curtains were grubby and didnt work. Altho we had breakfast included, we didnt want to eat there. The rooms were that run down and nasty and we could see, imagine what the kitchen would be like with us not being able to see it! In the morning we were up and out sharpish and just to top of the stay, mousetraps had been placed in the corridors when were leaving in the morning!	
May 12 2009 	OMG - Can't believe I actually spent the night here!!!	Booked this hotel on-line as it looked cheap and cheerful! Only wanted a hotel so we could get changed for a night out after work and all 4 girls not have to go home alone in taxi's!Sooooo shouldn't have booked it! The pictures are quite obviously FAKE! Must have been taken when the hotel first opened or are of another better quality hotel! The first room we were offered was on the ground floor......walked in to see 4 lots of bunk beds, 5 TV's piled in the corner and curtains that were hanging off of the rail and didn't even close! We then went to reception and asked for another room! We got a room on the 5th floor this time - this had 3 double beds - one which looked like it was going to split down the middle! The bathroom was clean and so were the towels and bedsheets! The plug socket looked very dangerous! Writing on the wall (comments about how bad the hotel is) The curtains didn't close (but wasn't too bad as we were high up so no-one couldn't really look in)! Best thing about the room was it had a full length mirror!!! In the morning we didn't dare to go down for breakfast (I cannot imagine what the kitchen must have looked like)! On our way down stairs we saw mouse traps which I am so glad we didn't notice on the way to the room!All in all an awful hotel that really shouldn't be trading! I cannot believe they expect people to pay to stay here!!! We didn't pay a lot but still didn't expect these kind of standards! The travelodge is only £50 a night when you book inadvance which isn't far off what this hotel (if you can call it that) charges!!!!! I mean the travelodge seems pure luxury to this hotel!	
May 9 2009 	It's just fine.	Far better than the other reviews suggest. Rooms are size of narrow dorm single. Private bath (shower) similar. Clean, no bugs at all. Carpet is old. Staff (lobby, breakfast) is friendly, competent. Breakfast is just cereal, toast with the works, drinks. Excellent location, Sainsbury's supermarket 2 minute walk. 2 excellent restaurants across the street. Walk to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Museum of Natural History. Wifi in lobby.London hotels cost more than those in US and in towns, but less than Amsterdam's.	
Apr 2 2009 	Do not stay here!!!I'm Begging you...	I reserved this hotel for 5 nights online because it was the cheapest one available. When I got there the lobby was disgusting. It had a &quot;no smoking&quot; sign, but the place stunk of smoke. After she made me pay upfront for the five night stay (which i though was off) I struggled to get my two pieces of luggage in the elevator, which seemed to be made to hold only one person. The elevator doors didn't even close properly. I find my room and it's the size of a closet. the beds were half of a twin sized bed. The sheets and pillow covers were nasty and dirty. They use wooden window, and the wood was chipping off so I got a splinter in my hand. I thought I could stay there until i realized there was NO BATHROOM in the room. There's a community bathroom across the hall. I've never shared a bathroom with people I don't know and I wasn't going to start then. When i reserved the room, it never said that a basic room does not come with a bathroom or else I wouldn't have booked it.I got my stuff, went back down the elevator (if that's what you want to call it) and canceled my reservation. i was charged one night stay but i didn't care. If I'm going to be on vacation, i need to be comfortable and happy where I'm at. There are many other hotels in the area, (Holiday inn, Marriott, etc), that are much better. I stayed a block away at the Park International Hotel, which was very nice. I don't understand how the people who work there could sell these rooms to others. They wouldn't even stay in that hotel, and they work there!!!I know it's affordable but you will have to sleep in filth, so pay the extra $10 and find a better hotel.If you're a student, stay at a hostel, they are nicer, cleaner, and affordableLike my mother always said, &quot;Cheap things are no good, Good things are not cheap&quot;	
Mar 1 2009 	What a dump! I'll never forget the rotten orange mattress I had to sleep on!	Nothing prepares you for the true horror of the Cromwell 'Crown', quite possibly the worst 'hotel' that hasn't be condemned by the authorities. This place re-defied nasty with its filthy rooms and rotten odour. We stayed there as we had a flight to Chicago the next morning and we needed somewhere cheap. Big mistake!When we got there they claimed the card machine didn't work and insisted we paid by cash, even though we'd booked online! They did refund us eventually a few weeks later. The mattress on the bed was the vilest shade of orange, obviously as a result of decades of sweat and grime! It smelt smoky and damp, and was in an abhorrent state, although thankfully I was so tired I did manage to sleep. We weren't lucky enough to get an en-suite room so we had to use the shared bathroom which was an experience I will never repeat! It was so small I think even a small child would've struggled to get in there, and the doors in this place didn't close properly so they had to be slammed shut - so pleasant! The dreadful guests next door kept giving us dirty looks; I think they were living there! We did not stay for breakfast or leave the room for more than an hour in case we got robbed! It was so hot and disgusting; I don't even like remembering it. My only advice is to spend the extra money and never, ever, no matter how hard up you are, stay at the Cromwell - the place should be thoroughly inspected by the environmental health, and shut down!	
Feb 27 2009 	Awful awful awful - thought Jack Nicholason was going to burst through the door	I too stayed in this hotel last year as a cheap option for our stay in London. When we walked in I want too bothered about the general appearance, as normally as long as I can get my head down for the night I am happy!! Well, when we found our room, we discovered about a 10 inch gap in the floor boards looking down into the next room. The sink was stained and looked like people used it as a toilet. Speaking of toilets- it looked like the room out of Saw!! There was a nasty stain on the ceiling which looked like blood had pooled from the room above and the door creaked like something out of a horro movie- I made my fiancee come with me for a pee! We spent as much time out of the room as possible and when we returned to get a nights sleep, we slept on top of the covers in our clothes, so we didnt contract a nasty disease!! We survived the night without 'Jonny' paying us a visit, but were woken up at 7am buy the loudest banging ever!! Workmen had picked up where they left off in demolishing the floor below us, of which we could see, due to the large gap. Suffice it to say, we didnt stay for our continental breakfast, but pegged it as fast as we could out of there. Me and my Fiancee NEVER miss breakfast, but I think we would have taken our lives in our hands eating any food prepared at that place!! It should be shut down by environmetal health!!!	
Feb 26 2009	Awful that's it	3 years passed...but reading other reviews it seems to me I was there yesterday...nothing has been improved since then...If I were in charge I would feel ashamed.	
Feb 26 2009 	Oh my God!! The UK Goverment needs to inspect it!	My god, the place is a dump!. God knows what goes on behind the scenes!. Don't stay there you will probably leave with somthing you did not arrive with!. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? I would not recommend it to my enemy! it really is that bad.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good location - truly awful hovel.	As a self-employed businessman, I stay in value hotels in this part of London a fair bit. This is the worst I have ever experienced.The first room I was offered contained a sink overflowing with vomit. I asked to change, and was offered a room which, blissfully, was mostly free of human fluids, But it did have 'clean me' written in finger-writing in the grime on the wall. It looked like it had not been decorated in 30 years, and stunk of smoke (a 'no smoking' room).This is the dirtiest hotel I have ever seen. The location is very good - especially if you don't know London well, and are interested in visiting Hyde Park, the Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Palace, the Natural History Museum, the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum or the West End. It is 200 or 300 yards/metres from Gloucester Road station on the Piccadilly Line. And the staff are nice enough. But it is just horrible.The hotel also offers very cheap deals - I paid £25 for a single for one night (if you are charged more than this, walk out - there are better hotels within 100 or 200 yards that charge no more than £30). But if value is what you are looking for - try one of the many hostels in central London. Just don't stay here.	
Jan 31 2009 	the most advisable cheap option for central london	I would advise this hotel to all those who wish to stay in central london not pretending spacious accomodation.Friendly 24 hours reception, wi-fi and wide breakfast room.	
Jan 28 2009 	Nothing to say but terrible!!!	The worst shower / bathroom I have ever seen, and the staff was nothing else but rude!	
Nov 27 2008 	NEVER EVER STAY HERE	I needed to stay 1 night in London for an audition I had the following morning. I booked this hotel about a week in advance via activehotels.comWhen I got off the tube at gloucester road I began to make my way towards the hotel, passing many other hotels on the way that all looked great. I really thought I'd done well, as I'd only paid £27 for a singe en-suite room.When I got outside the hotel I began to think &quot;oh my god&quot;. The actuall sign for the hotel appears to be rotting. When I went into the reception, I was immediately hit by the smell of vomit. Also the the building seemed to be in a very bad state of repair, wall paper peeling off, filthy carpet etc. I then had to pay the £27 again! I was staying on the 5th floor, the lift (which looked like it was going to break at anyminute) took me to the 4th floor. The lift was also very disgusting, black floor (black as in dirt) and walls. When I got out of the list the corridors were also horrible, great chunks of walls and doors missing. Everything very dirty etc. I then opened the door to the stairs, where I found a very rough looking woman lying down across the stairs smoking a cigarette!When I got to my room I was appalled. It stank of vomit and smoke. The carpets were dirty (very dirty), all the walls were very dirty and the curtains were just horrible. Outside my window was the roof, looking out of the window I could see a syringe. Nice! My bedding had what appeared to be a large blood stain on it. Only 1 pillow. The bathroom floor tyles were all chipped and cracked. In the morning I discovered that my basin didn't even work and my shower only had a little trickle, I had to wait about 20mins just for some warm trickle! I didn't sleep well, the walls were so thin I could hear next doors occupant snoring as if he/she/it was in my room.Lots of very strange people staying in the hotel, the types you wouldn't like to meet in a dark corner alone! Most seemed like they were from a lunatic assylum, probably what staying more than 1 night in that place does to you.I couldn't bring myself to go for the breakfast, probably managed to spare myself ecoli or salmanela. (apologies for the poor spelling!) I got out as quickly as I could the that morning. My skin is still crawling from the memory of that vile place.This is definately not a hotel, it is a very very very dodgy hostel full of very dodgy people. This place should be knocked down. Please don't stay here! I can't bear to think of anyone staying here. Don't make the terrible mistake I did!	
Nov 16 2008 	DONT STAY HERE - EVEN IF YOU GET PAID FOR IT!!!!!	It was the worst hotel Ive ever stayed at! It doesnt even deserve the title hotel, its a BAD hostel! 10 rooms at each floor, with ONE shower and ONE toilets to share for us all!!! Everything was dirty, the toilet, shower, walls, floor... It was old and poor. We had ordered a tripleroom, but we had to switch rooms 3 times before they got us the right one. The breakfast was a joke. One plate of Corn Flakes, warm milk, a cup of coffee and a slice of toast?? Thats supposed to be the breakfast of a 2* hotel??? I wouldnt go back here even if I got paid good money for it, no way. The location was good, but by far not good enough to stand the crappy standard of this &quot;hotel&quot;. The staff spoke very poor english and seemed not interested in the gusts at all.So - DONT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 4 2008 	Hell on earth is a compliment	This was possibly the worst experience I have ever had at an hotel! My friend booked us a night on their website as it was only a few tube stops away from Olympia (The Yoga Show) and we were looking for reasonably priced accommodation. From the first moment of entering the reception we were regretting our booking! It looked more like a brothel than a hotel. Money was demanded up front before you could even see your room. The carpet in the hall ways hadn't seen a vacuum cleaner for about 20 years which added to the dirty smell in the air. We got stuck in the lift on our way to our room, sounded the alarm but no-one gave a toss or came to help us, luckily it moved again! Our room was just a disgrace. The base of one of the single beds looked like either somone had spilt their dinner on it or worse. The curtains were hanging off the pole. The bathroom was vile, stains all in the bath. There was dirty underwear out side the window on a ledge, and the bed springs were sticking out of the mattress which really could have caused an injury if you slept on them. After a &quot;discussion&quot; with the unfriendly, unhelpful, non english speaking staff, we were given the key to another room but on entering, realised it was even more disgusting!! Strange slightly mental looking people wandering up and down the corridors - it was a wonder I got a minutes sleep! EVEN IF YOU'RE DESPERATE, DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Oct 29 2008	Never stay at this "hotel". It is horrific ...	We booked this hotel via Lastminute.com. It was advertised as a 2* hotel. Having further investigated what you would expect from a 2* hotel this place was worlds away from that. We arrived at reception and as other reviews have stated, the staff barely spoke english. Having already booked and paid in full via Lastminute, the staff initially requested payment again. Eventually they gave us our keys and we went to our room. We entered the room, to find that 2 of the three windows were covered with ripped sheets (not curtains), the other had curtains that did not meet. We had a family room, which consisted of 2 single and one double bed. The beds were in a very poor state of repair and the bedding looked very grotty. The bathroom was very dirty. Tiles were broken or missing throughout. The floor, bath, sink &amp; toilet were filthy and to top everything there was a can of beer on one corner of the bath!! Dispite having prepaid for this room, there was no way that we (my husband, and 2 children and I) could possibly sleep in this room, our skin was crawling simply walking in and looking at the facilities. We were lucky enough to find alternative accomodation down the road, but would have happily travelled home late at night rather than actually trying to sleep in this room. I too, am disgusted that this standard of accomodation can be provided in London, and promoted by booking agents. I am so sorry for the families that have not had the opportunity to go elsewhere and have had to spend their holiday in this dire accommodation.	
Oct 10 2008 	Ever been meslead?	Ok to start off with, I booked online to get a good rate. Throw that out the window. They DO NOT accept online booking other than reserving rooms. You still have to pay at the hotel. Then in the listings it never states that the WC is shared. Oh my, I have had better experiences and bathrooms at a campground. A double room consists of 3 twin mattresses lined up in a row. Very meager accomidations. This hotel is a good deal if you are traveling alone or if you want that hostel feel vacation. But I DO NOT reccommend this hotel for any couples. Staff is as unhelpful as possible and your towels get changed maybe every 3 days. STAY AWAY!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Worse than the cheap hotels in Asia	If it was possible to give the hotel a lower grade we would have.The first impression of the hotel was really bad and it did not get better throughout the stay. The receptionist couldn't care less about the guests cheking in. Could barely speak english.When we saw our room, it did not have any bathroom. The shared bathroom had mildew on the ceiling, cockroaches crawling on the walls, water on the entire floor. And on the last day of our stay, water began to come through the ceiling from the 3rd floor. Our room was very small with three mirrors, maybe an attempt to cheat us in believing that the room was much bigger!! It did not look like any of the pictures we saw when we booked the hotel on the internet. Futhermore, the bed was really awful, it felt like sleeping on rocks. in fact, we would have slept better if we had slept on rocks instead.The breakfast could perhaps in some continents be describe as eadable. We are just glad we didn't order anyt dinner at the hotel. The &quot;restaurant&quot; did not open at the promised times.Please see some of our pictures from the hotel!!	
Oct 1 2008 	Find somewhere else	The hotel was very dirty and extremely rundown, there was a plastic pipe that went through the middle of the room at ankle height and newspaper stuffed into the wall at one end where the pipe went into the wall. I found a bed bug in my bed and quilt had stains on it!The bathroom and toilet were shared and not very clean.The staff told me the wrong information about trying to use the phone and were not very helpful, one man I encountered on the desk didn't speak much english and couldn't really help me.The breakfast room was not opened on time, under my breakfast table was a whole lot of spilt sugar on the ground that nobody had cleaned up. The breakfast was mediocre, especially the watered down powdered orange drink.It is well overpriced, I had paid 15 pounds less to stay at a much better place previously.Find somewhere else.	
Sep 29 2008 	What an absolute dive!!!	I urge anyone that wants a clean luxurious hotel with high quality fixtures and fittings to stay well clear of this place. I wouldn't even book my worst enemy into this hole.We had 4 rooms; Room 1 - Mildew on the ceiling in bathroom, no plug in the bath, bed sheets fastened up with drawing pins (meant to be curtains) and a door handle that comes off in your hand. Room 2 - A family room with 5 sets of bunk beds reminded me of a concentration camp. With one bed across an open fire place, a pile of 7 old tvs in the corner. Room 3 - in the basement and so damp it is untrue anyone with slight chest problems could become very ill. Room 4 - more of a cell than a hotel room. The common areas were filthy some lovely original features which probably are hard to clean have just been left to rot. Places like this should be shut down any family arriving here for a weeks holiday from abroad would have a really bad impression of our fantastic capital city. The owners should hang their heads in shame. STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS	
Sep 25 2008 	Dont stay here!!	we stayed in this hotel two nights ago. booked because of its location. its very close to tube stop and about £4 pounds to royal albert hall and museums. this is seriously the only good thing.bad points:1) Reception couldn't speak english. Paper based reservations system2) scruffy dirty carpet 3) Room in basement. directly outside out window was the staffs smoking area! not great4) cockroach in bathroom5) now this is purely cosmetic but none of the bedlinen matched. although it did appear to be clean5)CArpets were awful. 6) Breakfast- served by a moody girl who thought that 2 pieces of toast was enough for 4 people and barked at me when more was requested7) Fire alarm went off in the night for about 30 seconds for around 10 minutes8) bed i was on was broken and as soon as i moved it would shake for 5 minutes9) recepionist when i left again couldnt care less. i asked if there was a comments or feedback book as i would prefer to give it directly to them but he said no. when i asked him re the fire alarm he said he didnt know. but it was probably a false alarm!now this place wasnt expensive at £80 a room but it wasnt cheap so i would reccommend getting somewhere else. i hve stopped in some hostels and hotels in my time but this hotel was just in need of a big makeover.	
Sep 14 2008 	s****** hotel Ive ever stayed in	I stayed here just this weekend and it was obvious right from the start that it was gonna be s***... the board outside had 2 pieces of dead ivy leaves in the box displaying pictures of the hotel that were curling over and blue tinted obviously from the ivy leaves. Then when we went into the reception area, the internet point wasn't working, the carpet was torn at the edges and the place was utterly filled with dust. The staff were all friendly directing us to the right place and letting us leave our bags early so we didn't have to trek them around with us. Then when we came back to get changed for a party we were going to that night we walked past the shared shower and toilet but 'thankfully' we didn't have to use it as we had an 'ensuite'. it was definitely smaller than my room and my room is exactly 6 foot by 6 foot. There was a bath (with a nice lot of someone elses hair in it) and shower with the oldest style shower head on it ever with the mankiest shower curtain ever i refused to use the shower curtain as when i sprayed a bit of water on it loads of black stuff came off it. The toilet was fine but there was no toilet rolll holder just the outside of it and the whole place was really manky and unclean. There was lino which was bubbling up everywhere (also strangely enough going up the walls) and there was a massive air filter or something sticking out of the peeling away lino which obviously didn't work as the bit on the top had no cord to pull to make it switch on.There was no towel rail just a whole load of coat hangers on the shower curtain rail and a small radiator. the sink had a nice lot of hairs in it still and a layer of dirt around the edge. and there was a mirror which my bf found impossible to shave in because it steamed up every time he looked in it. the main room was a tiny bit bigger than the bathroom to fit in a double bed which had to be pushed against the wall to allow room for the door to open and to get into the bathroom.The actual mattress was quite comfy but there was just 2 very thin pillows no options of an extra pillow which both me and my boyfriend quite like. There was 2 towels which to be fair looked quite clean with 2 little soaps on it (the grand range of toiletries) a desk a wardrobe and a massive TV with no remote and with all the channels on the wrong side channel 4 was on side 1 2,3 and 4 were empty then BBC 2 was on 5, ITV was on 9 and channel 5 was on side 13 Just in case anyone is in that room, then there was a lovely frosted wndow out onto a flat roof, a wall and some scaffolding and to prove just how much they trust their customers there was a sign on the door sayign that the hotel does not hold responsibility for anything stolen whilst people stay at the hotel in their room or not... obvious by the single glassed window with metal frames... very easy to break and open from inside there was no form of lock on them.To Sum Up:Dirty, Tiny, grotty, lots of hairs, only redeeming factor was the staff but they were obviously all workers from abroad and there was a sign looking for cleaners and a receptionist outside. Both me and my boyfriend said that if we were staying here any longer than 1 night we would've moved hotels. the pictures are completely not same as on the website.	
Aug 14 2008 	Dirty and lousy	Maybe the lousiest and dirtiest place I've ever seen...When I arrived I realized the shared bathroom door at the second floor was broken, I saide I wanted it fixed, they told me it would be fixed in an hour...well, I left a week later, but the door was still broken...Well, no matter if you are at the 2nd floor and shared bathroom has a broken door, you can have a shower or squat at the 3rd floor...Take care!! The pictures you see aren't the real rooms of the Cromwell Crown hotel...they are cheating	
Jul 28 2008 	WOULDN'T STAY AGAIN IF THEY WERE PAYING ME TO!	Absolutely disgusting on every count. From the minute we stepped into the falling apart reception area up to the point, to the fact the messed up the booking and denied it, conveniently 'lost' our confirmation email (although they had said by phone it had been recieved), to their denial that they even 'have' triple rooms (though it says so on the board out front), to them calling the aggrieved trip planner a 'stupid f****** b*tch' and telling us to leave. Unfortunately every where around was booked up, so having ruined a brithday bash for a party of 13 people an agreement was met and we stayed, though they put the prices up and we still didn't get that triple room). The double bed was a three-quarter. The window barely opened (health and safety anyone?), the bathroom area was enough to make you sick and if that place passes an environmental (or manners) inspection I'll eat their shower curtain. I KNOW it's cheap but I would happily have handed over twice the amount of money to stay somewhere else. Do yourself a favour, STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!	
Jul 20 2008 	Automatic	First of all, i would like to say... I ONLY STAYED HERE CAUSE I WAS DESPERATE.The hotel was incredibly [--].There was rat urine on my bed and pillow and there were rat droppings on the bed. The funniest part of my stay was...when the manager or whatever closed the door, we asked him if he needed the key and he goes &quot;no its automatic&quot;, now that was funny. But anyways the room was incredibly dirty and the toilet was the size of my closet. My friends bathroom was even smaller, their toilet and shower was inside the little closet sized bathroom and the sink was beside their bed. Sheets were dirty and when i rest my head on the pillow it felt like i was resting my head on nothing just the actual bed. The only thing i liked about the hotel room was that the fire alarm didn't work so i got to smoke as much as i wanted =).	
Jul 17 2008 	filthy	We booked this hotel on the basis it had a family room, 1 double 2 singles. It was on the top floor with a lift for 1 person. The room and bathroom were so bad we considered booking in to the closest holiday inn and losing our money but put up with it because it was only for 1 night. The breakfast was a joke. They even watered down the milk!!	
Jun 17 2008 	do not go	that place is a joke. i booked only for two nights but in the second night i slept to a friend. is the worst hotel ever in which i stayed. in the pictures look nice but the reality is very different. please do not book any rooms for that hotel. please...............	
May 11 2008 	terrible hotel	Yes it is in the center of the london however;this was the worst hotel I stayed ever. it was dirty, breakfast was terrible, the bed was broken so we had to change the room which was primarily given us,the room was not cleaned even though I specifically asked for 4 times for each day I stayed there, the towels were not changed even though I asked many times, there was no curtain in the room, a piece of white sheet was nailed on the window, in bathroom I avoided touching around because it was so bad and unclean, no remote control for tv hanged on the ceiling, so you have to walk to the tv to change the channel,when I first came into hotel the fire alarm was on and the person at the desk was so calmly admitted the fire alarm and did nothing.Overall, the service is very below a standard quality level, I strongly recommend you to skip that hotel. I am so sorry for every GBP I paid to that hotel, that definetly does not worth staying there even for 50 GBP for a night.	
May 4 2008	The Coffee Tasted like Salami.	Rather than read the whole review I will conclude now; The hotel did the job, we needed a cheap place to stay for the night. There are other hotels that provide this though, and they are a hell of a lot better. Book your hotel in advance guys, to avoid crappy hotels like this one!The free breakfast consisted of, dry toast, cheap conflakes and coffee that tasted like salami. Despite arriving to breakfast first we were almost served last, the serving girl was working flat out though so fair play to her.Staying at this hotel was an act of desperation, everyone else was fully booked.We arrived to an empty reception, and waited a good few minutes before anyone acknowledged us. The guy that eventually booked us in didn't give a [--], but fair enough i don't blame him for being so miserable. Uncaring staff don't exactly fill you with confidence though.The exterior of the hotel was promising but incredibly shabby indoors.We were slightly early, our room hadn't been cleaned and the sheets were covered in pubes. We were early I suppose, and it was relatively tidy when we returned later that day. They recycled the previous guests soap though.The door is open 24 hours which was awesome, and you can book for just one night rather than a full week like some hotels require.The hotel was quiet at night so we slept well. The duvets were tatty and thin, actually they were basically sheets not duvets.	
Apr 4 2008	This Hotel is a Joke	Dont Stay in this hotel, unles you are very Very and I mean, very desperate.Hotel staff uncaring, room very shabby, dirty, dusty, works going on. Found a Big live cockroach, or what seemed like a cockroach in what they hotel describes as the on suite.Bathroom shabby, dirty, old, just like the rest of the hotel. Oh the shower worked, and actually had hot water. Mattress was a nightmamre, had to request some quilts to place on top of the mattress so that the springs wouldn't dig into us. Quilts were very dusty, and shabby. I wouldn't dare to walk barefoot on the filthy carpet for fear of catching any kind of foot disease.All in all I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone	
Mar 2 2008 	Health and Safety Risk - Beware	Firstly, DO NOT confuse the Cromwell Crown Hotel with the Cromwell Hotel (Best Western) over the road - a very easy mistake but I'm afraid you really do get what you pay for:The hotel was very reasonably priced for the area at 25 pounds each - we only needed a place to lay our heads for a few hours as we were planning a full weekend out and about. The hotel is small, shabby, dirty and the 'staff' were mostly uncaring, mainly because they only seemed to communicate in shrugs if asked a question before hurriedly huddling back into groups to resume whatever language they were speaking which appeared to be Polish.We had booked a double en suite and to be fair the room itself although very small was clean from the point of view of the sheets but the decor was very shabby indeed and the bedsprings coiled like wires digging painfully into us at every turn. The TV did not have a remote control and very few stations which worked, building work was obviously underway as pipes were actually poking through an open window directly from the scaffolding outside into our room - thankfully it was a sat/sun so all was quiet, I shudder to think what happens during the week.However our main point of deep concern was the situation at breakfast - firstly we were not informed of breakfast times for a sunday morning (it was on the tiny print at the bottom of the receipt we were eventually given) and arrived just 5 minutes 'late' at 9.35am: upon enquiring we were told &quot;sorry too late&quot;, 9.30 only&quot;; someone then went to check and showed us to the door before disappearing. I then turned the handle to open the door as I could see other people inside the room - the door was LOCKED! We were so shocked that we tried it again and again; it was firmly locked with the guests inside looking none the wiser.We then returned to reception to point out that this was a serious health and safety breach and were told &quot;it is because you are late&quot;!!! They seemed completely oblivious to the fact that you cannot just go around locking people into a room in a situation like that. We eventually gave up and went out into the fresh air to find breakfast down the road before returning to (thankfully) check out. Never ever again.Every bad review that has been recorded on this site is correct and there are plenty more on other sites which I've been reading - we think we were only saved because we had an 'en suite room'; the shared bathrooms were horrendous although ours was only a degree better.Apart from the ancient decor and distinctly shabby surroundings, something needs to be done before a tragedy occurs so please travellers, if you do stay even for one night, be aware of the serious risks being posed and plan your escape route just in case. We stayed here to cut down on costs as we were on a wine tasting experience in nearby Vinopolis and had other plans arranged so it would have been ideal as it is so centrally located but would never cut corners like that again. It was a first and will definitely be the last.	
Feb 20 2008 	Nightmare	This was the WORST &quot;Hotel&quot; I have ever had the misfortune to book. It resembled nothing like on the website. Firstly it was a building site - morter and dust everywhere. Our room was down 2 flights of stairs and the heating system resembled the noises expected in the hull of a huge ship. No ventilation due to the construction works as one could not open a window. Camp beds for me and my husband and rusty bunks for the kids. Bathroom size of a small broom cupboard. No kettle, hairdryer or locker. TV not working. Stayed for duration of 10 to 15 mins, just enough time to ring and book another hotel. Can't understand why this has not been investigated by the Health and Safety Authorities.	
Feb 17 2008 	Rank!	DON'T STAY HERE! Stayed at this hotel in 2002 as I was visiting the Royal Albert Hall and found it via activehotels.com. My window didn't close and it faced out on one of London's busiest streets, there were flies everywhere, the TV plug was hanging out of the broken socket and the unit it was sat on was broken so that it was listing dangerously. The bedclothes were disgusting and I actually slept fully clothed on top of the sheets, there were stains all over the walls and I had a shared bathroom that didn't appear to have been cleaned since 1982. I went down a floor too many when going to reception and had the misfortune of walking into a room that was wall-to-wall filthy mattresses. It's cheap for London but you would not settle for this standard anywhere else so don't settle for it here.	
Feb 7 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	This has got to be the worst hotel in London. It was shabby and dirty, needed a really good clean. Facilities need upgrade. I can cope if its clean, but it was not. The room was paid for as a double, but in reality although there was a horrible old double bed the room was too small for it (no headboard and pillow end was against a radiator under a window). Everything from the paint work to facilities was really unclean and desperately in need of a makeover or fixing. Breakfast was very basic, some kind of apple cordial with cottonwool toast and margerine. Overall it was a really unpleasant stay and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 5 2008	Dreadful	To describe this hotel as a dump is an understatement. When we arrived I could not believe I was in the right place. The description on the web is nothing like the actual hotel. The picture of the bedroom bears no resemblance to the room we were shown to, down in the basement, a definite fire trap. We could not stay here and had to spend the afternoon trying for an alternative hotel. Places like this should not be allowed to call themselves hotels and should be closed down. I pity anyone who books this on the strength of their website description. STAY AWAY!!	
Feb 4 2008 	Worst Hotel in London	This has got to be the worst hotel in London. I arrived with a friend and you can tell from down the street how horrible it is compared with the others in the area. Inside was no better it was really dirty and grotty. Alot of the facilities are old and broken. The toilets are disguting and the shower is no better. There was even damp on one of the celings in the hall. The room was disgraceful, one bed was broken and the other in need of a new mattress. Bedding was old and worn and didn't even match. Also the window did not shut properly. Everything from the paint work to facilities was really unclean and desperately in need of a makeover or fixing. Overall it was a really unpleasant stay and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 13 2007 	One night at the Cromwell	I booked this hotel the night before, i wanted to stay at another hotel but sadly it was booked.I paid £35 for a single en suite room.When I arrived at the hotel, i was over the moon!!It looked really clean and good.... The Cromwell Hotel.... The wrong hotel!!! So i was gutted, and kept walking up the road.The I saw the Cromwell Crown.... The paint on the render was more brown than white, the dodgy neon lights were broken, and the VACANCIES sign had only VAN IES lit up!!!I entered, and checked in. It was a fast check in, and they were helpful.I walked to the lift... i think the lifts on the Titanic are more modern! It is a very dodgy lift, it broke down a lot and I was told to be careful using it by the receptionist!!!I made my way upto my room - 502 - the lift went upto the 4th floor and then you have to climb a small staircase to the fifth floor!! Mould on the walls, white paint peeling off, even a door that had came off the hinges which was covering a fire escape door!!The 5th floor stank.... badly. The rest off the hotels smell wasent so bad though.I entered my room, and at first i thought its ok. Then I had a proper look - the bed cover was filthy, although the sheets underneath were clean!! And the towel was clean. The floor was cleanish, but could be better.The bathroom door had a huge hole in it, which had been covered up with something! (see pic)I noticed on the bedroom door a sign saying watch for anything suspicious - this made me very wary so i hid my belongings. (see pic)You had to leave the room key at reception, so i really didnt trust the hotel.At night, it was quite quiet, the road outside was loud but i still feel asleep. I hid my wallet in my jeans and my mobile in my trainers.The bed is very old, and mattress is mouldy. The bed base looks like it was made in the 1950s.I had a shower - but the shower head was rusted and fell off right away - it also had no cold water yet the hot water was not very hot so it wasent too bad. The cold tap on the sink didnt work so only had hot, and a soap from a previous guest was still in the shower. The bathroom floor is terrible, there is mould between all the tiles - it was so disgusting I put a towel over it too cover it up! The shower base is very dirty as well.I asked at Reception for an extra towel, and the receptionist got me one right away.The TV was very old, but it still worked and had 5 channels.The bedroom only consisted off a TV, Bed, Wardrobe (with no hangers!) and a knackered desk (no chair).There was a small light above the bed that flickered when on, and a tiny cabinet above the bed.I didnt have breakfast at this hotel, I went to McDonalds instead (only 5 mins walk away)The next morning i was pleased to leave, i still had all my belongings with me luckily.There is a Sainsburys opposite, and the tube is 5 mins walk, but for £35 i think i should have felt safe. I know £35 for one night is cheap, but the quality off the hotel is terrible compared to other hotels off similar price.I would not stay at this hotel again unless i was really desperate, I usually stay in budget hotels and this has to be one off the bad ones. Im not usually picky, sometimes things do work ok but in this hotel everything seemed run down and knackered.I would say if you are totally stuck, and there is no where else to go on a really tight budget, then consider this place. But there are far better deals out there, for instance the Royal Lancaster was available for only £30 more - and you cant compare the two hotels. I was gutted when I found prices for better hotels, for just £5 extra you can get a half decent place.	
Nov 14 2007 	take insect repellant with you!	I stayed here 2 nights ago with my 8 year old daughter who was performing at the school proms at the royal albert hall. Knowing i had to take my child back to this disgusting dump almost ruined the whole experience. I checked in with another parent who was also staying there with her daughter. The smell of bleach hit us as soon as we walked in and it soon became obvious that it was to mask the smell of filth it was so strong you could taste it.I found my room with no help or directions from the less than helpful staff. It was tiny. There was a single window with a curtain drawn across it (in the middle of the day) i pulled it back to reveal a ladder lying across it (not up against) to prevent me opening the window more than a couple of inches. The bed was awful i have thrown better mattresses away. I went into the bathroom cracked tiles no toilet roll holder and a waste bin from the 70's,metal with puppies and teddy bears lined with a plastic carrier bag. There was a tv on top of a single wardrobe with all the cables hanging down so if i opened the wardrobe door the tv will probably have come down on top of me. After the performance i returned with my daughter who on entering the hotel shouted &quot;mum it stinks&quot; but fortunately was so tired she would have slept anywhere. The climax was in the morning when we found we had a visitor in the shape of a big black cockroach in the bathroom. There were no tea and coffee facilities there wasn't even a glass to rinse our mouths after brushing our teeth (or to get rid of the taste of bleach). There is also a review on the wall in the hotel saying this hotel stinks which is obviously too much effort for them to clean off. Oh and watch you don't trip over the threadbare carpets	
Sep 14 2007	Not even for Animals	Consider sleeping rough before booking a room in this so called Hotel.The one plus point was that there was no rats to be seen on the premises, I guess rats in London have standards!	
Aug 11 2007 	Marvellous Place	Don't listen to all those other nay-sayers... this hotel is marvellous. I have a lot of business and friends in the Earls Court/Kensington area, and if I ever need to stay the night, this place is always my first choice. Four things make this place just right: Cleanliness, Amenities, Breakfast, and PRICE. I've once walked all over the ENTIRE area looking for a place that was open.. alas, with the Tour de France occuring the same day I was unfortunate..but over the course of the 7 or so freezing after-midnight hours, I came across no place cheaper and nicer. For a single room I've never paid more than £35 there (for Kensington that's a phenomenal price)..indeed I'm staying there tonight, a Saturday, for a measly £30!! I get a nice TV, a small room with a bed, a sink and a desk.. a shower next door, and the whole of London at my fingertips. When you're in an area such as this, a luxurious suite with a million and one gadgets aren't needed. In short, if you're on a budget, this place is perfect for short stays.	
Aug 2 2007 	Officially the worst hotel in London?	I saw the nice pics of this 'hotel' and was offered an 'online discount' for a family room. What a joke.I have only myself to blame. When we arrived at the hovel (it is an insult to decent hotels to call the Cromwell a hotel) I should have listened to my instinct that urged me to turn and run. Instead, I paid for the room for the night because the Polish receptionist told us we could not leave our suitcase there while we visited the local museums if we didn't pay for the room first.When we arrived at the hovel after a long day at the History Museum and went down into the basement to reach our room - (dirty and loose stair carpet and filthy walls and what is the smell?) we were alarmed to see that our room's door handle was broken and could not be locked! That was nothing to what awaited us inside.Two single beds pushed together and a bunk bed forced in made up this 'family room'. The room stank, the curtains were grey with filth and the mattresses looked fify years old and bent in the middle. I looked in the bathroom and there was so much rust on the shower head I feared for the health of the next person to use it. It wasn't going to be me.My whole family heaved a sigh of relief when I told them to get upstairs and outside as we weren't staying. I told the receptionist we couldn't stay as the place was disgusting. she told me there was a 48 hour cancellation policy and she would not refund my money. My husband said that we had kept our end of the bargain by turning up at our reservation and they had not for giving us a disgusing room but still she refused. She told me to get in touch with the agency we booked with.At this point some dodgy drunks walked in so we got the hell out of there.Please, anyone considering using this place, DON'T. There are better places in London. The Cromwell needs to be closed down.	
Jul 24 2007 	The Cromwell Crown is a dive	Right folks, where to start? The only thing going for this place is its location. A stone's throw from the Natural History Museum, and some great restaurants and bars. That's the positives over with. The first thing you notice as you enter this hotel is its smell: a combination of 'wet dog', vomit and sweat... I actually gagged, and had to hold my breath as I walked the corridors.Our room which was supposed to be a 'spacious' quad with 4 separate beds, was in fact small, with a double bed and 2 singles, a TV (no remote) and a cupboard. It felt unclean and the paint on the walls were stained and falling off. Needless to say the window remained open all night, as the smell of smoke (must have been a chain-smoker below) kept us company all night... The bathroom was tiny, the toilet didn't flush and every time you tried, the whole cistern fell off... There were no toilet-roll or towel holders, which only left the floor as storage or indeed the side of the bath. At a push, the best thing was the shower which at least provided hot water albeit at a drizzle! I arrived at the hotel first and had only been in there an hour when I started to itch. We refused to sleep in the beds, so lay fully clothed on top of the duvet, fearing bugs, filth etc. Not that it mattered, we got no sleep as the walls were paper thin and we seemed to have a family of 50 above us who didn't stop moving around, jumping and talking all night... We were glad we were only in the room a couple of hours before we were up again. The breakfast room was the only place that seemed reasonably clean and devoid of smell, but we didn't stay long. We were greeted with a vile lady whose belly was hanging out and rudely shoved 2 bowls of cornflakes and a tiny glass of green water in front of us. My disgust clearly showed because she had the cheek to say to me &quot;yes, was there anything else&quot;. I replied there was, tea and toast, and she stomped off in a huff. When she returned it was with weak tea and bread... I looked around the room and noticed most people prodding their bread and suppressed a giggle. It is the first time we have checked out of a hotel early and I wouldn't stay here again if you paid me... I have after all stayed in much better hostels...	
Jul 9 2007 	Prison cell!	Could not believe how awful the place was. We had to sleep in seperate rooms as they did not have a triple room that we had booked. We have travelled the world on a budget and never come across a room/hotel so bad. We joked about cockroaches only to see one minutes later - it was huge. The bedroom had huge parts of the wallpaper missing and what was still on the wall was filthy. There were patches of white paint where they had tried to paint over grafitti - on an orange background! Two single beds were crammed into a single room. The door would not even open properly. The beds were disgusting, the sort where there is big dips in the middle and you feel every spring. Breakfast was thrown at you. Cold toast and orange flavoured water. The place is very noisy as all the doors seem to slam shut. Cannot believe it is allowed to run as a hotel.	
Jul 4 2007 	would rather camp in my car lol	Well what can i say dingy smelly old and scary i think sums it up.Actually slept in my clothes due to a smell on the bed and slept on top of a towel was the worst night ever had to share a disgusting bathroom and the doors are thin so u can hear everything never ever ever again would rather sleep in my car	
Jun 9 2007 	Cromwell Crown	This hotel is terrible, but if you need cheep one-night stay, you can stand there. I'd like to dissuade everyone who wants to stay there longer. Room was awful, but I came late in the evening and left very early next morning. The biggest advantage of this palce is its location in the city centre.	
May 28 2007 	cromwell crown kensington-chelsealondon	has to be the worst experience,ever, if this &quot;hotel&quot; was anywhere in rep. of ireland,it would be shut down on health and safety grounds.we(2 couples)left early next morning,found a wonderful 2 bedroom apartment 200 mtrs.away,we declined the breakfast at the crown!. filthy and disgusting,slept on tpo of bed covers,showered at other superb accomadation next morning.i could go on forever, just take this advice,find genuine accomadation ,avoid the cromwell crown &quot;kip&quot;also the photos of &quot;hotel&quot;do not match the rooms inside.	
Apr 26 2007 	absolutly terrible	do not stay at this hotel ever i made the mistake only because i was on a cheap budget the room was dirty and looked like it had not been cleaned properly in months there was burn holes in the mattress from cigarettes the tv only had 4 channels there was no hot water there was barely any water on the fourth floor the window would not stay open and was dirty the breakfast consisted of cereals toast orange juice watered down and tea or coffee very poor. this hotel needs closing down has i have reported it to trading standards the photos of the rooms are not true there a fake its a shame i never took any.	
Apr 24 2007 	Come back Basil Fawlty all is forgiven	Why oh why did I not read these reviews before booking this hotel. What a dirty, digusting place. There were no plugs for the sink or the bath, cracked tiles and loo roll holder. Dirty carpets, duvet cover had hole in it, but what's worse I think we've brought some visitors home with us, the jumping kind!!!! The breakfast was terrible, watered down orange juice, stale cornflakes, cold toast and butter and marmalade look alike's. Our triple room was so small and there was a dreadful smell from the drains when the window was opened. No alarm call needed as the water pipes started making a banging noise in the early morning. I warn anyone who thinks of booking a room in this hotel .................... DON'T!	
Apr 13 2007 	what a shock!!!!!	when we arrived at the hotel our hearts dropped. the broken sign outside was the first sign. we were told we had to pay as we checked in and told how to get to our room. it took us ten minutes... there are no signs and corridors have torn carpets and have dirty walls. our room was tiny. the bed was shoved against a wall with no headboard. the curtains were falling down and there were tiles misssing off the bathroom wall. there was no remote control for the tv and there is supposed to be satelite tv in every room.... we had four channels. for breakfast you get water with a dash of lemon and they described it as orange juice. you get a bowl of cornflakes and a slice of toast. it was so so bad all we could do was laugh instead of cry. we had to stay out late because we could not bare going back there. we were so glad to leave. i wish i had read this website first before booking it... i hope it gets closed down	
Mar 3 2007	disgraceful	if anyone is thinking of booking this hotel dont, take it from one who knows this hotel should be labelled with a health warning sign in the window it is dirty, smells, furniture is a disgrace carpets have never seen a clean, bathrooms are smoothered with mould and cracked tiles on the floor, i am ashamed to be british if this is what we have to offer in this country as a poor excuss for a hotel, some one needs to go there and have it shut down this is one hotel i will never use again and i am very annoyed to find that when i have gone to write this review i now am reading more discusting reviews from people who have also been to this hotel ,and even more annoyed to find that this hotel is still in opperation. we have better boarding kennels for animals than this hotel.	
Dec 19 2006	Hated every minute	This is without doubt the worst hotel we have every stayed in.We booked a double en-suite. we got a room so small that the bed was pushed up against the wall so that the door would open. One of the draws was falling apart the carpet and bed cover were filthy and the walls were badly marked. The bed itself was disgustingly dirty and supremely uncomfortable.The bathroom was minute, the light fitting was hanging off the ceiling. The floor tiles were broken end cracked as were the wall tiles, and the bath was chipped.A notice on the door informed us that we were to dial &quot;0&quot; for reception if we heard anything suspicious- - - - .DO NOT STAY HERE	
Dec 1 2006	As expected for cost good location	booked via studentuniverse.comreasonable hotel for cost (paid ~23 pounds for 1 night)Very small room (single) but perfectly adequate for a quick 1-2 night stay. Clean bed sheets, though carpet and bed cover looked dirty.Bathrooms were clean and worked. Each floor has 2-3 bathrooms/showers - walk around and find the one that looks best. I stayed on the 4th floor and used the shower on level 1.Dont know why the other reviews are so bad - the hotel was what i would expect for the cost. Superb location - minutes from earls court and gloucester stations, right across from a 24-hour Sainsbury supermarket &amp; an internet cafe. Good for a single person ,student or preofessional on a short visit, definitely not comfortable for families.	
Nov 20 2006 	Disgusting hotel	I arrived at 2am very tired and was appalled to see the state of the hotel. We were on the top floor about five flights of stairs, but were advised not to use the lift as it kept stopping!! My bedroom window would not close and was open 12 inches or more, the breeze that night was quite strong and was blowing a gale into my room, it was freezing and to top it the noise from the traffic was awful. My shower was broken so I would off had to stand and hold it while trying to wash so didnt even bother with it. The hotel was dirty the carpet and bed cover did not look like it had been cleaned in months!! How they pass environmental health standards I will never know.  A couple of friends who also stayed there that night had to sleep the whole night with their door unlocked as you the person on reception had to remove the door handle to let them in!!!!!!!!Do not stay in this hotel it is so worth paying a little extra and staying in a Travel Lodge.	
Aug 16 2006 	Absolutely horrible	If the hotel could have been worse I'm not sure how. Torn carpet, moldy walls, a bathroom with wet floors and a shower curtain that couldn't keep water off the floor, stuffy and hot, TV didn't work (not that we wanted to watch it, but still)... breakfast is cereal and toast and nothing more... room cleanup took all of 10 minutes and consisted of putting out new towels and pretending to make the beds... staff isn't friendly and makes you feel like they're doing you a favor by letting you stay there.... find somewhere else - anywhere else.	
Jan 13 2006	ooowah !		
Aug 4 2005	simply crap		
Dec 6 2004	Real photos. Not really a comfortable stay.		
Jul 4 2004	Avoid at all costs !		
Apr 13 2004	Never again !!!		
Feb 25 2004	my god!!!		
Nov 30 2003	What a dump		
Sep 25 2009 	Shi...t hole		
Sep 25 2009 	Bettwanzen!!!1		
Sep 13 2009 	Uno degli hotel più sporchi mai visti!!!		
Aug 15 2009 	disastro		
Aug 3 2009 	Faut pas être difficile		
Jul 22 2009 	Unfassbar		
Jul 11 2009 	Sommaire mais suffisant.		
Jul 9 2009 	Oh My God!		
May 19 2009 	très moyen		
Apr 18 2009 	Bewertungen stimmen wirklich		
Mar 25 2009 	Ver video para comprobar.. xD		
Mar 13 2009 	Se potete cercate un'altro albergo		
Jan 9 2009 	Orribile il Cromwell Crown...Pessimo!!		
Dec 4 2008 	No he pasado mas frio en mi vida		
Oct 31 2008 	Comme dans un film d'épouvante		
Oct 24 2008 	A mi novia se le cayó el alma a los pies.		
Oct 7 2008 	gentili e disponibili		
Sep 24 2008 	Se lo conosci lo eviti		
Sep 22 2008 	¡¡¡ No lo escojais ¡¡¡		
Aug 24 2008 	che vergogna		
Aug 13 2008 	décevant hotel		
Sep 16 2007	Nie wieder dieses Hotel.		
May 29 2006	Tout pourri !!!		
