	A good budget choice but only if you can't afford better!	GOOD POINTS-Cheap (I stayed here for some nights for 20 pounds - this is fantastic for central London)- Family rooms are spacious for 2 people- Restaurants very close eg Nanos (portugese), Strada (Italian), Pasta, fast food at the station etc)- Staff are friendly-Early check in available (but at a cost). Some hotels I have been in do not even allow early check in so I put this as a good point.-Safe area.BAD POINTS-Mattress was uncomfortable - sinks in the middle. My wife had back problems every day (!)-Pillows are thin, hard and uncomfortable. I ended up buying a couple as I was staying for 2 weeks. - Road noise when windows are open is load but okay when windows are closed-Air -conditioning does not work in any room I have been in (I have tried 5 rooms). Windows open with a key that is available at reception though.-Towels aren't very good and often you have to ask for more.-Double rooms felt claustrophobic!	
	Wont be recommending this Travelodge.	We booked this travelodge for the convenience to Euston Station, we had to catch an early train to Scotland. Had I known that it would be so uncomfortable I would have saved myself the money and slept on a seat at the train station. You could feel the springs through the mattress as you slept and the pillows were so thin that you may aswell not have had one at all. We had previously stayed at Travelodge Kings Cross and were under the impression that Euston would be of the same standard. This is not the case and I will not be recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 25 2009 	travelodge stay	was a great stay. loved it. the whole weekend was great. will defonatly go there again.	
Nov 25 2009 	It's a shame about the Noise!	The hotel was good and did the job for 1 night, I wouldn't want a 2nd night. The hotel I'm afraid was let down by the noise in the rooms from the roads outside. This is very disturbing and I do believe work is required to ensure that the rooms are a little more sound proofing. All night long traffic noise can be heard and this meant for a very disturbed nights sleep for all our family. The hotel needs to work on this as it has been noted by a number of guests who have reviewed the hotel. It is a shame as the hotel was clean, comfortable and very handy for London's attractions. It's a typical Travelodge, cheap and cheerful and if they could sort out the noise in the rooms, it would easily get 5 stars for value.	
Nov 21 2009 	Handy for Kings Cross-nothing else	Booked this place as a convenience for travelling from Kings Cross station. If you want basic room this is it, pillows on the bed about half an inch thick, a shower you need a degree to work, its like an old East Berlin lodging. I like a bit of comfort in my rooms and if I had known what the place was going to be like I woul not have booked it. Will be telling my friends not to stay here.	
Nov 19 2009 	When all you need is a shower and a bed......	This is a budget range of hotels and they don't pretend to do anything flash, so you get what they tell you.There are quieter rooms available, so ask and if there is a problem, ask politely and the staff will help. If you behave like an idiot they will probably treat you like one!Like has been said in previous reviews, the proximity to stations makes this an ideal location for a flying visit to London, or an overnight whilst transiting to Eurostar or the like.My husband were coming down from manchester to a friend's 60th in the city and so arrival at 5pm and departure for a train at 8am the next day, made this a perfect solution for a very reasonable price.The room is basic with a squishy bed and only two pillows, but ask for extra, ask for your window to be opened, turn off your AC and the place will soon cool down and then you can shut the window to sleep in a cooler room. Take your own everything as there isn't a hairdryer or any shampoo and if you like loads of towels take an extra one.If you want more than a shower and a quick kip then expect to pay more, lots more... The M&amp;S food shop at the station has loads of healthy stuff for brekky so grab that and you're away!Enjoy your time in London!	
Nov 17 2009 	only stay there if you need to be near Euston or Kings Cross Stations	its very very basic, air con wasnt working in the room until I had to clean the filters myself to make it actually work. Room looked tatty and needs a bit of attention.	
Nov 12 2009 	A Brilliant Travelodge	We were there for only one night, stopping over en route to the Eurostar terminal. The hotel is about 10 mins walk from St Pancras and sits next to Euston Station. Getting the tube from here to Oxford Street and the West End was easy too.Travelodge is all about price. The rooms are basic, so if you know what you're going to get, expectations are set accordingly. In this case, it was a fantastic example of the Travelodge chain. The rooms are clean and the bathroom was the best I have seen from this chain and is better than its main rivals. Reception was extremely friendly and efficient and were more than happy to give us extra towels. On taking advice from other reviewers, I asked for a room high up and at the back of the hotel and I got a really quiet room. Amazing for Central London, given the level of noise at the nearby Euston Road.Breakfast is rather modest, based on cereal and toast with little else. The Farringdon Travelodge situated the other side of Kings Cross does a full cooked breakfast if that's what you prefer. Overall, this is the best UK budget hotel experience I have had. Well done.	
Oct 27 2009 	Love this hotel in London	Everytime we are in London we always stop in this travelodge hotelThe first time we visited we was really impressed overall by this hotel that we pay no more than 32 british pound a night and will be the only hotel we stop in the future The reception is bright and is all new and has 2 computers where you can acsess the internet,There is also a couple of vending machines and a stand with leaflets on for London Attractions,Unfortunaltly the staff at reception let this hotel down they are rather rude and wont let you check in any earlier than 3pm unless you want to pay an extra 10 pound then you can check in at an earlier time this is good all depending on what you arriveThe rooms are on 3 or more floors which are nice, But always try and get a family room as these rooms are alot bigger and have a sofa bed as well and are usually the same price as the standard rooms The rooms are trendy with nice white sheets on a comftable bed, with a flat screen tv with many channels, also there is a small desk with a chair The bathrooms are also spacious and clean with a bath and power shower fitted.The location of this hotel is directly opposite Euston Station and you can get an underground train anywhere you wish to in London,but as we aregood walkers it takes around a 10-15 walk to Oxford Street and So-Ho with a nice walk down Tottenham Court RoadSo if youre stopping in London always try this Cheap but nice hotel	
Oct 25 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful excellent location for train travel	Stayed here for one night last week, had a quiet room in the basement which was great, rooms are clean and comfortable with no frills. Handy location for train/underground travel. Would choose again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Nice hotel in great location	I stayed here for 2 nights in the end of September. Two adults and a baby in a family room. The room was of a good size, flat screen TV, air conditioner. It was noisy as it is so closed to the bus station but tolerable.I honestly don't understand how people can complain about Travelodge. You go and find another better hotel, but will you still pay that £19 or £29 pounds per night?Also that person before complaining about 3 pm check in and how they offer earlier check in for £10. Why don't you learn to read? Everything is clearly explained on their website and when you book your room there is a note about it as well. We also came at 2 pm and had to wait for 1 hour. We found it no problem as there was a green square with benches just opposite the train/bus station and you can grab some food from the nearby shops and sit there on a bench and eat. Or you can actually go into one of the cafes/resturants that are plenty there!Room was clean and they changed sheets and tidied it before we came in the evening. No problems at all.	
Oct 12 2009 	it does what it says on the web site - nothing more and nothing less	Travelodge is a basic hotel chain. It delivers what it says it will, at a great low price. I stayed in the London Euston travelodge for two nights.The reception was busy when I arrived. I knew that check-in was after 3:00 and I planned my arrival accordingly. I like that check out is up to 12:00, an earlier time can be troublesome. There were two receptionists on duty and the queue cleared quickly.The Euston Travelodge only offers continental breakfast. Watch out for the times as it is quite late on weekends, 8:00. I arrived early, then again dead on time and the door was locked. When I was there only a few people were eating so the self service was fast and convenient. It was probably healthy for me too.The room was basic, which was what was expected. There was a double bed and somewhere to hang clothes, hospitality tray for tea and coffee, tv and desk. All adequate, clean and comfortable. The bedside lights were mobile and gave enough light. There was a good blind on the window, which faced onto other buildings not the busy streets.Euston station is 2-3 minutes away, less if the crossing lights are with you. The British Library is very close as are the Eurostar terminal at St Pancras and Kings Cross. Both Euston and Euston Square underground stations are close. There is a catholic church down the road.There is no restaurant but the area has several to pick from. This is a bed and breakfast hotel in an excellent location with no frills.I liked best the lack of fuss and the efficient nature of the service provided. Least good were the breakfast times, at weekends, and the number of pillows, but you can always ask for another pillow.This hotel is five stars because you get exactly what was advertised.	
Oct 6 2009 	Not good - even for the low price	This hotel is quite dark and dirty. Couple this with extremely rude staff and no restaurant and you have the makings of a very bad experience. No cooked breakfast was offered and the rooms are extremely noisy due to the traffic. Even the low price wouldn't tempt me back.	
Sep 28 2009 	Expected better from such a Hotel Giant!	I stayed at the Travelodge Euston for 1 night in September.I arrived by train into London Euston so the Location was VERY convenient for me! The price was GREAT. I booked a double room for £29.00.I arrived at about 13.30 and went straight to the hotel. They advised me that I could not check in until 3pm which I thought was a litter later than normal but I just accepted it as their policy..... UNTIL I was about to leave (to waste a few hours) and he said I could check in if I was willing to pay an additional charge!!! This really really irritated I and I point blank REFUSED to pay!!! I understand that house keeping staff need time to turn around the bedrooms ready for new guests but I do NOT understand why paying a little extra on arrival can magically make my room clean itself! I can only assume that the payment was actually for an upgrade to a room that had already been serviced! I do not understand why they would clean an empty room first when they know other rooms are booked. Unless they bank on tired travellers, often with luggage, just paying the upgrade so that they can check in!If this is simply an early check in charge when rooms are already serviced then that is SIMPLY DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We came back at 3 and checked in... There were no major issued but I cannot say they were either prompt or that pleasant.Our room was modern, bright and clean enough... although there was a maltezer under the desk that had clearly not been hovered.The bathroom (shower ONLY) was small but adequate and again seemed clean. They only left us 1 towel even though the room was booked for 2 and there was not hand towel either. There was also only a few sheets of toilet roll left which meant we had to go down to ask for MORE!Check out was quick as payment is taken on arrival but I was slightly annoyed that both members of staff on reception were using their mobile phones and carried on when they saw us waiting instead of stopping to serve us!OVERALL there were no major problems and the price and proximity to the station means that I would stay again IF I could secure the £29.00 room rate.I DO THINK THAT AS ONE OF THE UK'S BIGGEST HOTEL CHAINS THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO BETTER - REGARDLESS OF THE BARGAIN ROOM RATES!!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Fantastic	The hotel was right next to Euston train and tube station so not far at all to go with heavy bags! Like a few people have said Travelodge is basic and hence this is reflected in the price. The room was excellent, clean...we had a very comfortable bed, tv, coffee\tea in the room, shower...lights we could turn on and off whilst lying in bed which is always a favourite of mine! The staff were very nice and helpful and even asked us for feedback on our stay...we passes on our positive comments.I can't comment on the bar area or food as we didn't sample them although our room was right at the end of the ground floor which was quite a walk...I have uploaded a picture of the longest corridor ever...no mirrors...thats the full length! lolAlmost forgot....we had Air Con!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Basic	I accept that rooms in London can tend to come small when we're talking budget hotel, however my room reminded me somewhat of a prison cell. It was an odd shape with little space around the bed and very little space where the 'desk' and wardrobe were. It was also sauna-like, with no chance of opening the window and no way to make the air con go colder. The room was spotless, which tends to be very high in my list of priorities, but the stay was also marred by a massive crack in the outside glazing the window and a pretty uncomfortable bed. Add to that the poor state of the double glazing and it led to a rather bad night's sleep for me. The place does the job but only if you can get a cheap room rate and you're not staying more than a couple of nights.	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent Stay...Apart from the noise	Stayed at this hotel for five nights. The staff were friendly, polite and helpful. The rooms were spotlessly clean and there was no noise from other guests in the hotel. The geographical location of the hotel was very good, handy for shops, restaurants and transport. But it was impossible to get an unbroken nights sleep for the noise of the traffic (even though our room faced a side road). This hotel needs triple glazing as the double glazing was not enough to block the noise.	
Sep 1 2009 	Normal Travelodge	Normal Travel lodge expereince: safe, clean etc. Nothing exciting. Better value if you get a sale/saver rate well ahead, otherwise costs almost as much as a real hotel.	
Aug 30 2009	Best Ever Travelodge Experience - ask for a room at the back.	This was a fantastic Tavelodge. In a great central location and right next to Euston station so great transport links. The rooms were spotlessly clean, there was a warm welcome at reception, with very efficient staff. We were lucky enough that all of our rooms faced away from the road outside which was extremely busy. If you are staying here then remember to ask for a back facing room if its possible to get one.	
Aug 28 2009 	excellent location 	Stayed here for 3 nites for a short weekend break, location is right across the road from Euston train &amp; subway station, which is great for access to the rest of the city, We walked to Soho in about 15 mins as well, rooms are quite large by London standards and were always kept clean. had a bit of traffic noise as we were on the 1st floor facing Grafton Street but it wasn't that bad. we paid £75 per nite which is a great rate for central London, if you come here expecting a Travelodge and nothing luxurious then you won't be disappointed, I would defo use this place again	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent hotel 10 out of 10	Stayed here for 3 midweek nites &amp; found the hotel spot on, we were on ground floor in 2 different rooms, facing the courtyard and you could hear a pin drop, total silence.The rooms were basic but did the job, air conditioning was in perfect working order, shower was great too.We had the continental breakfast each morning which was £5.25 for adults &amp; free for kids 15 &amp; under, again this was more than ample, help yourself as many times as you want.We found the staff polite &amp; friendly, would def stay here again &amp; again, location was ideal.	
Aug 22 2009 	For a London hotel at that price is was fantastic!	It was a bit hard to find at first, the taxi driver didn't know where to go, but in hindsight if I'd looked at a map I would have known that I didn't even need a taxi from London Euston where I'd parked my car. Reception was helpful, its not like a five star hotel with a chic reception area, but it is a TRAVELODGE so wasn't expecting five star standards! I was on the ground floor right at the end, it was a nice room, I would have said possibly 4* for accomodation if it wasn't for the location and lack of provisions like restaurant etc. The room was lovely, had everything you could want really, the bathroom was also lovely, fantastic power shower to wake you up in the morning. The bed was comfy it was generally really good. The only bad thing that if I was being picky I could moan about was that some idiot had got angry with the bathroom door and it had a hole in, but I can't say it bothered me. I was situated as some have put by a busy junction, if you're wanting somewhere serene to relax and take in the scenery this hotel isn't for you. If you need somewhere to put your head down after a day wandering round London then it should be everything you need. I slept really well, so no complaints here. You can book taxi's from reception or Euston is literally a stonesthrow away, so you can easily jump on the tube. I think they can even order in fast food should you be hungry... I'm due to go to London on a girls night out in January, I would definitely stay there again. I've said this in other reviews but I am really picky when it comes to spending money, I really did expect this to be a lot worse than it actually was for the cost.	
Aug 17 2009 	Could be so much better with few minor tweaks	My wife and I stayed here for one night, Saturday 15th August 2009, for the U2 gig at Wembley.Location: Perfect, almost. Great little boozer around one corner, The Rocket, and a stones throw away from Euston Square tube making it very easy to reach Wembley for the gig. Ok there was a bit of traffic noise (we were on 3rd Floor) in the morning, the problem being that the hotel is on a set of traffic lights and there are an awful lot of impatient drivers who feel the need to beep their horns to hurry other drivers up even at 5 in the morning.Check In: I knew all about the £10 charge for checking in before 3pm. As we walked up to the hotel at a little before 2pm we were fully expecting to be given a room, surely the charge is only levied if you are wanting a room very early, surely 2pm would be fine. No chance, we were told earliest we could check in at 14:45. I'm no cheapskate but I wouldn't pay £10 for 45 minutes, no way, so we wandered around to the pub for a couple of pints, with our luggage I might add as hey, big surprise, you can't leave luggage. I can't complain about any of the staff or their attitude, or the policy, as it was made clear from the outset. I'd just expected a little bit of common sense, and the fact that the policy was enforced to the letter just left a bad taste in the mouth.Room: Squeaky clean, decent size for London, nice clean shower room. However, the big problem is the window and the air con. The window didnt open, in fact it just didnt have a handle. No problem I thought, only one night stay, the air con unit looks almost brand new. Wrong, it was a major, major problem and made for the most uncomfortable night I've ever had in a hotel room. The air con could only be switched on for a matter of two maybe three minutes then it switched itself off, which meant getting up all night to keep turning it back on. It was unbearably hot and stuffy, I resorted to lying on the floor as there was a bit of draught coming under the door from the lovely cool air conditioned corridor. No way would I have stayed here a second night, I couldnt wait to get out of the room in the morning.I've only just read on TA that a key is available to open the window. Why didn't the staff mention it. Why didnt I ask you might say? If I see a window with no handle I assume it isnt meant to be opened. Even if I had been told at check-in I still would have been cheesed off having to stumble down to reception in the wee small hours to get the key and back again to return it. Its just not good enough for a brand new hotel.Will we return, who knows, plenty of budget accomodation around here. Premier Inn around the corner, even the Novotel a couple of blocks up the road is good value when you factor in the ridiculous charge to get your room before 3pm.I wouldnt want to put people off staying here, not at all, just remember to ask for the window key when you check in, ask for towels as they only put one in a double room, and just pay the extra ten quid for early check in when you book so you've forgot about it by time you arrive.	
Aug 13 2009	Great Stay in the city center	As with other Travelodge hotel chain, Travelodge Euston is a bit more modern. Situated just 30m Euston Station, and 200m from Euston Square station, we had many options (lines) to travel using underground. Even you can take london bus in front of Euston street to reach Oxford street.Room is very clean and neat, also very quiet, designed very carefully for budget traveler without eliminating comfort. Bed is also very clean and comfort. LCD TV is also its plus point.The minus point for this hotel is the breakfast room (especially in the sunday) opens very late, around 7.30-8.00 am. They serve great breakfast menu: bread, croissant, cereal, yoghurt, milk, juices and coffee. For the breakfast price we paid, absolutely wonderful.Some restaurants are located in walking distance, such as Nando's in front of Euston station, or Burger king etc inside the station.In summary, this hotel and its location are very recommended for traveler to stay in city center.My Tips: try not to purchase wifi access up front. Just check in and enter your room, then search for any public free wifi. I got a free wifi access (from nearby) during my last stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	would stay again	We paid the extra £10 so checked in at 12 noon. The room was on the ground floor and had a superthick blind down as with it being right next to Euston station, everybody was walking past the bedroom window. The room was very dark because of this. It was a warm day, the air conditioning unit switched itself off every 30 mins and the windows would not open without going to reception for a key therefore the room was rather stuffy. however once obtaining the key and returning it straight away as they only had one for all the floor, the room did cool down a bit. We discovered the blind was broken when wanting to open the window so we couldnt lift it when we wanted to. no sunlight at all in the room for the 2 days we were there.The room was really really clean, it was spotless and the bathroom was very clean as well. only a couple of problems- on arrival we had a very small amount of a toilet roll, which totalled about 10 sheets. as we headed straight out we thought we would sort it when we got back. i went to reception, the man behind there had already delivered out 4 toilet rolls for others guests who didnt have any. He managed to find us a further 10 sheets. by morning there was none left. we headed out for the day, came back and the room had been cleaned but still no toilet roll. i didnt want to go to reception as i didnt want to look like a pooper trouper so decided on flushing tissues instead. the pillows are as flat as a pancake, i read this on here before going but really did not think they would be so thin. i asked for another at reception and they happily obliged. good points, it only took 2 mins to check in and about 1 min to check out. they had a coffee machine in the main entrance and we got free coffee and tea in the room. there was an lcd tv (although badly positioned on the wall, we didnt watch it anyway) the room was super super clean with very nice lighting. didnt hear any noise at all from any neighbouring guests...fantastic location. i would stay here again. i just wish they would provide at least one full loo roll.	
Aug 4 2009 	Really liked this place!	The rooms were clean and comfortable. Bed was really comfortable! You do need to bare in mind it is at a busy part of London right next to the station and near the main road. The windows are double glazed but can still be noisy. I slept fine but if you are sensitive to noise then brings some ear plugs! I didn't have to check out till noon which was good. As it states in the room if you need a hair dryer and your room doesn't have one then ask at reception. I did this and they saved me one for the morning. Staff are very friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay here again if I am in London as really enjoyed my visit and perfect spot for sight seeing. Loved it!	
Jul 20 2009 	Perfect for what we needed!	Stayed at the Travelodge Euston for 3 nights on a London break with wife and teenage daughter.There has been loads of reports on here about check in staff being dis-interested but the girl who checked us in was very polite &amp; helpful.We had a room on the lower ground floor (basement basically) which had advantages and dis-advantages. The advantage was there was no traffic noise at all which many reiewers on T.A. complained of.The disadvantage was the window was sealed so therefore it became very stuffy, there was aircon which obviously wasn't working properly.The hotel location was great. Literally across the road from Euston Station which is only 4 stops from Leicester Square on the tube. Also, outside the station there are various eateries / coffee shops etc and a tip for the blokes - the Doric Arch pub in the station shows the Ashes on large LCD tellies which is where I sloped off to when the women were getting ready for the evening!There is a bar in the hotel which opened til around 11pm which was quite convenient.If anyone needs any info, please feel free to ask &amp; I will glady answer as best I can.	
Jul 14 2009 	One of the better 'budget hotels'	I have stayed here a number of times, both on business and leisure stays.The hotel is what you would expect of a Travel Lodge, and maybe a little more.The location has to be 10/10 (or should I say 5/5) as the hotel is literally a couple of minutes walk from Euston.I have always stayed in a double or twin room, which although on the small side has everything you need (minus the silly toiletries) for a short stay.The hotel is fairly new, the rooms are immaculately clean and furnished in a simple - yet modern style. The rooms are defiantly well double glazed as considering the location, we heard very little noise from outside or other guests.Other than checking in and out I have not had much dealings with the staff, but those I have encountered have been pleasant and friendlyThe only negative experience I have had was earlier this year when we where given the wrong room card, and ended up in somebody else's room. Thankfully we are trustworthy people, but if the card had been in the wrong person's hand it may have posed a security risk, as the guests belongings, including valuables had been left scattered around the room.I have never eaten or drank at this hotel so cannot rate the breakfast service.All in all, I would and probably will be staying in this hotel again in the future.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good Location - that's all	Very good location with train and metro stations nearby. There is no service at all except the clean bend and room. Staffs are also no helpful. You will have to request for the hair dryer soon after checking-in.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good Location Nice Decor Good Service.	My girlfriend and I visited this Travelodge for one night and arrived at 2:50pm. They wanted to charge us £10 extra for early check in, but after they realised the time they waived the charges and handed us the keys. We managed to get hold of a hairdryer from reception, which they insisted we returned before we left, however we forgot (left it in the room) at no consequence.The room was reasonably sized and comfortable took a double bed with easy access on both sides, all the decor was new, there was also a small section where a desk was located and the general tea and coffee making facilities. The rooms main feature was it's flat screen TV however it was located to the left of the bed flush against the wall, a bit inconvenient.The bathroom was nicely fitted and looked clean, however the shower quite powerful and we ended up flooding the bathroom, a glass shower cubicle would have been more practical than a curtain. The shower was the only option, no bath, the shower was double the standard size.I found the staff generally to be quite rude, however I asked abrupt questions and pushed my way to get extra towels and extra pillows, it wasn't too hard, other than the fact that some weren't English, but what do you expect in London?Overall I enjoyed staying here, there where a few things like the cleaner trying to gain access to the room while we wernt even dressed, before the checkout time.. Lucky I locked the room!! Very clean and basic nice design.	
Jun 25 2009 	New Travelodges show what can be done	Having been to many Travelodges all over the country this was the first time I'd been to one that had been built from scratch.What a HUGE difference. This is how all Travelodges should look like.The room was exactly as you'd want it to be. Nice and simple, but very clean, no chipped furniture, perfectly sealed and clean grouted in the bathroom. Air con! Air con? In a Travelodge? Very nice for the muggy evening and not something I've had in much more expensive places.I can now understand why people are concerned about the shower trays in the updated Travelodges as I've only ever had showers in baths in other Travelodges. Not a great design really. Doesn't seem to have anywhere near as much drainage power as a bath so water can build up a bit.Noise-wise I had no problems, this was a Monday night and I was on the second floor, the only odd thing being light coming in from the side of the blind (yes blind not curtain) so no 'dark room'. They have interesting external misted windows, to preserve both your and the flats opposites privacy which is an interesting idea.Location-wise it's great, right next to Euston station and only a few minutes walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras so wherever you are coming from on the underground you'll get back easily.I spent £65 for one night as I left it late to book, you might be able to get a real bargain booking ahead and this is one place I would definitely recommend.To those people mentioning their £10 fee for early and late check-in. I know it's stupid, ridiculous and just a money-making scheme but it's there on the website, you know about it when you book so you can't really be surprised.If Travelodge can upgrade or built more new hotels like this they will get rid of the image that a lot of people have of them.	
Jun 23 2009 	Reasonable price for London	Rooms are functional and clean. Beds comfortable. You can hear the traffic outside but I've experienced worse in London. Didn't hear any noise from other rooms or corridor however and most of the rooms appeared to be occupied.Right next Euston Station and walking distance to Kings Cross/St Pancras. Breakfast not good but filled the gap. Vending machines and payable internet in foyer.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good value for money	Nice room, very convenient for visiting our son at University College. No complaints and would stay again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good location but with unhelpful and abrupt staff	I booked this hotel on a special promotion and paid £49 for one night for my partner and I while we took in a show in the West End. The hotel is very conveniently located directly opposite Euston tube station which makes is very easy to get to and from. There are a handful of places to eat or get food right on the doorstep (including quick eats like Subway and M&amp;S). The hotel itself was very nice, basic, but nice. We arrived at the hotel at approx. 2pm after a long day of traveling, the receptionist had just told the manager that the rooms were all cleaned and ready yet she would not let us go in to the room. I'm not bothered by things like this usually, but the room was vacant and there was no reason why we (and a group of 6 or 7 other guests) couldn't have gone to our respective rooms. In the end we paid the £10 charge to get in the room as we desperately wanted a shower and a bit of a lie down (no, not like that!). The room was fine, it had a bed, a cool bed head/lighting combo, some cupboard space, a small wall mounted TV and a vanity unit. Nothing to complain about, but nothing special either. The bed was incredibly uncomfortable and only had 2 pillows (the low quality kind you get on long-haul flights), and a request for more pillows was never met (but never chased up either, to be fair). The bathroom was very neat, clean and compact. Overall this hotel is great a stay-over and starting block but someone looking for either comfort or quality should probably look elsewhere.	
May 24 2009 	nice hotel but alot of road noise	Better than expected as i have never stayed in a travelodge before so did not know what i would find.Great location ,although a little noisey being right across the road from euston station.The room had everything you could want, for an overnight stay and was very clean ,not at all what i was expecting.I always thought traveloges were dirty and dingy but i could not have been more wrong ,For the price i paid it was a bargain and i would return but i do agree with some other reviews about the charge for early check in it's not right and the check in time should be a little earlier as 3pm is too late.All in all it was a good room for a good price .	
May 24 2009 	pleasantly suprised	We decided to try the Euston Travelodge as it is close to St Pancras International.We just wanted a one night stay in London before catching the Eurostar to Disneyland Paris.When looking for a hotel i prefer to stay in 4 star hotels but the price for this hotel was a forth of the price we were going to pay at the Hilton Metropole so we booked the hotel for £55 for a family room three adults (breakfast not included).We arrived at about 1pm and was told we would have to pay £10 for an early check in if we wanted our room before the 3pm check in time,on principle i would not pay it ,if the room is ready they should allow the guest to check in straight away(free),so we crossed the road to Euston station and had fish and chips at Harry Ramsdens FOR £10.Once we were aloud to check in we had to use our key card to enter the corridors(good security feature) then again to enter our room .After expecting the worst i can honestly say i was pleasently surprised by the room very very clean NO stains on the carpet lovely crisp white sheets ,clean duvet and pillows,lcd tv on wall ,desk and chair (great for using the laptop ).kettle with tea,coffee,sugar, a double bed and a large sofa bed that converts into two singles,one small clothes hanging area (not wardrobe)clean bathroom ,There are vending machines in the hotel if required but with all the places to eat and drink across the road at Euston station (about 15 in total)you can fill up there or pop into Marks and Spencers and take something back to your room .Because we were at the front of the building ,right across the road from Euston station the traffic noise was a little loud even though the windows were closed but we still enjoyed our stay and for the price we paid it was a bargain.I have NO complaints about this hotel except for the check in rule which should be changed after all WE are the paying guest so we should be given some consideration ,at the very least the check in time should be earlier ,about 1pm .We arrived at our disneyland hotel about two hours early and was allowed to check in right away! travelodge take note if they can do it so can you (without charging extra).	
May 12 2009 	Average Travelodge	Stayed here on a £19.00 promo rate and standard Travelodge fare. Its a new build opposite Euston station. Staff not exactly tripping over themselves to be friendly and the 3pm check in rule is rigorously enforced unless you want to pay the £10.00 charge.Was allocated a room on the 2nd floor which faced the back, which is probably a blessing as the ones facing the road, will be noisy. Bendy buses trundle pass every so often from the bus station opposite, plus night buses all throughout the night.Double room was smaller than the usual travelodge rooms that I have stayed in about 12 square metres or so. The room benefits from Air Conditioning, but sadly no option to open the window.Cleanliness was not a plus point here, a few missed spots in the bathroom and behind the toilet and the bathroom was starting to smell rather musty. The same could be said of the corridors. Major problem for the light sleepers amongst you are slamming doors and noise which is clearly audible from the adjacent rooms. The night I stayed, lots of screaming children in rooms and people with TV's at full blast.Given the choice, The City Road Travelodge is better, although the top Travelodge in London remains the one at Southwark. Tip: Avoid any room numbers ending 06-12 on any floor as they are right by the lift and the door which everyone has to pass through to gain access to, so even more slamming of doors.	
May 7 2009 	What more could you want for the price?	Stayed here with a group of eight girls on may bank holiday weekend, I have never been to london before and it looked like I wasn't going to get until I found this budget hotel and read the reviews here on TA.We had two family rooms and one double between us and it worked out at £40 each for Saturday and Sunday night!! Okay its not the ritz but for what we paid we were really delighted and I would definetly recommend this place to anyone on a budget, especially families travelling to London. It is very easy to get to as the tube and buses stopped right outside our door and there were some pubs and restaurants beside the hotel.Just to add sofa bed pulls out into two single beds which may not be clear from photos on here and family rooms have a bath whilst double rooms have a shower	
Apr 21 2009 	Basic good value but please sort out the noisy neighbours Travelodge!	We were travelling in a large family group and booked several rooms at this Travelodge, on a Thursday night, prior to travelling on Eurostar early the next morning. Although not the nearest Travelodge to St Pancras, it is still ideally situated for the Eurostar terminal (10 minute walk) and we had chosen this Travelodge location for our stay based on other travellers’ reviews. There are plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby.Having been recently refurbished, we found our rooms basic but clean and comfortable, exactly as you would hope, and with access to the main corridors being limited to guests, it felt quite secure too. Due to the central London location, we did not expect peace and quiet and this was the case, with the night being punctuated by various sirens and noise from revellers passing by, though the double glazed windows did reduce this to a reasonable level. However, some of us were luckier than others, in that the people in the next-door room of one of our group decided to host an all night party, so they did not get much sleep. We didn’t have breakfast, so can’t comment on that. There is bar in the basement, with a TV, which was ok for a late night drink.Overall, we found this recently refurbished Travelodge to be very good value at £55 per room (pre-booked) and well located for our purposes. If you visit, don’t forget to bring everything you need (eg soap) as the rooms are very basic. It was just a shame that Travelodge staff did not look out for or take action against their noisy guests, for the benefit of the majority who were trying to sleep.	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent - Value For Money / Clean / Location!	We travelled to the London Euston Travelodge in April this year. We stayed for 3 nights as part of a trip to London.If you travel to London by Train, try to get the Virgin services that run through Euston Station. The hotel is right on the doorstep for Euston, and for Kings Cross the hotel is less than 1 mile away, or 5 mins in a taxi.Euston also has a series of bus stops right outside the hotel and the train station, which can take you anywhere in London you want to go to. Euston also has a tube stop taking you right across the city.Now onto the hotel. From the outside it looks like a standard Travelodge. As it is quite a new building the oustide looks tidy and clean. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. Nothing is too much trouble for them, the hotel check in takes a few moments and there are lifts to the rooms for disabled guests. There is a cafe in the lower ground level which serves food/drink.We had a family room, which was easily big enough for 2 adults and 2 children. The rooms are nice and clean, very modern decor and flatscreen TV (Although we didn't use it much). The rooms also have air conditioning. The rooms were cleaned every day with fresh towels and linen.The hotel represents excellent value for money, especially on some of the deals that you can get by booking in advance. We use hotels as a place to park ourselves, we don't tend to spend a lot of time in them. For that end, Travelodge rooms are perfect. It is a no-frills hotel, but if you intend on using it just for a place to sleep like we do, there is nothing wrong with them at all.	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect location. Immaculately clean spacious room.	Our room was - as usual for Travelodge - spotless, minimalist, stylish, with a flatscreen TV on the wall placed so you can only watch it from the bed, unfortunately (when the TVs were on the worktops you could swivel them and watch from the sofa). Wonderful ensuite, spotlessly clean, with shower over the bath, giving the best of both worlds. Plenty of ice-white fluffy towels. Bed extremely comfortable with immaculate, smooth, white linen. The room was very spacious, I guess about 18ft by 12ft. All that's in it is a 5ft (king size) bed and a seven-foot long sofa, hanging space, shelves, one chair. An air-conditioning unit on the wall has remote control. Everything looked new, in excellent condition.In reception there are three vending machines selling ice creams, cold drinks (a can of Coke is 90p so it's not extortionate) and snacks like pot meals, chocolate bars, crisps, also toothbrushes, headache pills and shower gel. Next to these are two internet terminals. The staff were very helpful when a machine went wrong.If you enjoy a bustling city location this is the perfect place to stay.Our 2nd floor room faced the bus stops in front of Euston and although that means traffic all night the double glazing kept out the noise. There are however a lot of police sirens that can be heard, though they are muffled and so didn't keep us awake. You can get to just about anywhere in London using the many buses that stop right outside, or by Tube at Euston or Euston Square. The 91 bus is particularly useful as it takes you to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square.Buy an Oyster card and each journey no matter how far cost you only £1.A huge fry up breakfast at the authentically-shabby Double Six cafe (turn right outside hotel, two minutes' walk) is an amazing £3.10. It's well-patronised by cabbies and bus and train crew, and if it's full there is another a few doors away. The 66 is open 6.30am to 10pm and serve a substantial plate of dinner for £5.Almost opposite is a Marks and Spencer, where you can also get a picnic meal to eat in the room. One evening we picked up hot spit-roast chicken and salad from the Sainsbury Local in Tottenham Court Road (bus 91).There are hot drink making facilities in the room and the staff replenish the tea, coffee, sugar and milk daily.Final morning at 6am we were woken from a deep sleep by the terrifying screeching of the fire alarm -- so loud it made me feel shaky and nauseous. Luckily it was a false alarm but the staff could not switch it off and they did not conduct the drill properly. By 7am we were in the Double-Six eating our breakfast.We paid £100 for four nights (different rates each night) between two people --- it's silly money, really, quite unbelievable: £12.50 per night each! I am baffled why anyone would want to stay anywhere else unless they have so much money they don't mind wasting it, or unless they intend to waste their city break sitting in their room. Or maybe they cannot live one day without a trouser press or gym? Why pay more to stay at a smelly hostel, cramped B &amp; B or a grubby hotel with a bathroom in the corridor shared with the great unwashed?This hotel would always be my first choice when staying in London in the future.	
Apr 12 2009 	No better value in Central London	This Travelodge has the advantage of still being new enough not to have gone downhill. It is basic as with all Travelodge but new and at 1 minute walk from Euston for 1 or 2 nights cannot be beaten for Value	
Mar 30 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!	Was part of a group of friends who were travelling on via Eurostar the next morning. We booked 3 family rooms, which could have slept 3 people easily for an average of £40 per room. For such a central location this represents great value. The hotel is fairly new so still is clean and fresh, something that Travelodges sometimes fail on. It is situated right next to Euston station so is very handy.The area remains fairly noisy all night with plenty of street noise so this can lead to a broken nights sleep.If you are looking for budget accomodation in Central London then this is a really good bet.	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent Value	I have just come back from a weekend in London with my boyfriend and it was fabulous. OK...well ive stayed in many travelodge's before. I would rate this as a 7 out of 10. Firstly, the location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel is under a two minute walk from Euston station and there are many buses across the road if you prefer to travel by bus. When i entered the bathroom of my room, i discovered there was only one towel so had to go and get another. The room was very small and basic, so I would not recommend this hotel if you like big rooms and don't like feeling claustrophobic. However, because I managed to get a special offer through travelodge.co.uk, i can't really complain as i'm a student and can't really afford the ritz! To be honest, you're not really going to be staying much of your room as there are SO many sights to see in London. I would recommend visiting London Zoo and walking through Regent's Park as it has beautiful surroundings and is a nice experience, especially on a nice sunny evening. The highlight of the trip was having a meal at Vertigo 42, which is situated in Tower 42. My boyfriend treated me for an early 21st celebration, and everything was sensational. The food, drink, views from where we were sitting, the service, everything was magic! If you are looking for something to do in London for a special occasion, Vertigo 42 would be the perfect place to go, and if I recommend it, then it must be good!Overall, the 3 nights that we stayed at the hotel were stress-free and would stay here again as its cheap if you book in advance.	
Mar 13 2009 	Fantastic value	I stayed here for 4 nights from a Sunday and really can't find fault with the hotel espcially for £19 a night, most hostels in London are more than this for a dorm bed!! The room is modern though fairly small, it come with a kettle, tea and coffee which is refilled daily, a flat screen tv with the normal 5 channels, film 4, cbeebies and several radio stations, the a/c unit also is a heater and is individually controlled in the room, under the desk there is even a bottle opener! The bathroom is fine and the shower pretty powerful. The only thing I would say is there isnt much space for hanging up clothes. I didn't go down to the cafe bar but I did buy wifi access and found it was a good speed and had no problems with it. Previous reviews mentioned noise, I had room 8 which was on the ground floor but facing on to a grass area away from the road so had no problems with noise apart from a very occasional police siren. The area around the hotel is fine, there are lots of places opposite in Euston station for breakfast and lunch and getting around London is easy as there are lots of buses and ofcouse the underground within an easy walk. There weren't many restaurants or takeaways in the immediate area for dinner that I could find so just took the bus down to the West End. As a single female I felt fine walking around the area at night. St Pancras station is about 10 minutes walk away and the top of Tottenham Court Road is about 10 minutes walk in the opposite direction. Overall for how much I paid it was a fantastic bargain and would stay there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent Location with handy transport links	If their is one thing I have to highlight is the fire alarm only sounds in the hallways, not in the rooms. The alarm sounded twice during my stay and it was not clear enough for it to be identified as such. Other visitors also were confused as to whether it was the hotel fire alarm or an external fire alarm. If you are hard of hearing or a heavy sleeper beware of this. On checkout I confirmed with reception staff that the alarm only sounds in the hallways. Other hotel chains I have stayed at the alarm sounds in the rooms as well. All rooms do have their own fire smoke detector in but this did not even indicate by its flashing lights the hotel alarm was going off. This became obvious by the small amount of stayers mustered in reception.The shower tray was slippy so if you are unsteady on your feet beware. Their is a safe handle but that is it.The flat screen TV has a good selection and includes Film4 and CBEEBIES.Location for the price was perfect with a London bus station across the way to get you around London seeing the sights which you do not see using the tube network. If you want use walkit.co.uk to see the sights on foot which is possible as this Teavelodge is quite central.On the Euston road traffic lights is a PREZZA restaurant if you do not want to walk far for a meal. In the bus station is the DORIC ARCH pub for a pint. Euston station also has shops cash machines etc so you get room supplies inot far away.The hotel basment bar is OK but a bit cafeteria like. Did not have breakfast.I found the hotel staff pleasant and helpful at all timesIf you get a Travelodge deal this location makes a weeks stay in central london very reasonable and affordable for Joe Average watching the pennies in the credit crunch.	
Mar 6 2009 	As Travelodges go I was pretty happy with this one	The thing with Travelodge is that what you can expect/get is fairly bog standard, although some obviously are much better than others. In terms of decor/fittings this one was lovely and smart and clean - well it should be - its new. I've stayed at the Kings Cross travelodge before and I'd choose this new one every time as KX is a bit worn and battered looking now. For £35 a night its a bargain - central London - next to main stations and tube. I didn't find it that noisy and we were facing Euston station. Yes people could see in the window if they looked up, but hey, theres a blind! The bathroom was spotless, the shower was great - very powerful. Enough towels for two people. Basic TV/remote/kettle/tea/coffee. You can ask for stuff like hairdryers at reception and they're happy to give - not overly friendly staff but no issues there. The vending machine for drinks in the lobby was not working - not an issue for me but probably a bit annoying. we didnt have breakfast as I knew what it would be like - just wandered down Tottenham Court Road for a greasy spoon instead. If I paid twice that much I'd still be pretty happy with this particular Travelodge.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great value for money	We wanted clean basic accomadation as we knew we would be out all day.The rooms were exactly what we needed.Spotless room,comfortable bed,flat screen tv with basic channels,tea and coffee.Clean towels.We got the room for £39 so we were very happy as we have never paid so little for a stay in London.We didn't use any other facilities as we didn't book in for breakfast.Great if you are travelling by Train.A taxi or bus is needed after a night in town unless you like walking.	
Feb 16 2009 	Brilliant location	Location - couldn't be better for those arriving by train, especially Euston as it is situated across the road. Also, a 5 minute easy walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras. Therefore excellent for getting around as you are outside a main tube station as well as main line and plenty of buses. As it is so well situated, expect traffic noise. Quality - this is a TL and as such it offers a 'no frills' stay, so don't expect luxury. It is a new lodge so beds were comfy and bathroom sparkling. I personally like the 'white' decor - you can see how clean it is - and this was very clean. Facilities - Someone mentioned the air-con/heater - we had similar problem -arctic temperature in room on arrival as air-con switched on (in the middle of the snow). Manager fixed it, but maybe it looks like a teething problem to be addressed. Room was a decent size for central London and had everything we needed - tea/coffee, TV, adequate sized bathroom with a good ledge for your bits and bobs. Reception - check in was fine for me.Value - on one of their deals, this is top value. However, if I was paying around £100 I would look elsewhere, even if it was just that I could leave my luggage if I arrive before check-in!	
Feb 11 2009 	Handy for the Station	Great location, a minute of so walk away from Euston station. Really handy for the tube and buses. Not much in the immediate area food and drink wise - although the Doric Arch pub at the station entrance did real ale. Hotel rooms are clean, air conditioned and functional. We had a room on the road side of the hotel which was pretty noisy. It might be wise to ask for a room away from the road if possible. Otherwise, as we got a promotional rate on the room, we can't complain at all. Good value for money.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great value	I stayed here for one night with colleagues last week, and would happily stay here again. The hotel is two minutes from Euston station and is a relatively new Travelodge, so the decor is all nice and modern, unlike older ones in their chain!I arrived at 2.30 but was allowed to check in (meant to be 3pm) and my room was on the quiet side of the hotel, literally facing a wall - there was no view from my window, just a wall 3ft away. However, one of my colleagues was on the side facing the road and had to ask to be moved as it was very noisy.I had a small hole in my pillow case (which looked like a cigarette burn) but everything else was pristeen. No bath mat, so the floor of the bathroom got rather wet. My one irritation with this hotel, as with all Travelodges, is that there is no hairdryer provided and I always forget about this until I get out of the shower. However, this is my problem, not theirs...!	
Feb 1 2009 	Excellent Value for the money	Booked the room before Christmas so took advantage of their half price offer and it was a great base. Nice and clean rooms with Tea &amp; Coffee, towels and even soap and if you don't mind walking you don't even need public transport to reach most of the sights and shopping areas. The only negative was the occasional noise through the night from sirens, but this is a City!	
Feb 1 2009 	Travelodge Tops the Lot	What a superb hotel , I have stayed in many travelodges around London and I must say this one was superb.5 mins walk from Kings Cross station , 1 minute from Euston station. Free parking on a side street - so saved myself £30 in car parking charges.Nice looking building, reception was great, quick check in. we stayed in room 26 on the ground floor.The room was big,it was spotless, extra comfy bed, 2 mirrors, great heating and very clean bathroom. I can honestly say this is one of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in.We got a £35 deal which made it extra special , this hotel is in a great location for getting around. £15 in a taxi to get back after going out clubbing. We stayed in London a few weeks ago and paid £160 a night to stay in a well known 4* hotel at Marble Arch in which it felt like you were in a shoe box. Well Travelodge you knock spots off that hotel, ok you dont have fancy bars and restuarants but you do have great rooms which is what its all about.We have even booked to stay there for Easter weekend and a £35 a night you cant go wrong.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Travelodge	Great new travelodge, I have stayed in some really tatty ones.We had a room on the 3rd floor, it was lovely and warm and above all quiet.Excellent location and just over half mile from Camden which is very convenient for me.Also managed to find some on street parking and it was free as it was a weekend.Will definitely stop here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	good value	Spent 2 nights at the Travelodge Euston in late December. very handy for trains, buses etc. A bit noisy but would recommend it for the price.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good price new hotel next to main road	We booked a double room for 3 nights in December paying £19.00 a night. The hotel seemed pretty new, not one of the old grubby Travelodge’s.We were in room 115, it was pretty small but was fine for us, it had make up area, plenty of storage space and although the wash room was small, the shower was really powerful and always had hot water. There was a flat screen TV and kettle in the room. The room was cleaned everyday.The bed was quite comfy though sloped a bit towards the middle. The main disturbance was the noise from the road outside. Buses. They run until about 2 in the morning and start up again at 6, if you’re a light sleeper DONT BOTHER STAYING HERE, the first night for me wasn’t brilliant but for the rest of the stay I was fine and seemed just to get used to it.The main reason for staying here was the convenience, it’s a 1 minute walk to Euston station and underground.All in all I would have no problem going back to this hotel but wouldn’t pay the full price £90 per night for it, you best just keeping an eye on the website and dropping on a deal.	
Jan 1 2009 	Convenient but a bit noisy.	The hotel is on a corner with two major bus routes running past. We stayed on the first floor and the sound of the buses was pretty obtrusive. The room was clean and warm. This chain of hotels is a basic one so don't expect luxury. There are a couple of small family run cafes nearby for breakfast. The location is ideal for sight seeing central London as you are right next to Euston station and about ten minutes walk from Kings Cross.	
Dec 3 2008	No Heating!!	Stayed here for a couple of nights and had to change room 4 times before finding a room with working heating!! the rooms were like fridges and some were very noisy due to the 24hr bus route outside which shakes your room. Rooms were quite small but ok. bathroom had a nice shower but annoying curtain which was useless and resulted in the batroom floor being flooded each time.Breakfast was ok and staff were very nice, location in terms of seeing london is great and only 5 mins walk from Eurostar terminal	
Nov 21 2008 	terrible location on v noisy street	The location of the rooms in this hotel are so bad it verges on inhumane. My room was on ground level (so possibly others are slightly better) at the junction of what must be one of London's busiest bus routes. The room shook throughout the night from passing trafffic.There were things the hotel could have done to compensate some of the location issues, but didn't due to budget cutting. For example, the roll down blind did not cover the window fully so traffic and street lights kept the room lit on an irregular basis throughout the night, adding to the discomfort. AVOID.	
Nov 9 2008 	very poor service	We come to london each year for a long shopping weekend and look forward each year to this weekend. Its the first and last time we will stay at this particular travelodge,the reception were very unwelcoming on arrival and it went down hill from there. Our bedroom was at the front of the hotel, which is directly on the main road and directly opposite the firestation, so v. noisy, not helped by the apparent lack of double glazing.We had to ask for towels,pillows,tea coffee etc and were made to feel uncomfortable each time asking for these, the television remote control took 2 days to arrive even though we were promised it would be 5mins each time we asked, and when it did eventually arrive it didnt work. we received the same attitude from the receptionist, and overall poor service from reception whilst checking out, and will never use this particular branch again.	
Oct 31 2008 	Cheap and cheerful	My two sisters and I stayed in this travel lodge for one night whilst we were visiting London to watch Dirty Dancing in the West End. The hotel was directly opposite London Euston tube and trian station which meant that we didn't have to carry our overnight bag very far. The reception staff were a bit abrupt but we were checked in very quickly. The rooms are quite basic but were very clean, comfortable and had a nice flat screen television on the wall. All in all, very good value for money as we only paid £40 between the 3 of us and that included our breakfast!!!	
Oct 27 2008 	A little antiseptic bubble	I usually stay in the Travel Inn just a little ways over Euston Road which is a fairly bustling hotel with a nice bar and restaurant area overlookning the street. It was full for this visit and so i opted for this one as location is virtually identical. It was a weird experience from the off. i arrived at about 8.15 pm and couldn't find anyone to book me in, after about 3 or 4 minutes someone turned up and said that as he was the barman he couldn't take bookings. Eventually someone (the hotel manager?) turned up and we proceeded to jhave a starnge converstaion about what I couldn't have or couldn't do. Can i get a meal? No, we only have a bar. Could I have a wake up call? No, we don't do them. Couldn't you just programme the phone? No, there are no phones.Basically don't expect very much in the ways of basics, never mind extras which at £105 a night was a bit poor I thought. The corridor to my room wouldn't really allow for 2 people to pass with ease and the bedrooms are small. I had a window out onto....another window of some sort which was about 2 feet away (ground floor room). It was clean and very white, it felt like being in an antiseptic bubble.To be fair to the hotel (having explored it's website a bit more), it sells itself as a no frills hotel, however it had less frills than I expected.Breakfast was OK but I had to part with an extra fiver. my recommendation is to head for the Premier Travel Inn across Euston Road if you have the opportunity.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great location great stay great hotel!	My friend and I booked a family room back in January of this year, well in advance for our October stay to see a west end show. We got the super saver rate of £29 for a family room and actually booked and paid before the hotel had finished being built/renovated. The sign on the front desk when we arrived said “RATE - £105”. We felt very happy indeed with our £15 each bargain!Let me first start by saying that the hotel is a mere two minutes from Euston station/underground and about five minutes from Euston Sq underground. Very convenient indeed and you don’t have to haul your luggage very far. The surrounding area is clean and pleasant – the hotel is on the opposite corner from a lovely park.Check in was very quick and hassle free. A young gentleman called Kaleem (if I remember rightly), checked us in and was very helpful. We were allocated room 324 and told that the lift on the right was the one which went up to our floor. In the reception area you will find a snack machine (crisps, chocolate, cookies etc as well as toiletries), a drinks machine (Coke, water, etc) and an ice cream machine (Mmmmm, little Ben &amp; Jerry tubs as well as Magnums etc) – all reasonably priced! There is also a coffee machine there.We went up to our room and found we had been allocated one at the front of the hotel. It was very big for London standards and was a little less basic than the Travelodges I have been to before. For a start, there were plenty of towels, sheets, pillows and tea and coffee making things so no need to ask for any additional. They do kit the room out fully to accommodate the 4 guests it can sleep. Everything else was present and correct – flat screen wall mounted TV, kettle &amp; 4 cups, an area to hang clothes and store shoes/bags etc, a chair and desk with wall mirror that lit up, and the usual Travelodge bed with the headboard that consists of small inbuilt shelves and bendy, adjustable lights as well as controls to the main lights.Being at the front of the hotel and on a very busy road, outside noise was fully expected and inescapable. But my friend and I took earplugs and it was no problem whatsoever. I gave my friend the double bed and tuned the sofa bed into a single bed for me – using the two other quilts to make it smug and comfy and it worked a treat! Very restful nights sleep indeed for both of us.The bathroom was fab – everything is still very new so it was shiny, clean and spacious. You get your one tiny bar of complimentary soap so remember to take your own stuff. The water was always hot, the shower pressure good for washing off a busy day out in the city.Breakfast was in the café/bar on the lower ground floor. For £5.25 my friend and I ate toast, cereal, muffins, croissants…..drank tea, apple juice and ice cool water. We took our time and watched the news as we had breakfast and we got our monies worth!! The girl working downstairs was lovely and helpful – just the like rest of the staff, including the guy who checked us out who made sure we had enjoyed our stay and were happy with it.I just want to stress – this is a Travelodge. Their hotels are based on being basic but clean accommodation and having a comfortable bed and a decent bathroom. All of which is present and correct at Travelodge Euston. Reading some of the negative reviews on here I am not quite sure what people expect as most Travelodges are pretty much the same country wide?All in all, a great stay at a great price in a great area. If you know what to expect there is no reason why you can’t get the very best out of this hotel and take advantage of their advance super saver deals.A few tips for travellers booking to stay for West End shows on The Strand : hop on the underground at Euston and get the central (black) line to Charing cross. From there you have a 5 minute (if that!) walk to the Strand and the Adelphi theatre, the Vaudeville, Savoy etc. There are a bunch of lovely theatre restaurants nearby. We ate at The Salieri which was £20 each for main course, desert and coffee and including 12.5% service charge and a decent tip. Great value, fantastic atmosphere and lovely, friendly waiters and owner. Book in advance if you can.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great value hotel for a short stay	We stayed at the Travelodge Euston for 2 nights in September. We arrived at St Pancras and it was about a 5-10 minute walk from the station to the hotel. The hotel was very easy to find, it is directly across from the Euston underground stop, which makes for very convenient travel connections. Check in was quick, though we found that there was rarely someone at the reception desk, you seemed to have to wait a little for a staff member to arrive, no big deal. We asked for a quiet room &amp; were put on the 2nd floor. The hallways of the hotel were quite narrow. The room was clean, a bit on the small side (which was expected), there was one chair, and a long shelf that went along one wall. The TV had 4 or 5 channels, which was perfectly fine as there is too much to do in London to spend your time watching tv!The only real problem I had with the hotel room was the shower. The shower curtain was pretty flimsy and not quite long enough, so water got onto the bathroom floor from the shower fairly easily.I booked the room with Travelodge directly for a bargain 29 pounds a night! I noticed at check in that the rack rate was 105 pounds a night. I don't think I would pay that for the room. The room might start to feel a bit on the small side for a long stay (and the shower would probably be a bit annoying), but for a few night stay in London with convenient transport links closeby, especially at the price we paid, it can't be beat!	
Sep 25 2008 	Absolutely brilliant	We stayed at the Travelodge Euston for 2 nights in August to celebrate my birthday. It was lovely. The reception staff are so helpful -offered us extra coffee and pillows. The breakfast is ok - not what we expect but adequate. Great location for tube stations and main railway station. Room was extremely clean and the power shower is brilliant. We were on the ground floor and there was no noise at all. Have already booked for New year. Highly recommended and excellent value for money.	
Sep 12 2008 	Euston Travelodge	It was very handy, we walked from kings cross with kids and bags, The room was tidy, aircon good, nice shower, Decent eat as much as you wank brekkie, not full english, but still worth the fiver, Helpfull staff, very nice, we was low ground, it was very quietKettle, and cups so can do a drinkDownside, got there a bit early, and wanted to leave after 12, had to pay £20 to leave bagsHotel bar was shut fri and sat night, when we went back about 10pmNothing to do in the hotel, and no meals, bar brekkie, but down the eversholt rd, say 100 metres, is a great cafe, very nice, and cheap, looks a bit rough, but worth going in!!Lovery grub, we had tea there both nights!	
Aug 19 2008 	A great value surprise	Wanted a decent and relatively cheap hotel near St Pancras for a weekend stay, this is not easy. Found this hotel through the travelodge site and as well as being cheaper than any alternative in the area it was really nice. Its a new hotel so everything is shiny new at the moment, rooms were nicely furnished and a reasonable size and clean. I was concerned about noise as my room was ground level, but it was far quieter than other hotels in the area I have stayed in, as in it was quiet. You cannot fault the location opposite Euston Station, ten minutes from St Pancras and Kings Cross plus numerous tube stations. I pre booked the breakfast which was £4.70, its nothing to write home about, self service cereals, yoghurts, pastries, juice, coffee and the breakfast room is non too glam, but for the price its fine. Unless work is paying I will not hesitate staying here again,just remember its a travelodge not the ritz.	
Aug 19 2008 	On The Small Side	Had a comfortable 2 night stay at the Euston Travelodge which is one of the newest in London. It has a great location and the rooms are modern with funky lighting and a flat screen TV but extreamly small even by London / Travelodge standards. The rooms do have AC but the windows do not open at all so this makes AC essential.	
Aug 18 2008 	Noisy but ok	Spent 2 nights here. Offered LG floor room on arrival, but window opened, even when &quot;locked&quot;! Not very secure. Moved to another (1st) floor at our request. This room was right next to the traffic lights and quite noisy. Air con squirted water at you, too...novel feature! Had booked early for £29 though, so overall, fine for the money. Central enough for the usual attractions too. NCP car park was quite some way away though. Careful you don't stray into congestion charge zone, when dropping off luggage/checking in...hotel is right on the edge of it.	
Aug 16 2008 	Ok For A Stop Over	We booked into this hotel as we came through from Edinburgh on the train and was arriving at Kings Cross Station so needed somewhere close by to be able to just crash for a night before flying out the following day.Although the hotel is very new we enjoyed it here, although not here long enough to comment - but found the staff helpful and found out everything that we needed to know.I don't think I would be happy about paying extra money to store luggage as we were on an around the world trip that would of annoyed me (as per other comments) - but fortunately we did check in after 3pm so did not expierence this problem.Would stay here again, but only as a stop over, as rooms very small but then you have to expect that for London hotels unless paying big $$$$.	
Aug 12 2008 	Smelly Room	The room was a typical standard Travelodge room, however as soon as we entered the room we noticed a horrible overpowering damp smell. The floor next to the bathroom was soaking wet. When we complained we were told it was caused by leaking Aircon units. (The wet floor was no-where near the aircon unit). They had no spare rooms so had to endure the smell, however the very helpful manager did give us a full refund the next morning. Good customer service.	
Aug 8 2008 	Good for basic hotel	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel and found that it had all that we needed though a telephone in the room would have been useful. The room was clean, the bed quite comfortable, the outside noise didn't bother us though the slamming of the internal fire doors was annoying late at night. The main issue we had with this hotel was the very late check in time - 3pm - and the charge of 10 pounds if you wanted to check in early, even if a room was available. Then no offer of a luggage room.	
Aug 1 2008 	Ok on the cheap for a night or two	The hotel was clean and new and not too far for us to walk to from Kings Cross.Got the room for £49 on a super saver deal luckily.We also found it annoying that they have nowhere to hold luggage and charged us £10 to check in early to room that was ready anyway! We had a quiet room although the windown did not open and has a horrible frosted screen over it to stop you being able to see out of it!I wouldn't want to pay full price for a room there but for £45 it was bearableWhy do travelodges always have those nasty thin pillows though!!!	
Jul 23 2008 	Disappointed	I had read the reviews prior to staying here and figured how bad could it be.While it was very clean, our room had a strange odor. It was also one of the tiniest rooms I have stayed in. It was a bit on the noisy side but my real complaint was their unwillingness to hold our luggage. We had to pay over 6 pounds (12 dollars or so) for my small bag to be held across the street at the train station. I thought that was a courtesy all hotels offer.We only stayed one night and were not impressed. I paid close to $200 for the room and definitely think it was not worth it at all.	
Jul 15 2008 	Perfectly OK budget hotel (just ask for a quiet room)	We have just spent 3 nights at the Travelodge Euston. I had booked a family room as originally there were three of us travelling although one person later dropped out. I was very apprehensive after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor but in fact it was fine. Upon arrival I asked for a quiet room at the back on a high floor and was told that all the family rooms are either in the front of the hotel or in the basement. We opted for the basement although, having seen comments about it here, I was rather nervous. Reception staff were pleasant and one woman in particular, who seemed to be in charge, was very anxious that we should be happy with the room and went to inspect it herself before we were given it. The room was a good size, looking out on to a little path which I think is private and part of the hotel property and an apartment building opposite. It had a bed and sofa bed (although my daughter said this was a little on the hard side), flat screen TV, coffee/tea, kettle, etc. and a decent bathroom. It was quiet, with only the occasional very distant siren or rumbling of a train disturbing the peace. As far as I can see, the main difference between this hotel room and a more upmarket one is the lack of mini bar, cable TV and telephone (none of which are particularly important to me) and the furnishings being more basic than in, say, a 4 star. Everything was clean and fresh, the room was cleaned every morning and fresh towels and coffee, etc. were provided. All staff members with whom we had any contact were friendly and polite. This is clearly a budget option - but a very pleasant one. Would I stay again? Yes, if I could get the Saver rate. For the full rate, which I think is around £90, then I would look for something a bit more luxurious.	
Jul 8 2008 	Basi noisy accommodation	You know what you are getting with a Travelodge, and this one was ideal for me in terms of location (next to Euston station, and near University College London). The room itself was ok - usual standard, but next to a main bus route it was incredibly noisy from about 5am. There also seemed to be problem with a water leak in the room, making part of the carpet damp. Breakfast (extra) was ok by travelodge standards, but you would be better at the Costa Coffee accross the road. I booked in advance and got the place cheap, but didn't feel i have value for money.	
Jul 4 2008 	Avoid	Avoid this hotel if you wish to sleep at all.This must be the noisiest hotel around, it is right outside Euston station on a very busy road with minimal sound insulation, the air con sprayed water over the bed, light didnt work, mirror broken and bathroom tiling damaged. You would expect more from a brand new hotel.The staff were surly and not very helpful, if you must stay in this area there are better hotels available.	
Jul 3 2008 	Beware lower ground floor rooms	Very clean but very plain,we only had 2 days and were on the Lower Ground flooror the basement for secuity the windows are locked down and you do not get a keymy wife had the fun of coming out of the shower and having a passing tradesman look into the room you only get what you pay forwhen booking in and you key number starts LG hand it back andask for another room also the room doors are VERY heavy and if you are in anyway infirm you will never get them open	
Jul 2 2008 	new hotel	Stayed 1 night in room LG 10.Asked for a quiet room at check in. Reception asked if we would mind the basement with no view. I wanted to be able to sleep some where quiet, so we chose the basement. Couldn't open window but the A/C worked well. Family room with 1 double 1 sofa bed and a pull out bed. Not much hanging space. Plenty of tea/coffee. Hair dryer and iron available from reception.Cafe/bar also in basement., but didn't use.Clean hotel,maybe cos new, staff pleasant and helpful. No curtain ,pull down blind instead. Quiet enough, distant rumble of tube. but no problems. Good deal £29 Sunday night.	
Jul 1 2008 	Noisy!	Now it's difficult to know how to rate this one because it is a brand new Travelodge and therefore it is very clean, modern, airconditioned, comfy bed etc. so in that respect it is better than a lot of the older ones. However the room was very small. Also our room was on the first floor facing the road. And it was VERY noisy all night (Sunday!) There were buses running past our window and boy could you hear them! I kept waking up throughout the night as the sound was so loud I thought there was a missile attack.... There were lots of sirens too and I discovered in the morning we were facing a fire station!!!!I would not stay here again as neither of us could sleep (even my partner who normally sleeps through anything!) Left us exhausted the following day.	
Jun 24 2008	Great Location and Great Value	Stayed here for a long weekend earlier this month. The location was fantastic, knew it was close to Euston but hadnt expected it to be literally next to it - a big plus not having to use the tube with luggage. The room was on the second floor, was bright, airy and had the bonus of air conditioning which i usually find lacking in Travelodges. Being a brand new hotel everything in our room was shiny and worked well, i see other people had a few problems but our room was fine. It was on the noisy side as we hadnt asked for a higher floor or at the rear of the hotel, but thats to be expected on a busy road, we had earplugs so it didnt really bother us. I would ask for a higher floor or a room at the rear next time though. We didnt eat breakfast there as there was a little cafe round the corner that was great value and offered more choice. I stayed here with my husband and daughter, like Cal28 we were also there for the weekend, don't suppose you saw the Foo Fighters too Cal28 seeing as you mention Wembley and looks like it was the same weekend? The hotels position makes it great to get anywhere in London, we used both the tube and the buses and had an absolutely fantastic weekend. I always find Travelodges sufficient for value for money breaks, we got 3 nights for less than 1 night in another hotel and yes we didnt have shower gels etc, but i prefer my own anyway. I did borrow the iron and ironing board and the staff i found to be very helpful. The chambermaids were indeed keen but they were polite and would come back later if necessary. We knew prior to going there was no left luggage as it states that on the website, we were lucky however as arrived just as check in was allowed and left for our train home when we had to vacate the room. I would recommend this hotel and would definatley use it again...if we got a good price, i wouldnt however pay the £110 rack rate, if i were going to pay that i would stay in a hotel that does have those extra luxuries in the bathrooms!	
Jun 20 2008 	Call me a snob but.....	It was dire. I stayed with 2 colleagues on a business trip. It was the first time we stayed in this hotel and hopefully the last! My room was large as it was a disabled room but in the basement so my view was the bottom step and a wall. To be fair it was clean but the facilities could have been miles better. One small soap, a kettle and a TV was about the lot. My colleague’s rooms were even worse. Small, dark and on the ground floor so although constantly aware of the never ending buses and passers by they had to keep the blinds shut to avoid people looking in. I am told that the buses are reliable as the seemed to be running all night and they even got a couple of knocks on the window for good measure. The bar was deserted and you would think for £95 per night you would at least get the limited continental breakfast that was offered but it appears that we and a fair few others were not privilege to this and so it was off to the greasy spoon down the road. Finally, I must comment on the staff who excelled in hostility and impoliteness - it really was a treat all round!	
Jun 14 2008 	Go to Premier Inn instead!!!	I recently stayed at Travelodge Euston with my teenage daughter and we found it completely unsatisfactory. As we arrived in London at 6 am we were appaled to find that we could not store our luggage anywhere and were forced to carry several heavy suitcases around with us until check in at 3 o'clock. We also had the same problem when it came time to check out as our departure from London was not until 12 midnight.The room was very small and there was no space to hang up clothes, store bags etc. There were not the usual necessary appliances, such as shower gel and a hair drier, which are found in almost every hotel. The shower curtain was too small so the bathroom floor flooded and the hand wash soap was very minimal. As the hotel is new i expected the furniture and appliances to be up to the highest standard and undamaged but i found that my toilet seat had been broken in half and had not been replaced. This was very inconvenient and made using this facility rather unpleasent. As my room was on the first floor it was very noisy during the night.Breakfast was minimal and had no selection. Also there was not much seating areas.The location was fine as it was just across the road from Euston Station.I sincerely wish that i had opted to stay at Premier Inn as i find its service 100% satisfactory and has a great value for money.	
Jun 13 2008 	Better than your average Travelodge	Chose this hotel as we just wanted a stopver and had an early train the following day.Hotel was new and modern, bed was very comfortable and if you request a room on the back of the hotel there is hardly any traffic noise but no view.Five minutes away from St Pancras and Euston tube station on the northern line, so into Central London in ten minutes.Not everything was perfect though. As in previous reviews for Travelodge, we were given a room that was already occupied, and our bedroom door would not shut properly without having to slam it shut.The chambermaids was also very keen and knocked twice before 9.30am to see if our room was free.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great for the price	The location couldn't have been better, right by Euston so great that you don't have to struggle with luggage on the Tube.It looked liked it had just been refurbished, although our room smelled slightly of damp it was clean in every visible way.The main bad point we found is that there is NO LUGGAGE ROOM. We had to pay £10 to check in early and couldn't keep the room past 12 when we checked out. Luckily Euston has a luggage service but at £13 for 2 pieces it can add quite a bit to the weekend if you do it both ways.We went to see a concert, it was a direct line to Wembley Park from Euston Square and even coming home it was very well organised. Great for a weekend, whatever you go to London for.	
Jun 7 2008 	Liked the London Travelodge	We stayed for one night on our way to disneyland.the location was terrific, right outside of Euston and a five minute walk from St Pancras for us.The room was spacious, bigger that City Road travelodge, and the a/c a benefit.It was noisy, but with the window closed on a sunday night, fine for us.we didnt stay for breakfast so cant comment.For £29, i thought it was a bargain.	
Jun 5 2008 	Avoid	I have recently stayed in this Travelodge and I am very disapointed.I stayed in a family room which sleeps up to four people and could not beleive that there was only one small area with a few hangers to store clothing items forcing you to live out of your case. The air con unit spared water out onto our bed as soon as it was turned on, we asked for no maid service one day as my wife was unwell and stayed in the room. They ended up coming twice in the same day AND ended up throwing away some of our food!! My final gripe is that at 8.00am drilling began on the exterior of the building waking myslef and my wife up.All in all this could be the worst city accomidation I have ever stayed in.	
May 31 2008 	Good value central London hotel.	We have just got back from a 1 night stay at the Travelodge London Euston after attending a concert at Arsenals Emirates stadium and found it to be generally an ok hotel. We paid £49 from the travelodge website and for that got a decent sized room that was very clean. The furnishings are very minimalist and basic but you get what you are paying for. It had space for hanging clothes, spare pillows and towels and tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom is a good size and very bright. Their is also an air conditioning unit. The staff we encountered at the front desk were friendly.The location of the hotel is great, close to the tube, over ground trains and bus routes. Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street are within walking distance. The cons of the hotel are the noise levels from the streets below. It is central London so I didn't expect it to be quiet but I would've thought, with it being a new hotel and in such a busy location, they would've insulated the windows better. Also our 3rd floor room was overlooked but had no sheer curtains to give us any privacy, so as soon as we arrived we had to close the blind and shut out the beautiful sunshine. Also, as someone else mentioned, only one of the lifts goes up to the 3rd floor and it is invariably the other lift that turns up when called. All in all this is a good value for money, central London hotel and I would recommend it to anyone travelling on a budget.	
May 30 2008 	New and getting there...	As this is a very new hotel its to be expected that some things are not quite 100%.I arrived and they couldn't find my booking, but once I produced the confirmation they did so I guess the little english that the reception staff spoke had something to do with that.Everything okay with the room, basic enough just for sleeping, no noise except from occasional people in the corridor. Shower - no bath.My only gripe was the breakfast, Its only continental, and very basic at that. From what I gather they have the facilities to enhance on it but are waiting on staff. I don't think its worth the cost even for paying in advance.	
May 25 2008 	Do NOT stay at Travelodge London Euston	Hi,I stayed in the Travelodge Euston with my girlfriend in the middle of May. I do NOT recommend staying here.As this is a new hotel there are still several problems with the place. The first room we were in (room 308) leaked water and some of my girlfriends clothes got wet. They changed room for us but didn't offer to help get her clothes dry or anything.Only one of the two lifts goes to the third floor which we were on. This lift broke down while we were there and we were forced to use the stairs. Also, when the lifts were working, when you pressed the lift button, it always seemed that is was the lift that only went to the second floor that opened.The breakfast is very basic compared to other hotels. Also, the don't have lactose free milk and the first assistant manager refused to get any for us. The other manager the next morning did, so she was much more helpful.When we checked out we didn't need to fly out until that evening and asked if we could keep our luggage in a storage place, but there was a problem - this hotel has NO storage place. Both me, my gf and another group of 4 people all complained to the manager at the same time, and only because we kicked up a fuss did they put our luggage in their office.I would recommend staying at the Premier Inn Euston nearby. This is where we stayed when we were in London the first time around. The staff there are helful, rooms very clean and spacious and the breakfast is excellent.	
May 18 2008 	Not bad so long as they sort out the cleaning.	Still very new and teething problems might be expected. Room basic but adequate. Air-conditioning a major plus. Reception and breakfast staff good but bar staff struggling. My room was quiet apart from the odd tube train rumble and some noise from the corridor as other residents went to bed, TV has more channels than a normal travelodge but shower curtain too short. Breakfast basic and boring but OK. Location great.Major problem is the cleaning - even though it was brand new there were signs that the cleaning was not being done properly &amp; the hotel could deteriorate fast if the housekeeping is not sorted at once.On a plus side, there has been a drastic shortage of hotel beds and many competitors have put prices up by as much as £200! Premier were over £250 a night. Travelodge have not, so far, engaged in this profteering. Long may they continue.	
May 16 2008 	adequate stay.	Pretty new so as one would expect quite fresh and clean.V basic but ideal for one or two night stay. No facilities for storing luggage on early arrival but will charge £10.00 for a room to store luggage in. Not good.Good site for central London facilities.	
May 16 2008 	Promises promises	I booked the brand new TL at Euston for a business trip trusting that it being new I would not get the problems I have had with other TL venues.It is of course, in a great location right next to Euston station and the modernist beaten copper exterior suggested the firm has made an effort here.Once inside you are getting your basic Travelodge offer - simple, basic, clean rooms. The rooms themselves are fine. The modern wood fittings are a nice touch as are the flat screen tvs and flourescent backlit headboards. As a minimalist the whole get-up appealed to be honest.I didn't try the bar/cafe although I was told only continental breakfast was available so I headed across the road for a Premier Inn good-value full-breakfast (I am not sponsored by Whitbread, honestly).The staff are also pretty friendly here.Now the bad bits:a) you'd think someone would have thought of avoiding placing guest rooms on the ground floor next to one of the busiest side streets in London (double deckers, bendy buses, cabbies not to mention scores of curious pedestrians walking by). These rooms are also right on the pavement and the net curtains afford very little privacy with the room lights on!b) To be fair I asked to be moved and was allowed to to a much better room (although I always carry earplugs anyway).c) The shower is neat (once you have mastered the seemingly inadequate curtain to stop it dripping out of the tray) but I had to BOIL water to have a shave in the sink because the tap was running cold!d) TL emailed me for a review but the link was broken. Tch!Summary - decent and very good value for central london if you can avoid getting a room on the street.	
May 14 2008 	Below average and NOISY!	Stayed here for one night in May, 2008 (just a few days after it had opened apparantely - and this was obvious!).The rooms are very small, lack bedside tables (maybe because it's so new) and nobody should be using shower curtains these days.The hotel is right opposite Euston Station, which I thought would be a good thing, but unfortunately is on a very busy road and all night I was awoken by buses and lorries driving by. The windows don't open so I don't know why their insulation is so bad.Also unhappy that I was charged £10 for early check-in.Would recommend the Premier Inn or Ibis - both just a few minutes walk away.	
May 13 2008 	A welcome addition to the Travelodge group.	This hotel is less than a week in operation so the freshness is evident throughout. The location is very good being just beside Euston Station and it is a 20 minute walk from Oxford St. I had just transferred from the Travelodge Farringdon where it was almost impossible to sleep due to the temperature in the rooms. (Hurry up and install some AC please!!). To really cheer everybody up the hotel had to be completely evacuated at 1:30 AM when the fire alarm went off. There was no fire evident so it may have been somebody flaunting the &quot;No Smoking&quot; policy which is the norm in almost all hotels now. Anyway, back to Travelodge Euston. While the interior is standard Travelodge decor, the outside is very modern. The rooms have all that the average guest could ask for. Power shower, Tea/coffee making facilities, flat-screen TV etc., and that all-important Air Conditioning. London was a baking 27 degrees so it was so nice to get back to the comfort and coolness of the room. My room window (handle missing already!!) was small and had a further layer of frosted glass about a foot away from the building which left the room rather dark even in sunny conditions. This is probably a design feature geared to allow privacy from windows opposite. At £29 for sunday night and £49 for monday night it was a fantastic deal for this new centrally located hotel. I had a few minor problems with the Keycard and had to get it reprogrammed twice which was no big deal as the hotel is only a few storeys high and I was on the first floor. Any new building will have a few teething problems. I was very happy with my stay and I am back there again in June for three nights.	
