May 25 2009 	A very nice hotel with great new beds and linens.	I must say I was a little concerned after reading the negative reviews, however; I found the hotel very lovely. The new bed was the best I have every slept on in a hotel and the new linens were beautiful. I must say, some of the Marriott's properties I haved stayed at in the U.S. were not as nice. I found the staff to be very helpful and attentive. My only concern is that the bathroom needed updating and the towels needed to be bleached as they were quite tired looking. I must say we found a wonderful restaurant about a block from the hotel.It is called the Queen's Cottage Cafe &amp; Restaurant. The address is 235 Maida Vale. My husband &amp; I ate there once every day for our eight day stay. All the food is good, but I especially like their pancakes. They are wonderful as is there coffee! Eveything is reasonably priced. Give them a try, I don't think you will be disappointed. If you remember when you go, tell them Dorothy from Dallas recommened them to you.	
Apr 7 2009 	Bed bug nightmare! Never again!	Absolutely awful stay, i stayed her for four nights due to business. The room i stayed in was dingy and dirty. Selt of sewage and the underground tube went straight under this hotel making the stay very noisy and difficult to sleep! The curtains were a thin sheet and held up with sellotape. The carpet was stained and dirty. Not much of a kitchen and I wont even go into how gross the shower room was except that the drain in there had a sewage smell rising every now and ten.I stayed here just before christmas, I came home covered in bites. 105 to be precise. I had to visit the hospital on christmas eve as i had a bad reaction to the saliva from the bed bugs. I am still suffering now as I had brought some home. Had to have a professional pest control person in costing £300. What a nightmare.. never ever go here. I would recommend to anyone that its cheap for a reason!!	
May 21 2008 	Get me out of here!	I think the stars have fallen off somewhere. I'm booked in for three nights and I'm quite happy to lose all my money if I can find somewhere else! Room is incredibly small, &quot;shower&quot; is just a showerhead poking out of the wall in the tiny cubicle bathroom, bathroom concetina door doesn't close. No fire escape instructions on the back of the room door and with the tiny winding corridors it's the first time I've ever actually wanted to look at this info.Kitchen is a unit the size of the average refrigerator (which is fine as I didn't realise it was &quot;self catering&quot; when I booked so I'm not interested in using it).Internet access is not working, and staff were completely unhelpful about finding an alternative. In fact staff attitude is very much one of we've got your money what are you going to do about it.Maid &quot;service&quot; entered my room without knocking.Walls are the thickness of tissue paper - could hear a conversation as clearly as tho it was in the room with me. And the icing on the cake - the pipes seem to be behind my head, I can hear all the water going through whenever anyone in the hotel goes to the bathroom and even better, as the water goes through I can smell sewerage!!!!! Unsurprisingly staff couldn't care less about this.	
Sep 21 2007 	dont stay here!	Most of the things stated on their homesite is not true: Definintly not a three star hotel, a most a two star!Not newly furnished, in fact its a worn-down hotel in dire need of a total renovation.The rooms are very small and crowdedHotel has no restaurang, there is a small breakfast room in the basement, which you can get to by using the tiny elevator.Room smelled of mould, had to sleep with open windows to stand it. Telephone didnt work, toilette is leaking water, then taking a shower, water is running into the hotelroom soaking the floorcarpet with waterStaff is indifferent to complaints, downright rude.Management dont care.Summary:If YorkHotel cant take care of their customers, someone else will!Never again this dump!	
Jan 23 2007 	What an Awful Experience	Pros: It was cleanCons: Everything elseFree Wifi? A lie. The person at the front desk just shrugged his shoulders in indifference.Free English breakfast? Another lie. Toast, butter, and lukewarm tea. I had to leave very early for a meeting and asked if I could have breakfast a half hour early. &quot;Impossible&quot; I was toldThe room was dark and dangerous. one had to ascend three steep stairs through a 2 ft wide opening to get to the bathroom. Don't fall here or it will mean your life.I was next to the stairs - which people ran up and down the entire night.It was loud - people listening to bad Brit pop at 3 AMThere was a high class tv in the room - but only 2.5 channels. Nice....The whole experience at this hotel is like having a lobotomy in a foreign country.	
Jul 11 2006	damp smelly room with poor service...stay away	I booked into this hotel due to the low price and because some reviews said that they had OK rooms. Also, I called before and they said they had free Internet.I arrived at the hotel and was the guy at the counter left me standing for at least five minutes while he finished a call with a friend on the phone. When he finally acknowledged that I was waiting for him, he checked me in and gave me a room in the basement. I asked if it had Internet access and was told yes. I went down to the room and the first thing that struck me was the horrible smell and lack of light. The second thing was the dampness of the room - from the furniture to the bed.Being most concerned about Internet immediately I tried to use the Internet but it would not work. I went back upstairs to the clerk who made me wait while he talked to his friend on his cell phone some more (and let the hotel phones ring for a while). He then told me that indeed the Internet does not generally work on the ground floor and some other floors. I asked for a solution and he told me to use the phone in the room. I went back to the room but it turned out that the room didn't have a phone either!Throughly upset I went back upstairs and was told that there was nothing he could or would do.I have stayed in other hotels in this price range in London and never had an experience remotely as bad.REALLY UNPLEASANT STAY - I would recommend you think twice before staying here at any price. The damp, smelly rooms and poor service aren't worth it.	
Mar 16 2004	I disliked...	I was there couple of years ago. The staff was unfriendly, sometimes even rude to us (I was travelling with my two friends and we all were girls and 15-20 years old). Room was small and we had booked a room for 3 person but we got a room for 2 and a sofa.	
May 6 2003	Florida to London	A wonderful, quiet community hotel in nice neighborhood near two tube stops, indoor shopping mall, theater and many local resturants. Breakfast was included, but very dull after a week! Finally figured out that sheets were not being changed. Management said they only change sheets when requested. That was a surprise. But such a good deal I would go back.	
Feb 3 2003	great value!	I stayed here may 2002 for 5 nights.. the location is excellent, just a few minutes from 2 tube stations (Queensway &amp; Bayswater). The rooms were quite small, but clean. The beds were a bit uncomfortable. The staff were not especially friendly, but not rude or anything.I would stay here again, mostly because of the great location. It was a pleasant stay for the price I payed.	
