Jul 29 2009 	Clean safe basic accomodations	We stayed 4 nights in a triple room in June. The room was spacious and clean, but more like a dormitory room rather than a hotel room. It was hot during our visit and we had to open the windows at night. Luckily, we read reviews before our stay and we did bring ear plugs! Even so, we woke up several times from noise during the night. We loved the hotel's location, and we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey from the hotel. This is no Westin Hotel and some people I know would not be happy with the crude dormitory furniture and the tiny shower that runs out of hot water after two minutes. But we didn't want to spend $400 per night for that kind of luxury and the Vandon House was acceptable at less than half that price. I would certainly stay there again if we returned to London.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Location Great Rates	I paid 99 pounds for a triple ... by far the best deal I found for our family trip to London. The room had 3 single beds, plenty of space and a large old-fashioned bath tub. No shower, however.The breakfast was adequate and included fruit, cereal, yogurt, cheese, and basic bread and croissants.They have easy to use and very efficient washing machines and dries for 3 pounds wash and less than a pound to dry. This was a real plus as we were in desparate need of clean clothes.It would be hard to get any closer to Buckingham Palace. St. James tube station is very close, but Victoria Station is also easy to get to by foot.They have internet, but they charge about a pound an hour for wifi or to use one of their computers.	
Jun 12 2009 	Location Location Location!	I've stayed at the Vandon House eight to ten times since the late 1970's. It was earlier a Salvation Army-owned hotel---not an establishment offering room and board to the poor, but a clean, decent, and proper budget hotel. I think that the &quot;clean, decent, and proper&quot; adjectives still fit the Vandon House today, though it's now owned by a small Iowa university. I like the place very much. though its facilities are fairly rudimentary.The Vandon House's location is absolutely fabulous. It couldn't be better located, although other reviewers have correctly written that the street noise can be bothersome.Buckingham Gate gets enough night-time traffic and &quot;pub returnees&quot; in the wee hours that a light sleeper will be bothered.The V.H. has a &quot;no smoking, no alcohol&quot; policy, which is fine with me. I imagine the rules have been broken by a student or two during the term. Non-student guests like myself may rent rooms only during non-term times.It's not a fancy place, but I've always felt safe, comfortable, and at home there. It's well kept up. Sadly, the delicious full English breakfasts that I remember fondly from earlier years exist no longer. However, there's an ample continental breakfast (quite a bit of variety) that's perfectly acceptable.For some years, a very capable and friendly manager named Bridget reigned as monarch over the Vandon House. I really liked her. She's gone now, so I don't know whether the current management has kept up her excellent standards. I hope so!The rooms can be hot in summer, as others have mentioned. In fact, in 2005, since I was staying there for three weeks, I marched over to a shop on Victoria Street and purchased my own fan. However, I believe that the V.H. has at least some electric fans that they'll place in rooms. For a safe, clean, decent place with an incredible location, the Vandon House is first-rate. You shouldn't expect Hilton standards, then you won't be disappointed. However, all-in-all, it's a very good quality London B&amp;B----much better than many others you'll encounter at similar prices.	
Jun 8 2009	great location basic accomodations good for triple	Vandon house was mentioned in several guides (incl. R. Steves), so we decided to try it. We were a little hesitant because there were no recent TA reviews, so I'm adding our more recent experience. Traveling as two, but meeting a 3rd person for a portion of our stay, we wanted a triple room. The ensuite room we received at Vandon was huge. It is definitely a dorm, and furnishings were more like a dorm than a hotel (and likewise worn), but everything was very clean and comfortable. No AC, which is normally not required, although our visit happened to coincide w/ a warm spell. The room cooled off nicely at night, but you cannot leave the windows open due to noise. It is not a particularly busy street, but due to the canyon-like effect, any noise is amplified. It is across the street from a major hotel, with limos, tour busses, and activity, during the early morning hours. With the windows closed, it is not a problem, but if it is hot, you will want the windows open.Breakfast is good, but basic continental -- no hot breakfast as described in earlier reviews.The majority of the staff appear to be college-age students, and changed a lot (Nearly each time we entered during the day or evening, there were different staff members). Most were very friendly and helpful., but communication may be lacking . Even in making reservations or asking questions via internet, we received answers (and sometimes different answers) from a different person each time. Example: We had to leave before breakfast was served on one of the mornings, and we were told to simply tell the night staff, and they would box a take-away breakfast for us. Night staff readily agreed. However, in the morning, the desk staff seemed surprised (and slightly upset), that we were told that, saying it is not policy, and they have no way to accommodate this. However, they then took the time to personally pack a breakfast for us. We discovered later that their written instructions found in each room, even suggest asking for a take-away breakfast for anyone leaving before serving times, so we were confused by the morning staff's reaction.Fellow Vandon house guests appeared to be primarily college-age, with a few older. It was a very courteous (quiet) group, however. 3 computers (with printers) are available in the lounge for a nominal internet fee (2GBP per hour).Value seemed average. Triple accommodations were 99GBP per night, including a continental breakfast. Better prices can be found especially with Priceline or Hotwire (usually excluding breakfast), but not if you need cancellation flexibility or want to know where you will be staying before paying. However, the location can't be beat for tourist activities. It is very close to Buckingham, Parliament, Victoria station, etc. Closet tube stop (St. James) is only 2 blocks away. Nightlife is limited on weekends, but there are plenty of pubs open during the week.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great location good price	This was the first place I said when I came to the UK for my working holiday. I just needed a night stay until I got to Kent the next day.The location is excellent. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station is very close by and it is very affordable (for London standards).The rooms were average size, and were clean. Alot of the staff didn't seem to speak completely fluent English but I had no problems with the staff, and one paticular staff member at reception was very helpful with directions.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great location price and stay -- from the USA	Our family of four stayed at the Vandon House the first four days of August. We had a great stay there. The location was perfect--a short three block walk to Buckingham Palace, a few blocks to Westminister Abbey and the Houses of Parliament. One block walk to St. James's underground station. The area was very safe, with many government buildings including New Scotland Yard about 2 blocks away.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The front door is locked and staff must let each visitor in, so this added to the sense of safety. Our family stayed in the triple and one single the first night, then moved to the family en suite room for the last 3 nights. The cleaning staff moved our luggage and hanging clothes for us, at our request.The rooms were very clean and good sized. The included breakfast was very good--cereal, toast, yogurt, cheese and ham slices, fruit, coffee and tea with two people serving it. The tables even had linen! The only drawback was that since it was warm out, we had our windows open all night. Each night, some of the neighboring buildings' residents made noise. This was not under the hotel's control though and we expected that in a large city like London. All in all, we had a great stay at a very reasonable price.	
Jul 12 2007 	Bring your ear plugs	Vandon House is easy to find. From Victoria Station, it was a 15 minute walk. The St. James Park tube station is 5 minutes away. Buckingham Palace is a block away and Trafalgar Square is a short walk as well. The location could not be better.When I arrived, I notified the desk that I was a light sleeper and did not want a room facing Buckingham Gate Road. They basically told me that was too bad because that is where my room was, on the first floor, and they would make no effort to switch it. The room faced west and into the afternoon sun, making it quite hot. I had to ask three times before a fan was finally brought to my room. Buckingham Gate is a very busy road with tour buses blaring their loud speakers and noxious fumes. You can close the window and boil, but the sound was still loud at all hours of the day and night.While larger rooms are en-suite, the singles have only a sink in the room. The toilet was across the hall, which was fine, but the shower was on the other side of the building. It was clean.The breakfast was quite nice with a good selection of yogurt, juice, cereals, fruit and pastry. The public computers in the lounge are handy for printing boarding passes. There is a charge of £1 for 30 minutes. Wifi is available as well, for a similar charge.Vandon House has a lift (elevator), which is not common in a budget hotel in London. If you can sleep in noisy, hot conditions, then this place might work for you. If you want a good night's sleep, you may want to look elsewhere.	
Jun 4 2007 	Good budget hotel in central London	I spent 12 nights at the Vandon House Hotel in May, 2007, in a standard single room at 40 GBP ($80) per night (rate is 44 GBP with a 10% discount for stays over one week). My room was furnished with a single bed, chest of drawers, freestanding wardrobe, and nightstand. It was equipped with a washbasin, tea and coffee making facilities, a direct dial phone and a small color TV; toilets and shower were down the hall. I was very comfortable at the Vandon House; although the accommodations are pretty basic, everything is very clean and well kept up. They serve a good continental breakfast of assorted cereals, juices, yogurt, cheeses, ham, bread rolls and croissants from 7:30 to 9:30 daily. The staff is helpful, and my room was straightened and cleaned daily. The hotel has a lift, which is not necessarily standard in budget hotels in London. The location is terrific—close to lots of things you come to London to see and also to buses and the Tube.Now for the drawbacks. First, there is no air conditioning, so even with the window open, the room was marginally too hot with temperatures in the upper 70’s. Second, I had a front room with a view of the street (good), but Buckingham Gate, right out in front of the hotel, is not really a quiet side street, so sometimes the room was a little noisy.Vandon House Hotel is owned by the Central College of Iowa, and their study abroad students live there during the school year, so it’s essentially a dormitory. As such, it’s not like a luxury hotel or even a chain motel in the U.S. It’s a small, comfortable, basic, and affordable residence in London. I was well pleased with my experience there.	
Aug 1 2006 	A lovely friendly hotel	We recently stayed at this hotel. It took ages to find a hotel on the net before we left that was central to all the site seeing attractions and near to the tube at a reasonable price. This hotel is just around the corner from Buckingham Palace, up the road to Victoria Station and a 15 minute walk to Big Ben and all the other major attractions. There is a Sainsburys in Victoria Street, a short walk away, where you can buy any grocery item you may need. Good restaurants further up Victoria Street including a buffet restaurant which is great for the kids. There's a great pub up on the corner we found with a non-smoking area which had good pub food.The hotel is owned by the University of Iowa and their students stay there. It has a lift which was pleasing with a heavy case each. There is a lovely breakfast room where the staff are actually happy to serve you with all kinds of toast, butters, jams, yoghurts, meats, cheeses, teas and coffees. They will even pack up a breakfast for you if you are departing early.The front desk girls are so curtious and friendly and helpful with tourist questions.There is a main lounge with comfy arm chairs and in the back of the room are 4 internet computers for a pound per half hour.You can do your washing yourself in the hotel laundry for about 3GBP with a dryer extra.The hotel is old and their are no good views from the windows to speak of, but its in quite a handy location and its reasonably priced and who needs a view anyway when you're out all day long. Our room looked out onto the next door building and we had a great view of all the plumbing. We are 2 couples and we shared a family room for 118GBP per night. It was spacious and had a good sized ensuite bathroom. The beds were OK and had good linen on them. The towels were changed daily and were still fluffy and thick. We had a TV with remote, cupboards with drawers and tables and chairs also tea and coffee making facilities. Everything was spotlessly clean.During the day when you went out you had to pass in your room key to the receptionist and upon your return you pressed the bell and she would automatically open up the front door for you and you would collect your key. Very good security.All in all a very good reasonably priced stay in the heart of London, although very difficult to find if you don't know the area. We got terribly lost coming from Victoria Station but once we knew where we were going, we wondered how on earth we got lost at all. Tell a cabi its opposite the Crowne Plaza.	
Jul 21 2006 	Absolutely loved it!	Hi thereI stayed at this hotel for a week mid-July 2006, and absolutely loved it!I was in a single room, which was very large, and it had a desk and chair, 2 shelves attached to the wall, a remote-controlled television, a phone, a sink and a bedside table. there was a very large and very well-maintained (read: VERY CLEAN) bathroom on every floor (i think there was four floors in total) and a toilet next to that.in addition, there was a large common room on the ground floor with 2 bookcases worth of new travel books, four computers (2 pounds an hr for internet), a tv with a selection of videos, and several large leather sofas. opposite that was a large breakfast room where they served all types of cheeses, yoghurt, breads, toast and juice (+ fresh tea and coffee) and free newspapers. (oh, and there was a coke machine in there too!)overall, the staff were lovely, friendly and helpful (i checked out at 4.30 AM and i was offered breakfast to take away with me, which was really nice of them). everything was clean, spacious, and comfortable, i felt very secure b/c u had to return ur key every time u left the hotel (fire security), and they had to buzz u in when u wanted to get into the building. literally a block from buckingham palace and about 10 mins from victoria station (where all the buses and trains run from).feel free to email me if u have questionssam.chivers@gmail.comoh and I stayed for over 7 nights so i got a 10% discount, so i paid 30 GBP per nite.have a great time!	
Jul 11 2006	Good Value near Buckingham Palace	Nice. clean, servicable hotel in good location. Staff is friendly, breakfast (included) is very good. Nice, comfortable lounge with books to lend. TV's are tiny, and have only 4 channels. Huge difference between rooms in center of hotel, which face a very dirty air shaft, and those that have a window facing the street or back of building (I stayed in each one and MUCH preferred the one with the outside facing window). Good shopping for necessities close by on Victoria Street, and tube station within 2 blocks. Nice 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliment, Big Ben, River Tours and Wartime Prime Minister's Office. London Eye 5 minutes further across the River. Neighborhood is known as Buckingham Gate, if you take a taxi. Good value overall.	
Jul 1 2005	Wonderful people wonderful place!	We came to London last year and stayed at this Hotel. Whilst we were there we found the staff to be very friendly and abliging, nothing was too much trouble. The manageress in particular was a very warm person who made you feel that you had been a friend for many years.The hotel itself is situated in a very nice location near to everything that we wanted to see. It is very close to the stations and underground and very close to all sight seeing attractions including Big Ben and the Houses Of Parliament, Buckingham Palace and The London Eye.The rooms although they werent the height of luxury were very comfortable and provided everything that is needed to enjoy a holiday.We were very impressed with Vandon House and are going back there again this year.	
Jun 8 2005	good value hotel near Buckingham Palace	We recently stayed overnight at the Vandon House Hotel. This hotel is owned by the University of Iowa, and houses students.The room was adequate, with a shower, no tub. There was a lift. There was a very nice breakfast served in the breakfast room.I would recommend this hotel to any single women looking for a nice place to stay at a reasonable cost.It is right across the street from the King James Hotel, tell that to the cabbie if you are taking a cab from Victoria Station.	
Aug 23 2008	Bon endroit à recommander sans modération !		
