Sep 11 2009 	Booked this hotel but got moved to another	I had booked a room but when I arrived to check in I was told there was no room available and I had to be transferred to another hotel in Bayswater. The staff were extremely unhelpful and quite rude. The hotel I was transferred to (Kensington Town House) was lousy. I will never book a Best Western hotel again if this is how they treat their customers, especially a lone female.	
Jun 17 2009 	Small but comfortable	I booked over the net for the &quot;Hogarth Executive Rooms&quot; which showed a white building as the location. Upon arrival we were actually on the other side of the road from the white buildings in the Best Western by Shaftesbury, but the street address was correct??As we had just flown for 24 hours all we wanted to do was freshen up so we went up to our 3rd floor room and tried to access it, but the keycard wouldn't allow it to open. Back down again to reception and it opened this time to a very small but clean room. So small that you couldn't actually use the desk to write as the chair didn't have enough room to pull out to sit in, even if you were really small. Basically the room was well furnished with quality fittings, probably less or smaller furniture would have been better to move around. The bed was only a double size as nothing bigger would fit, but comfy. For location it was great, only 2 minute walk to the Tube railway station. The bathroom was small but very clean and useable. The room was advertised as having a refrigerator but on inspection there was no fridge and as we were only there for 2 days didn't bother about it as we were only there to sleep anyway. Internet access is available by cable only, not wireless.	
May 22 2009 	Bizarre little place but actually quite nice!	Stayed here for a business meeting in London as the rate was so low.Was expecting a complete dive, but the room was actually very pleasant.You have to check-in at the Best Western across the road and on subsequent visits, they have actually 'upgraded' me a a nice room in that hotel, which is fine.Very randon microwave in a cupboard, but other than that, all you could ask for from a business hotel (or even a good base for a stag/hen weekend)	
Feb 17 2009 	Small dirty and no service	OK, I work for over 20 years with the travel industry and select suppliers (airlines, hotels, etc.) for large corporations, hence I look at a property in extreme details. As I am always looking for hotels that I would put a business person in, I was attracted by the location and amenities offered by the hotel.First and foremost there are truly two properties with the same address - The Best Western Shaftesbury Premier (a 70' concrete building) and the Shaftesbury Executive which is also referred to as Hogarth Execuitve Rooms by Shaftesbury (a 4 story townhouse across the street). This is all terribly confusing as the hotel staff seem to treat them as one and the same.As I was arriving around 6am, I purposely booked the night before to make sure I have a room upon arrival. When checking in I was advised that they did not receive the late check-in message and therefore treated it as a now-show. In other words I was charged for the room and they still gave it away to someone else. Things can happen with reservation, however, to make this the customers fault is not acceptable.Despite claiming they were absolutely sold out I was offered another room in the main building (Best Western Shaftesbury). The room was in the basement and had no windows at all - unacceptable. When I advised them I was suddenly moved to a main room in the building...temporarily as they said. After a 26 hour flight I finally took a nap just to be woken by staff, advising me that they now have a room in the Executive building (the townhouse across the street) and that they would be up shortly to move me again. I declined and told them that I would do this in the afternoon after resting. They were apparently not happy with that decision (as they already had a guest for the room they put me in temporarily).All the hotel facilities are in the &quot;old&quot; Best Western building (restaurant, gym, etc.) and the Townhouse has only &quot;executive rooms&quot;. Having see both rooms now I can assure you that there is NO difference between the rooms. The common areas are worn and look pretty bad. The rooms on the other hand were recently renovated and look as &quot;good&quot; as the pictures promise. However, the rooms are not maintained well at all. While the carpet in the center of the room is clean, all around the edges there is at least 2 centimeters deep border of dust (see picture). One light switch was broken and could only be turned by using your fingernail. The foot of the microwave was broken and held up with a napkin that was folder numerous times (see picture). The shower-head was covered in Limescale. The heater in the bathroom had rust-marks on the floor. The bathtub had mold (see picture). The window ledge was covered in cigaret buds, coffee utensils, etc. While the main building had cable TV (50+ channels) the executive rooms had only 8. The top of the closet where my luggage was stored was covered in dust (see picture). etc., etc, etc.The short of it is that the hotel rooms are VERY small but nicely furnished, however, the property is very badly maintained and staff is very rude and unwilling to take responsibility for anything.	
Dec 17 2008 	if size does not matter!!!	it is an apart hotel by Best Western Premier Shaftesbury Kensington. I stayed in 613 for 5 nights. The room size is just about right, very clean, well decorated. The hotel is located 200 metres to Earl's Court tube station. You can have a very easy axcess to the sights. You have the breakfast room in the main hotel building. Orange juice, cheese, eegs,honey, jam,toasted bread ext plenty.Free internet is avaiable only via cable, no wireless in the rooms. Staff is very polite. No Problems. Around the hotel many restaurants of every kind.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice Suprise!	What a nice Surprise. We made the booking for this hotel through the London Premier Hotels website and paid £116.33 in total which was less than half the rack rate. We were lead to believe the nearest tube station was Gloucester Road, don't be fooled!!!!! the nearest station is Earls Court, a couple of minutes walk away. The hotel is located in a nice quiet location with every possible restaurant, take away, pub and bar within very easy walking distance. We choose this hotel as we were going to see the Good Food Show at Olympia which is ideal, one stop away on the tube from Earls Court. We booked a Deluxe Room which included lots of extra, such as loads of toileties, robes, slippers, a bottle of wine (on request but we were not charged for!) and a microwave. The breakfast was included in the price, very fresh, actually hot and the staff, well lets just say they had character! The gentleman overseeing the breakfast sitting was extremely friendly and could not do enough for anyone. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone and when I searched for this hotel on TripAdvisor it seems to be the wrong one, so I have started up a new review so there's is no mix up .....	
Oct 18 2008 	Good Value	Despite some reservations about the place over reviews posted my wife and I had a most enjoyable stay at this hotel recently.It's location is superb-just three mins walk from Earls Court Tube Station and ten mins walk to Kensington High St.The hotel has undergone substantial refurbishment and the rooms are quite comfortable if a little on the small side.The bathrooom in particular was quite superb and spotlessly clean.We were able to check in and access our room on arrival at 11am which was a bonus.Staff were professional and helpful.Even though the hotel website specified the hotel did not have a bar it was nonetheless possible to obtain alcohol on the premises as they offered &quot;happy hour special cocktails&quot;.Located in a quiet street our room was street facing but we experienced no street noise whatsoever during night time.This hotel offers superb value for money and I will definitely stay there again.	
May 30 2008 	What a gem!	Small room (normal for London) but for 65 pounds on laterooms very good value for money- 3 min walk from Earls Court tube station, brand new room decor Italian like the Bellagio in Las Vegas, proper air-conditioning, v. comfortable bed, fridge and microwave, Broadband internet complimentary, flatscreen TV, state of the art bathroom. Room was very quiet, dark curtains block out the light completely which was good for us because we needed our sleep.We checked in at the Shaftesbury, very efficient, saw complimentary newspapers, chocolates and apples at reception which was a nice touch.Only negative was maybe the shower which was a bit slow, but not enough to make me not recommend this place. Try it before the prices go up!	
