	Great locationwhat a find highly recommendgreat value	We are so pleased we found this gem,easy access to transport bus stop right outside. Rooms great and housekeeping 5 star. Breakfast would be the best you will get with such a good choice. Staff are so friendly and nothing is too much trouble.We stayed 5 days and it was always nice to come back at the end of busy day. We will be back	
	This is my kind of hotel	This hotel was exactly what I was looking for, nice, clean, in a super central location in London. I liked my room which was on the first floor, a lot. Warm water in the shower, toilet working all the time. I didn't need to carry my quite big luggage up or down the stairs (please note that this hotel does not have an elevator!). Breakfast was very nice. Everyone I met from the staff was very friendly.I will stay here again on future visits to London.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location confortable room!	We were at Hart House Hotel for 5 nights in sep/09. The hotel is in a really good location, next to Baker Street, with a lot of restaurants and a nice pub nearby: The Globe. The room is huge and very clean. You will find a really confortable bed after a long day of sightseeing.The breakfast is good. They offer orange juice, coffee, tea, some toasts with butter, and a choice of something from the menu: bacon, sausages, eggs (scrambled, boiled...). It was good, but after 5 mornings we could have something different!Internet is not free, but really cheap, 5 pounds during your stay.The staff is just ok... when we asked Dana from the reception desk about directions, she actually said us to go look on google maps!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	what a hidden Gem	This Hotel is lovely and excellent value for money. I booked a Double room, which was spacious, exceptionally clean and had everything you needed for a comfortable stay. The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating which you don't find often these days. Breakfast is served in small dinning room with a great choice from a full cooked English to Fruit and some great pastries. Would certainly recommend and will definitely use again.	
Sep 25 2009 	A Disappointment	Their website looked so good, and the reviews on Trip Advisor weren't bad, so I thought I would go for it. But it was a big disappointment. Very old style London B&amp;B. On arriving, we were given our keys and pointed upwards - no offer to help with bags, no 'welcome to London' - nothing. And those stairs! We had a twin room on the 2nd floor and as all you Trip Advisor readers know, in London that means on the 3rd floor so there were about 50 steps to negotiate with luggage (no lift). And to make matters worse, the breakfast room and reception were in the basement so another 16 steps to so. The hotel was on a VERY noisy street so you couldn't have the windows open - a fan was provided but it was very loud and you had to place it on the only chair in the room in order to cool the room. Breakfast was good though, although service again was not the best. PS - they charge extra if you pay with a credit card.	
Jul 20 2009 	great hotel in a great location	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in a twin room. The room was small but clean and quite modern as was the bathroom which was also small, The weather was incredibly warm the night we stayed and an air conditioning unit had been placed in the room which was needed and appreciated. The breakfast room was quite small and felt a little bit cramped but i am used to staying in larger hotels. I left my mobile telephone charger in the room and on contacting the hotel they posted it back to me free of charge. I think this is an ideal hotel close to oxford street and within easy reach of wembley by tube. I would definately recomend this hotel to anyone needing a hotel for a couple of nights.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Location	Hart House is a cross between a B&amp;B and small hotel. We got heir details from a AA Motoring B&amp;B book. The hotel is in a great location a 5 minute walk to terrific Oxford St and surrounds. We found the room very comfortable but a bit cozy considering we had 4 of us in the room but clean and comfortable. The breakfast is great with the ladies cooking your breakkfast fresh as you order it.No complaint other than the fact that it fairly pricey but thats London.	
May 21 2009 	Best value in Marylebone	My second trip. Andrew and Dana are most cordial &amp; helpful and make everyone feel at home. The breakfast is super, especially the sausages. My room was on the top floor, so I got good exercise. Appointments &amp; toiletries just perfect.Wifi at L5 per visit much valued - other hotels want 12 or 15 pounds/day.Several buses stop 50 meters away. So getting elsewhere in London no problem. Good variety of eateries within short walk.I will surely return again.	
Apr 23 2009 	A nice friendly place to stay in London	My family recently stayed here for 5 days. We had 2 rooms. The breakfast was great each morning and the staff was extremely helpful. Dana was great! The neighborhood was safe and nice. Lots of places to eat nearby. The beds were very comfortable, and we slept soundly.	
Mar 29 2009 	Central London clean and comfortable	Hart House is everything a good B&amp;B should be - great location, comfortable, very clean and with friendly hosts.Not sure why it's classed as a hotel, when it's only a B&amp;B, but apart from that and the many stairs to climb to my room, I couldn't fault it. Will definitely be staying again when in London.	
Mar 25 2009 	Good value; friendly staff.	Just got back from a trip to London and enjoyed my stay at the Hart House Hotel. Very friendly staff and clean, comfortable rooms. Great location - in a quiet area that has a residential feel but still only a short walk to busy Oxford street. Would stay here again!	
Nov 6 2008 	Delightful Respite	Hart House Hotel provided a delightful respite during our October visit to the London area. Our flight into LHR was significantly delayed, yet we were cheerfully greeted by Dana when we arrived at the hotel's doors after 10pm in the evening. We were ushered to a quiet, immaculate, pleasantly decorated, twin-bedded room with more than adequate space and facilities. There seem to be dozens of hotels in the area, running the range of price and amenities, but we highly recommend Hart House. Hotel employees are extremely helpful. We were treated with utmost courtesy and folks went out of their way to accommodate our stay. There is a &quot;free&quot; daily breakfast. One need not tote a PC as a computer is available for use by guests. For travellers with significant baggage or ambulatory issues, request a room on the first floor as an elevator is not available -- and would not, in any case, harmonize well with the boutique-style of the hotel. Further, if arriving at LHR, we recommend that one take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and a cab from there to Gloucester Place (Forget about going to Baker Street station). The hotel is located &quot;in the heart of London's West End&quot; (City of Westminster), with ready access to most traveller's needs within short walking distances; as are many of greater London's attractions (including Buckingham Palace). Pick up frequent city tours leaving Baker Street station. Owner/Manager Andrew readily dispenses helpful tourist advise. A great place! We look forward to a future stay. ~Richard &amp; Mae	
Oct 5 2008 	Clean cute and good locale	After taking the Heathrow Connect to Baker St (as instructed by the Hart House website), it was a somewhat confusing walk with our luggage in tow to the Hart House. Once in, however, we were pleasantly surprised by the clean, fresh appearance of our room. We stayed at the back of the hotel so were not exposed to the street noise. The bathroom was ok - as expected in the UK.After settling in, we were only a short walk to Oxford St. Indeed, the Hart House is a great location for accessing much of what London has to offer.We found the staff outwardly polite, but short at times, like we were imposing on their time. They offered a pretty good breakfast. One thing though - on our final night our sleep was interrupted in the morning by early arriving (departing?) guests who showed no consideration as they slammed doors and stomped about. Hardly the fault of the staff at Hart House. However, it reflects the intimate nature of the small premises	
Sep 22 2008 	The Greatest Beds in Europe!	Our family of six (which included two 20-year-old girls, a 16-year-old boy and a 13-year old daughter) had two triple rooms at Hart House Hotel. Two months later, we're still talking wistfully about those beds! They are wonderful! Our group had two triple rooms. We were prepared for a long climb to third-floor rooms (as warned in other reviews). Instead, we were pleasantly surprised to have two first-floor triple rooms. The rooms were pleasant with high ceilings and ample space for three to move around. We didn't have air conditioning, but the rooms were pre-equipped with fans. Frankly, even in July, London's weather was cool enough that we didn't even need them.  The location is great and the neighborhood has charm. The hop-on-hop-off bus even goes down the street passing the hotel with commentary on the history of the street's buildings. Everything is in easy walking distance. We never felt unsafe, and we walked in the neighborhood day and even late at night. After we learned the lay of the land, we allowed our teenagers to walk around together without us and they were fine. Staff was pleasant and very efficient. We are also the type to throw our luggage in a room and to be out sightseeing day and night. At first, we had difficulty getting directions from desk staff since the (very nice) woman working the desk wasn't English and there was a language barrier. She didn't know common landmarks and sites, so couldn't give us a hint on which direction to go. We ended up grabbing a couple maps and finding our way everywhere, so it wasn't a big deal. On the other hand, when we needed something, she (and other staff) were extremely efficient and responded immediately. We would definately stay here again and recommend it highly. It's a pleasant and cozy surprise in busy London!	
Jan 4 2008 	Good value for London	Stayed overnight in this hotel located in Marylebone (roughly between Baker Street and Oxford Street). I had a single room and expected the worst. You have to ring the door bell and wait for someone to come to the door to open it for you. Someone came promptly and asked who I was and went to get the key. I was then told how to get to my room.I was pleasantly surprised. There were 3 flights of stairs to the room so I would not recommend you go there with heavy luggage but the room was quite large for a single room. The bed was what I would call a small double, there was a wardrobe, desk/make up table, a stool for the desk and an armchair. There was a small kettle to make tea/coffee. The small ensuite bathroom had no natural light but was good enough for an overnight stay. It has a small shower, loo and washbasin. Towels were nice and fluffy. Everything was immaculately clean.Breakfast was in the basement. Tables were already laid with plates/cutlery and orange juice. You could help yourself to the usual range of cereals and some fresh fruits. A range of cooked breakfast was available (the scrambled eggs and toast I had were fine) and there was jam and marmelade at the table. The staff were pleasant throughout. The ony problem I had was with the road noise - my room was overlooking the main road - I guess it is difficult to get away from road noise in London! So if you want peace and quiet, I would recommend you ask for a room at the back.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Bed and Breakfast!	Just got back from a very nice vacation in London. I've never written a review before, but after our stay at the Hart House Hotel I felt it would be wrong to not write a review of such a great Hotel like the Hart House hotel. We're a family of five, with three teenagers. We're the type of family that sleeps, eats breakfast and then goes out all day. The Hart House Hotel was perfect for us. It's a beautiful Georgian B&amp;B that makes you feel very comfortable. Our room was large enough to accomodate all of us. Extremely clean and the beds were very comfortable. Room had a television and two outlets for charging up the cell phones and cameras. Bathroom was on small side but sufficient for our use. The English breakfast was great! Sausages, bacon, eggs, plenty of toast, orange juice, cereal, fruit, coffee, and tea. The staff was very helpful, pleasant, and always had a smile for us. Dana was extremely helpful with directions, advice, and taxi reservations. The room rate was within our budget and worth every pence. I highly recommend Hart House to all. G'day, Mate!	
Jan 2 2008	very nice hotel	We are a family of four (two older children) and stayed at the Hart House for four days total with an initial three days and then returning for a day. Overall, we had a very good experience. We started with a triple and rollaway in Room 1 and, while it was quite close quarters, the room was clean and nice. Our last day, we stayed in the infamous rooms at the top (15 and 16). It is definitely a hike (and you will not want to carry up heavy luggage) but the rooms are quite nice and very pleasant. We enjoyed them. There are a lot of stairs but you can chalk it up to increasing your fitness. It would not be good for someone elderly or with physical limitations so make that clear when you book-I'm sure the staff will try to accomodate)/ Breakfast was very good (not extraordinary-but quite fine). Please note re: expectations that no one is going to carry your luggage and provide a high level of extra service. The hotel provides a cleanvery nice room in a good location at good value and breakfast. If you want higher levels of service or attentiveness (or you have physical limitations re: stairs and such) this is not the place for you.We would definitely stay here again and recommend it.	
Dec 18 2007 	A pleasant surprise in London	We stayed here mid December for 2 nights for our Christmas trip to London. Friendly and helpful staff, lovely breakfast, clean and spacious room. We booked a triple room - there was a double and a single bed, plenty of room for the three of us. The hotel is a short walk from both Baker Street and Oxford Street and the bus to Kings Cross leaves from right outside. The area seems safe although we weren't out too late because of our little girl. Although it seems expensive, comparatively it is good value. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 23 2007 	Stairs were a killer!	Stayed here from November 10-18th, 2007. Good things - 2 tube stations close by. Helpful staff. Clean rooms. Ensuite (tiny, but have had worse).Bad things - We were in room 16, straight at the very top. No elevator. Those stairs were a killer. We'd suggest asking for a room on the lower levels. We had a hard time regulating the temp in the room - too hot, too cold. The wall between us and the next room seemed pretty thin - the tv was mounted on the other side of the wall behind our headboards. Hard to ignore the tv being on until 4am in the next room. That only happened one night.We would recommend Hart House to friends - and only room #16 if they're in really good shape!	
Aug 28 2007 	wonderful place for a family	We took our 2 young children to London in May 2007, and booked a family room through their internet site and was pleasantly surprised. The room had 2 twins and 1 double bed, a very high ceiling, and a bathtub. The kids loved it. The beds were comfortable and the breakfast was super! It was nice having choices every morning for the little ones. We found the staff and regular guests to be very friendly and nice. It was a wonderful place to stay!	
Aug 22 2007 	Clean and neat	My husband and I stayed here in February. This hotel is very clean, with a terrific breakfast, the Cumberland sausage, yum! The bathroom was large compaired with the usual cramped quarters of typical European hotels. It is centrally located close to bus and tube stations. The only drawback is that the staff was not very helpful in giving directions. We asked how to find for example Harrods dept store and we were directed to a map. We even asked if someone could point us in the right direction to walk to the tube station and again we were directed to the map. Other wise we had a fine time.	
Aug 19 2007	A keeper	While it is a little scary that $220.00 a night is now considered budget level in London--I suppose I am too old or have been traveling too long--this is a wonderful place to stay. We arrived at 8 AM extremely tired from an all night train ride with a crying baby in the next compartment and were told, very courteously, that unfortunately we wouldn't be able to have our room for several hours. But when the receptionist saw the very sad looks on our faces she thought for a moment, went and talked to somebody, and we were taken upstairs immediately and given a wonderful room opening onto the street, with a balcony. Yes, the room was not huge, but it was airy and immaculately clean and we were very happy there. Also, the breakfast was excellent, and this is not a given at London hotels--fresh first-rate croissants and pain au chocolat, lots of fresh fruit, very good eggs etc, served by a warm and helpful staff.	
Aug 6 2007 	Perfect location for a London visit	We stayed 4 nights at Hart House, and if it were up to our children, we would have spent the remainder of our England trip there as well! The rooms were indeed small, but then again, this is London - small rooms are the norm in other large cities (we've stayed in smaller rooms in NYC and Paris). Everything was clean and neat, the linens were first rate. The staff was always friendly and helpful - the guests at times were the surly ones.This was an excellent base for walking to Regent's Park, Baker Street, Hyde Park and Oxford Street. The tube was a few blocks walk to Marble Arch, where we grabbed a double decker tour bus ride and the tube to everywhere else. There were so many wonderful restaurants in the area, it was difficult to choose. Breakfast was included at the hotel, and though simple, was just what we needed to start the day.Our trip was only a few months ago, and we already want to go back!	
Jul 6 2007 	Fantastic hotel and very helpful staff	We booked the hotel as our first stop on a European trip for 2 nights. Since our arrival from the United States got us to the hotel in the late morning before check in time, the staff worked hard to get us into our rooms with minimal delay. They were also very accomadating with a special request that I had since the day of arrival was our 24th wedding anniversary. The hotel is in a great location for a number of different attractions and also easy to access with a 5 minute walk to 2 tube stations. Everyone we talked to at the hotel, whether it was the staff or the owner were Very Helpful with suggestions regarding sites to see, theatre tickets and pubs to eat at ( try the Globe Pub ). We were travelling with our two children ages 15 and 18 and they were able to get 2 rooms for us located right next to each other on the top floor. There is no lift so if you have trouble with alot of stairs ask for a lower level room.This was our 5th trip to Europe and the Hart House is one of our favorite hotels that we have stayed at, we will be returning to the hotel the next time we are in London.	
Jun 20 2007 	Highly Recommended	This was my first stay at the Hart House Hotel.I found details about the hotel on the web and decided to contact them directly by e-mail to see what rates they woud be able to offer me. Dana replied promptly, to which I telephoned the Hotel to confirmmy booking with a Credit Card number.I am female and was travelling alone to London and staying just the one night, as I was attending a work function in another London hotel.The hotel is located a short walk from Oxford Street. However, as I was attending a 'Black Tie' evening, I required a taxi. Black Cab Taxis were readily available passing the front door, which was great!I found the Hotel to be ideally suited to my needs. The staff were very pleasant and helpful with any enquiry. The room was clean and very well maintained. The breakfast was great, a selection of cerealsand fruit, cooked breakfast (which was cooked fresh to order), toast and plenty of tea.There is no doubt in my mind that I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. I will be sure to stay nect time I have the opportunity to visit the great city again.	
May 14 2007 	Delicious breakfast	Superb location for Madame Tussauds and Oxford Street. Excellent shopping nearby and lots of restaurants.The room was a bit on the small side but clean and comfortable and service in general was excellent. Would definitely recommend.	
Jan 15 2007 	No crab-apples allowed! This is a wonderful little boutique hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hart House, brief as it was (one night on our way home from Paris). There were four of us traveling and, although we had originally booked two twin rooms, after a week of sharing a small flat in Paris, we all wanted to spread out!!! The staff gave us different room types (the two original twin rooms and two singles). While the single I stayed in is indeed small, it was spotless and kind of cute! The linens were fresh, soft and comforting. My room faced the street and it was not at all a problem; a little bit of traffic, but still I felt safe. My friends had rooms on different floors, and I got a chance to note that the rooms were beautifully kept. I am VERY picky! These rooms all passed muster. I did call to the front desk before bedtime to ask if they could ask my neighbor to turn down the very loud TV. In a matter of a minute, there was peace and quiet. The rooms were affordable for this part of London, and the only reason I would stay somewhere else is if that place were more convenient to what I was visiting in London. It is in a great location with many cafes and shopping opportunities (Oxford Street!)	
Dec 5 2006 	So-so	My wife and I stayed at the Hart House Hotel in September. The rooms were nice and well kept and the breakfast is what you would expect from a continental breakfast. The only complaint we had was the staff which we had read on TripAdvisor before we left. The staff is not very accommodating when it comes to questions regarding directions or general politeness. They act as though it is a hassle any time you ask them something and when you want to use their internet connection to communicate with friends and family. In our travels to London and Paris, we actually found the Londoners to be more rude towards tourists and Americans in general. Not a bad place to lay your head but we would probably find another place next time.	
Oct 18 2006 	Well Kept Secret... Fantastic Value	I had the pleasure of staying at the Hart House for 4 nights in mid September 2006 and, given the cost of accomodation in London, found the hotel in general and our room specifically to be more than we could have asked for. I had booked a twin room as I was travelling with my brother, and Mr. Bowden graciously gave us a three-bed family room for the twin rate. As one would expect, the ground floor room was more than spacious with a generously sized bathroom.Being of Polish background, we got along famously with the staff at the hotel and Mr. Bowden was, as could be expected from an Englishman, very courteous and helpful.I am not a fussy traveller, I do not expect to waited on hand and foot like some who have posted reviews of this and other hotels on this web site, and as such I can honestly say I could not find fault with any aspect of our stay here. Once we explored the area a little we easily found a wealth of restaurants and a Sri Lankan grocer just a block away that was open until midnight for sundries such as newspapers, bottled water and fresh fruit, as well as a dry cleaners who delivered our laundry back to the hotel the nexy day.The hotel's proximity to Oxford/Bond Streets, as well as Hyde Park make it an ideal base to explore London, and I can safely say that barring any inheritance or lottery winnings in the near future I will most definitely stay at the Hart House Hotel on my next trip to London.	
Oct 3 2006	Stay away from the Hart Hotel	Though supposedly a reasonably priced room for London, we still didn't get what we paid for. The people behind the reception desk were very unfriendly and expressed resentment when you asked them simple questions - like - what time do the museums open? what time do the stores open? They were very uncertain about all of this. If you asked them for a phone number of a specific place they had you go look it up yourself. What was said to me was -How should I know that? When I suggested they look it up on their computer, I was told to look it up myself in the yellow pages. It wasn't that other people were waiting in line to be helped. I was the only one there. They were not there to provide any sort of service!The room we had was ultra small and drab. It was definitely not a place to spend time in or feel good on one's return back. Usually there was noone at the reception desk in the afternoon, but the hotel hires many people from Eastern Europe who they hire as kitchen help and maids. They are very friendly, tho most have recently arrived to London and don't know much about it or the transportation system.The Marylebone area is very wonderful and Marylebone High Street is a great place to stroll and grab a bite.	
Sep 3 2006	most enjoyable time	Dear Hart House Hotel, We wish to pass along our appreciation from our pleasant stay with you in June of this summer. We had a most enjoyable time and in particular at breakfast. Please extend our highest regards to your staff, who so kindly looked after our comfort. We enjoyed talking with the ladies at breakfast and in the evenings, inquiring for help and directions or talking about our adventures in London. They are such pleasant folks! We were able to see all of the London attractions on our list and enjoyed fine weather the whole time we were there. Unfortunately we weren't able to cheer England on to the World Cup Finals, however it was fun enjoying the early rounds up street at the local pubs. We will gladly recommend your hotel to our friends visiting London in the near future, and look forward to returning some day soon ourselves. Kind regards, Guests From Houston, TX USA	
Jun 8 2006	Great accommodations for the price	Three of us stayed 7 nights at the Hart House Hotel in September, 2005. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were small but clean, comfortable and very good service. The breakfast (included in the rate) was excellent - full British breakfast including eggs, sausage, cereal, croissant, fruit. Our rooms (one single and one double) faced on the street and if you sleep with windows open it can get noisy from the traffic. Easy access to bus and underground. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Feb 13 2006	Loved our stay Again!	We recently stayed with Hart House Hotel and we received excellent service! When we arrived in the early morning of February 1 we were allowed immediate access to our room, which made a huge difference on our first day after traveling all night. And since we had to leave early on February 3, the staff prepared a breakfast tray for us the night before, which again made a difference in how our travel went.  We had stayed with Hart House previously, in January 1999, actually in the same room! The hotel has only improved over the seven years. We plan to return next year and would like to stay with Hart House again! Sam and Paula	
Jan 3 2006	Horrible service	We stayed at the Hart House Hotel for a week in December, we were constantly treated rude by staff and when we complained several times about extremely loud banging above us the staff did NOTHING to try to help. The area is a good starting point in order to take a taxi to various sights, but as far as the area around the hotel it really isn’t all that great. I agree with the other reviewers who said the sheets were way past dated, that the breakfast was nothing to write home about, and the shower was too small. I would not suggest staying here unless you were absolutely desperate for a room!	
Jan 1 2006	OK but bring ear plugs	We stayed at the Hart House for four days in late December 2005. We were in room 16 on the top floor. By the time we left our legs were in better shape than we started from all the stair climbing. This B&amp;B is clean, our room was small but adequate with a decent size bathroom and shower. It is close to two tube stations. The breakfast was OK with cereal, crossoints, eggs, bacon, sausage and toast. We do have some complaints however. The biggest being the thin walls. We were kept awake the first nite by a loud neighbor who quieted down at 1am after we banged on the walls. They did however, continue to talk quietly until 3am and we were able to clearly hear the diminished voices. When we mentioned this to Andrew Bowden, the owner, his response was unsymphatetic. He said this was a well built old building and the walls were thick. Not true!! I think the walls must be single ply and installed simply as room separators. Every nite we could hear our neighbors. We finally purchased heavy duty ear plugs and got some sleep. We were also told by a nite clerk that there was no phone surcharge, there is, it is 50 pence per call. Mr. Bowden, in most of our encounters was short and seemed disinclined to offer any more than minimal information. He seems to have tired of answering guests questions. Overall, for the price, this was adequate accomodations, but bring the ear plugs.	
Oct 23 2005	Not great wouldn't recommend it	I'd read several good reviews of this place, but had a far from satisfactory stay. Good location - 5-mins walk from the Selfridges end of Oxford St - but on a very busy road. Unless you have the ability to sleep through bedlam do NOT accept one of the rooms on the ground floor facing the road which have flimsy partition walls. I'm not usually a light sleeper but had a totally sleepless night due to an inconsiderate neighbour who had obviously fallen asleep with his TV on full-blast and was snoring like a pig: I tried several times to wake him, unsuccessfully. He eventually awoke by himself at 4am, turned off the TV... and then started shouting into his phone. I knocked on his door and asked him to be quieter due to the thin walls, but to no avail and he continued his 'conversations' until 7am. Through all this hotel staff were unwilling to help or move me to another room. The room itself was clean but shabby, and the bed-sheets were well past their best. No AC or temperature control in the room either, and no way of opening the window (which you wouldn't do any way due to the traffic noise &amp; fumes). Suffice to say I won't be staying there again.	
Aug 27 2005	Perfect place to stay	Mr. Bowden, Dana, and all the staff:Our trip to London earlier this month was all the better for the accommodations and hospitality of the Hart House Hotel.Quite frankly we didn't know what expect on our arrival -- short of the description of your hotel on your website. But that description was &quot;letter perfect&quot; -- even more so.From the very moment we stepped through your front door, we were treated with a warm welcome, immaculate and most suitable accommodations.We learned, the following morning, that each of our days in London would begin with a sumptuous breakfast in a most comfortable dining room served by a most friendly staff.When we returned to our rooms at the end of each day, we found, once again, perfection in the way the room was cleaned and the beds freshly prepared for another good night of sleep.I could go on, but I believe you get the gist of our visit to the Hart House Hotel -- exceptional, 5-star, most highly recommended.Thanks, again, for helping make our London visit memorable.	
May 22 2005 	will never stay here again	My husband and i stayed at the Hart house hotel in the month of may for a week.we found the location of the hotel very central and the rooms very clean.the breakfast was nothing great to write back home about but no sweat really.what we found very difficult was the owner's rather not unfriendly but RUDE response to every kind of a harmless simple touristy inquiry.once we even had to hear him shouting and complaning about how he works so hard,his staff feeds us and all he earns from all that was negligible amount of money!we were so shoked by his nasty temper that we will rather look for another hotel next time altho this was a great location and safe and clean place.	
May 4 2005	Beware if driving - no parking or loading zone	Our room was fine - 1 double bed and one twin for my husband, daughter and myself. It was clean. And we had a nice babysitter one evening. Breakfast was also nice in the mornings. But . . . there is no elevator (lift), and the reception desk staff had no useful knowledge regarding parking in the area (we arrived by car). There is no reasonably priced parking nearby, so we parked in a lot almost a mile away. There is also no loading zone in front of the hotel. So we were socked with a 50 pound parking ticket followed by a 65 pound clamping (over $200 american) while I was getting our daughter ready to leave and my husband was loading the car. The reception desk staff was completely unsympathetic, and a follow-up call to the proprietor yielded the same indifference. That leads me to think that they were just happy to get our money for the room and had no real feeling of responsibility for the happiness of their guests!	
Apr 24 2005	would stay here again...very nice	clean clean clean !! huzzah for this wonderful relief and comfort after a long day and night of touring london and the english countryside. the gals taking care of the place and so very nice and your choice at breakfast excellent. you could go very high fat to low fat..and the times were perfect for an early start. breakfast served 7:30 - 9:30 am. the rooms are typical london size..they are small, but maintained and comfortable. we had a double for two of us..room number five. i would recommend this room as well as number eight for a couple. if you are traveling with friends..the triple room was huge. the location is very central...right up from marble arch. bus number 13 runs from the strand (theater area right in front of the savoy) right up glouchester place two doors down from the hotel. paddington station is 1 1/2 miles away....we took the heathrow express train to and from paddington and walked to the hotel. you are considered staying in the marleybone neighborhood &amp; marleybone high street is 3 blocks away...lots of very nice shopping as well as great restaurants. the wallace collection is only 5 minutes away....best kept secret in london. the owner, andrew bowden was great to talk with...enjoy your stay.	
Mar 28 2005	excellent hotel	very clean and well situated. 2 complaints. Breakfast is only served until 9 which is early for vacationers and they put a 5% surcharge on bill when you pay with a credit card which they do not advise you of until checkout.	
Dec 6 2004	good place to stay	My daughters and I stayed at the Hart House Hotel the first week in November, 2004. It was in a gr8 location, between 2 tube lines, very clean and comfy. We had a room with 1 double and 1 single bed, fine for the 3 of us. It was small, no dresser, but very adequate. The breakfast was average, but a breakfast none-the-less, and the people were nice. It's not a hotel, so there's not a concierge that can direct you around, but we really enjoyed our stay there, and we were hardly ever there anyway, as we were tourists and gone all day touring! Stay there. It will be enjoyable and quiet.	
Aug 27 2004	Spotlessly Clean Smoke Free	This small hotel is basically a 16-room B&amp;B. All rooms have private baths and the breakfasts are terrific. We particularly liked the location: midway between Oxford Street and Regent's Park. This park may be London's best kept secret (beautiful well-kept gardens, open air theatre, excellent cafe). The London Zoo is at the far north-end of the park (world famous, but disappointing!). We also enjoyed the Wallace Collection, three blocks from the hotel: a better museum than the National Gallery, free admission (but do rent the audio tour), and a gorgeous cafe for lunch.	
Jul 10 2004	An OK but not great stay.		
Jun 1 2004	We got the room at the top.		
May 22 2004	Our stay at the Hart House Hotel was quite enjoyable!		
May 11 2004	Small but immaculate		
Mar 1 2004	Clean well priced medium-sized rooms		
Dec 1 2003	Nice place very clean		
Nov 30 2003	Room at the Top? -- Say NO!		
Nov 18 2003	excellent location great service - a real gem		
Nov 16 2003	Good triple		
Jul 5 2003	Adequate and Clean		
Apr 23 2009 	Bellissimo		
Oct 30 2008 	Bellissimo soggiorno all' Hart House Hotel		
Aug 1 2008 	Carino!!!		
Nov 7 2007 	absoluter durchschnitt und dafür zu teuer		
