Oct 31 2009 	Very good. I recommend.	Nice hotel. Very kind and helping staff. Clean and cozy rooms. Very quiet. Will return. good access to transports.	
Oct 26 2009 	comfortable well-run quiet clean and good service	I had a very enjoyable stay at the New England hotel. Its in a great location and near Victoria Station as well as many sights in London. The staff were very courteous and helpful. The hotel has an elevator which is a plus if you have luggage or you are on the top floor. The room was great. It was quiet as it must have good insulation. I didnt hear the people next door. Not like some other hotels in that area. Comfortable bed and the best towels. The room and bathroom were clean. This hotel has obviously been renovated not to long ago. Breakfast staff were courteous. Although the rooms may be small, the quality of the rooms and bathroom were tops. And you had an electronic key which is a plus. I wouldnt hesistate to stay there again. Clean, well-managed, courteous staff, and comfortable.	
Aug 31 2009 	thank you new england hotel	after checking on several hotels in this area without sucess because it was a winbledon week and so all hotels are fully booked we arrived in this hotel on d 21st June 2009 without an internet booking because we believe in physical seeing for what we are paying. the management of this hotel went out their way to arrange for 3 rooms which we requested within a scope of 30 minutes which to me was very wonderful cos all the other hotels we went to in this area have turned our request for 13 night stay down.the hotel is very good and neat, 3 towels which are changed every other day are provided in all the rooms, and cleaners also clean the room daily.this hotel is very close to victoria train station from where one can connect to all part of england.this place is realy a value for money, and once again thank you england hotel. i will come back again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Overpriced for what it is.	I booked a triple room for myself, wife and teenage son at this 3-star hotel. I paid what I felt was a fair price for a 3-star hotel in a good area of London in August.When you arrive at the hotel it looks elegant from the outside but when you enter the reception area to check in you get a bit of a surprise. Where has all the space on the ground floor gone? My question was soon to be answered. They asked for payment at the check-in which also surprised me a bit and we were allocated our room which was located at street level in front of the small reception area. There are 3 rooms located on the ground floor opposite the reception desk.The triple room was really a small double room with 3 beds in it. There was no wardrobe simply because there was not enough space in the room to install one. So with three people and 3 suitcases we were cramped for space. The bathroom was also very small . Being at street level with traffic-lights outside our room, it was quite noisy at night with the window open in the warm August weather. On the second night we decided to close the window.Breakfast is served downstairs in the basement in a rather poky dining-room. There are far fewer tables than rooms so it was not surprising that we had to wait a few minutes to get a table. We only had breakfast there once because it's not worth bothering with. We found good places in Victoria to have a proper breakfast but of course you have effectively bumped up the price of your room.The problem with this hotel is that it simply isn't of 3-star category. It doesn't have any of the basic facilities you would expect of a 3-star hotel and the room and breakfast were well below the standard expected. The only aspect of this hotel which was 3-star level was the price.Finally, when we checked out, I had to ask for the receipt when in all 3-star hotels I have previously stayed at, this procedure was automatic.	
Jun 5 2009 	Slightly dissapointed nice location but very dated	Room facilities are, at best, average.......rooms were very small and the decor very antiquated. Appreciate that this is London and would expefct less for our money, but this hotel is in dire need of modernisation. Breakfast poor also, very minimal choice, since when did people serve biscuits for breakfast???? Travelled as a young couple, will definately spend a bit extra and stay elsewhere next time I come to London. On the plus side, that staff were friendly and helpful, the close proximity to Victoria tube and coach is a bonus. In short, wouldn't recommend, would suggest you spend that little bit extra for a bit of comfort and choice. Adios!	
Oct 17 2008 	Good value for the money	I've stayed in this hotel for 5 days in October 2008 and it was above my expectations. Everything was clean and tidy. Staff was friendly. Breakfast is good. Sure I've had better ones but this one was quite decent too. Just a bit too early for me :-) Room was a bit small with improvised wardrobe but still adequate. Location of this hotel is perfect tho; you can walk to most of the attractions (Hyde park, Buckingham palace, London Eye, St. James Park, Trafalgar Square, Kensington palace, Houses of parliament with Big Ben, Jubilee gardens...) and Victoria Station with great connections is 5 minute walk away. I'll definitely check with this hotel first when coming to London next time.	
Oct 12 2008 	Dreadful	I was on the same course and staying in this 'bowel of hell' at the same time as the previous reviewer whom I could not agree with more!Tea &amp; toast, in my opinion, does not a continental breakfast make.In addition to the horror of unwrapped soap on the toilet another of our colleagues endured hairs on the blanket and as for health &amp; safety, I stayed on the top floor, in the nose bleed section, only to find the fire door propped open and the fire exit taped off!Less than 10 yards down the same street is a great western hotel which was cleaner, safer, CHEAPER and had a bar!!!!Do yourselves a favour and check in there instead, do NOT be swayed the apparent 'quaintness' of the exterior, this hotel (well B&amp;B without the B) is in a fabulous area but there are many more superior places to stay within that fabulous area!	
Sep 17 2008	Do not stay here!!	Where do I start?..... Well firstly I was put up here for a course from work and if I was paying for it I would be out of there like a shot!OK... firstly the room....DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY.... the sills were caked in dust.... the curtains look like they have never been washed and the nets were grey. The carpet.... OMG was dusty and dirty and probably has not seen a carpet cleaner in years. They put OPEN soap on the sink and toilet of all places.,... there is no bath mat so I had to use a full size bath towel on the floor so I did not injure myself stepping out of the inadequate shower...Small TV that hardly worked volume wise. The room is small (dont mind that in London) but was filthy.Off to breakfast.....Ha ha!Walked down the stairs of the disgusting carpet which was held together with gaffer tape and had not seen a hoover in god knows how long. Into breakfast room, the girl serving (nice girl) bought Tea or Coffee and a choice of juice..... and wait for it...... toast. That was it!! Continetal breakfast apparantly..... we gave up and went to breakfast in some of the nearby establishments. I can not believe the hotel (laughingly called) was graded at all... the inspectors seriously need to visit this flea pit..... and I can call it that as I saw one on my bed!!! I nearly died. Unfortunately I was stuck there and couldnt wait to get out fast enough home to my lovely clean bed.My advice...... for the money .... get a travelodge/premier travelinn or go on last minute or late rooms.... save your money.	
Sep 2 2008 	Good value for the price.	Staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was reasonable and sufficient. We would stay there again.A. L. S.	
Aug 22 2008	Assistance in Time of Need	We stayed at New England Hotel in London a few years ago. On July 16, 2008, we found ourselves stranded in Dover as we missed the ship on which we were sailing on a Baltic Sea cruise.  After we got back to London, since we are not internet savvy, we prevailed on Jay ( the owner) at this hotel to help us out. Jay booked for us the cheapest flights to Copenhagen and guided us on how to get to the alternative airport (Stansted) that we had never used before. He did this while taking care of his current guests (one needing an extra pillow, another needing some directions, etc.). Because of his help, we were able to get to Copenhagen the very next morning and meet with the ship a day later. We are indebted to Jay for this kindness.	
Jul 28 2008 	The place to stay in London	After being invited to the Buckingham Palace Garden Party . We needed a hotel in easy reach of the Palace and the New England Hotel was perfect. The staff were all very friendly and couldn't do enough for us from getting cabs to taking photographs when we were all dressed up. The rooms were modern, very clean and had every thing we needed for our stay especially the fan I think it may have just saved our lives in the 80 degrees of heat. We will definetly return and pass on the details of the hotel to our friends	
Jun 11 2008	Laughing now but...	Their website is very misleading...3 star luxury? Kind of funny now though...my room was clean enough(main thing!) but super small...only one towel...no soap...the shelves are installed about 7 feet up the wall so have to jump if you want to put something on them. The best is the breakfast...there is a notice on each table &quot;Dear guest, please present yourself to the serving hatch (12&quot;x12&quot; hole in the wall at chest height so you have to bend over and peer in) with your room no. and key (like someone is going to sneek in for this) and place your order from our menu&quot;....which consists of a choice of orange juice...coffee..cornflakes...white toast...and that's all folks! You're told to help yourself to cereal and juice so actually it should be called the toast hatch. Will stay elsewhere next time.	
May 29 2008 	disappointed	Stayed here for 2 nights in May '08.Although rooms were cramped, this is no less than we expected as had stayed in similar B&amp;B in same area.Location is great for all the sightseeing but we have one major warning:Despite earlier remarks - went down for breakfast on a Saturday morning - all we were offered was tea or coffee and toast. Nothing else. Toast.Two slices of bread, toasted and cut in half.If this is thier idea of bed and BREAKFAST- forget it.We stayed 2 nights and did not even bother to go down to breakfast on second morning.Will never, ever stay there again and will not recommend this establishment of anyone.Yes, they have an elevator (or lift) but stops at half floors. We had handicapped person who was in wheelchair. If you stay on 3rd floor, you must go in elevator to 4th floor and expect handicapped person to walk down a flight of stairs. Likewise returning to room.This is not a hotel to recommend unless you have full use of all 4 limbs and are prepared to go out and get your breakfast elsewhere.Sorry, but this is the way it was	
Mar 31 2008 	Loved the new england hotel	What a very pleasant surprise! My business partner and I happened upon the New England Hotel accidentaly (we were disappointed with the hotel in the neighborhood which we had booked on-line as well as the Hilton in Manchester). We have each traveled for decades to many destinations and the New England Hotel is definately one of our very favorites. The key is the people: the staff was extremely helpful, providing us with the best exchange rate for our U.S. dollars, helpful directions and reccomendations for dining in the neighborhood as well as holding rooms for us on our return later in the week. The rooms were pleasant, clean and well attended to. The breakfast was good and nicely served in pleasant surroundings. The location was perfect for us, being near Victoria Station with easy transportation to all destinations. Our business will take us to the U.K. many times in the future and we plan on making the very comfortable New England Hotel our regular London &quot;home.&quot;	
Mar 18 2008	Great service!	Great location. 5 minutes walk from Victoria station. Staff is very helpful and its low price makes it a great place to stay. Would recommend it highly.	
Jan 15 2008	Simply the best one	I had an oppertunity to stay in New england Hotel, London for a two weeks period. I compared it with many other accomodations in central London but found it simply &quot;the best One&quot; in all respects. thank you &quot;Jay&quot; and the team for an excellent hospetality . Fazal Qadir Qalbani, Pakistan.	
Dec 24 2007 	Just perfect	I’ve stayed in New England hotel two years in a row 2006&amp;7 during summers ( 7-8 nights in total ) . Very nice location – close to main tourists attractions. A street with beautiful white Victorian houses stretches in front of the hotel .The small reception did not border me because it was just a passing way. In the first year I had to get used to the small size of the room but it was like home in the second. Being there for holidays it wasn’t my purpose to spend much time inside so it fitted my needs. It was just I was looking for: nothing fancy but convenient. Clean sheets, clean bathroom, good breakfast and very warm personnel.In my opinion the personnel makes the difference. Very helpful and friendly Jay, Anjie and rest of the staff were trying to please everybody. I really appreciate all the efforts your were putting in for making my stay pleasantDefinitely I will repeat this experience .	
Dec 10 2007 	such a disappointment	such a nice Victorian building outside and so disgusting inside.I would compare it to an hostel. horrible decoration, dirty carpets and curtain in your room, disgusting breakfast that you would not touch a thing!! the only good thing: the location but believe me there are plenty of better hotels in Victoria!	
Nov 1 2007	DON'T GO THERE	I have just returned from a 3-week trip which included a stay at the New England Hotel in London/near Victoria Station.I actually saw this hotel in a London Visitor guide which I had obtained and of course it sounded like I could afford it and it had amenities I needed; ex. elevator/en suite facilities. I booked through the hotel. Three nites cost me $387.00 which isn't all that bad, or was it??? It was a B&amp;B and the lobby was small as most are; not a problem here; used to that. When I opened the door, I knew I was in trouble when the door hit the twin bed. Upon entering the room I set my suitcase on the bed as there was no other place to put it if I was to close the door. The bedding (blanket, coverlet were filthy. The curtains were at one time white sheer, but not were grey and opaque from the dirt. There was a tiny table and chair( which was so filthy I used plastic bags as a chair cover both seat and back) in the room with a TV on it; so therefore no place to put even my eyeglasses. I believe the room was once without a bathroom and they plunked one right in the middle of the room. The nicest part was the bathroom, toilet, sink and shower. However, I had to buy bleach to rid the tub of mold. The carpet was so badly stained and moth eaten that I used one of my two towels on the floor so as not to step on it. After spending two hours cleaning the place with bleach, disinfectant, I felt I could sleep in the room; after all it was only for 3 nites and I was gone mostly during the day. Well another lessoned learned.....gee, maid for a day on vacation....Note, this hotel had no reviews, I just went by what I read in the tourist guide and on the website.. Big mistake. They did serve a simple breakfast.... I hope they maybe can clean up there act there, as it was a good location to the Victoria Line; but I don't think so.	
Nov 1 2007	Friendly but average	Would have to say that the New England Hotel was very friendly, family run hotel but... on the good side, bathroom although small was clean, good hot water and water pressure. Basic hot breakfast which was fine. Good, friendly service. The down side, as others have stated, was the bedspreads were very shabby and need to be renewed. One older style blanket, very narrow and the sheets were equally narrow. A change in these three things would have made a difference.Location was central but we found Victoria to be very busy with the coach station, undergound and district lines., lots of smokers to avoid outside. Mosty we only needed the underground and our last stay was very close to Gloucester Rd and was fantastic. Would have stayed there again but the hotel was no more!	
Oct 8 2007	Great place to stay. Safe clean and close to Victoria Station.	I found The New England Hotel to be easy to find. As a single woman traveller, I found walking to and from Victoria Station (a 5 min walk) to be very safe (day or night). The hotel was very clean and looked to be newly decorated yet managed to reserve that old &quot;English&quot; ambiance. Jay and his family were all very accomodating and very friendly. It was my home away from home. The single room was small, but it suited my purpose pefectly and most importantly, it was very clean and cost (69 pounds per night). I did tours out of Victoria Station daily, and found The New England Hotel to be in a very convenient location on a well lit street. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, as I would definitely stay there again myself. My only issue I had with the hotel is that they only serve the complimentary breakfast from 8-9 am, and all the tours require you to be at the bus station by 7:45 to catch the tours on time, therefore, I was not able to eat breakfast at the hotel. If they would have served from 7 - 9 am, I would have been able to save myself an extra 10 pounds each morning. That is my only negative issue with the hotel.Thank you Jay and staff for making my first visit abroad and my first time travelling alone, a very satisfying experience. I will definitely return.	
Oct 4 2007 	Simple B	I posted a favourable review back in Oct 2006 and have no reason to change. The 4-star rating means 'above average' for the price. Where else could you get bed and cooked breakfast for 70 quid?I booked through their own Globekeys reservation service.They provide WiFi at a charge but as a repeat customer they waived the small charge for me.The clean, small, and comfortable room has TV and ensuite shower. No air conditioning, no tea maker in the room, reception closes at 11pm, if you need 3 star service move up to a real hotel and pay £100 or more.It's in an area behind Victoria station with hundreds of B&amp;B and small hotels. Good hotels are hard to find at that price so having found one I came back to it. I recommend you print a Google map or the one on the hotel's website as Victoria Station has local maps on the walls but baffingly none say 'you are here' so you've no idea what direction you're facing until you go out and look around.Walking to the historical attractions at Westminster you pass through living London neighbourhoods with tailors beside second hand comic shops, supermarkets, street markets, everything.	
Sep 25 2007 	Never again	Well what can I say, definatly never again! Upon arrival we were greated with a rarther rude and abrupt lady, being not very helpfull. Above all the smell will be the memory that haunts me forever, the overwelming smell of spices as we entered the hotel...We were given the keys to the rooms, again the smell upon opening the door was again stomach churning but this time it was the awful smell from the bathroom, stale, unclean, sewage like.The room its self was quite spacious howver it looked as if it had not been cleaned for years, the curtains thick with dust, the bedding ripped and stained.We did not dare eat in the hotel and left as early as possible each morning, returning late in the evening as so to spend as little time as possible is such an awful place.I asked for an iron at which point I was told will be up in the breakfast room in the morning prior ro breakfast at 7.30am. I did request I take it to my room, this was not allowed...When I did use the iron, it was a cheap value version that I was not even allowed to put any water in, &quot;just sprinkle water over the clothes&quot; I was told, all us ladies out there know you need water in the iron, thats how they work....Overall a very dissapointing hotel which I will never recomend or return to.	
Aug 27 2007 	Wouldn't stay again	My partner and I stayed at The New England Hotel for two nights and it cost £191. We were most disappointed upon our arrival. The 'hotel' is actually more like a guest house and can not possibly be a 3 star rating.The reception desk is very small and straight next to the entrance. Once we had checked in we used the lift to the top floor and were amazed at the size of the room - it was very small.The hotel website stated that the hotel had been redecorated. I am not sure when! The quilt cover was dirty (although the sheets and towels were clean) and the plug sockets / light switches and pullies were very dirty. The net curtains looked as though they had been up for 10 years plus.There was an iron but it was in the breakfast room. We took it upto our room struggled to iron as it was so cramped. The iron looked like a Tesco economy iron and leaked lots of water over my parner's shirt so he couldn't wear it that night.We have stayed in many hotels in London which were much better than this. I would try and get somewhere else!I must add that all of the staff were very pleasant but their politeness does not make up for the quality of the hotel.	
Aug 20 2007 	We compared several hotels and chose New England	We had been looking for a hotel to use in our regular (twice a year or so) trips to London. We spent a day looking around the Pimlico/Victoria area and found the New England to be the best value, location, and level of comfort. We have not been disappointed. The rooms are well-appointed, comfortable, clean, and attractive. The service is attentive. The location is outstanding, and for this combination of factors, the tariff is an exceptional value.On our most recent visit, accompanied by two nieces, we again found the hospitality to be just what we needed for our stay in London. Convenient to Victoria, well-managed, clean, and comfortable, we found it to be an excellent base for our tourism. In brief, we have no complaints, and have consistently recommended the New England Hotel to friends and co-workers. We will continue to make it our home in London.	
Aug 2 2007 	The New England checks several squares	The hotel gets mixed reviews on-line and my family has mixed reviews on it as well. But, I am the one who liked it because I was going for that local appeal. I didn't want a Marriott. It had a room for 4 (although very tight, rare find), it was secure, quiet, neighborhood has the London environment I wanted the kids to experience, walk to little cafes, a large grocery store is on the walk from Victoria (for inexpensive water supplies in July with no AC or ice in the country), Jay tries hard to please at the desk, the breakfast staff works hard, etc., we got good advice and no issues. This is not an American style hotel. I paid twice as much for an accidental zero star hotel in Lucerne that was just as small for 4. We dragged our luggage from Victoria and had a little trouble finding which direction to leave Victoria Station- it was more of a distance that I thought, but OK to walk once you know your directions. And, if you want to see WICKED, which is a trip highlight, this is the area to stay. There are at least 10 hotels along the walk to Victoria similar to the New England. We stayed at The George Hotel in Crawley for a small town feel and that hotel was older, more worn, and dirtier. The day we arrived we were able to walk most of the London sites - although very, very, long walks - enjoyable and close enough to make the walks. Expect small rooms, smaller hallways, a small elevator, older interiors, a nice breakfast room with fresh eggs and toast, and people who will chat with you.	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice hotel in a good location	We booked a discounted room through an online travel site and were given a small, but clean room on the top floor. Fortunately, the hotel has a lift. Bed was comfortable, and shower pressure and temperature were adequate. Staff were very helpful and fixed problems like being short on towels quickly. Breakfast choices are limited (egg, bacon and toast or cornflakes and toast), but this seems to one of a few hotels in its class in London that still offers hot breakfast with the room price. Also, breakfast hours are limited: 8 to 9 AM, not good if you have early activities planned.Location of the hotel is a plus--on a quiet street of Georgian townhouses but close to busier streets with an interesting variety of moderately priced (for London) restaurants. I wouldn't pay the full rack rate for this hotel, but if you can get a discount through an online agency or by calling the hotel, it's a decent value.	
Jul 15 2007	Pubic hair found on pillow	We entered the room, saw pubic hairs on the pillows and semen stains on the sheets. This was disgusting, so without further ado we left, had to pay two nights extra, and were informed by the incredibly rude staff that semen and pubic hairs were normal. Avoid this dive like the plague. We stayed in the Thistle Victoria, which although by no means five star, is perfectly acceptable and usually has availabilities.	
Jul 14 2007 	Nice little hotel in a good location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Our main criteria for choosing a hotel in London were less than £100, close to a tube station and in a decent location. This hotel ticked all of the boxes.The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Victoria down a quiet side street. We were given a warm welcome and the staff were friendly and helpful throughout.The hotel itself was fairly basic. It was in need of redecoration (stair carpets had been taped up and paint work was badly marked) but the hotel felt clean and comfortable.Breakfast was a choice of cereal and toast or eggs, bacon and toast. I don't really understand previous reviews that complain about this as it was simple and tasty and similar to what I'm sure most people would have at home.In summary, the hotel was a basic small hotel and I would happily stay here again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Hotel ok wouldn't return!	We stayed at this hotel from monday 9 july till wednesday 11 july. i had read the reviews on the website and was hoping that the hotel would be as expected, but no it wasn't! we arrived to be greeted by a rather unhappy man on reception. he told us what room we were in and we had to pay then, we could pay on departure, i thought this was very strange. we then asked for a kettle for the room but told no could not have one we have to pay them one pound per a cup of tea or coffee! the room was ok it was clean but not the cleanist it could have been. hotel in perfect location for the shows we went to see at appollo and victoria palace theatre. went down for breakfast and to be honest theirs no point in going down for it! we asked for toast and cereal but we only got the toast wich was two rounds of bread and one sachet of butter.there not over generous! the orange juice was ok but the coffee was vile! on the seconf morning we went to the cafe nerro round the corner as we didn't see the point in staying for a shocking and cheap breakfast. if you have the bacon and egg just bear in mind you get one rasher of bacon and one egg, thats it!! the staff were very unhappy and rude and didn't want to help you much at all. we then asked for a teaspoon as i have medicene which has to be mixed with a spoon, he wasn't going to give us without a fight! the to top things of on the morning of departure you have to vacate your room by 10am it was 9.30 and the cleaners barged in our room and getting ready to clan it.overall hotel was terrible and i would never return here again. Location is good for the appollo and victoria palace theatre.	
Jul 11 2007	Small but OK hotel	We stayed in the New England Hotel after looking through Trip Advisor reviews. This hotel wasn't our first choice but the other choices were already booked. Our experience was good, not wonderful, especially considering with the US to UK exchange rate we paid a lot for an average room. The room was very small, but also very clean. To conserve water, the shower was mearly a trickle of water, slightly annoying. Breakfast was my biggest gripe. Buying an English breakfast in London costs about $20 for two people, so eating breakfast at the hotel is smart (if you're on a budget). We were informed that breakfast is only served from 8:00 to 9:00 in the morning. Unfortunately many days we wanted to leave the hotel at or before 8:00 to see all of the wonderful London sights. This meant we only ate breakfast at the hotel 2 out of the 5 nights we stayed. I felt that the staff could have been more accomodating to it's guests and at least offer a cold breakfast.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great location good neighborhood friendly staff	Spent June 11-14 at the New England. We were really happy with the location - 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and the neighborhood was safe and had plenty to offer. Our room was on the third floor in a corner location facing the street - suprisingly no issues with street noise, and being it was our first &quot;European&quot; hotel room we had no issues with it's size. The breakfast was fine for getting us fueled for the day, and we found Angie and the staff to be helpful and pleasant. The next time we are in London we will make our home base the New England Hotel!	
Jun 26 2007	Home Away from Home	This is my second stay at the New England in the last several years and I consider it my 'home away from home' when in London. Proprietor Jay remembered me even though it had been a few years since I last visited and treated me like one of the family. This was a fairly short stay -- only 4 nights and I choose one of the single twin rooms at 69 GBP a night, which includes breakfast. This smaller room is just fine for a short stay though it is cozy. If you're staying longer than a few nights, I suggest you upgrade to the larger single. Although not air-conditioned, the room was equipped with a fan and the weather and wind in London kept the room quite cool. The hotel is clean and well-maintained. I had a street-facing room and was a little concerned about the noise keeping me awake but these concerns proved to be unfounded and I slept like I was at home in my own bed.Breakfast is served in the downstairs and guests have a choice of a traditional English bacon/eggs/toast breakfast or cereal along with a selection of juices and tea or coffee. Jay and his staff are very willing to accomodate their guests' requests and supplied me with an extra pillow and held my larger luggage while I took a quick sidetrip to Paris. His night deskman was most helpful in procuring a taxi for me at 4:15 am to take me to Waterloo station.Additionally, Jay is very knowledgeable about the neighborhood and made several excellent recommendations of area restaurants (check out Kazan's) where I was able to take my client and friends. There's also a new Sainsbury market (like Whole Foods) right around the corner on Wilton Road, which has just about everything, including prepared meals (very tasty) for when you're on the go.The area in which the New England is located, Victoria/Westminster is very central to all parts of London and is just a 5-7 minute walk from Victoria Station -- you can get just about anywhere by tube within about 15-20 minutes. It's safe to walk at night -- I came home several nights after 10:30 pm and felt quite safe as a single woman walking from Victoria Station to the hotel.The Hotel New England is one of the best kept secrets in London. It offers the opportunity for guests to feel what it would be like if they actually lived in London -- in a neighborhood, shopping, eating and playing in the neighborhood like a native would do. Although it's a hotel -- it does feel more like your home while you're in London. I recommend it highly, particularly for the single woman traveler.	
Jun 21 2007 	Bad experience	My husband and I reserved a room for 7 nights at the Hotel New England in London after reading very favorable on-line reviews of this hotel. We liked the location, near Victoria Station, and the fact that the hotel was non smoking. We anticipated a small, attractive and clean hotel, with buffet breakfast. We found the hotel quite attractive on the outside but cramped and dirty on the inside. The carpets were in terrible shape, dirty and worn and stained, the beds were mediocre, the bedspreads were stained, and there was not a buffet breakfast, only toast and a choice of a fried egg with bacon or cornflakes, served in a small basement breakfast room. The cost was 89 pounds on a weekend night and 95 pounds during the week. The unpleasantness of the hotel negatively affected our impression of London, so after two days we decided to change hotels. We advised the hotel that we would be checking out the next day. The hotel penalized us for insufficient notice and charged us for one night that we did not stay in the hotel. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 16 2007 	Nice London Hotel Good Price!	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I felt like I had a pretty good handle on what to expect at the New England Hotel, and it was all very accurate. The staff is very friendly and helpful, especially Angie. She helped us decide what to do our first night there, recommending Picadilly Circus/Leicester Square to us, and it was good advice! We had a great time.The room was a little on the small size, but expected with a London hotel, especially in this price range. Four of us (two couples) stayed for 4 nights in a family room with 2 double beds for ?140 per night. It was a little bit of a squeeze, but very manageable. The hotel is very clean and the staff is very willing to give you fresh towels and things when you ask for them. Our window opened and we had a fan we could use, although the weather was a little on the cooler side and we didn't need it. The breakfast was just what we needed to get going in the morning- nothing heavy, but simple and delicious. We had our choice of cornflakes and toast or bacon, eggs and toast with juice and tea or coffee. As everyone has said, the location is fantasic. There are quite a few restaurants, shops and grocery stores nearby, and the Victoria train/tube station is only a 5-10 minute walk. We used the tube quite a bit with our Travelcards (highly recommended, by the way- the Travelcard- if you are spending any time in London at all) from Victoria, and it was the perfect location to be in. Overall, we were all very satisfied with our stay here. We felt safe at all times and enjoyed this hotel as our London base.	
Jun 15 2007 	Excellent stay	I needed to book a family room for my sister, my elderly dad and my young daughter. Booking a reservation through email was very easy andthe replies to all my queries were very efficiently dealt with. The hotel is security wise, not a problem. The entrance door is controlled from the reception counter and the hotel is monitored using CCTV. The room door used an electronic lock and the door is very secure. The room though simply furnished was in good order. The housekeeping was no problem at all. The staff, Jay and his sister Anjie are excellent. I found them very helpful and warm. They have been in the business for a long time and their advice always useful.The location of the hotel is very convenient; near the Victoria Underground and the Victoria Coach Station. Due to the location, travelling around Central London was not a problem for a first timer like me. I had no difficulties catching a cab near the hotel or directing them to the hotel. Coming from a very safe Singapore, I did not at any time feel unsafe in the surroundings of the hotel. There were many eateries nearby. I also did not have any difficulty obtaining groceries and other miscellaneous items from the nearby shops.Given that the hotel was suitable for an elderly man and a young girl of 5, I am sure families will not have a problem if they chose a room at New England.	
Apr 26 2007 	A fine establishment!	Everything was very nice at the New England Hotel. We heartily recommend the hotel to anyone who asks. Nice, clean, well kept, secure rooms at a reasonable London price. The elevator is a great plus, for those of us getting on in years multiple flights of stairs can be painful! Jay and Anjie are friendly helpful hosts.We really liked the location as well, and we so enjoyed the dinners we had just a couple of blocks down the street. The New Jomuna Indian restaurant and the Cyprus Turkish restaurant were very good and so convenient. Great memories.	
Apr 12 2007	Smiley faces make you feel like home:)	You want to stay in the center of London, but you want the hotel to be located in the safe and calm place? You want to get a delicious breakfast in the morning? You want a supermarket to be located nearby the hotel? You are not ready to walk more than 10 min to get the bus, coach or train? And the most important, every time you come back from the long walk you want to see the sincere smiley face making you feel so welcomed and long-expected? It means New England Hotel is really your place to stay in London:)	
Dec 1 2006	Pleasant welcome clean warm and pretty breakfast room.	I recommend this little hotel, just 5mins walking distance to Victoria Coach and Train stn. Perfect for business trips - the hotel is clean (sounds obvious but...), warm, safe and practical. Family run B&amp;B hotel, where owners are polite and welcoming. Oh! And reasonably priced!H,Nov.06.	
Nov 23 2006 	Repeat customer.	As an mature female traveller who sometime needs &quot;affordable&quot; accomodation in central London between ventures I find this hotel meets all my needs. The location is good and safe even very early in the morning and late at night. The &quot;complimentary&quot; light breakfast offers a good start to the day. Dead easy walk to Victoria trains, tube and coach station. Many quaint little cafes and shops and even market stalls in surrounding streets. And of course not forgetting a large Sainsbury&quot;s just around the corner. There is also another smaller Sainsburys within Victoria Station complex. Remember we are talking central London, so even if the rooms are small the price is good for what you are getting and where else would you get a free breakfast thrown in for goodness sake.	
Nov 7 2006	A clean place to sleep	The hotel is a ten minutes walk from the underground and buses at Victoria Station. We had two rooms (one twin and one tripple) that were small but clean. The beds were comfortable but the pillows a little too hard and the blankets didn't look too clean.The breakfast was insufficient but quite okay. We would have liked a buffet, even though it's nice to be served.Since our stay was in November we had no problems with hot summer nights and our room had two mirrors (including the one in the bathroom).Overall we think that the New England Hotel is a good budget (?) alternative if you're looking for a clean place to sleep in the expensive city of London.	
Sep 30 2006	Great little hotel	Great little hotel for trying to find something affordable in London for the budget traveller. They had a hot breakfast which was okay, and its a good safe location near Victoria station. Rooms were small but nicely decorated and clean. Angie and Jay at the desk were really nice.	
Sep 29 2006 	Perfect location--Great stay	We just returned from this hotel and had a wonderful stay. It is a ten minute walk to Victoria station, Gatwick express, and Original Tour Bus through a quaint little neighborhood with local pubs and restaurants. The room was typically small and clean. Our day started off with a plentiful breakfast, and the staff, especially Angie was very helpful to us. We will be back again!	
Sep 28 2006	Totally overpriced and its not even that expensive!!	We knew this was not going to be the most luxorious of hotels judging from the price and the photos we had seen. But this hotel really is not worth the price!There are other hotels in London that are the same price and are leagues better! If the New England were charging £65 a night I could not complain but I have got to know other hotels in London, in a similar location that are so much better. The plus side were the fluffy white towels, although these are not changed every day...we did ask for more and were provided with them straight away. There are no tea making facilities but again, we asked and the staff were polite, providing us with a kettle and 2 mugs. Carpets felt grubby and our room was tiny, hardly enough room to get around the beds.Breakfasts are really poor, just cornflakes or a cooked breaky which was average, no fruit or anything else. we didnt even bother on the second morning.You will be disappointed, its cheap (ish) but trust me, you'll find better!	
Sep 20 2006	Good location; helpful owners/staff	We recently stayed at the New England Hotel for three days. It was our first trip to London. We were given a very pleasant greeting upon arrival and lots of local information and advice. Angela and Jay were always helpful as we departed and came back to our room each day. The room was very small, but I understand that this is common in London. It was clean, the TV worked well, and we had everything we needed. The simple breakfast also provided a good start to the day. The hotel has an excellent electronic key system and a lift to serve the higher floors. We found the location to be great for arrival and departure at Victoria Station, and for exploring London.	
Sep 5 2006 	Not Good	Great Location, only 10 mins from Victoria. We stayed here in August, and there was no Air Con- Very warm but we had fans supplied. The Bathroom was tiny, with a towel covering some kind of pipes near the floor- disgusting!Place needed a good hoover- very dusty.There was no mirrors at all in the bedroom, so after a shower you had to wait for the mirrors to de-mistfy- not grt when 3 girls are sharing!!Arriving back after a hard days shopping it wasn't great to find a black bag of rubbish ( from all the other bedrooms) in the middle of our room. We also noticed we had got 2 clean towels between the three of us. One of which we had to ask to be changed because it was dirty. When we asked at reception for sufficient towels, we got the reply; &quot; Oh, you want clean towels every morning?'- considering it was August, and we were taking at least 2 showers a day.....!?!?!?!Check out is at 10am- which sucks. Our phone rang at 10.05am- telling us to check out. When we left at 10.20am , the whole family- (Granny, Granddad, etc!!!) was standing outside our room- staring at us, big time.Would not recommend this place, nor would I ever stay here again!!R.S.D. - Ireland	
Aug 30 2006 	Jay and Anjie Extraordinaire	Jay and Anjie were so helpful while we were in London staying in this family owned B&amp;B. We stayed here a week and they were always polite and helpful with travel advice, money exchange, and directions. The rooms were comfortable and clean. Location was great and close to grocery, Victoria Station and Coach station. Only wish breakfast was earlier as we started our day before it was served at 8:00-9:00. Would recommend to anyone staying in London and will return next visit.	
Aug 2 2006	Convenient London Location	The New England Hotel is family owned and opperated. Located near Victoria Station it is convenient to shops and pubs. Our room was en suite and while it was very small it was clean. The breakfast was good and the staff were most accommodating. Jay and his family have owned the New England for 25 years and their pride showes in their care and service. The only points of concern are the noise and there is no air conditioning. (We visited in July and it was hot.) Bring ear plugs and hope for mild temps.	
Jul 24 2006	Central to Everything	Within walking distance of most of the major attractions. Victoria Station with its central line and District line offer direct access to those you can’t walk to.The staff is friendly and helpful. The beds and bath are very clean.The only drawback (it’s a tradeoff for the great location) is the traffic noise from the street – it’s a very busy area. If you are used to street noise a first floor room will be fine, if you prefer a bit more quiet ask for a room higher up or on the Warwick Way side.	
Jun 20 2006	A Pleasant Stay	On our way home from Madeira, we stayed three nights in February at the New England Hotel. We chose it because the prices were reasonable and it was close to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express. We were glad we did. We especially enjoyed the good service and friendly staff. We will make it a point to stay there again when we are in London.	
Jun 16 2006	one night visit	I stayed at the New England Hotel with my teenage daughter for a theatre trip visit.We were very pleased with the room. It was very pleasantly decorated and clean and the beds were comfortable. The reception staff were most helpful.	
Jun 12 2006	My London Home	The New England is a first class hotel with friendly and helful staff. The rooms are superbly clean and the food excelent. After three visits I never stay anywhere else when in London. Keep up the good work all at my London Home.	
Jun 9 2006 	Very nice hotel in superb location	For the last two months I have been staying in New England 3 times and enjoyed it very much. The location is superb, full of shopping centres, nice pubs, restauramts and cafes. Tube/coach/railway stations are in 5 minutes walk from the hotel. The staff is very helpful, flexible, friendly and open to the guests' feedback to make their staying more enjoyable. The hotel is cosy, clean and has sort of domestic environment. Very first time I stayed in New England I made a comment that it would be great to provide iron to the guests. Next time I arrived, Jay, Hotel Manger, took care of this and I was very pleased to find a new iron in my room. Third time the iron was provided in a 'it-goes-without-saying' way. In my opinion, this hotel is perfect for singles, tourists and travelling couples. Not sure if it would be that good if you are travelling with little kids. To the management team I would recommend to provide a bigger selection of food for breakfast, for example, to add vegetables to traditional English Breakfast or more pastry/yougurts for Continental Breakfast. Overall, I am personally planning to stay in this hotel in future and highly recommend this to other people travelling in London.PS Please bring your own shower supplies.	
Jun 8 2006	Looking for a great place to stay in London?!	June 8, 2006My wife and I have just returned from a 16 day stay at the New England Hotel, located at 20 Saint George's Drive, Victoria, London SW1V 4BN. The Location of this hotel is within easy walking distance of Victoria Station, espcially for travellers using Gatwick airport as our point of entry.Added to this, the room was priced well within our budget which included breakfast, and ensuite facilities, and very comfortable. The owners, Jay and Family were warm, welcoming and helpful. The establishment was clean, safe and secure. This is a facility that I will stay at again, whenever my travel plans include London as a point of destination. I have recommended this Hotel to several of my fellow employee at my office since my return. One of them is planning to visit London with his family this summer 2006. Date of my arrival: Wednesday May 17, 2006Date of my Departure: Friday June 2, 2006 This might not be &quot;The Ritz&quot;, but you get value for your money!	
Jun 8 2006	great place to stay	We couldn't ask for a more friendly place. the front desk was great,and the behind the scenes staff made it feelmore like a home than a hotel.Loved it and would come back without a second thought	
Jun 7 2006	Our Whole Family Loved It!	Our family, including my mother, brother, husband, and teenage daughters, all agree that we will be staying at the New England Hotel the next time we get to London. The staff is great. They made us feel like family while we were there. The rooms are clean and the location is very convenient. We even enjoyed making the reservations!	
Jun 7 2006	Friendly Staff / Good Accommodation 	Overall, our stay has been very enjoyable. The staff was always gracious and helpful. Besides the dated furnishings, the hotel is very clean and efficient.	
Jun 6 2006	Ideal for our needs clean and friendly staff	We were in London to do and see as much as possible in a few days.The New England Hotel, being within walking distance of Victoria Station, was an excellent base.The hotel offered basic breakfast and accommodation, and it was very clean and tidy and the staff very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 6 2006	Treated us like family	My family and I stayed here for the better part of a week and had a wonderful experience. We were warmly greeted and made to feel at home every time the staff saw us. The location is perfect for seeing the sights of London. We look forward to another visit.	
Jun 6 2006	Nice Hotel and staff	My wife and I stayed at the New England on a weekend. We thought the room was comfortable and the staff was very nice. They were certainly trying hard to please. The hotel is fairly close to Victoria station and buses which made it convenient. The morning breakfast was good, as well. It is only from 8 to 9 though so there isn't much room for fooling around. Thanks to Divina and Jay.	
Jun 6 2006	excellent hotel	we came from scotland to stay in london to celabrate my husbands brithday and take in a show. the hotel and its staff only added to our enjoyment and made it an enjoyable weekendi found the hotel to be very acessable, you could acess all areas of london from this locationthe staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help you it was easter weekend when we stayed and even though the hotel was busy you felt that due to the service you recieved you were the only guest there.Breakfast was excellent and well presented  i would certainly stay there again without hestiation when ever i am back in london	
Jun 6 2006	Good Hotel	Very nice and helpful people inside, rooms are small but clean and welcoming, also it is in a very convenient location to start visiting London, highly recommended	
Jun 5 2006	Great Location	Very nice hotel in a convenient location. The proprietor was very friendly and helpful.Rooms were small, but clean and comfortable. Good security.	
Jun 5 2006 	highly regarded	Overall rating above averageDefinitely exceptional in response level to all requirements/requests.Pleasantly surprised at the hotel's size; very clean, friendly and helpful staffOverall reviewPleasantly surprised after receiving such a poor recpetion at Hanover Hotel where I refused to stay on Health &amp; Safety grounds as floor had collapsed and contractors were still working on repairs yet they were still accepting bookings!St george's Drive is a very convenient location within walking distance of the Victoria Station, usefully placed to get to lots of places for work and leisure yet quiet at night.Service above level expected in a small establishment. Caring and responsive attitude to guests.Room - very pleasant. Bathroom well equipped. shower worked well. Water hot. Hair dryer to hand. Couldnt find tea/coffee things which would have been useful.Value - as a single guest prices don't compare with value.Cleanliness - very good in every wayBreakfast - requests dealt with cheerfullyRatings Room Above average; Service Above average; Value average; Cleanliness above average; Dining above average	
Jun 4 2006	Pleasant Place New England Hotel	Our stay at the New England Hotel was a very pleasant experience. Both the location and price point for London were good. The hotel staff was very helpful with any questions and requests we asked of them. The rooms were neat and clean and it was nice to have the elevator at the end of a long day of walking to see all the sights. We would recommend a stay with this hotel.	
Jun 3 2006	Very friendly and welcoming	I stayed in the New England Hotel for the second time. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean, but sometimes a bit small. Anyway, good value for money.	
Jun 3 2006	Location Locatin Location	This is an excellent choice for a budget category hotel especially if flying into Gatwick. No tube travel is necessary to arrive at the hotel, which is a big deal if you have to juggle luggage and crowded tube conditions. The hotel room and bath are very very clean, and the beds were really comfortable.You can set up tours from the front desk upon arrival, the process was very easy, and the tour was excellent. As a first time visitor to London, I felt very comfortable in the surrounding area. You are very near underground, train , and bus connections. Many major sites are within 2 tube stops or a brief walk.	
Jun 2 2006	A fabulous and welcoming hotel	I stayed at the Hotel for four days and the experience was wonderful. The aspects that impressed me most were how quiet the rooms were (and we had a room facing the busy street yet slept soundly due to the lack of noise), how convenient the elevator is for those of us who have heavy bags, how modern the shower was (hot water always available and the water pressure was strong as well), and best of all, the comfortable beds (the mattresses were as comfortable as ours at home). Not to mention the friendly and helpful staff who run this hotel as a warm, inviting, family business. I highly recommend this hotel to those who are planning a stay in London. The location is so convenient (one morning I was able to walk to Buckingham Palace down to Big Ben and Parliament and back; not to mention that Victoria coach station and the underground are just a few blocks away) and the facilities are quite up-to-date. While the rooms are not vastly spacious, ours was more than enough for two of us with four large pieces of luggage. As well, the room was very clean, the towels very large, and the atmosphere was very nice. I will not hesitate to stay at the New England again.	
Jun 2 2006	a grat hotel	this is a good hotel,it's very clean and confortable. if i return in london i woul like to stay in thi hotel again. the staff is friendly	
Jun 1 2006	A Very Good Find	Besides the cleanliness, location and value, the staff makes or breaks a hotel. The New England was just right for us. Jay &amp; his staff made us feel welcome from the start.The rooms are neat and clean, small but typical of London size rooms.The elevator is great, especially after a busy day of touring. Excellent location, near lots of sights and Victoria Station. Breakfast is simple but adequate. Many places to shop and eat nearby. We booked on-line from the US, very easy to do business with the New England, would repeat if coming back.	
Jun 1 2006	Looking for a good value?	We found the New England to be a good value for a modestly priced hotel in London. Within walking distance of Victoria Station, it issituated in a nice, quiet neighborhood; cabs were also extremely accessible. Just down the street, we found a nice little family restauraunt where we ate several times and also a corner store for junk food.The staff was friendly and most accomodating. The rooms are not spacious but the beds were comfortable. If you want a clean, affordable place to stay and can accept function over fancy, the New England is a great value.	
Jun 1 2006	Very nice hotel very hospitable service	Very quiet, easy to access and attentive service. Nice hotel, very basic, clean and well tended. I would come to this hotel again - Good for a long stay!Personal service beyond my expectation, very convenient to all of London's sites and city events.	
Jun 1 2006	Terrific Location 	Excellent Location – close to tubes, good surrounding areas, can easily walk to many tourist attractions. There are very good restaurants + pubs closeby. Owners and staff are friendly + helpful. Rooms are clean, bright and well tended, but small. The breakfast is okay but not much variety if you stay for a week. Could have a few more selections. Overall for location, price quality and service I would recommend it, and would come back again. And I have personally recommended it to my friends as well.	
Jun 1 2006	A great location to start visiting London	I chose this hotel for the location (Victoria, London) and for the good rewies read on this site. I stayed with my parents 4 nights in room 38: a nice and clean room with 3 single bed and a bathroom.First of all I have to say that the elevator is big enough for 3 person with a suitcase though what I read in other rewies.The roads around the hotel are quiet so you can sleep without problems.The breakfast (tea or coffe, juice -orange or apple-, toasts butter marmalade, beacon or cornflakes) was enough for us.The best of this hotel is the attention to the guests. It's a family run hotel and the hospitality is great.From the hotel you can easly reach by feet coach, underground and rail Station, then following the Buckingham Palace Road you arrive in front of Buckingham Palace without paying for transports.Hi from Italy	
Jun 1 2006	Highly recommended	This was my first trip to London, and the accommodations and staff at the New England Hotel made it the best. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The staff treated me and my son like family. They were eager to help with any problem, and make suggestions to help us get the most from our vacation. The breakfasts were very good and the service was fast and efficient. I hope to return soon and look forward to a repeat stay.	
Jun 1 2006	wonderful location great amentiesand helpful staff!!!!!	We were so glad to find this wonderful hotel...within walking distance to Victoria station and Buckingham Palace. Very helpful staff and the good english breakfast every morning woudl start our day. We will return to this hotel on our next London &quot;holiday.&quot;	
Jun 1 2006 	Fantastic Atmosphere	For someone who detests London Hotels, The New England was a welcome change from the normal corporate blandness experienced at some of the big chain hotels. It's excellent central location and friendly owners keep me coming back.	
Apr 29 2006	Great location attentive service	We stayed in the New England Hotel in London for 3 nights in April. The hotel is very close to the Victoria station which is very convenient for train/coach services. The rooms are clean, well maintained and adequate. The breakfast is simple but nice. We like the breakfast room. Jay and Anjie are very good hosts. They took care of all our needs during our stay (eg. getting us an iron, find out information on the internet for us etc.) and they are very warm individuals. We would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 29 2006	Cozy B+B Centrally Located	Moderately-priced cozy rooms are close to Victoria train and coach stations. Anjie was very accomodating - she booked our Windsor/Bath/Stonehenge tour, got us our Big Bus tickets etc. Jay arranged an iron and ironing board. Anjie made a pot of tea when I really needed one. She was also kind enough to store some sandwiches we had made in the refridgerator so we could take them on our bus tour the next day. Overall, staff and accomodations are very good. One more thing, Anjie went outside of their hotel's normal operating procedure in booking us for one night (Saturday March 25th) - the hotel usually does not allow one night bookings during a weekend, but since we had stayed March 12th - 16th they made an allowance. We thought this was very accomodating of them.	
Mar 22 2006	Charming Place in London	The New England Hotel is a charming little hotel in Westminster. It is very convenient to transportation, just a few blocks away at Victoria station. The rooms are comfortable and the staff is most helpful and cheerful. Everything is clean. Your day begins with an English breakfast in the dining room as the ‘Time Tunnel’ radio station gives you a taste of UK radio. The room is tidy with a comfortable bed and furnishings. Everyday it is prepared for you after a day of sightseeing.The front desk can provide tickets and information to all the tours and attractions.It is easy to imagine being in Victorian London and having your horse drawn carriage deliver you to the door of your New England Hotel. You climb the steps and open the sturdy wooden door and walk into the charm and service from an earlier time. You will enjoy your stay here.	
Mar 16 2006	Just fine	We stayed at the New England Hotel in Feb. and March 2006. The Hotel is in a great location near Victoria Station. It is close to Buckingham Place, the Thames and if you don't mind walking a bit, many other attractions. The room we had was nice, a bit small but that was to be expected. The bathroom was very clean, lots of hot water and the staff friendly and helpful.	
Mar 16 2006	My Home in London	This was my second stay at the New England Hotel and I enjoyed it just as much as the first. Anjie and Jay are so accommodating and friendly. The breakfast is very tasty (even after 12 days) and a nice way to start the day. The hotel is very clean and within walking distance to the Underground. There are very nice restaurants and a grocery store in the neighborhood. The rooms are quiet and comfortable. Wonderful hot showers (bring your own shower supplies). I will definitely stay at the New England Hotel again.	
Jul 8 2005	Great Hospitality		
Sep 18 2004	Wasn't the best		
Mar 3 2004	A great deal at the New England		
Jan 7 2004	Disappointing		
Jan 1 2004	Very very noicy		
Nov 26 2003	Clean good value		
Oct 7 2003	Great place to stay		
Aug 11 2003	Home away from home		
Nov 24 2008 	Un Hotel Normal en Londres		
Jul 22 2008 	Silenzio e quiete nel centro di Londra		
Sep 11 2006	Bruyant et contraignant		
