Oct 5 2009 	Very cute hotel in a perfect location!	We LOVED our stay at the Gate Hotel right in Notting Hill Gate. It is the perfect location, near bus stops, the tube, Portobello Road (a Starbucks!!) - everything you need just outside your door. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and made our stay easy and seamless! Of course small rooms - that's what you get at a B&amp;B like this but it had everything we needed as we were hardly in the room! I would definitely recommend!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic location!	My wife and I just spent 3 days at the Gate and enjoyed our stay there. The room was very small, but very clean, and so reasonable for a Portobello Road B&amp;B. I stayed around the corner 2 years ago and payed almost the same amount for a total dump! The room was decorated nicely, the bathroom looked almost new and there was plenty of hot water in the shower.our fridge worked fine and was a nice addition to the room. The breakfast was served to our room and was simple but enough. Toast, coffee/tea, cereal,juice, and bananas(one day). And if you want a more substantial breakfast, well walk a few yards in any direction and you're in the middle of a number of restaurants. The location is fantastic and the owner was kind and helpful. I would definately stay there again. For a little more money you can get an upper floor room with windows. We don't spend a lot of time in the room anyway, so the fact that it was small didn't matter all that much. A nice find for the area.	
Jul 6 2009 	Dirty and cramped	Great location. Very cramped accommodation. Bathroom was filthy with dead spiders, cobwebs that looked like they had been there for months and the toilet was dirty! Breakfast very basic. We left dirty towels in bath for replacing as instructed and when we returned they had been hung in bathroom to dry out!	
May 23 2009 	Tiny	Located at very nice neighborhood. Transport to mayor city atractions is very easy. Room is tiny, tiny, and no so clean. Rugs need to be cleaned badly, Breaksfat is fare. People is nice. If you drive a car is not a good place to stay because it is in the congestion area were you have to pay 8 GBP a day.	
Jul 18 2008 	Gate Hotel newly refurbished	Stayed at the Gate Hotel for the second time now Once last year and once this year. I have to say the new owner has done a lot of work and renovation to the hotel and it looks great, a real fresh look to the rooms. A very warm feel to the place. Very close to the station and the location on Portobello Road itself is great. Breakfast is served to your room and it was fine, all you could ask for in a continental breakfast and it is included in the room rate, so makes it very reasonable. Would definitely recommend the Gate Hotel.	
Dec 31 2007	Gate Hotel: Great B	Clean, easy Tube access, plentiful breakfast, great host/owner. Best location: Street market , restaurant and stores nearby, nice, upscale neighborhood. Cant beat the rate! Jasmine, the owner/host is very helpful, personable and accomodating to your needs. I will stay there again!!!	
Nov 27 2007	The outside is better than the inside...	I stayed at the Gate Hotel for the w-e and I think it's ok if you don't expect so much from an accommodation.The location is great (2 minutes fro the Tube and in Portobello Road) but the room is awfully small and old !Moreover, the towels are not changed everyday !!!!Having the breakfast served into the room is relaxing and romantic but a little bit scanty...	
Sep 29 2007	Very cramped rooms and terrible breakfast	I booked this hotel mainly because of the convenient location and value for money. But to be honest I would have rather paid more and stayed somewhere pleasant than the horrible room we were given. The exterior of the hotel is lovely and is opposite a great pub. It's also 2 minutes from the tube so access to all the London sights is quick and easy. However, the room itself was cramped and smelled stale. The curtains looked very grubby and didn't even fit correctly. The en suite bathroom door barely closed and the shower head attachment was broken. Also, when our neighbours went into their bathroom it sounded like they were in ours!!!!The breakfast was, to say the very least, disappointing. We were expecting bread rolls or croissants. Instead we receieved 2 slices of toast each, cornflakes, a pot of yoghurt and a pot of hot water!! When we asked what the choice of cereal was we were told there was none. Added to this we got only one portion of butter each.All in all this hotel is quite simply a base. You really don't want to spend any time there at all. My advice is just to stay away.	
Jul 1 2007	Good location basic accommodation	Great location on Portabello Road. Quiet at night. The luxury Double was fairly small, and basic but adequate. Tea and coffe in room, and a comfy bed. Owners quite helpful. You pay for the location, and the size of the room is probably a fair reflection of what you'd get in other hotels in London. Less than 5 minutes walk to Tube Station anda great range of reasonably priced restaurants and pubs.	
Apr 24 2007	Good value for the money	I stayed here for a week in June 2005. I was a female travelling solo, and felt very safe in the area, even coming back late after a show. Very tiny room, and tiny bath, but at least it was private. Decor was kind of run down, but seemed pretty clean. My mini fridge did not work when I checked in, and they had someone by to fix it right away. (they might have even replaced it, it was working when I got back later that evening.) Walking distance to all kinds of shops and food, and of course, it's on Portobello Road, so you have the market right there. I would definately stay again. Cold breakfasts were very filling, always delivered promptly after ordering. Also very nice about requests for early wakeup calls, which they do themselves, not an automatic machine. I agree with another person who said the &quot;taxi&quot; they arranged for them was indeed a private firm, not a London cab, therefore more expensive. Call your own cab and save money!	
Feb 13 2007 	Homely little hotel	Me and my partner recently stayed at the Gate Hotel. It is now under new management and I have to say the new owner was great. She helped us with local information and made our stay very comfortable. Room sizes are ok, what do you expect for a small hotel in Notting Hill. Breakfast was delivered to our room at the time requested. It was a continental breakfast which was fine with us. The location is great, right in the heart of Portobello Road. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 6 2006 	Worth the price but not amazing	For the price, it was quite nice. The room was tiny and the bathroom miniscule, but it was clean and homey. The staff was friendly but seemed busy and hard to catch. I had an overnight flight and was allowed into my room much earlier than their posted check in time- they were even apologetic that I had to wait 30 minutes for the room to be cleaned. Breakfast (cheese, ham, fresh friut, yogurt, cereal, coffee and milk) brought to my room was not a problem- it allowed me to plan my day and check my maps before starting out each morning.While this is not luxury accommodations, it's clean, safe, in a great location and well worth the price.I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great value	Great value. Not exclusive. Not a very professional staff. Not the coolest decoration in the world, more british as we all know looks quite awfull (sorry brits). The bathroom is quite nice though.The staff is on the contrary very nice and try to do what they can to help you. Instead of a breakfastroom you get it in you're room, which is a great! The location is also perfect, not to far from the metro and ON Portabello road. I love this area, and I find it's hard to belive that anything else is possible. Would reccomend it to the ones which don't want to spend a lot of money, and don't care to much about how cool the place is.	
Jul 12 2006	A Quaint B	My best friend and I found The Gate Hotel while walking through Notting Hill one day. We had already stayed a couple days at another horrible hotel and could not stand it any longer. We asked for a room for the next ten nights, although on such short notice, we were not expecting much. The hostess was so nice and accomodating, she arranged for a car to drive us back to our other hotel to pick up our bags and bring them back to us. In the meantime, she arranged it so we could stay there for ten nights, even though it entailed her moving us a couple of times from room to room. She charged us the rate for the cheapest room in the place every night of our stay, even though there were several nights we stayed in the more expensive rooms.  The first night we were in a basement room, which was nice, clean, and comfortable, although there was not much light. The other upstairs rooms are much nicer and larger. Some face the street (which is quiet at night) and others face a private garden. Still, the basement room is not at all &quot;mildewey&quot; as some might have you think. One night, the entire hotel was booked up (there are only 6 rooms) so the hostess let my friend and I stay in her own room, while she slept in the front office on a sleeping mat! She charged us half price for that night, too. She was also extremely helpful when it came to any questions we had about the city and things to do there. She arranged for a nice private car to take us to the airport early in the morning, so we didn't have to worry about a thing.  The breakfasts were more than generous--better than a continental breakfast at an American hotel--and she delivered them right to our room every morning when we woke up. They consisted of milk, tea or coffee, cereal, toast and jam, orange juice and fresh fruit. It was so much food, my friend and I often ended up saving the fruit and juice for a mid-afternoon snack. One night, around 11:30 or 12:00 we couldn't figure out how to turn on the tv, so we called the front desk. The hostess was so kind to come up in her bathrobe to fix it for us. Now that's service and dedication! As others have noted as &quot;the only good thing about the hotel,&quot; the location cannot be beat, especially for the price. This place cost us only slightly more than a hostel would have, and the quality is 100 times better. It's nice safe location, and my friend and I felt completely comfortable walking back from the shops/restaurants at night. There are alot of great shops and ethnic restaurants along the few blcoks between the hotel and the tube station. And on the weekends, Portobello Market is literally in your front yard.  All in all this is a really great budget hotel. The service, quality, and location cannot be beat for the price. It is great for anyone who is looking for a nice, quaint, comfortable hotel and doesn't care about having an excessively luxurious room. (Hopefully people don't travel all the way from London to stay in their hotel rooms anyway). We were more than impressed!!!	
May 27 2006	Grubby	Cramped. The bathrooom door didn't close. Only place to sit was on the bed or on a badly stained stool. Carpet soiled. Proprietress arranged a &quot;taxi&quot; to Victoria Sta but some private car showed up, which was not allowed to use the taxi access to Gatwick Express. Relatively cheap at GBP 80 but still very poor value for the money.	
Jul 14 2005	good location but that's about it	This was my hotel of choice when a husband and wife team owned it a few years ago. They were delightful and it was a cute place. It was then sold to other owners and my experience there with the new owners was really less than gracious. I had the misfortune of catching the flu while staying there-in a mildew-y basement room and was viloently ill. The woman that ran the front desk was less than helpiful -even demanding that I leave for the day so she can make up my room. That meant walking around in the rain and I certainly was in no condition to do that. In retrospect I should have checked into a hospital. My stay there, being sick with this unhelpful and arrogant staff honestly was pretty traumatic. Not to mention their lousy breakfast of cocoa krispies doesn't really cut it either! Look elsewhereTina, NYC	
Jun 17 2005	Contact the Gate Directly	If you make a reseravation, contact the Gate DIRECTLY, do not make a reservation through a service. They are awful. I received a reply back from the Gate directly and they are very pleasant and have been having trouble with Londonby.com. So remember that when you contact a service, they are not the hotel itself.	
Nov 18 2004	Just OK Great Location	We stayed at The Gate Hotel in August. The location is great, right in the heart of Notting Hill and the hotel is ok for the price. We were upgraded to their largest room, which was clean enough and decently appointed. The service was very sweet but very young and clueless -- they forgot our breakfast. We called and reminded them and they still never came. The breakfast is pretty lousy anyway (just white toast, cocoa puffs, diet yogurt and lots of instant coffee with only 2 teabags). Still, I would consider staying again if I couldn't find anything better for the price.	
Jan 14 2004	Terrible reservation service	I made reservations for March back in November through their website. I received a booking number, but never received a confirmation. It is mid January and after 4 emails to them, they continue to email back saying they don't have my reservation and that the number I provided is under another name and date. You would think that they would just see if they still had the availability and offer me something despite their mistake, but no. They continue to email me in BOLD letters that the reservation is under another customer's name with a different date. Needless to say, I cancelled the reservation that apparently doesn't exist. I wouldn't even be surprised if they charge me when that date comes around because they can't seem to get it together. Very disappointing and I chose them from Frommer's.	
