Nov 19 2009 	would prefer to pay more	Small completely bare bones rooms. A swung cat would soon be brained. Have been pared down too far so even things like a shelf in the bathroom are missing and had to put toiletries on top of the radiator. Zero storage apart from a few hooks on the wall. Very little room to manoeuvre around the room if there are two of you. Can fit luggage at base of bed but then need to climb over each other to use the bathroom in the night. Has aircon but still hot so not a good night's sleep which was important before a long haul. Noisy fire doors can easily be heard. The one socket is inconveniently above the bed head. The lurid orange wall behind the bed is a very bad idea. Very handy for Paddington to Heathrow.	
Nov 6 2009 	Ok deal but then again it's London	I wanted the cheapest room avail with a good central location and cleanliness. This fits the bill. First of all, I read the reviews, so I knew the room would be a closet. There was only area around the bed to walk, no closet. The bathroom was tiny too; you could even wash your hand while still sitting on the toilet. Not that I would, that's just how small the bathroom was. They provide you with soap and shampoo from a dispenser. I preferred the toiletry I brought. The service was lackluster. I was told that the room would be 39 GBP per night, but it came out to like 50 something. The problem is that they just give you the total price and don't itemize the costs for you. So I assume that the VAT was not included in the advertised price...even so that's big increase...so there must have been some other fees. The front desk person was not helpful. They said that they could not pull up the info on their computer. I guess that's what keeps the cost down. Despite paying about 100 USD a night, this was still a great deal for this area. We paid extra to have internet...I don't remember...20ish GBP for 5 days or something. The area was great. This was a 3 min walk from the Paddington Tube Station, and had lots of convenience stores and restaurants around. About a 10-15 min walk to Hyde Park. Rooms are not cleaned while you're there...I think you pay extra 10 GBP for that. Bottom line: Don't expect much and you'll be satisfied. Great location, lackluster service.	
Oct 21 2009 	At the base rate of £25 it might be just about ok but don't pay more.	I understand the EasyHotel concept. It's ultra-basic in return for being ultra-cheap. I've stayed at Earls Court and Heathrow EasyHotels and been happy with both.But this was very poor. I got told off by a staff member for pressing the intercom button because I thought the door was locked (and the web site suggests it will be locked upon arrival) which didn't really create a very welcoming feeling. Then there was the room itself. The small size is to be expected but the room just seemed worn and uncared for, with a horrible floor (it looked like concrete with a layer of grey paint on it). But worst of all was probably the noise - the noise insultation is almost zero and I had a room next to the linen closet. Between that door banging shut, other room doors and sounds from the floor above I really don't think I slept more than an hour or two.Location-wise it's within easy walking of Paddington Station, but not as close as I was expecting.There are worse hotels than this and if you can get it for £25 and are a sound sleeper it might be worth it. But any more than £25 and it starts to feel very overpriced very quickly.	
Oct 19 2009	Tiny but perfect if you just need a bed for the night	Stayed two nights in a small ground floor double room, no window, with my 5 y.o. son while we were sightseeing in London.Is ideally positioned 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station so is great for either linking with the Heathrow Express or using the Underground to get around town. Plenty of food choices around, nothing fancy but you’ll get a satisfying feed (The Exchange near the local Laundromat is a kid friendly pub with good hospitality, and the food is tasty and cheap) Sainsburys and M&amp;S have express stores at the train station so you can get the basics at reasonable pricesCheck in process went without a hitch, and they even let us check in early without charging us extra. Reception is manned 24 hours and everyone we dealt with on there was friendly and tried to be helpful, including booking us hire car for our early departure.Now to the room. I knew it was going to be small, website has dimensions etc but was still taken aback at the lack of usable floor space for bags and moving around. Effectively good sized double bed surrounded by the walls on three sides with a little built in bedside table. My carry -on luggage took all the little bit of floor by the bedside table. That leaves the area between the door, bathroom and bed. About 6 feet long by two and bit feet wide my big case used most of that. I expected a small room, had read the reviews and basically it’s exactly what I thought it’d be. If you don’t mind stepping over your luggage you won’t find it a problem.Bathroom tiny like onboard a ship, but very clean and functional. Must say bed was really comfortable too.Room has small LCD TV (you pay to get the remote which is worthwhile) and we had an air con unit so could control temp really well. Wi-Fi available and vending machines in receptionI’d stay here again – cheap, clean and good location. Not everyone’s cup of tea, but if all you need is a bed easyHotel is perfect	
Oct 13 2009 	Cheap good location no frills whatsoever	This hotel knows its audience. In a city of VERY expensive hotels, the easyHotel is filling a void. The rooms are TINY but the website says as much, and there's no way in a city like London that you're going to spend any time in the hotel room anyway. Our room had its own bathroom - big plus - and a window. &quot;No window&quot; is an option but I wouldn't recommend it; that'd be like sleeping in a stuffy shoebox!One caution though...the shower doesn't have a &quot;lip&quot; on the bottom to catch water. I nearly flooded our entire hotel room! Don't use the shower full blast.The easyHotel Paddington is a five-minute walk from Paddington Station where you can catch regional trains (i.e. to Windor Castle) or the Tube to central London and all the touristy sites. London's tube is just the best public transportation system I've ever seen, so you don't even need to worry about the fact that this hotel isn't right in the middle of the action. It's surrounded by cheap little restaurants and pubs, too, so there's plenty of food options.I would stay here again. It was perfect for a couple of backpackers who wanted to experience London without going broke.	
Aug 30 2009 	Depends what you're after.	OK - first thing first, my 'real' score for this place is 2.5! I felt a 2 would be unfair, so I've had to bump it up to a somewhat generous 3. It's really a 50/50 call on this place and it depends of course on what your plans are and what you're looking for in your stay.Yes the hotel is quite close to Paddington - just a few minutes walk.Yes they will charge you to store luggage, but you probably know that already.Sure you will pay extra for a TV remote control, more towels, more pillows etc, but it's not like you'll want to spend much (any?) time in your room, apart from sleeping/showering, so the extra costs are not that bad really - just don't do it hey!Of course the room is small and basic, that's the point. That being said, it's not uncomfortably small - though we did have one of the larger rooms &quot;with window&quot; (overlooking a scuzzy courtyard)! I'm not sure what I would think of the smaller/window-less varieties on offer...What this place has going for it is that it's simple/straightforward to check-in and check-out, the rooms are clean, tidy and secure. These may sound like odd things to be complementing them on, but the amount of reviews you read for 'budget' London hotels where people say the bathrooms were filthy and mouldy, the window/door locks were broken (&quot;I had to sleep with a chair jammed against the door and one eye open.&quot;) etc, and you realise that yes they are very important!So if you're just looking for a bare-bones, but clean and tidy, place to sleep, shower and that's about it, then this could be your place.I notice that a lot of easyHotel critical reviews cite the wide range of &quot;better places for the same money in the area&quot; - but who knows what these places are...if anyone does, please let me know!PS, the room's not THAT orange...	
Aug 24 2009 	Bed bugs!	I stayed in room 110 for one night and came away with over 100 bed bug bites. Bed bugs are highly mobile and a building can become infested extremely quickly. I informed the management of the hotel so the room could be cleaned and other rooms could be checked for infestation but I have yet to receive a response. Very dissapointing for what is meant to be a world class brand operating in a world class city.	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Really value for money	We stayed in this hotel last year in summer and we paid £109 for the same room..... this time we only paid £59 ..Some facilities were missing and there were some extra charges but we are happy and will be coming again in next summer.As before excellent staff, great location and just 20 mins to heathrow airport.We will highly recommend this hotel to everyone for short stay in London as we find this hotel safe and good location with always ready to help staff..	
Aug 11 2009 	okay but probably won't return	The best thing that I can say about this hotel would be the location.The con's of this hotel would be the fact that they charge extra for commodities like £5 for a remote per night to watch television, which you could get for free in something like a 3 star hotel. If you were to pay for all the extra things that would come standard in a 3 star hotel it would cost around the same price as one anyway. The only thing you're paying for really is the location, which if your not that fussed on I really wouldn't recommend this hotel. The bathrooms can be a problem as the shower will cause flooding. The window in our room was pretty much broken, and wouldn't open properly. Also found some porn magazines under the mattress, so I would question whether they change the sheets at all. The wall between the corridor and the room is paper thin, so you can hear everything that goes on outside, especially the cleaner at 7 in the morning rumaging around in the cleaning cupboard, talking as loud as they like. The pro's, like I said before, is the location but to be honest it wasn't even worth that, also the reception staff were friendly and quite helpful.	
Aug 9 2009 	easily the worst hotel in london	I booked a double (with window) here months ago, and paid 55 pounds, mainly because of its proximity to the Heathrow Express. We arrived at about 11.30 pm and were checked into a room in the 'sub-basement.' The subterranean room was too small to fit two people and two small bags, it smelt like a used portaloo (a noxious mixture of chemicals and stale extretea), the 'window', which measured about 1 foot by 2, opened not to the outside, but to the cupboard where the cleaning fluids and dirty laundry are stored (which no doubt added to the noxious and persistent odour of the room). And its lights remained on all night - shining onto our faces.When I complained about the room/window/light/smell, the polite but ineffective receptionist said there was nothing he could do. As it was late, and we had pre-paid, we stayed. There weren't many alternatives. However, it was a terrible experience, and represents a massive and insulting rip-off. I have stayed in a couple of worse hotels, but they were in desperate situations in the third-world, and were a lot cheaper!In all, all I can say is DON'T STAY HERE, even if you are tempted by the convenient location and cheap price! It is not value for money, you may catch something, and you certainly won't have a good night's sleep. There are plenty of small, independent hotels in the area that offer much better value and a more comfortable stay. Indeed, this was such a bad experience, I will even avoid flying EasyJet , despite their attractive prices- I am now a very uneasy customer!	
Jul 26 2009 	A single is not a double	Having booked the room long ahead, I got a decent rate; I think it is the best you can get there (GBP35). For a long time I had wanted to try one of these EasyHotels ... and I was very disappointed.OK, I agree, I booked a &quot;small room&quot;. But I wouldn't have expected that this implied a small bett on top. Effectively, the bed we got (even after changing rooms!) was clearly a single bed. Sorry, that's not what I booked.Even worse, on the first morning, we were woken up at 9 by the receptionist knocking at our door, saying &quot;I need to get in this room&quot;. Ten minutes later, the cleaning lady tried to enter the room, again. When we got to the reception half a hour later, we were told that we had to change rooms (again), because they had to do &quot;maintenance works&quot;. We accepted, because she offered us a room with a &quot;real&quot; double bed.Therefore we spent the second night in what was supposed to be top of the notch at EasyHotel. Still very small, no space for your luggage. The bathroom was very small (no problem with that) and I got the impression that the whole will get filthy quite soon.The positive side? As others mentioned, the location, very close to Paddinton station. That's it I guess. Thank you, EasyHotels. That was my first and last time.	
Jul 23 2009 	Tiny room but very practical and great value	If all you want to do in London is crash on a bed, take a quick shower and enjoy the city, this is the best place. I've stayed in B&amp;Bs in London before and most of them are old looking and quite tacky but quite expensive. Easy Hotel is simple, no beating by the bush: a double bed and a bathroom, that's all you need! Everything was very clean though they didn't clean our room during our stay. The location is very good, 2minutes walk to tube station, 5 min to Hyde Park, reachable by night bus. The main asset of this hotel is its price, £50 per night for 2 people.	
Jul 8 2009 	They just ignore my complain!	I was booking a No window small room for one night. It state there is a double bed inside the room from the website. However, there is a single bed inside the room when I check in. I try to complain it, but they just ignore me.....	
Jul 6 2009 	excellent	it was great stay with easy hotel paddington every thing was more than above in terms of customer services, cleaness and service though room was cozy but fine	
Jul 4 2009 	Unhappy experience	My trip to London and Paris (4 June – 17 June 2009) was first 5 nights at London, then 5 nights at Paris and then the last 3 nights at London again. The accommodation for all the 8 nights at London was booked for EasyHotel, Paddington. Due to rescheduling of my flight, for the last 3 nights, there were 2 bookings, one for the first 2 nights and the other for 1 night. All the 3 bookings (for all the 8 nights) were confirmed and paid before 24/4/2009 on-line. I paid for “standard” rooms with window for all the 8 nights. According to the website information, the size of the room should be 7.6 – 11.0 sq. metres, while the cheaper “small” room is with size of 6.0 – 7.5 sq. metres. When I arrived at EasyHotel (Paddington) at 10a.m. on 4 June, I asked for a bigger “standard” room (within the allowable range). The receptionist just told me that all the rooms are the same and gave me Room 109. When I entered the room, I found that there was only a narrow space of less than 2 feet between the 2 edges of the bed and the walls, with the other 2 sides of the bed abutting walls. I wondered what a “small” room would look like – with all the 4 sides of the bed abutting walls! When I got back to London on 14 June as an ‘old’ guest, the receptionist was very kind and helpful. He managed to give me a bigger room (Room G1) which I knew is a “special needs” room and there was no booking for that room for the 3 nights. He gave me the room for the whole 3 nights (14-17 June). He did confirm that the room is for the whole 3 nights and just asked me to inform the reception on the 16 June morning as a courtesy. On 16 June, when I got to the reception at 10 a.m., I saw the receptionist arguing with a couple on the size of their room. She promised the couple to try her best to give them a bigger room and asked them to come back to her after lunch. Then I came to her and told her that I was at Room G1. When she heard that, she immediately told me that I need to change my room because someone else had booked my room. I explained to her the arrangement made by her colleague on 14 June and that I have already been occupying the room. She just rudely said the room is for “special needs” and her colleague had made a mistake. She then showed me on the computer terminal that no “special needs” room was available on-line on that day which meant that Room G1 was not available and therefore I needed to get out of the room within an hour. Then I asked her when the double booking was made, whether before or after the time when the room was allocated to me on 14 June morning. She just refused to check it out and insisted that I needed to change my room. I said that it was ridiculous. On 14 June, the receptionist knew that my bookings were for 3 nights and he did confirm that I can keep the same room for all the 3 nights. If I need to change the room, I would not take the room at the very beginning. It was just a nonsense to change the room for just one night. I also pointed out to her that the non-availability of Room G1 that she showed me on-line was misleading, since I have already occupied the room and that was why Room G1 was not available on-line. Then she told me that I could keep the room. Up to that moment, I knew that she was just cheating me all the way that there was a double booking for Room G1. If there was really a “special needs” booking, she wouldn’t let me keep the room at the end. Otherwise, how could she manage to accommodate the “special needs” guest on that day.	
Jul 2 2009 	Really Small room ...	I stayed there for my budget. The location is very good. The room (White + orange) is really clean, but the room is soooooooooo small. My room has window, on the 1st floor. It's lucky, coz no escalator, we need not to bring our big luggage up and down its too narrow stair...our room is the first one near the stair, at night when we slept, too noisy I think. No service at all except paying money. The towels, bedsheets didn't changed for 4 nights. The room is so small and it's difficult to place 2 luggages as well. But I wi\ould say that it is really good for single traveller.Apart from these, the staff is nice too.	
Jun 21 2009 	Its a EASY hotel	the stairs are narrow and echo when a person uses them, if you have a room near the stairway, good luck. The bath was *really* tiny with no place for clothes except on the toilet seat. It was difficult to walk as we had to place our bags on the floor in lieu to tables. The TV could only be seen from one bed and my brother had to move to mine when he wanted to watch the telly. If I had known about the abundance of hotels in the area with similar prices and with free wifi, I would not have booked this hotel. The staff were either always checking their mail or watching vidoes online. When asked for food recommendations in the area there was nothing from the staff. Will be looking at other hotels for my next visit.	
Jun 19 2009 	Read their cancellation policy.	Read their cancellation policy. If you cancel, they don't refund your money, it stays in your account with them, for 1 year, applicable to other easyHotel bookings you make. There is no furniture other than the bed, the floor is the only other storage location. The bathroom is too small for a tall person, I have to stand outside it to reach the toilet paper. No phone, no water glass, no kleenex, no shower mat, no rugs, no luggage rack, no closet, my bathroom smelled, a train shakes the building during daylight hours, tv is an extra cost, and the miniature bathroom sink was slow to drain (couldn't leave the water running), shower curtain didn't keep the water from getting out. Wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Budget Hotel With Poor Service	My girlfriend and I traveled here and spent 5 nights in a room on the third floor with a decent view of London rooftops. Positives: The price tag of the hotel cannot be beat and is really economical. By staying here we were able to save a lot of money. However, due to the size of the room it would be more acceptable for a solo traveler. Our bathroom was also clean which was a nice surprise. Negatives: So small! We read reviews before we left and thought that we could handle it. We couldn't. My girlfriend and I are thin people and we still had problems sleeping on what is really a twin bed. Additionally, if you have a large suitcase it is very unlikely that it will fit in the room. When getting ready in the morning we must have ran into each other over 10 times. Another huge problem that I have with this hotel is the staff. We came early and paid the 5 pounds to leave our bags with the staff. The lady told us to come back after 3 and everything would be ready. We came back at 3:30 and found out that our room would not be ready until 4. Finally, when she told us the room was ready; the maid was still in there cleaning! Also, my girlfriend and I were willing to pay the extra 2 pounds for another pillow only the hotel did not have any! Worse than that, they did not bother to get any extra pillows for the duration of our stay. The comforter on our bed was also severely torn but I suppose that is normal at the easy hotel paddington.	
Jun 6 2009 	Cannot recommend this place	I've been staying at the easyHotel Paddington for three nights.Cleanliness &amp; Service:Let me start with the worst part: Bed Bugs (which I fortunately spotted in the first night). This is not necessarily a question of how the rooms are cleaned, but the staff at the reception seemed rather unconcerned. I was not offered another room but had to insist on it, and to actually get the room, I had to return early to make sure that not all other rooms were taken. At least the management seems to have taken care of the problem and my second room (on the same floor) was ok.Other than that, both rooms and their bathrooms were reasonably clean, but you have to be aware that rooms are only cleaned when guests change or for an additional fee.Rooms:The rooms themselves provide the absolute minimum you need. It's sufficient for a weekend in the city but not suited for a longer stay. Like their web page says: there are &quot;2 clothes hanging hooks provided&quot;, and there is hardly any room for luggage. There is no shelf or hook in the bathroom to put any toiletries.For the rooms with a window to the street, there's another downside. The hotel is in a sidestreet and there's not much traffic, but there's a noisy bus stop right in front of the hotel. Besides that, the sound insulation between the rooms is also rather bad. Location:The location is pretty good, with Paddington station and the underground around the corner and lots of pubs and affordable restaurants in the area.	
Jun 5 2009 	Small clean and affordable - much as you would expect it to be	My wife and I stayed for one night and we were somewhat pleasantly surprised. The floor is hard and lacks that comfy hotel room feeling, but you understand why it's like that - easier for the hotel to clean and it's no big deal, there were clean towels on the bed - something we didn't actually expect, there was a TV - something we didn't expect (although a remote would've been handy), there was Dove soap dispensers in the en-suite (more than we expected). We stayed in Lower Ground 3, we had a card entry system on the door handle, the room was tiny, but adequate, there were 2 pegs on the wall that we used to hang our clothes on. There was a window looking out to a small services courtyard (but at least it meant you got some natural light into the room and some venitlation. We travelled light (hand luggage) - we were only in London for 1 night, after going to a wedding and for what we needed, it was perfect. We could've stayed somewhere else cheaper, but there is comfort in knowing that there will be a standard of cleanliness from a brand like those associated with Stellios. Staff were pleasant and business like as you would expect.Good points: clean, affordable, air con, window, TV, en-suite.Bad points: small room, no wardrobe	
May 6 2009 	Not so bad... and great location	Just stayed the long weekend at EasyHotel Paddington, and did not find it to be too bad. I was there with my partner, and yes the room was cramped for the 2 of us, but literally we were only there to sleep, after all, in London, who wants to sit in their hotel room?It was adequate for what we needed, clean, and relatively quiet. Staff were friendly, location was excellent in my opinion, very convenient and with good transportation connections. The immediate area has plenty of pubs and restaurants, and it is walking distance to everything if you are feeling energetic, or 10 minutes on a bus or tube train if you are not. Its definitely not a 'memorable' experience to stay here, and not the kind of place you would dream of coming back to, however I would stay there again if I was in London and it was available at a good price. As long as you are not expecting too much, you should not be disappointed.	
May 4 2009 	Stealios - a rip off	Stopped here for just one night (thank goodness). First the good things. It was clean. The bad things are:-Room was tiny - about 8' x 6'. No wardrobe. Nowhere to put luggage. No soft lights for reading in bed. No tea/coffee making. No shelf to put toilet bag. Painted bright orange and sick colour. Lino on floor.We paid about £70 for the room with no breakfast - FAR too much for this hostel standard accommodation. We left our bags at the hotel as we arrived too early for check in.... and were charged £5!!! The TV remote control even cost £5!!! An extra pillow? £2. A cup of tea or coffee? £1 from the lobby. Towel change? £1 each. Extra blanket? £2. Worst of all, if you want your room cleaned, it's another £10!!!!This hotel is of poor standard, with awful rooms - smaller than a ships worst cabin! The price is a total rip off.... and EVERYTHING costs you extra. We shall never be going back - we'd prefer the comparative luxury of the YMCA to this rubbish hotel.A complete and utter no-no for all but the least discerning travellers who are not averse to being ripped off at every turn.DONT DO IT!Malcolm Freeman	
Apr 24 2009 	Disappointing	Having stayed in the great Easyhotel Earl's Court maybe I expected too much. We booked a room with a window and were suprised to be in the lower ground floor, overlooking some sort of tiny, grotty courtyard. The window felt very unsecure with no real lock. Bathroom stunk - there is no ventilation. And noise insulation very poor.Staff nice enough however I definitely wouldn't recommend the lower ground rooms. Not a bad price however there is a lot better value for money in the area.	
Mar 30 2009 	Too expensive for the low quality offered	I was used to go in this hotel with the previous owner (was called Boulevard hotel) and I always found nice, with small rooms, but nice.This time it was more expensive and the quality was really lower. First of all they made lot of rooms in what they called the &quot;lower ground&quot;, i.e. one level underground (and this is not said in the web reservation system). We got one of these rooms and the windows (feature for what you have to pay!) was open in a 1x1 meter court, with no view of the sky and crowded with air conditioner discharge devices, i.e. noise!The room was very dusty and the sheets had holes in some points. After a night you really run out of oxygen and if you are a bit allergic to dust (as my girlfriend) it is really difficult to sleep there.In the first morning there was also no hot water for the shower.We asked for a different room but we was told that it was the only one available (we booked via internet), even though outside the hotel it was indicated that there were room available. The location is good and the area is nice, but as there are many hotel around, even cheaper, and with real windows, next time I'll book in another hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Good located orange bed factory!	I stayed here because I was attracted to the rates - my company doesn't give a great accomodation allowance these days!I'd read some previous reviews so kind of accepted a basic but clean place to stay. I was pleasantly suprised. The room whilst small, with a window (with a view to a cellar so hardly worth bothering with the extra cost - well, the ledge was useful for storage if nothing else), had everything you need for a place to sleep and shower.I had enough room on my own with one bag, but can imagine that with two people and two bags it may get a bit congested.I did avail of the TV because it is always useful at night - its the first time though I have ever had to pay for TV, although it did have around 30 channels not just the standard 5.The shower seemed to suffer from a hot water famine at peak times so beware in the morning you may get a more invigorating shower than you expect! There is a radiator and an air con machine which suprised me, although I can imagine its probably needed in summer.Easyhotel seems to be attracting a niche market and good luck to them, If you can book ahead and get a bargain rate and don't mind small space then you will have no problems.	
Mar 8 2009 	I loved it! Favorite place to stay in London.	I booked a standard sized room with a window (3rd floor) and it cost me 192pounds for 4 nights. Thats super cheap and although you could find other hotels as cheap in London none would be as clean or safe as easyhotel was.The rooms ARE small. I stayed in the room with my wife and we had 2 large bags with lots of winter clothes for 5 days plus we did a lot of shopping and i dont think we would have had room to store anything else if we had stayed 2 days longer.BUT, we did stay there for 5 days and it was an excellent experience. When we travel to London we dont spend time in the room. We wake up around 8 and are out by 9. We then spend all day shopping and walking. We get back to the room around 10. Watch some tv and fall asleep by 11. So the money we saved on the hotel we spent shopping.The location of the hotel is really great. Its 2 minutes from Paddington station and there is a major bus stop right in front of the hotel. Most of the buses on oxford street drop you off right in front of the hotel.One cool thing I learned from the easyhotel employees was heathrow connect. Its like heathrow express just a lot cheaper and instead of taking 20 minutes to get to the airport takes around 30 because it has a few stops on the way. Take the heathrow connect so save some more cash.There is wifi in the room i think it was 20pounds for the week. Lots of cool tv stations to watch also. Cheap fast food joins are also near the hotel like KFC, Burger King and McDonalds.I would definitely stay at easyhotel paddington again. Note: Stairs are small so carrying to large pretty empty bags up to the third floor wasnt a problem but coming back down when fully packed and each twice as heavy was. Tip, bring the bags down one by one!	
Feb 25 2009 	clean well-situated short-term human storage	I agree with the reviews below, and want to emphasize how very basic this place is. Aesthetically, it has more in common with a series of storage lockers than any hotel you've seen. The floor in the room is painted concrete. The plastic shower stall is fine, but the sink is so small that if you open the tap too much, water sloshes right onto the floor. No lamps (just basic ceiling and wall lights), no tables, no desk, no dresser, no curtains (roll-up shade), no simulated oil painting of a vase of flowers. If you're not depressed by a tiny, sterile space and you value cleanliness and low cost, go for it. It was a great fit for my needs: after staying in a fancy hotel with my travel companion, I needed something central and cheap for one night by myself before leaving London the next morning. I checked in at 6pm (needn't have paid extra for a window, since it was dark already, went out for dinner and a walk, had a comfortable night's sleep and was out by 8am.	
Feb 12 2009 	place was bad but staff were good!	Oh dear, what can I say? You get what you pay for. Our flight out of London was cancelled due to the snowstorm, so we had to put up somewhere for the night. For that we chose the easyhotel Paddington because it had cheap rooms (39 pounds) at the eleventh hour. Location wise it's not too bad. Only a five-minute walk from the Paddington tube station. Convenient if you're taking the Heathrow Express...but if you're paying so much dough to take the Heathrow express, you wouldn't be staying in the easyhotel would you???We had a standard room with a window and ensuite. It was small enough! I can't imagine what the normal rooms without windows were like. the bed was more of a supersingle rather than a double. Bathroom looked fine, of course it was small too, except that there was some mould? algae? fungus? growing on the shower head. The next morning when we tried to shower, there was absolutely no hot water. A dilemma, because it was 9.15am and check-out time is 10am. They sent a man up to check and after a while they told us there was a problem with the pump, so we were given keys to another room in order to use the shower there. We also had our check-in time extended to 1pm. That was handy!Quite an experience, I should say, staying in the easyhotel. I don't think I'd ever stay in an easyhotel again, unless I was in the same predicament (flight cancelled) I was in. I guess for a night or two it's fine, but if you stay there a week you would go mad! We had a good experience with the staff. There's only one recetionist on duty at a time, I felt sorry for the one who was bogged with a huge group of spanish tourists as I was walking out. But all the staff I dealt with were nice and accommodating and were willing to help.For the price I paid, I would say it is decent. But I wouldn't stay there again if I could help it! Yes, I'd recommend it to a friend loking for no-frills accommodation for a few days and is on a very tight budget!	
Jan 22 2009 	Moderate value for money accomodation	I traveled to London on my own between 12-16 January 2009.I have been there many times and tried different types of hotels and b&amp;b's.This time I chose Easyhotel Paddington,because of the very good price (35 GBP per night single room with window)I found on their site three months before and the good reviews I read at Tripadvisor.I arrived at 11.30 pm and the reception man gave me room LG10 (lower ground).At frst site, I was a bit shocked about the really small size of the room. The bed was of a good size, but the rest was almost nothing!!.No space to place anything but on the floor taking care not to step on your bags, shoes,etc.There was a window looking at the narrow corridor of room LG11!! So, it was as if there was no window at all!According to my mind,window is a square opening looking OUTSIDE no matter the view!!!The toilet-shower room was tiny but that worked well wih me.The room,bed, linen shower was clean.There was no noise coming from the hotel ,road but after 6 am and until 12.00 you could feel and hear the underground train passing every 4-5 minutes and if you are not used to that, you will feel annoyed!There was a LCD tv that you have to pay 5 pounds/day toget the remote from reception. If you stay three whole days as I did, you can not avoid staying in that hole without watching a bit of tv. Beware there is no 220 V socket in the room, youhato ask for an addaptor at the reception!Because I love spending almost the whole day out, doing things and coming only exhausted to rest, I did not suffer and itme passed so quickly (I lOVE LONDON) but if you are not a walking person and need more relaxation on your hotel,forget it!!!! Receptionists were polite and helpfulOverall Easyhotel was a good value for the money I spent, but not a welcoming relaxing hotel at all!!!!	
Jan 14 2009 	Good budget hotel in London	Stayed at this hotel twice in early January, and tried two different type of rooms.The first time I stayed, I tried the small-size room with no window. The rooms at this Easyhotel were always spotlessly clean. However the small rooms are exactly that - SMALL. Do not book into this type of room if you have more than a small backpack, as there is simply no space to put anything...you cannot even stand and keep your arms outstretched, because the room is very very small. However, it is a good option if what you're after is a bed and a shower. The shower/toilet is a small plastic unit, and the shower was powerful and worked well. Not having a window might put some people off - at least, however, there is an air conditioning unit.The second time, I tried a standard-sized room. This type of room affords more breathing space than a small room, and I had a window, which was welcome. The bathroom was ok, bigger than in the small rooms, but I had the same experience as others on here in that I could not get the shower to work - I could only get cold water. The bed was good.On the down side, the whole hotel is very orange and very branded - you will find the 'Easyhotel' logo on the windows, the walls, etc. The rooms are small. The shower only worked well one night. On the up side, the desk staff are very helpful and friendly, and you can check in at all times after 3pm. And also, don't forget that for this price, you cannot get a clean hotel/hostel room anywhere in London which is ensuite - at this price, in London you'd be expecting dirt and bedbugs, so a small room is a small price to pay for a clean room of a consistent standard.	
Jan 6 2009	Budget hotel - don't expect much	I stayed over 1 night at Easyhotel Paddington (X'Mas eve). I chose this hotel because of the location and my budget. The room is very small and need to pay extra for other services e.g. TV, towel, cleaning service. However, it was very cheap when compare with other hotels so it was good for young tourists and backpackers. No lift available in this hotel.... Extra comments, If you haven't been in London during X'Mas, please be aware of transportation on X'Mas day (25th Dec). No train and bus runing on that day. However, there was a coach replacement to the airport on that day at Paddington St. And that's the reason why I chose this hotel..only 5 mins walk to Paddington station. Be wise and proper planning before traveling	
Jan 1 2009 	Cheap and clean	EasyHotel in Paddington was a good base for exploring London as it was very close to Paddington Station (about 3 minute walk). Extremely convenient for us as we caught the Heathrow Express into the city (which terminates at Paddington Station). Thus a very good location. Rooms were quiet, very clean and warm, but very small as expected. The corridors were incredibly narrow and there was no elevator so you must carry your luggage up the stairs. Staff were friendly and helpful.It would have been useful to have some sort of table in the room, even just a bedside table, as there was none so everything had to go on the floor. Couldn't get our shower to work properly even after asking staff so we had lukewarm (that became cold!) showers, which wasn't very nice in London winter!Otherwise though a great location and very clean room for the price, which was good for us on a tight budget.	
Dec 29 2008 	Good base don't expect too much!	As with the airline, I was expecting cheap and (not always) so cheerful, in this respect it did everything I needed. I have noted that the prices are at least £10 a night more than when I booked a few months ago and this does start putting it into a category with more budget competition.Also note that everything 'extra' is chargeable. This didn't matter to me, but if you did arrive early (15.00 check in), then you have to pay if you want to leave your bag there (£5 for 2 bags), and have your room serviced (£10). Again, this wasn't a concern of mine but I noticed some guests that were checking in at the same time as me had paid over double what I had, and factoring these 'extras' in would put the room in the same price range as some 3-4 star hotels I have managed to pick up previously. The room was tiny as expected- there was some room noise from next door &amp; the air con didn't work as previously mentioned.I did have a 'proper' window though- note as in London there is a noisy road outside with a night bus route (central London!). I do feel in the summer though that you may have to choose between stuffiness or having the window open &amp; not sleeping due to noiseThe shower was good &amp; the bed surprisingly comfortable, and for the right price, as much as you can expect in London (in fact, probably at the top end of this price bracket)The location is also good- opposite paddington, close to pubs, eating places, bus route (including night bus) and actually is walking distance to oxford street etcFinally, would recommend an exceptional pub that I discovered- The Victoria (10a Strathearn Place W2 2NH). About a 5 minute walk &amp; the food &amp; beer was fab!	
Dec 28 2008 	Definitely some budget trickery here	I'm quite familiar with budget hotels, and my expectations are usually quite low for them... but easyHotel still left me a little shocked. Overall, not a bad stay, but there was definitely more nickel-and-diming than I'd seen anywhere in ages. I booked a small room &quot;with window,&quot; and since I was arriving around 10 a.m. on Christmas Day, I inquired about checking in earlier than the usual check-in time, by e-mailing the hotel. I was told that I'd have to book the previous night (Christmas Eve) in order to check in that early. First, that turned out to be untrue (the hotel offered early check-in for only 10 GBP). Second, even though I did pay 24 GBP to book that room for the Christmas Eve, once I turned up at the hotel, the front-desk clerk tried to tell me that since I'd arrived after 10 a.m. (check-OUT time for the night before), my reservation was worthless. Sound confusing? Quite. I pulled out the printed version of the e-mail telling me exactly the opposite, and started to explain, and he immediately did an about-face and said that, fine, I could indeed check in. I was given a room on the &quot;lower ground floor,&quot; which was, of course, a basement. I made my way down the stairs and opened the door. I wasn't put off by the tiny space, but I was quite appalled (as the last reviewer was) that the room &quot;with window&quot; actually had a window that had a lovely view of the hallway. As the room was uncomfortably warm, and the a/c didn't seem to work, I went back upstairs and asked if perhaps they had any rooms with windows to the outside world. I was told that for 10 GBP a night, I could &quot;upgrade&quot; to a bigger room with a real window. I knew I wouldn't sleep in the heat, so I splurged and got a room on the third floor. It was fine. Again, the a/c didn't cool the room, but the window wide open (there were no pesky restrictions on that, thankfully) cooled things down nicely. In early mornings, it was far too loud to sleep with the window open, however. Speaking of loud, the walls were thick enough to not hear into my neighbors' room, but the doors were incredibly thin and let in even the softest noise, day and night, from the hallway. When doors slammed (as they did quite often), the sound boomed through the room. The bathroom boasted a terrible smell for my entire stay, despite it appearing very clean. Think there must be some sewer problems. The tiny sink didn't drain very quickly, and that it stuck out all of eight inches from the wall, it was virtually impossible to wash your face (given the lack of a washcloth) without getting water all over the floor. The room was indeed small, but I was only one person and only had one piece of luggage. What was more than a little aggravating was that there was not a SINGLE flat surface anywhere in the room. Not a shelf on the wall, side table, nothing. So I was always stepping over piles of things on the floor trying to get ready in the morning. I actually used the outside windowsill to store spare change, etc. The room was clean but not spotless. There were some stray hairs on the comforter that led me to believe it doesn't get washed between every stay, more like shaken out... Oddly, someone &quot;cleaned&quot; the room after I'd been there one of my three nights, even though I didn't order this extra service. But there was a fresh towel and the trash was emptied. I'm staying in a Travelodge in Manchester as I write this -- another very basic bargain chain. And though I've only paid half the price of the easyHotel, it's far, far superior. So, I'm all for budget hotels, but the easyHotel really isn't much better than a hostel in my book. The capsule-hotel thing can be done well (see the Yotels), or it can be done shabbily. EasyHotel's definitely the latter.	
Dec 21 2008 	When is a window not a window?	... answer: When it's in an Easyhotel room! Apparently if it opens, it's a window - even if it only opens into a basement storeroom - and it's still worth charging extra for!Other than the disappointment of the window to nowhere, the hotel was exactly what was needed, a comfortable bed, in a clean room, close to central London at very good value.So, would definitely recommend this hotel for value and location, but I wouldn't bother with the extra cost for a room with a window, and don't expect a large room. The double bed touched three walls, but then after a night out in London, at least you're not likely to fall out!	
Nov 24 2008 	Cheap and cheerful - you get what you pay for!	My partner and I wanted a cheap place to stay in London for 7 days and came across Easyhotel at Paddington. Had a look at the website, knew what to expect and was happy with the price I paid.First impressions of the hotel were great, the hotel staff were very very friendly and offered us maps of london along with other advice. However, we started to stuggle with our bags going up the narrow stars to our 3rd floor room! A lift would have been great but then again we were in a budget hotel! Stelios would have had to pay more for that and he doesn't like spending money on most things! Hence why he is a millionaire!Anyway, got to our Standard Room with a Window and was immediately dissapointed. While I knew that the room was going to be small and missing some &quot;luxury&quot; items, I didn't expect this! The room had hardly any space whatso ever. It was more like 6 foot across with a 5ft bed! We had 4 small bags which took up most of the floor space. This was going to be an uncomfortable stay...!Ignoring that the room was smaller then I thought, it was OK to sleep, stay, watch telly (at an extra cost of course).The shower was THE MOST POWERFUL I have ever experienced. however, I suspect it was a power saving one by which i mean it would be hot one minute but for a split second, just after the starting hum of a motor, it would go cold... instantly! but it did quickly go hot again.The Bed was great though my other half complained about a sore back. Remember any extra pillows cost extra. The size of the room issue did get out of hand when we were walking all over our stuff on the floor and getting ready to go on a night out.... just forget it if there are two of you. Just do it one at time to avoid any problems like knocking and hitting the other person and asking kindly to pass each other in the tiny tiny room.Overall its an ok hotel. I've been in better. Major issue with the size even though I know it would be small. You get what you pay for, its fine for a day or two. but if you are going for more than that with someone else.... forget it!	
Nov 21 2008 	You get what you pay for.....and that's all we needed	Ok. It's very ORANGE!!!We had two fast days and nights in London, and we just wanted somewhere to dump our bags and run around like crazy tourists! The bed was a little on the small side, but for two nights, you make do.The room is small, the bathroom is tiny, the hallways are small, everything is small. BUT for 25GBP, you can't expect anymore.We would stay there agin, but only for a couple of nights, and only if you have a backpack. Suitcases would be toolarge for this place.	
Nov 6 2008 	Brilliant budget hotel	My husband and I have just come back from a 2 night stay at this easyhotel and were really impressed.We have stayed at the South Kensington easyhotel on several occasions and whilst we had no complaints,the Paddington hotel is head and shoulders above it.We arrived at 3.10 and was greeted by an extremely pleasant receptionist.Our room wasn't quite ready and he was very apologetic and said there would be a 10 minute wait.My husband then enquired about a tv remote(normally £5 for 24 hours) and the receptionist said that we could have it without charge to make up for the inconvenience of having to wait for our room,which we were more than happy with.We went for a short walk and upon our return our room was ready as promised.We had a standard room and it was more than adequate for our stay.It was spotlessly clean and had both fully adjustable heating and air conditioning.The bed was very comfotable and had crisp white sheets.The bathroom was tiny but served its purpose.The shower was nice and powerful.The hotel is in an excellent location-5 minutes walk from Paddington,15 minutes walk to Hyde Park-and there were plenty of places to eat etc.Every time we entered the hotel we received a pleasant greeting and when we checked out we were thanked and asked if we'd had a pleasant stay.We will definately be going back here-it's affordable,the staff are some of the best hotel staff we've encountered and the rooms are very clean.If you want budget accomodation you can't go far wrong staying here.	
Nov 3 2008 	Viable budget option in London	EasyHotel Paddington is the Easy Group's newest property in London. For those uninitiated, Easy specializes in bare bones, mass market services that are rather well kept, cheery, and they disclose that you are making a tradeoff from luxury vs. price. Our two night stay was prepaid through the hotel's website. We were greeted by a corteous desk clerk who explained the room and services offered. We had prebooked unit G-7, a larger room on the ground floor that had a window. The window was actually glass louvers more useful for ventilation than actually getting a view. Noise level is moderate, with plumbing, tube, traffic, and evening garbage pickup. The bathroom is about as large as an airplane lavatory. With a curtain instead of a glass door, you'd be wise to remove any article you don't want wet, like toilet paper, out before you shower. All amenities are pay-as-you go; therefore if you want television, replacement towels, and daily maid service, it will add to your bill.PROS: Very convenient location to Paddington Station, a bus stop is across the street from the hotel. The area has numerous restaurants, shops, post office and hospital. Property is new and well maintaned thus far. At 92 GBP for two nights' stay, a great value for money in an area that can charge many times more.CONS: Bare minimal amenities and service. Even when asking for a cab pickup from the front desk staff, did not get an assist. SUMMARY: Great value for money if you know what you are getting into. This is a bare bones establishment appropriate for cost conscious travellers who want a safer and cleaner alternative to hostels, business travellers wanting a place for a short stay, or those wanting a conveniently located home base for a city break. While a night or two here is just fine, anything past two nights here and it would likely become rather uncomfortable.	
Oct 23 2008 	great value	Excellent hotel.Clean room and beds.Shower and loo that worked.Great location with bus stop opposite.Very friendly receptionist.Brilliant value for money-couldnt fault it.We were upgraded to a twin room which was pretty big compared to the small double that I have stayed in at Easyhotel Earls court.Shower gel and ONE towel each is provided free.No wardrobe or drawers in room-just a coat rack on wall.Overall,if you are looking for a cheap,clean,safe hotel with no frills-this is it.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great LITTLE hotel	My husband and I, along with some friends of ours, stayed at EasyHotel Paddington for 3 nights. We booked the standard room with a window (as did our friends). We arrived around 1:30pm, and were able to check in early for 15 pounds, which we did since we wanted to nap and freshen up. Check-in is typically 3pm. Our room was, as expected, tiny. However it was big enough to suit our needs, and the bed was very comfortable. The entire hotel was clean and our room was immaculate. We got settled in and then went to visit our friends who were down the hall and around a corner from us. Their room was at least twice the size as ours. I inquired at the desk about the discrepancy and was told that both of our rooms were in the &quot;standard room with window&quot; category. We were on the lower level, and our windows actually opened up to a maintenance hallway, not to the outside. The attendant offered to show me a &quot;small room&quot;, which was somewhat smaller. I was a bit disappointed with the enormous discrepancy in the sizes of our rooms, but that was really about the only thing I was unhappy about. The staff was friendly, however a friend who had called to get in contact with us was treated rather brusquely and told that they would not relay a message to us unless it was an emergency. We booked our rooms fairly close to our travel time, so the price was higher than most of the low low rates people can get at EasyHotel, but it was still cheaper than most other places in central London! I don't know if it is possible, but if you can call the hotel ahead and request room LG1, that is the big room our friends had.	
Oct 17 2008 	Perfect budget hotel	This is one of the best budget hotel I have stayed inAll you need for your stay in the best rates.Room were very clean and cosy as compare to other budget hotel I have stayed in.It took me 20 mins from heathrow to this hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	Small orange and cheap	I wanted a cheap two day break in London to catch up on some museums and art galleries. In the past I have used the University Halls of Residence in Camden, but now find the distance to central London too far.Easyhotel have a number of locations scattered aroun London, usually near major train stations. I booked early and paid £29 for a room with no window in the basement. Check in time was 3pm, which seems late considering check out time is 10am. My room was in the basement. It was clean and compact. I was impressed they had managed to get a double bed into a single bedroom! Only one wall and the bathroom door is orange, it is in no way overpowering or a distraction. The bathroom is very compact, and as a large 6 footer I had no real problems using the facilities except it was very easy to nudge the shower handle accidently while using it, causing the water temprature to drop sharply!The room comes equipped with a powerful air-conditioning unit which is required since the room is small and gets warm very quickly. The room also has a TV which you pay extra to use. You also pay extra for clean towels, change of bedding, more soap etc. etc. These added extras are how the Easy-group make their money.I had no problem sleeping since I had been up since 4am, but I was aware of some noise from the reception above, in the corridoors and the slight rumble of the underground.Overall, I would say ideal for a couple of cheap nights in London and I would definitely stay there again when paying myself, though it will be interesting to see how well the hotel is maintained. I have stayed in much worse hotels in London at 4 times the price when travelling on business!	
Sep 28 2008 	Great value for money	The hotel had only been open for three days prior to our stay, needless to say it was spotless. The rooms are small (with just one orange wall!) but we got upgraded to a twin room rather than a double which I had booked, which had loads of room. (room 101) Really comfortable bed, with crisp white cotton duvet and pillow case. Yes the bathroom is small but perfectly formed, has ample sized shower, loo and mini sink , with shower gel dispenser attatched to the wall and lovely clean white towells. Great location just five minutes walk to Paddington tube and ten minutes walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Also a good place to stay if youve got an early flight from Heathrow ,as the Heathrow express only takes 15 minutes from Paddington. I would definitely recomend this hotel as its very good value for money and you know its going to be clean, no nasty surprises.	
Nov 26 2009 	Economique propre et bien placé		
Nov 17 2009 	Mínimo		
Nov 16 2009 	super rapport qualité prix		
Nov 14 2009 	nunca mas		
Aug 11 2009 	Habitaciones pequeñas y limpias para presupuestos ajustados		
Jul 14 2009 	piccole stanze per un ottimo hotel		
Jun 22 2009 	Sauberklein..aber wer sitzt in London schon im Hotel?!!!		
Jun 13 2009 	Klein aber fein gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 9 2009 	una vergognosa presa in giro		
Jun 3 2009 	Bruyant		
Apr 4 2009 	luogo ideale come punto d'appoggio		
Mar 27 2009 	hotel limpio nuevo y bien de precio		
Mar 20 2009 	Per un soggiorno		
Jan 28 2009 	para poco tiempo merece la pena		
Jan 11 2009 	On a ce que l'on paie!!!Très correct propre et fonctionnel		
Jan 2 2009 	estremamente piccolo		
Dec 27 2008 	Très bien... esperons que ca dure !!!		
Nov 1 2008 	Pratique et bon marché		
