Nov 14 2009 	A terrible hotel	I needed to stay in a hotel close by to the Princess Grace hospital as my husband was having an operation. The location of the hotel was the best thing about it!. I was shown to a tired poorly decorated, unclean bedroom that was so small. I refused to stay in the hotel even though I had no where else to go, I would of prefered to sleep in my car. I ended up at the local travel lodge which was much better.The owner asked me what was wrong and I told him that I did not think the room was very clean. His response was what do you expect for the price. Ruth Watson badly needs to visit this hotel to give it a complete make over !	
Nov 11 2009 	Do not stay here.	I was not shown to my room, just pointed in the right direction and told the internet was down.The room was shabby,blankets stained, and the bathroom unspeakable. The sink wouldn't drain as was choked with debris. The toilet was filthy and the bath stained with mold. I complained to the manager who made excuses. No offer of another room or reduction. I certainly did not risk the included breakfast, and checked out at 6 am.	
Nov 2 2009 	Don't stay in room no.12!	I see, that a previous traveller complained about this particular room, I can only agree. The room (no.12) is in desparate need of proper cleaning and doing up. The carpet and walls are really dirty. The tray for making tea and coffee and its content looks like it had not been wiped yet this year. The hotel information sheets in the drawer were very greasy to the touch. In the bathroom the ceiling was about to come down, the toilet had not been cleaned, the sink wiped with a filthy cloth, something unidentify-able had not been removed from the drain, the shower-tray was dirty and did not drain well enough when in use.The room and bathroom are tiny, but if everything else would have been alright, this would not have mattered. The sheet were clean and the furniture in good state.Maybe the other rooms are nicer.	
Oct 27 2008 	Overpriced for what is a budget hotel	I was expecting something quite special but in effect it is overpriced for what it is. Saying that the owners are very nice and helpful but the hotel looks tired and needs a decor facelift.Rooms were &quot;OK&quot; but not particularly well cleaned. Bathrooms are small and showers difficult to work. The finishing in the rooms left something to be desired. Beds were comfortable enough but old blankets and covers could do with cleaning more often.Small bar area and acceptable dining room. Breakfast was OK but not enough for a 15 stone bloke with a good appetite.Would I stay here again? No. I was looking for something with easy access to the West End &amp; sights for my family but was disappointed. I'll go back to the main hotels now as they are better equipped and higher profile. I tried to do the weekend by saving a few pounds but it wasn't worth it.	
Oct 3 2008 	Piece of a Gem	Had a Great time. This was my first time in London. I wanted to stay in a good part of the city where I would be close to shopping and easy access to the trains. We found the Hotel La Place. We also found it to be really charming and reasonably priced. On a residental street like a good number of them are, this place just sat right with me. I had a great time meeting and talking with Hal, who runs the Hotel with his mother and that made it more desierable to know it was family owned. I was directed to some of the best shopping on Oxford Circle and adjoining neighborhoods. A place I will be returning to many times to come.db	
Oct 3 2008	Wonderful Place	I spent three nights at the hotel and absolutely loved it, the rooms were very nice, staff were friendly and the place had very nice charm to it. Would highly recommend the hotel.	
Oct 2 2008	Le Place IS the place	I stayed at Le Place and was glad I did. Having stayed in several hotels across London, I was warmed by the atmosphere at Le Place: I like that it's a mother and son set up, had enough of corporate treatment! The staff were very friendly and the manager in particular (Mr Jaffer) was very helpful in advising about the local area. The room was comfortable, breakfast just right. I'll book here again for sure.	
Jun 28 2008 	Poorvalue	I stayed here for two nights in June having booked on-line and seen the pictures of the splendid spacious rooms. I was shown to a very dark , very small and dingy room in a rear extension (number 12). I refused this room and was offered another only with bad grace (we are very busy you know, we have no spare rooms, we have turned away several people already). If I had not been very tired I would have gone somewhere else. The room I was offered when I stood my ground was on the fourth floor - the lift goes only to the third - and was equally small but at least had a window giving some natural light. The web site advertises single rooms as having double beds. What is the reason for that? With a single bed the room would have been just about OK for size, having a double bed meant edging around the bed all the time to get anywhere. For two people it would have been difficult to move about the room.The fittings were tired at best, the carpet very worn, the walls needed painting as fittings had clearly been moved recently and left dirty patches on the wall and the nail holes roughly filled, the door fittings had been changed and taped over, part of the curtain fitting had become detached from the wall etc. These seem like small things but taken all together with the others I have not listed the effect was off putting. My main disappointment was that this was going to cost £99.00 per night! The price is not justified even though it is an expensive part of town - as I was repeatedly reminded during my stay.Having said all that there were some good points: there was a new air conditioning unit, the shower was good, there was a large flat screen TV, the location is good. Apart from the one person who seemed to think I should be grateful to stay there, the people who worked there were very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 5 2008 	disappointing 'boutique' hotel. Not good value for money	We stayed one night in June 2008 and thought it very expensive for the quality offered. Our room did have a huge bed but the room was small and therefore cramped. The furniture was chipped and shabby. The bathroom was small and it was very difficult to reach the bath taps around the bath screen. The water was not particularly hot. The public hall and stairs were tired looking. The breakfast very basic. No fruit, only orange juice offered, the full breakfast was only one small sausage, two small bits of bacon and egg and mushroom. It looked quite a mean ration on the plate for the amount we were paying for the room! We had to keep asking the girl for more coffee - we didn't even get our own pot. It felt like we were paying through the nose and may as well have gone to any cheap B &amp; B. I could not see what they got their 'silver ' award for. The croissants were good though and they were always helpful at the front desk. But I want more than that for £70 a night each!!	
Apr 9 2008	Tired La Place	Spent 2 nights in a Suite at LaPlace and were disappointed inthe overall condition of the hotel and rooms. The Suite on their website looked spacious and inviting, but was disappointing. The lobby/reception area was painted &quot;Pepto&quot; pink. Touted asa boutique hotel, this hotel needs a lot of work.The restaurant is only open several nights a week. A little bar area served VERY expensive cocktails. Check the price before you order.Hal, the owner, was very congenial and helpful.	
Sep 10 2007 	Punching below its weight?	I feel a little guilty writing a review talking down what is in essence a quite reasonable hotel, but my major complaint with La Place is that it is billing &quot;boutique&quot; prices for a distinctly average experience.Firstly, the plus points: The room I stayed in was clean and well-kept, and the bathroom was very nicely done out with marble-effect tiling. The staff were polite and courteous.But... I felt that for £130 per night La Place failed to deliver those &quot;little touches&quot; that really mark a decent hotel. The restaurant, which officially closes at 8:30pm(!) was already closed when I went down for a bite at 8:20. Breakfast starts at 07:30am, which was a tad late for my early start (though they agreed to serve me tea and toast in the hotel bar). My room was nicely kept but quite small. Perhaps the silliest yet somehow most significant complaint was that the in-room Air Con seemed to be infused with &quot;Eau De Mothball&quot;, ensuring that the room constantly had a cloying, sickly smell about it.In my eyes there are other hotels in London offering a far superior experience for similar rates, such as the Rookery Hotel or the Montague Gardens.So my overall score for La Place is... &quot;must try harder&quot;.	
Aug 26 2007 	Lovely little hotel in the middle of the city	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night for our anniversary and found it to be a beautiful and welcoming establishment. We contacted the hotel directly by email and following a very prompt response from the manager we booked it very easily. The location is easy walking distance from Baker Street tube station, even with luggage.Check-in was friendly and efficient and the room was clean and had an English charm that wouldn't be found in any bigger chain hotels. The bathroom was modern and clean and the size of the room was cosy but not tight...there was plenty of space for our things and for us to get ready for a night out. The central location was excellent for going out in to town and walking back (from Regents Street) but we were suprised how quiet it was inside considering it is about 200m from the busy Marylebone Road. Its setting in the quiet neighbourhood of Marylebone Village is a stark contrast to the bustle and noise of Oxford Street and we wish we had had more time to explore the little cafes and shops in the area.The morning breakfast was a bonus that you would normally have to pay for in most other places and it was served with a smile. We noted that in the hallway there was a noticeboard covered with messages and postcards from many a satisfied guest and we would agree with their enthusiasm.We would definately stay at Hotel La Place again and recommend it to family and friends.	
May 7 2007	What A Surprise	What a surprise it is to find a hotel that &quot;has it all&quot;. The staff was extremely nice and welcoming. In addition, many of the staff members speak multiple languages. The rooms were very well decorated and extremely well maintained. The location was very convenient to all the &quot;hot spots&quot; in London. The service was amazing and beyond our expectation. There is no doubt that I will stay here when I am in London again.	
May 1 2007 	Loved our stay	We had a fantastic time when we stayed there in April. The owner and his family was very helpful, going out of his way to suggest places to visit, good restaurants etc. We would certainly go back as it is so well placed, very close to Baker St. with some traditional English pubs near by.Looking forward to coming back!	
Apr 25 2007	One of the best hotel in London	One of the best hotel in London, wish their was moreA small family run hotel very nice people, make you feel very at homeThe hotel is spotless, food is very good , the staff are friendly, helpful and honest,Kenneth N.O'FlynnU.K. Marketing SupervisorMRI Overseas Property	
Apr 17 2007	Home from Home	We have stayed at the Hotel la Place three times over the past few years and it is beginning to feel like our home in London. Whilst the hotel is small the rooms are exceptionally well appointed and this year air-conditioning has been installed. With UK summers becoming warmer this was a boon even in April ! The full English breakfast freshly prepared and promptly served ensured that the day started out well. In terms of location it is difficult to imagine better...just off the Marylebone High Street with good shops and an unbeatable selection of restaurants it is just a pleasant 15 minute walk to Oxford Street. The tube too is close at hand with Baker Street Station being four or five minutes away. Good value for money by London standards. We will certainly not consider anywhere else for London visits.	
Apr 1 2007 	What a marvellous small hotel	This little hotel is an absolute gem. We have previously hunted high and low to find a great hotel in this location and now we have found it. The rooms are extremely well furbished and what is more the beds are large and comfortable.There is a small bar and a restaurant which is a great help and a cooked breakfast is provided with other meals available as well.The staff are all very friendly and incredibly helpful. Nothing is too much trouble and although we stayed there as a couple I would feel very safe there if I was travelling on my own. The hotel has a lot of personality - quite different from the larger London hotels. It manages to deliver a high quality of service whilst remaining a small, attractive and lovely place to stay.	
Oct 21 2006 	The worst part of our wonderful trip to London!	We don't understand how there are so many wonderful reviews about this hotel! We booked for 9 nights after reading all these reviews and looking at various websites/pictures of the hotel. The pictures looked so charming. Staying for such a long time, we thought if we spent $215 USD per night we'd have a decent place. Wrong! I think we were in the smallest room they had - it was so tight that you had to squeeze between the walls, dresser, chairs, something just to get around! We had to ASK for clean towels each day and REQUEST that the bed be changed after 5 nights - they would not have done it otherwise. When our wet, used towels were left on the floor, indicating that we'd like clean ones, they hung them up as if they were clean and fresh! Yuck! We came back the first afternoon and realized that the towels were all damp and called housekeeping - they explained that they had been instructed to do that and specifically not to change the linens unless requested! There were cobwebs hanging from our rafters in the ceiling and none of the lightbulbs in the light fixtures even matched! I'm sure the cobwebs are still there (4 months later) and that the lightsbulbs are still mismatched. To say that the 'family owned' business was frugal does not even begin to explain it! I won't go into it but you have no idea... We loved the location, lots of restaurants and shops, tube stop was close, etc. but we'd NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. We discovered that in London you need to spend $325 USD to get a deluxe hotel like we're used to here in the U.S. The next time we go we'll definately spend more on the hotel and stay for a shorter time if that's all we can afford. Do yourself a favor - stay somewhere else! After walking around the whole city we found many other hotels that were much nicer, more updated, and friendlier for just a little more money.	
Oct 9 2006	Not as good as I expected	To be honest, given the previous reviews and the hotels website, I expected a lot more. The rooms were okay, but hardly deserving of boutique status. The hotel seemed to cut a lot of corners in costs - such as not supplying fresh towels even after the 2nd day of our stay and simply re-folding wet towels (even after ringing desk - we were told this was hotel policy). Also the 'full' breakfast wasn't what I am used too in other hotels that are in the same price range e.g. tinned rather than fresh produce and charging additional supplements if you want any additional items. Given this and a narrow escape where the bathrom extractor fan fell from the ceiling and narrowly escaped my head I don't think I would book again. On the positive side the hotel is in a great location and the staff were all very pleasant.	
Jul 22 2006	Don't Stay Here If You Expect to Get the Room You Booked.	We just returned from two weeks in London, and stayed in some really wonderful hotels, except for our last two nights. I booked at this hotel and expected our stay there to be really great. I had read all the great reviews and it was the most expensive of all the hotels we'd stayed in in London. Unfortunately, I cannot agree with those reviews The hotel might have been ok, but the owners seem not to have a clue about honoring their reservation confirmations, or about how to handle unforseen problems. After several emails back and forth with the owner, and a phone call to give them my credit card number, I was assured that we would have the Picadilly suite for two nights. Luckily, I brought copies of those emails with me. Our experience on checking in was absolutely dreadful. When we arrived, Hal, who runs the hotel with his mother informed us that the room we had booked was not available because the people who had been staying in it wanted to keep the room. I specifically booked the Picadilly suite, because it accommodated 3 people and had a king-sized bed for my very tall husband and I , and a single bed for our daughter. They did not seem to comprehend or care that the double beds in the room they offered us instead would not be suitable. They just kept repeating that there was nothing they could do. And they did not seem to care that they had made a commitment to us when they took our credit card number and sent us the confirmation. They behaved as if we had done something wrong by refusing the room with the double beds, and insisting that they give us the room that they had promised , or one that had comparable accommodations. But the worst was when Hal's mother began screaming at us that the rooms were not named ( even though their website, and their brochures all refer to the suites by name) And then proceded to scream that we never reserved the Picadilly suite to begin with. At that point I showed her the copies of the emails they had sent us. Finally, after an hour, they booked us into another suite with comparable accommodations, but not before making our experience with this hotel totally miserable. Needless to say, we will not be staying there again.	
Apr 28 2006	Loved Hotel La Place	My husband and I spent 4 nights at Hotel La Place and found it very comfortable and above all very clean. According to the standards in London we were afraid to find a bad place, but we were lucky. This hotel is a 4-star (in Italy it would be a 3-star) and it is worth the money you spend. Our room and bathroom were small (like all in London!), but clean, comfortable and quiet. Breakfast is ok and the staff is very kind and helpful. We will come back again on our next holiday in London.	
Oct 12 2005	Will stay there again	We stayed 5 nights in early October '05. Planning our trip via the internet was time consuming but Hal Jaffer (owner) always answered quickly. The food was good, the rooms were clean..we stayed one night in a king excecutive and 4 in the Marble Arch Suite and enjoyed ourselves immensely. Both rooms had real bathrooms with a tub/shower! Would definately stay there again. The tube was close and there are some excellent restaurants in the area. We can recommend The Strada, a small Italian rest...turn right coming out of the hotel and then turn right at the light..it's a couple blocks up on the left..very small place. Excellent food for reasonable prices, considering you're in London. The Steak and Ale Pie at the Globe (right across from the Baker Street Tube) was very good too.	
Oct 9 2005	Loved this Delightful Hotel	My daughter (age 14) and I stayed at this charming boutique hotel. We were so impressed! The rooms were beatifully decorated and wonderfully clean. The staff was so friendly and helpful and fun. They helped with everything from stamps for postcards to getting a taxi at 5:00 am. They provide internet service for guests as well. The lounge and lobby area were very cosy and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent and the service fast and friendly. The location is excellent as well: close to Regents Park for a restful end of day stroll or the subway station to connect easily to any place in London. We would highly recommend this hotel to everyone as a unique and very special place. We loved everything about it.	
May 2 2005	A Charming Hotel	My daughters and I stayed at Hotel La Place March 20-25. We loved our room. It was roomy (we had the triple suite) overlooking the street, no noise, nice size modern very, very clean bathroom. Great location, within walking distance of the tubes, Madame Tussuaud's and easy walking to shops on Oxford street. Plenty of restaurants in the area. The full English breakfast was the highlight of our stay and we looked forward to it each morning! We were able to purchase our tickets for attractions at the desk and the staff was most helpful. We really loved the area.	
Mar 25 2004	fab little hotel	Hotel La Place is a gem. It's a 5 minute walk for the Baker st. tube.; 2 minutes from the Marylebone High Street. Very Residental neighborhood, that made it feel very safe. My room was facing the street, but the windows keep out any noise so i had no trouble sleeping. i will definately stay again. Hal the manager (owner) was personable, and solicitous if i needed any touristy info. only note, is the computer for internet access is charged by the 1/2 hour for every visit, regardless if you spend less time.	
Jan 16 2004 	Safe Haven in London	I found La Place in several guide books. Friendly and professional service, very helpful staff. Rooms clean and modern. My wife and children loved the hotel and I felt safe with them alone when I was away on business. My new home in London	
Nov 8 2007 	Abbastanza buono ma troppo caro per il suo standard		
