Jul 20 2009 	Great ValueGood Location	My partner booked this hotel for a weekend visit to London. As other's comment the hotel looks nothing from the exterior We were welcomed with a friendly greeting from the receptionist. Our room 212 was spotlessly clean a little small but perfectly acceptable. The bathroom again was spotlessly clean and well appointed with a lovely shower which feels like a power shower. The bed is very comfy. One word of warning to the ladies, the hairdryer in the room did not work and even though the receptionist gave me access to another room to try theirs that one did not work either! The breakfast is basic but acceptable. The best thing about the hotel is the location, 100 yards to the Oval tube, on the Northern line only 5 stops from Leicester Square, so you are in central London in 10 minutes. A great value hotel. We will definitely use again.	
Feb 17 2009 	A really good affordable hotel	We needed comfortable, quiet, affordable accommodation near to the Oval, and there aren’t many options available - but the Belgrave suited us very well.It is situated within a few minutes walk of the Oval tube station. The exterior is, shall we say, unpretentious; the interior is a lot smarter.I booked online, and check-in was quick and stress-free. I have to say that all the staff we encountered were charming, helpful and friendly - and very efficient.Our room was not enormous, but did not feel cramped. It was spotlessly clean, and comfortably and intelligently furnished and equipped - crisp white bed linen, wool carpet, good mirrors and fittings, lined curtains, flat-screen TV, safe, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, hairdryer etc. We had a full bathroom, attractively tiled, with a shower over the bath, huge fluffy white towels, dispensers of shower gel and handwash.We were at the front, overlooking Clapham Road, but apart from the occasional emergency vehicle we were not aware of traffic noise.The price included a simple Continental buffet breakfast - croissants, toast, cereals, yoghurt, fruit; plus orange juice, tea, but only instant coffee.The breakfast room is in the basement. Whereas a lot of money has been spent on refitting the hotel, with marble, pale wood, wool carpets etc, the approach to the breakfast room has been neglected and lets the place down - it is frankly dingy. The breakfast room itself is bright and clean but has the air of a works canteen (plastic chairs, no curtains...). As such a lot of money has already been invested, it seems a pity not to complete the job with a few cosmetic improvements in the basement, say pretty curtains, wood tables and chairs, a few pictures.We had read up on the place, and seen that it was originally a 2 star hotel, upgraded to 4 star after the refit. I feel the classification is over-generous (it felt like a standard 3 star hotel to me), and it probably does the hotel no favours as it raises people’s expectations. For 4 star accommodation I think you expect real coffee! I suspect that some of the unfavourable reviews that appear are from people who have looked at the classification not the prices, which are definitely NOT at 4 star level!Our stay was quiet, comfortable and we will definitely stay there again if we need to visit the area. One important point however to bear in mind: our bath was raised quite high above the floor, and would have been difficult for anyone very elderly or disabled. Worth mentioning any such requirements when booking.	
Jan 28 2009 	A great find!	We found this hotel when we were looking for an overnight stay and what a find it is! We've already booked up to go again. We go down to London for a weekend about once a month and this hotel is perfect for us. It's literally 2 minutes walk from the Underground station so easy to get about London and the value for money is great. The hotel doesn't look much from the outside but is modern and clean inside. The rooms aren't big so if you were there for a longer time then this may be an issue but we find it absolutely fine for a weekend. Free wi-fi is a bonus and it works perfectly. The breakfast was fine but the breakfast room is a little small, you may have to wait for a seat. Not really a major problem though. There is a nice restaurant across the road if you don't fancy going into town for dinner.	
Jan 15 2009 	Horrible experience will never return	The French man at the desk was possibly the most rude human being I have ever encountered on entering the hotel we were told that our room was not ready and would not be ready for another few hours. When we asked to store our luggage their luggage room was &quot;full&quot; when we asked to leave our bags in the unoccupied office we were rudely dismissed, after about twenty minutes of attitude from the boy behind the desk who continued to blare out some loud music from his computer which he was so fascinated with, I asked to talk to the manager, he wasn't there when I asked when he would be there he said he didn't know, when I asked if the manager could be rung so we could get to the bottom of this his reply was that he wasn't going to ring him because this was his job.. I then asked for the managers number and he refused to give it to me, when I asked for a refund he pointed to a sellotaped piece of paper which read something along the lines of no refunds given.My boyfriend and I left and booked a hotel accross the road called The Winchester they had one twin bedroom left which we gladly accepted the room was lovely the hotel warm an english fry up was served every morning and best of all after discovering there was no room in their luggage store they said they would find somewhere for our bags and that we could go and come back in the evening and their staff would have our bags in our rooms, this hotel was an extreme of the absolute dive of the belgrave and on principal I would refuse to ever stay there even though we lost our money for th three nights.	
Jan 11 2009 	It was OK	Me and boyfriend decided to stay in this hotel after reading the reviews on this website! Basically you do get what you pay for! The room was clean, and bedding changed every day! Nice bathroom! The look of the hotel (once inside) was really nice, and although the majority of staff were foriegn (some people have moaned about this somewhere) were really nice! The location was very good for getting into london! The problem i had was with the breakfast, and we stayed fro our days and only ate their once, as on the second day there were ants crawling all over the breakfast table, on the food, and up the drinks! I just didnt think this was suitable! But other than that it was fine!	
Sep 17 2008 	value for money!!!!!!! we loved it!!!	the belgrave hotel is located across the street (2 min walking) from the &quot;oval&quot; tube station which is a part of the northern line - two stations from waterloo, and westminister - 15-20 min and u are in the middle of everything.we (a young couple) stayed at the belgrave between the 11-16 of september.we found a small hotel that wasn&quot;t the ritz but did the job.the room was small, but very very clean!!! the bathroom and shower were nice and clean, we got new towels every day, and the room got cleaned daily.there was a small LCD television with a lot of british chanels, the room also contained a small kettle with coffee and tea, the room also contained a small safe (without extra chrage). the double bed was clean and very comfortable. the continental breakfes was everything that you need - coffee or tea, cereals (several kinds), pastery, hard cheese, orange juice, jam, butter, and toasts. and again everything was very clean.the hotel staff was very usefull and nice - they helped us in everything that we asked. the belgrave hotel is absolutly value for money. we left the hotel very pleased - everything there felt nice and made our london experience fantastic.	
May 27 2008 	Great cheap hotel	Me and my brother stayed in Belgrave Hotel 3 nights. It is located very closed de OVAL tube station and was fairly easy to find. The neighbourhood was clean, quiet and safe. It's is a chip hotel.Staff were very nice and helpful. The rooms were a little small,but it was very clean, very nice witht LCD tv and new furniture.The continental breakfast also made for a good start to the day	
May 2 2008	Great little Budget Hotel!	We stayed at the Belgrave Hotel in Oval for our 5 night short break to London. We were looking for accommodation on a budget as we wanted to spend our money on eating out and having a good time, rather than accommodation that we would hardly ever be in!The Belgrave Hotel fulfilled all of our requirements for a comfortable stay in Central London. We paid £300 for the two of us for 5 nights, which was great value for money considering how central you are. The nearest tube station (Oval) is literally a 1.5 minute walk down the road from the hotel, and pretty much every famous attraction (Big Ben, London Eye, Oxford Street, London Dungeon etc) are within a 15 minute tube ride from the Belgrave.The only drawback that I could identify from this hotel was the size. The double rooms are very &quot;compact&quot; and this would definately be an issue in the summer as the rooms do not have air conditioning. On the other hand, for the amount of time that we were actually in our room, this wasn't too much of an issue.The hotel was immaculately clean and tidy, towels and bed-linen changed daily, and the continental breakfast comprising of cereal, fruit, croissants, toast, tea, coffee and orange juice was more than adequate to set us up for the tiring sight-seeing days ahead!All in all a great little hotel- don't think you'd find better quality or location for the price. DON'T be put off by the non-descript exterior of the hotel, as this really isn't reflected inside!	
Mar 7 2008 	Great little inexpensive unpretentious place	I must say that I've read the reviews on this site before of going to stay at the Belgrave Hotel and, since not all were positive, I went there with a certain trepidaton.I was , instead,very pleasantly suprised, especially because I had been staying at couple of equally priced small hotels in the area (and other areas of London) which were a real nightmare.The Belgrave is very nice and recently refurbished. Nice Rooms not very large but ok, I stayed in a twin room , the furniture and bathroom fittings were all new and in perfect condition. The reception personell was very kind and competent, the room was clean and comfortable. The Breakfast is continental and a little bit on the unimaginative side, I would have been happy to pay a little bit more and have an English breakfast or at least a bit better variety of it or otherwise, skip it all together and save a couple of quids. All in all not a bad small hotel at all, at this price (hotels in London are way more expensive than almost anywhere else in the world) I would certainly reccommed it and I will be back.The convenient position, just a few hundred meters from the tube station at Oval, is very good indeed for the tourist or the business person, you just hop on the tube and for the modest price of a daycard London is open to you all day (well, at night you need a taxi because the tube stops around 24:00) .Being the hotel on a very busy street (Clapham road) I should have slept in a a room with windows on the back of the building since traffic is very intense at night with the occasional Police car or Ambulance , but I was tired and slept all the same. The car park (I didn't use it but I saw it from the breakfast room in the basement) is indeed very small and provides not the easiest of access, but I never go by car to London.	
Jan 14 2008 	No nonsense cheap hotel.	I travelled to London with 5 friends to visit anopther friend who lives on Clapham Common. We chose the Belgrave, two tube stops from Clapham, over closer hotels because the reviews were better. We were not disappointed.On arrival we got out of our taxi and looked around for the hotel. It really is an ugly building and if we hadn't seen the interior photos we would have been concerned.The lobby is small with a reception desk manned by a single person at all times. There are a few seats but it's not a place to be hanging around for extended periods. The reception staff were always friendly and we had not problems with check in/out or access (via intercom).The rooms are small as expected but clean and well equipped for a short stay. The bathrooms are well maintained with good showers. One area for improvement here would be the provision of towels and a shower mat. Be careful getting into the showers because the bath floor is very slippy and there is no mat.Breakfast does finish quite early (9:30) so we actually didn't make it down after our night on the town. This is something to be aware of if you are on a weekend away.Overall this is a clean functional city hotel for a weekend away. it's not the Ritz and he rates reflect that. Don't be expecting anyhting fancy and you will be happy.	
Jan 1 2008 	Belgrave is a joke	Booked this hotel for new years eve, we rang to confirm that parking was available and were told it was booked and we needed to pay £10 upon arrival. On arrival parking was not reserved and after a discussion with the manager managed to argue for a space. Access to the parking is via a steep ramp that scraped both the front and rear bumpers of our car while parking involved being given directions by hotel staff that didn't speak a word of english and kept banging on the roof of the car. The hotel claims 10 parking spaces, there is only room for 6 and that is with cars jammed on a bitof scrubby ground, departure for some car owners required moving most of the parked cars out onto the main road before they could get out. The web site for the hotel shows a picture of the exterior of a completely different building to the hotel, the hotel exterior in reality is shabby at best. The sign on the front of the hotel indicates that it is 4 star it's not it is 2 star. Breakfast was abysmal with bone dry cold croissantswith butter and jam and cereal as the only option.As for the room the water temperature is very hot (got scalded in the shower) and at 5ft 11in the bed was too short for me in the room meaning a bit of discomfort. The only plus side was the room was cleanand the receptionist was good at her job. The only english speaking staff I encountered was the manager and the receptionist. Probably theworst hotel I have stopped in apart from a Manchester Travel Inn.If you don't want a breakfast and are not in a car and shorter than memaybe your experience will be better but DON'T park your car there.	
Oct 11 2007 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is perfect for the wallet conscious traveler. The hotel is clean, you get a small room and a tiny bathroom and the hotel is located one block from an underground tube station. Other reviewers mention safety concerns? There were no suspicious types while I was there but hey, you're in a budget hotel so you might not find the most snappy dressers in the lobby! The rooms have locks, there is a safe so there are no security issues as far as I was concerned. If you are afraid of your own shadow, stay home. The front desk staff are of eastern European origin but I think you'll find this is the norm for London's hospitality industry. I found the hotel staff to be competent, helpful and friendly. You want to save some $$$ and don't mind a small room? Stay at the Belgrave Hotel.	
May 8 2007 	Lovely little place	Stayed over at this hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of May with my boyfriend. We had a lovely time in London and we were more than happy with the hotel.It is very good value for money, clean, comfortable and friendly. The continental breakfast also made for a good start to the day. The area is well linked to the city, by bus and tube, and seemed pretty quiet and relaxed. There are a mixture of ethnic groups and ages in this area it would seem and despite what others have previously said on here, we never saw nor heard any trouble and felt safe going about during the day and the evening.The staff were friendly and happy to help when asked for assistance. The rooms were well maintained and, for the money, comfortable and spacious. Its simple, clean, safe and close to town without being 'in the middle of it all'. I would recommend this to those travelling to London and not wishing to pay over the odds.	
Apr 18 2007 	Unbeatable value for money	I spent 18 nights in London (12 single room, 6 double) while attending a course at King's College and, obviously, considering the length of stay accommodation around Park Lane was out of question. After a tiring megasearch in the net I ended up to the Belgrave's web pages and was lured by its clean looks and good basic facilities. Considering the price (£55 for a single, 70 for a double) in central London I was both hopeful and terrified about what to expect.True, the first impression from outside is unconvincing but inside it was a different place. The hotel must have been refurbished quite recently. The public areas were clean and tidy. The small reception hall was basic but worked great with current newspapers and LCD-TV (and a cute aquarium on the wall). I paid for my single nights on arrival and for the doubles when checking out so I'm not sure what the actual policy is. The staff was very friendly and spoke good english (contrary to some previous opinions in this thread).I got my single room from top floor street side. Despite it being one of the smallest I've ever had I ABSOLUTELY loved it. It was impeccably clean and modern with everything perfectly at hand (LCD, safe, water heater, hair dryer). With ample light from three windows it was the coziest ever and I really felt home. There were a couple of desk drawers, an open closet and a luggage rack but no other storage space. The bed was comfortable with a good pillow. Electric outlets with multipurpose sockets were located in the bathroom (for shavers 110/230V) and within the digital safe. WLAN was available for £4 / 4h. The bathroom was spotlessly clean and the towels were changed daily. Absolutely no complaints about housekeeping here. The water pressure in shower was great - actually there was only one pressure level: high with adjustable temperature. I would have appreciated a separate handheld sanitary shower by the toilet, however.The traffic on Clapham Road is lively, especially during the rush hours but it didn't bother me. When my girlfriend arrived the staff with kind intentions placed us to a big room on the quiet (but a bit junky) backyard side and I requested to get back to the street side which they arranged in a couple of days despite a full house. We stayed in a double room on the first floor which resembled the single I had. The double rooms, being larger, somehow lacked a bit of the cozyness of the single and weren't quite as &quot;fresh&quot; - but very clean and tidy.The breakfast (inclusive) was quite basic but gets you started. The small buffet consists of cereals, yogurt, toast, croissants, marmelade, cheese, fruit, juice, tea and coffee. The breakfast room is small but full of natural light. There were also two LCDs for watching morning news (nice feature).The hotel is located on a very spacious streetside in a suburban neighborhood and the locals are a mixture from various ethnic and socioeconomic groups. Every now and then I came back from downtown after midnight and not once did I feel unsafe. The hotel is only 150 m and one minute walk from the Oval Underground station and several night buses stop right in front of the hotel. There are no dark alleys and the area seems quiet in the night. Right across the street there is an internet cafe, a 24 h supermarket, a fried chicked takeaway also open till late and a couple of peaceful pubs. I don't know what life is like further down in Stockwell but the area seemed totally ok (to an academic go-better like myself *grin*).The location was good. Even without a Zone 1-2 Travel Card (which is an extremely worthwhile investment if one wants to effortlessly explore the city) one reaches the Thames at Vauxhall bridge easily in 15 minutes by foot and Westminster / South Bank within half an hour. The tube takes you to from Oval to Waterloo in 6 min, Charing Cross 10 min, London Bridge 10 min, Piccadilly &lt; 15 min, Oxford Street &lt; 15 min, Kensington 20 min, Greewich 30 min. In addition the numerous bus connections leave almost from the doorstep.All in all, I consider Hotel Belgrave an unbeatable value for money in central London area. It is very clean with modern services and friendly staff. Unless someone treats me with a £150+ per night downtown experience, I will surely be staying in Belgrave again.	
Mar 4 2007 	Clean Safe and cheap	Having read reviews we were very pleasantly surprised. The place newly done up and the staff very pleasant . Its very cheap for London but much better than travel lodge etc Just for the record - The lift does go to the breakast room . The doors have the usual double locks so no one is likely to break in and there is an in room safe. The breakfast is continental ie some cornflakes and toast but what more do you expect for the money. The place was spotlessly clean . The staff are not English but this is London No one who works in hotels is English. !! I would recommend to anyone.	
Feb 22 2007 	Trust negative reviews	I and my niece stayed for several nights at this hotel. We looked for affordable accommodation, but we should have read first the reviews here. It seems all the negative points to be true. It did not seem a secure hotel, with a lot of suspicious people either in the lounge or outside. The staff are entirely of foreign origin, barely understand English. We didn’t feel secure and checked out earlier than planned. So trust negative reviews and book another hotel.	
Feb 20 2007 	One of the best	After reading some of the reviews i was a little bit wary of bokking there. check in was fast and i was shown to my double room by the staff who i found very hepful and willing. i was really impresed and wondered about the validity of the other reviews.There is no restaraunt but as i undrstand there are plans for a restarant and bar which would really make this place really lively. There is a lovely italian right across the road and many other restaurants in the local area.The hotel is across the road from the Oval tube station and close to waterloo.Our double bedroom was spacious, however there was no airconditioning which could get hot in summer. A double room cost 65 pounds and was more than excellent value for money on par with Confort Inn/ holiday inn express. The decor is nice and did not hear any noises in the night or anyone at the door.There is a 24 hour reception which wuld make it ard for any intruders to enter the hotel without purpose. The hotel also has wireles internet access, lcd screens and sky.I highly reccommend this hotel and would not stay anywhere else when visiting this area.	
Feb 14 2007	Avoid this spooky little place	We stayed at this hotel in January for a couple of days. It claims there is a lift, but the proprietors have omitted to say that to get to the hotel lounge you have to climb a step of several dozens narrow steps. How one can manage to do this with several suitcases is left to one’s imagination. On the other hand the promised breakfast is without any imagination: each day the same staple of rolls and toast. No eggs, no marmalade. Only the packaged cornflakes were of several varieties. Some rusty black crumbs were flouting in the mineral water jug. There never seem to be many guests in there. Hotel charges you at your check-in for your entire stay, which was not stated in our booking. This made bad impression. Staff barely speaks English. Some suspicious types ----- lurking in the lounge. The area of Lambeth where the hostel is located is according to recent stats above average in terms of criminality. Actually we regularly saw tugs assemble not far from the hostel, across the street. We checked out earlier and moved to another hotel in downtown London. This is bad accommodation in insecure area. Better to avoid.	
Jan 16 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Excellent hotel for the price we payed inclusive of continental breakfast. Hotel has been newly refurbished and at the moment there is no restaurant or bar however as i understand from speaking with the helpful and very friendly staff and management there are plans to develop a restaraunt and bar in the near future. I honestly wouldn't stay anywhere else and would highly reccomend this hotel as it is excellent value for money.Rooms have LCD Screens, Rooms Safes, En-suite, tea/coffee facilities, International sky channels, wired and wireless internet access.	
Dec 28 2006 	Great stay for catching Eurostar	We needed a hotel for one night before catching the Eurostar early the next morning. This was the perfect stay and very close to the Oval Underground (Tube) stop which is only a few stops from Waterloo station for the Eurostar. Don't be worried from the exterior of the hotel - it's not got much curb appeal. It's located next to the Belgrave Hospital. The inside of the hotel was very nice. The front desk staff was friendly and helped us get settled in. The room was smallish but immaculate. All new furniture and fixtures. Very clean! It's a contemporary style and quite lovely. Nice hair dryer and television.Breakfast is included in the hotel price. There was a small continental buffet in the basement. The area of the hotel wasn't really ideal (Clapham), but would be convenient for sights in South London. The hospital noises were slightly distracting and I would suggest getting a room in the back away from the busy street. Anytime we need to catch the Eurostar, we will stay here again.	
Nov 4 2006 	Basic clean modern affordable for London	This is a fairly new hotel near the Oval Underground station in Lambeth which is in south London. Getting from here to everywhere you might want to go in touristy London is close by via public transportation. It's in a very nondescript modern building, but inside everything looks freshly decorated. The rooms are small, as are most London hotels, but are impeccably clean. Shower pressure is great which is very important! There's wifi or wired internet available for a fee, and limited parking (also for a fee) in the underground secured parking lot. We paid 70 pounds for a twin bed room, including continental breakfast - hard to beat that rate for a decent hotel in London! The staff is quite friendly and helpful.Some minor drawbacks: it's on a very busy road (Clapham Road) so request a room facing the back if street noises bother you. There's no air conditioning, so it could get hot in the summer. Closet space is very limited. And though that shower pressure is great, the shower stalls themselves are so tiny that it's a bit hard to even turn around. All that wouldn't deter us for staying there again though.Note: this is NOT the same as the Belgrave House Hotel, for which there are several (mostly negative) reviews here.	
