Oct 11 2009 	Very small and basic	We made the mistake of reading reviews for Hyde Park Hotel not Hyde Park 'Court' Hotel:- Check in easy &amp; smooth- Staff pleasant enough- Room didn't smell very nice- Bathroom/ toilet tiny and smelt musty- Shower was very poor- Double bed was tiny in a very small room- Breakfast was basic but pleasant- Great location	
Sep 25 2009 	Not for the weak hearted	Myself and my husband stayed here for 4 nights this month and nearly died at the initial task of climbing 63 narrow stairs to the top floor with luggage. This climb is not for the 'weak hearted' and if you are not you could be after your visit. We were told we were upgraded to a family room....well when we walked in I wasnt too sure what a double would look like. It was very small for a family. Just an ok size room for a couple. The hotel itself smelt musty but was clean. Ensuite was a small box, dont expect to be able to move around in the shower or close the door whilst on the toilet. The mattresses on the bed were very thin and you could feel the springs as you slept, if I hadnt already paid for it we would have gone elsewhere. After 4 nights here I had severe back pain......Breakfast was adequate but on 2 occasions we couldnt be bothered waiting for the dining room to have a free table so ate outside.Location is good for travel around London on a short trip and also for access to Heathrow via the express or connect trains. As someone has previously written it is adequate enough but not comfortable and only for sleeping in, you wouldnt want to sepnd any time there other than sleep.	
Sep 23 2009 	Very Poor	I made the mistake of not reading the trip advisor reviews and everyone of the poor scores recevied is deserved.We were scheduled to stay here for one night before catching an early morning train to Heathrow from Paddington. It was a last minute booking having found the hotel on a blackberry search. Upon arrival we were allocated a room on the top floor and when you have no lift, plenty of luggage and a tight staircase it was not easy reaching the summit. The room and bathroom was dirty and smelt so we walked back down the stairs dropped off the key and headed to another hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	We had a great experience!	Reservation was just as we requested - we got two quiet, connecting rooms. Rooms were clean and free Internet is a huge plus point. It is fast and very useful. Coffee making facilities, safety deposit box and iron in room are also plus points. The bathrooms are small but clean . Breakfast was great - lots of choice. One of the rooms had street view and although we had heard it could be noisy, it was actually very quiet and peaceful. We had a great experience!	
May 22 2009 	The absolute pits	This is the worst London hotel I have ever stayed in - avoid, avoid, avoid. When we arrived, late at night, the receptionist had gone out and locked the door. We waited 20 minutes outside with a small child and baby and he was so rude when he returned. The public areas were tatty and dirty and the room was basic in the extreme. Our room, supposedly a family room, had two beds 'upstairs' and one at the bottom with a lethal, open tread spiral staircase in between - completely unsafe for small children. Staff were unhelpful and the room was overpriced. We didn't risk breakfast knowing it would be awful.There's an easyhotel a few metres away that would be a much, much better budget option.	
May 10 2009 	second time around not so good see previous review	second time of staying for us, not so good this time, different family room on front of hotel so a bit noisier at night but nice birdsong in the morning, beds and room about the same but toilet not so good, large hole behind wc and leaking from base of pan made it smell and look bit evil. Shower still great but no hot water until 18.00 which meant getting ready to go out was a bit of a rush, caravan type onsuite so still as cramped but seems to be standard for the rate, breakfast fine, just get down early otherwise you'll have to wait. Location obviously still great !!. TBH I spend as little time as poss in a hotel in LDN as I don't want to waste my valuable holiday time, as long as its basically clean and comfy thats fine, shame about the WC , otherwise it would have rated higher	
May 1 2009 	Ever had a portaloo in your bedroom!!!	In brief, it no doubt once was a lovely Georgian House in a great area with massively high ceilings . It's now a bottom end hotel in a not so good area, with what feels like massive over occupancy.£70 online for a twin room which really was a single. The beds were extra thin and even at that it only left a foot in-between them. The 'en-suite' was a plastic portaloo style cubicle constructed beside the door. Functional if you are a midget. Don't expect to sit on the loo with the door closed of have a shower in an un-contorted manner.The dinning room is actually in the basement and about the same size as the bedroom. Breakfast was simple, cereals, toast, 2 hour old boiled eggs and self service everything.The main public use bathroom is on the 1st floor. In my hour of need after checking out, I paid it a hasty visit. Upon completion of the task, to my peril, there was no toilet roll. After a bit of necessary water splashing I then found there was no soap. Nor was there a towel. So hands and backsides dripping, I proceeded down the stairs to let the management know of my predicament.In short, would I go back, probably, but only out of necessity. There is a sort of innocence about the place which makes it easy to forgive it's shortcomings.	
Mar 6 2009 	Don't Go there!!!	What a joke. This should be named the Steptoe Special. We arrived and immediately saw the wallpaper falling off the wall in the reception area, Then we saw the sign on first and second floor with the missing letters on the plaques. When we got into our room, we saw 1940 furniture. The &quot;En-suite&quot; was in the wardrobe approx 7ft x 3ft. When you opened the door you had to stand up onto a plastic tray which rocked and when you sat on the loo, your head was in the basin. The water was cold as was the shower. The radiator was not switched on and after an evening out in the west end to see a show,we returned soaking wet from the torrential rain and for the second time, we could not enter the hotel from the outside door. The 2 bells did not work and the man behind the reception took half an hour to hear the banging of our knocks on the outside door, as he was asleep. The beds had springs sticking out of the mattresses and the bedding was a sheet, blanket and a throw. Not a duvet. 3 star hotel my eye! 3rd rate yes, 1 star only. We would not even go there again, and never recommend it to anyone. It ought to be checked out by the tourist information board and trading standards. We just wanted to go home or find another hotel of better quality, but could not afford it. Foreigners must haved a total shock and think feel this is our best hotels. Its embarrassing.	
Jul 11 2008 	Very amusing - not in a good way!!!!	Hmmmmmmmmmm!Ok let me firstly state that my main criteria when booking thi hotel was its seriously close proximity to Hyde Park as i was attending the o2 Festival and didnt want to have to stumble too far.So, on paper it sounded great - Great prestigious Norfolk Sq location, recently refurbished and relatively cheap (£75 bb)! Full credits because as described the hotel was in fact in Norfolk Sq however this hotel was far from refurbished - no wonder there are no pictures of the rooms on their website?! The room was tiny, and i mean tiny - so tiny that if this room was in a new build house the planning authority would not even give it status to be marketed as habitable room - by far it would be a small study. The room measure no more than 6ft x 6ft with a pod add on bathroom. Ok, no for the bathroom - imagine and easyjet toilet with a shower in it, im not joking! I have taken pics and will post when i get time! Hygiene was not great either and breakfast was extremely bland. linen was clean though and the tv kind of worked although the hairdryer wast not working!I know £75 doesn't go far in central Ldn but one expects certain standards when booking a 'Double' room - main one being large enough to fit 2 people in. If one of us was standing up the other had to stand or sit on the bed to fit!Crazy but true, don't like leading neg reviews but had no choice here really.Staff were ok, didn't see much of them but the booking procedure and check in/out went smoothy so thats a plus i suppose.	
Jul 7 2008 	Not Recommended !	Review of room 304:Pro's:- Clean bedding- Good location- Reasonable breakfast (croissants, cereal, juices, tea/coffee, water melon)Con's- Tiny room- 4&quot; wide &quot;Double Mattress&quot; on a single divan base- Minuscule, dirty shower room- Broken hairdryerWe paid £75 for 1 night so my expectations weren't too high, but I do expect a decent bed and a clean bathroom. I'm adamant you could do far better for your money.	
May 5 2008 	Awful Bathroom 	If like me you did not think that the other reviews here provided a balanced view of the Hyde Park Court Hotel in Norfolk Square Paddington - Beware They Do !The place is an absolute dump. We made the mistake of believing the [---] on their website and booked by phone direct and regretted it. When we discovered how bad it was we spent hours searching the local streets for vacancies without success and had to stay in the place - ARGH. Some of the local hoteliers were even more sorry for us when they realised that we were trying to escape from the Hyde Park Court - it appears that the hotel has a reputation! Whats wrong? Well here's a brief summary of the issues with our room (55 GBP / Night):The double bed was against the wall because no room available for access both sides;No bedside tables at all as no room for them;Bathroom is a plastic unit (like a caravan) built into the room - it is tiny (see picture);You cannot wipe your bum with the door closed, it has to be open;The wash hand basin is IN the shower cubicle;The tap set for the shower is at shoulder level on the side wall of the shower and scalds you if touched;The shower cubicle is approx 75mm wider than the average male's shoulders (you will be scalded at least once);The bed did not have a fitted bottom sheet just a single sheet that did not reach the sides so it could not be tucked in;Only two pillows the depth of ice cream wafers provided - request for extra pillows were met with offers of spare towels (no pillows);Bedding appears to have been purchased from other hotels that were refitted in the 70s / 80s, and quilt cover had evidence of rodent attack;Only 4 hand towels provided (no bath towels) after complaints eventually two bath towels were provided to supplement the pillows;The noise and vibration of every tube train kept you awake;Using the TV to hide the noise was of limited value as eventually you had to get up anyway because the TV had no remote control;The room was very hot despite temps outside below 10C;The ventilation fan provided only worked on slow and because only one power point could only be on when the TV was off;The hotel claims to be adjacent to Hyde Park - they are actually at least 15 minutes walk away with the closest point being Lancaster Gate - take everything said on their website with a pinch of salt.I would only book here if you can gaurantee alternative available accommodation if you are not satisfied AND you are not forced into paying in advance, otherwise DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Feb 10 2008	Unbelievable - Still crying now.	Our Room was so small you could hardly move. The bedcovers were dreadful - Why we stayed the night I do not know - but we had little choice - The toilet smelt and as someone has so rightly said was barely bigger than a portaloo.Breakfast consisted of cereal and a roll so dry you couldn't eat it. Everyone was throwing them away.An experience I would never want to repeat. I am not a fussy person and believe that you get what you pay for, but how they get away with these conditions as far as environmental health are concerned I do not know.	
Oct 24 2007	rats in room	We booked this hotel for a 2 night stey - 3 adults, one 3yr old. The website was interactive and looked very impressive - this was completely deceitful!!! it was a shambles. We left after the first night and these are the reasons.....the entrance was disappointing - very shabby, dirty and disgusting. The reception desk was cracked and the staff were quite unhelpful when there was a problem. One lady in our party was 30 weeks pregnant and we had a 3yr old child with us and we were on the 4th floor - no-one offered help at all. The room was small and dirty, my nephew found the two mouldy maltesers underneath the cupboards. The bathroom was a dirty plastic shell in the corner of the room and offered limited hot water. The television did not work and the room STANK! We were disturbed by the train noise, which runs directly underneath the hotel and rattled windows and furniture alike. The room was cold - due to the inadequate heating and considering the fact that we had a three yr old child with us the metre wide sash window which fell directly onto the street and could not be locked meant we couldn't relax the whole time we were there.The breakfast was inadequate and the staff were arguing between themselves.This was not the only reason we left after our first night - we were woken at 5.40am by rats in our bedroom - that's right...RATS!! Brilliant, especially for a preggers lady and 3yr old!! We moved to the chrysos hotel opposite - couldn't be more helpful - they were wonderful!!if you do decide to stay at the Hyde park then good luck...you'll need it!	
Aug 20 2007	definitely pleasant	This hotel is a quite nice place to stay, close to most of conviniences and parks, pleasant area, with lovely people at the reception desk , friendly staff and spacious bedroom... This is not my first trip to London and I expirienced many hotels... I did enjoyed this one, So I will warmly recommend the Hyde park Hotel to anyone looking for a peaceful place with friendly atmosphere.	
Aug 17 2007	Cheating!!!	The description that based on information provided by the hotel is misleading and dishonest. The rooms that are not appropriate for people - the toilet is less than 40 cm from the bed and there is not enough room for suitcase to be brought into the room. There is something written in arabic in reception - no translation. This place couldn't be called a &quot;hotel&quot; It was very awful experience, we left because it was impossible to stay (credit card was charged) and we had to look for another available hotel at late evening hours. There is strong feeling that this hotel makes its profit by charging &quot;no show charge&quot;?	
Aug 8 2007 	Good place to stay	hotel location was superb every thing was on easy access. as i was traveling with children i was woried for safety but foud the hotel and area safe and child friendly. Hotel Staff was very friendly and cooperative as they changed our room from 3rd floor to 1st floor, which was very nice with 2 level and children being on upper level we had a bit of a privacy. Breakfast was the way we like it i.e. simple and light. We enjoyed our our 5 day stay there.	
Jul 1 2007 	Our Flea infested nightmare in Hell!	We booked into this hotel, the Hyde Park Court hotel, Norfolk Sq, for one night. On checking in they made us pay upfront. Then when we had paid our money they informed us that our room was a 5 minute drive away! We argued with the man behind reception that we didnt want to be moved anywhere. He assurred us that they were booked out and that we'd have to go to these rooms.The place they sent us was a hell hole. The name of the place was the Whiteleaf Hotel, Bayswater. It is a flea infested, disgusting hotel. Rentokil poison in the bedrooms, fleas all over the beds. We have never experienced such a dump. At 5am after arguing with the hotel and calling the police we eventually got moved.So be warned - If you book the Hyde Park Hotel, Norfolk Square you cold potentially be staying in any dump around London. A cardboard box would be cleaner!	
Jun 18 2007	Do not book here	We booked this hotel on the internet ( not a well known hotel booking site). When we arrived we paid in full and as soon as the money was handed over we were told we were staying in a sister hotel a five minute drive away.. Obviousy we argued until we realised the second hotel was closer to where we were going that evening. The hotel we were taken to looked ok in the beginning. At 3.30 am we woke to realise we were being attacked by bed bugs. There were cockroaches in the bathroom and mouse traps under the bed. It was a horrible experience. We had to leave the hotel at 4am as one of the group had been bitten quite badly.	
Jun 18 2007 	Avoid this hotel they moved us to an absolute hole	We were a party of 7 girls and had booked 2 rooms in the Hyde Park Court Hotel on the Internet. When we arrived at the Hyde Park Court Hotel after we paid our money they told us we would be driven to our rooms?? We were then brought to another hotel called the Whiteleaf hotel in Bayswater which is the most disgusting hotel in London - we woke up in the middle of the night with cockroaches and bugs in our beds. We moved hotels at 5am in the morning. We are upset because we didnt book into the Whiteleaf hotel we had booked into the Hyde Park Court Hotel. Please avoid booking here because we wouldn't like anyone else to experience what we did. Lisa Martin Dublin, Ireland	
Jun 7 2007	wouldn't call it a "hotel" never again!	The location of this b&amp;b was ok as it was near bus stops,shops etc. The bathroom was like a portaloo - and smelled like one aswell! There was no lifts in this building and our room was on the 4th floor so you can imagine trying to drag a suitcase up 80 steps - yes we counted them, and trying to get your luggage down them again was quite dangerous. So if you have children with you or bad joints or getting on in years this place would not be suitable unless you were guaranteed a room on ground level. If we were going out sight seeing we tried to aviod going back to the hotel to avoid hard slogs up the stairs so we stayed out for as long as possible! The breakfast room was tiny - only 5 tables so if they were all being used you had to wait. Also the staff didn't speak good english. The food at breakfast was ok, not a lot of choice just cereal and a bun but i suppose for the money you pay it was ok. This place would be ok if you were just staying for one night but i would not recommend it for a full weekend stay. Truly awful place.	
Dec 11 2006	awful..do not stay here at any cost!!!!!!!	A shocking waste of money and would not recommend it to anyone. double ensuite room was so small we couldn't even move around the bed and the ensuite was literally no bigger than a toilet you would find in a plane! there was no hot water and when i asked at the reception they told me to &quot;use the kettle&quot; As both me and my wife work in the hotel and catering trade we have stayed in some fantastic hotels but i would never concider staying at this hotel again. Read the reviews!!	
May 5 2006 	Stay Away	I stayed in this hotel in april and i am really kicking my self why i booked the hotel is so badly run that the moment i enter it i was thinking where i came, the gave me the room in the basement and you can hear when people are walking the room is smelly and the bathroom looks like just taken from the construction site, you have to pay on arrival with out seeing the room, and know i can understand why is that, the recpionist is so rude and don't know about anything, when asked, the manager isn't help ful either saying that cannot move me if i want to move i have to pay extra, the breakfast was horriable and unhygenic, thankfuly i checked out and find some decent place to stay. my advise to everyone stay away from this hotel.	
May 3 2006	Would not recommend	We styaed in this hotel last September for two nights and was veru disappointed with standard of accommodation we recieved. We found the room not very clean and the bathroom as well. The bathroom was also very small and it would take about half an hour for the hot water to heat up. I'm serious! Breakfast was included in the rate but you're better off skipping what they serve you altogether. Stale cereal and bread with tea/coffee. Staff were nice enough though but I'm sure you could definitely find better accommodation in London for the same price.	
Jan 3 2006	Hmmm.... I guess its a Hotel....	What can I say, we should have checked this website before we booked. All the reviews we have read have been on the mark. The place is small, dirty, feels unsafe to stay at, smells like a frat house (some smoking surely going on there) the &quot;En-Suite&quot; looks like it has been taken from a demountable on a construction site. The area is nice and its convenient for the tube (which as another reviewer put it seems to run directly under the hotel).We booked online through wotif and have never missed with them before, I guess the Self Rated (by the hotel) 3 stars should have been a warning the spelling mistakes in the description... where exactly is piccidlly curcuse?Anyway, if you can avoid it then do so... I would not wish it on anyone... not even my worst enemy!	
Nov 6 2005	Never again!	This is by far the worst accomodation I have ever stayed at. The room was filthy, with rips and stains, including blood, on the bedspreads. The bathroom smelled like an open sewer and even with the one window propped open over night and the fan going, we could not use the bathroom except for emergencies. The smell was even coming from the shower drain! The photos on line looked nothing like the reality. The price included breakfast, however we were afraid to eat here considering the lack of cleanliness in the room. Stay away! It is better to pay a bit more and feel comfortable and clean. I would not even recommend this property to a low budget traveler.	
Aug 3 2005	Only recommended when tight budget	Booked according to the webpage, which shows the rooms very different and not like they are in reality. Bed was quite old, same as all interiors include of the bathroom. Room and bathroom where very small and only 1 towel per person. Only small staircases, no lift, and no smoke detectors inside rooms. No hangers in whatsoever way. There was a waterboiler with coffee and teabags, but when opened the waterboiler there was old water inside together with lime inside swimming. Don't know how long it was inside. Rooms have to be paid in advance. If front rooms, nice view to small park. Quiet street, though only 2 min walk to shops/restaurants and 3 min walk to Paddington station. Breakfast was very simple. Staff was friendly, but not &quot;overfriendly&quot;. Can only recommend, if budget is very tight. Overall athmosphere was not nice.	
Jun 7 2005	Horrible hotel Never Go !!!!	This hotel is one of, if not, the worst I have ever experienced, you should never go there!Hotel dirty, small rooms without window, underground noise, mattress very old, dirty and very uncomfortable (we felt all the springs!), full payment required at check-in before showing rooms!!!! The website does not show the realty. The breakfast is poor. The prices are overestimated since we obtained a reduction of 35 % in 5 minutes!When we get back from dinner, we found the door of our room opened !! Fortunately, nothing was stolen...	
Apr 8 2005	Horrible	I absolutely love London but would honestly rather not visit London again than stay in a Hotel like this. They have, infact, got a nerve passing this off as a hotel. When we checked in we were asked to pay up front and then shown to our rooms in the 'basement'. I then realised why they took payment up front, as this hotel is shocking. One of the 'basement' rooms we occupied had a window that did not close properly and the other had bars up at the window (a complete fire hazard!!!). There was rubbish and a dirty old mattress piled up outside of the room windows which looked so discusting that there was no choice but to keep the curtains closed. The rooms themselves were dirty and small, the furniture was old and wallpaper was peeling off the walls. To add to all of this you were disturbed until late at night, and again first thing in the mornings by the tubes which obvioulsy passed directly under the 'hotel' and shook it. We were also disturbed, in the middle of each night, by staff running about the basement laughing and joking. I actually had my suitcase against the room door at night as I certainly did not feel safe and secure in this hotel.Breakfast was pathetic and served in the hotel reception area. It was complete false advertising as there was certainly no coffee shop and their Resteraunt was actually accross the street somewhere (didn't see it so I would have to take their word for it). The hotel was so bad that we spent the entire first day of our vacation walking around London looking for alternative accommodation!!!This was a really nasty experience and I am posting this review as I would not wish it on anyone else. I would urge anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel in London to avoid this one as, although it is reasonably priced, it really is of an appalling standard.	
Mar 5 2005	You get what you pay for	I totally agree with &quot;Cassie&quot;. My single room was closet size, the bed was very uncomfortable, and the underground beneath reverberated through the whole building, even though I was on the 3rd floor. My daughter and her boyfriend had a room in the basement, where the noise was worse. Fortunately I found the linen closet and helped myself to additional/clean towels.Staff was OK, the location is perfect, and it is vey inexpensive, but I'll never stay there again and cannor recommend it.	
Oct 23 2004	Just BAD	What a pit!! We were in Room BO1, the basement.&quot;En-suite&quot;? Toilet and tiny sink were in a SMALL closet under the stairs. There was no door knob on the inside of the &quot;en-suite&quot; because if you bent over to use the sink, your backside pushed the door open and would have been bruised. There was no towel bar/ring, no TP holder, no toilet brush, no shelf. no vent. The shower stall was out in the room, with only a bit of stick-on frosted plastic (contact paper) for privacy. We were given one towel each but there was no place to hang the towel--wet or dry. They could not replace a burnt out lightbulb for the reading light--had none. Multiple cobwebs all around the ceiling: the room finish and paint were peeling off over the &quot;phone box&quot; closet-- which was placed in front of a door that went to the inside building well-- no fire escape, no security on a window that was below street level, and water was dripping continuously somewhere out there. No smoke detector; the mattresses were soiled and had a hard lump in the middle; no radio; &quot;satellite TV&quot;?--only 5 channels on the TV. There does not exist a &quot;Bar/Coffee shop&quot;, nor is there a &quot;Lounge&quot;. What restaurant? The breakfast area has a flat screen TV, but does not have any chairs other than the wooden ones for the breakfast tables, and there is not enough seating for breakfast--wait in line. Breakfast consists of dry box cereal, day-old croissants and buns, juice from a box, a hot water pot with your choice of instant coffee or tea bags. The tables are so low that you cannot get your legs under the table without upsetting everything on it. I never saw an ice machine, but maybe it was upstairs somewhere.The list goes on, but enough. False advertising might be the case. Find somewhere else, we looked in Cardiff Hotel, much better.	
Jul 8 2004	false advertising.	Arrived tired to find desk staff unhelpful.. had booked on internet. sent us to basement room with smelly rubbish piled up outside window and bathroom had broken tiles on shower floor. After much talking they finally found a 2nd floor room that was a bit better. Breakfast was ordinary not even able to put cloth on table! Might be cheap but doesnt have to be nasty.	
Jun 23 2004	Disappointing Stay	The name &quot;Hyde Park Court Hotel&quot; conjures up images of sprawling parks and appealing decor. I would not, however, recommend this hotel to anyone. While it's true that the hotel is within walking distance to Hyde Park and the location in Paddington is most convenient, my 5 days spent there were most unpleasant. The room was so small that there was literally no place to put down the suitcases, and the bathroom was in fact smaller than an airplane bathroom. I had to stand in the shower to get dressed. As for the room service, the maid simply folded the wet towel and placed it on the bed everyday; needless to say, the shower curtain and entire room smelled of mildew. Breakfast was nothing special. The staff was courteous but not friendly. Surely there are better values in London.	
Jun 16 2004	Disappointing .	It's a cheap hotel but that's it. Small rooms , not very clean and the breakfast wasn't really extensive. The staff was friendly but the rest was a disappointment if you go by their website .	
Jun 11 2004	never again	Mixed up the reservation. Tried to put us in a double when I had booked a twin. Beds very uncomfortable. Horrible smell in the bathroom. Stale bread at breakfast. 79 stairs to the room. 	
May 19 2004	Clean Room Poor Service	I decided on the Hyde Park Court because I wanted an inexpensive single room near Paddington Station. Indeed, I booked a room via laterooms.com for £36, a very good price for London. When I arrived at 10:00 pm, the desk clerk claimed I had reserved 2 rooms. He insisted on showing me the screen of his PC, displaying all the rooms in the hotel with my name next to 2 of them. He implied strongly that this must be my fault. I offered to show him the written confirmation from laterooms.com confirming *one* room. After 5 minutes of indecision, he decided to check me in and only ask me to pay for one room. After going out to dinner, I returned and asked the same clerk to see the London telephone directory. His response was, &quot;Do you really need to see it?&quot; I replied that, yes, I did want to look up a telephone number and address. The clerk looked on the bookshelf above his desk and then replied, &quot;I'm sorry, we used to have one, but we don't anymore.&quot;At this point, I gave up on the service. The room itself was very small, but fair for the price. It was very clean as well. It smelled strongly of smoke, but I don't expect otherwise in small hotels in Europe. However, the bed was the 2nd most uncomfortable I've ever had. In fact, it felt like they had made the bed on a box spring rather than on a mattress. I felt many dozens of coil springs right under the sheet. I ended up laying on my side at the very side of the box spring, and not sleeping very well. No, I didn't complain, because by that point I didn't really want to interact with the desk clerk any more. I know I didn't pay much, but I still expect better than this!	
Mar 3 2004	Student says it is better than a hostel!	I stayed at this hotel for 11 nights in September 2004. While it is not a Hilton, it does do the job. The staff were soooo kind, I really can not stress that enough. They were helpful and always had a smile on their face. The room was cleaned everyday. The cleaning staff did a good job and worked around all our excess luggage. We never worried about leaving anything in the room. The bathroom was interesting but aren't they all usually. The room was spacious by European standards. The breakfast was minimal but most are. It was good though, filling. I would definitely stay here again if I was on a budget in London.	
Dec 25 2003	Abvisable hotel	23.12.2004The hotel is clear and quiet. The rooms are small but clear and the breakfast is simple.It is in a good position near the underground station and the bus stations.I think it is economic and advisable.	
Aug 28 2009 	Topaia!!!!		
Mar 7 2009 	A fuir		
Feb 15 2009	nicht weiterzuempfehlen		
Mar 15 2006	pésimo		
