Aug 6 2009 	Not good	Just back from 2 night stay at Admiral hotel London but there was nothing admireable about this place. We had a triple room on the third floor up steep stairs. There is no lift. Our room was tiny, very hot with a very pokey shower room.I was disappointed with the bathroom there were hairs in the shower ! The shower was more of a dribble than a shower, pathetic ! Beds were ok. Light bulbs missing, broken dressing table door very old coffee sachets which I was afraid to try.The heat was unbearable, we had to try to sleep with the noisy fan on all night, but it didn't help much.Breakfast was an experience...we had to queue for a table and the waiter was run ragged, poor guy. It did have a good point though it was close to Paddington Underground which was great. Don't buy tickets from reception for &quot;big bus tour&quot; they promise 20% discount but there is none. Get them online.Definately needs a visit from the Hotel Inspector!!!!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Very Disappointed.	We arrived late in the evening to a room that had water leaking through the light fixture in the bathroom which shorted out our electricity. They have since moved us into 2 other rooms, unpacking and settling in has not been an option because we have now been moved to a third room. The furniture is broken, the bed coverings are torn, the carpet is worn and dirty and the bathrooms are so small that you cannot turn around in them. The rooms themselves are not large enough to fit three people, even if you have reserved a triple room. The breakfast included barely resembles something edible. Overall it feels like a run down hostel and is not worth the price that is paid nightly. This has been an absolutely terrible experience and I would suggest staying at a holiday inn or something well known; at least you know what you're paying for in those places.	
Mar 17 2009 	Mold in the Bathroom	We knew that the hotel would not be top line but mold in the bathroom!! The beds were not even beds but matress stacked up on top of each other. There was no alarm clock and no hand soap in the bathroom. The carpet was old and looked like it hadn't been vaccumed in months. The breakfast was OK and the staff was helpful.	
Jan 21 2009 	Stay away!	I can only be thankful I just stayed for one night! the bathroom was unbelievably small and really uncomfortable to use. The only good thing was that it was relatively clean. there was no space to put your luggage, so we struggled with this. The people in the reception aren't very helpful so don't expect much help from them. It was January and the heating wasnt working, and neither did the phone or the wireless. There are better places in London for this same price so be sure to book somewhere else.	
Jun 10 2008 	Does The Job	To be honest, I have stayed in many hotels in London and its not generally the individual hotel that is bad but simply the value for money obtained in London as a whole. Infact the Admiral was above average for many of the hotels I have visited although I did read its reviews before booking and was to my surprise that it did not hold the weight of those reviews and the reason I proceeded to book was of a reccommendation. Staff just about give you anything you need and have a 'family' type attitude toward you. During my 8 night stay there I did encounter regulars whom frequented the hotel on a weekly basis and due to the abundance of hotels near by, took this in as a good factor of the place. The stairs can be a teaser if your on the upper floors however.As I brosed with the help of the receptionist, I saw that some rooms had full bathroom/tub and tiled rooms and some were a unit waterproof styled based cabin bathroom. I guess its a matter of preference where mine would not sooo much be the size but more the cleanliness and they, at least mine, were cleaned well daily leaving that antibacterial smell that you would expect from a toilet which had been cleaned well.Breakfast great though you should pop out for one or two days to a local cafe to get an altered taste.	
May 24 2008 	Abysmal	An awful place - even for the price bracket - steer well clear.Note the narrow photo of the front door on all the web sites - that is because the derelict entrance is next door, covered in scaffolding and rotting. I guess we were 'lucky' to be placed in the Admiral itself, but the family room was down in a dirty, smelly basement. The hotel was dirty, grubby, and the 'family room' was tiny. The TV did not work properly - a shabbie old TV that could only get BBC1 - so much for satellite TV in every room. The remote control was in pieces in a draw. I put my children to bed and they immediately complained of the bed linen smelling - and it did. Once they were asleep, I turned on my laptop - the alleged wireless connection in every room did not exist either. At 3am the loudest party kicked off up the corridor and went on for the rest of the night - and that was the staff (honest!). Come the morning, we waited and waited for the hot water to come on - it never did.An awful place. Absolutely awful.	
Feb 10 2008 	We Booked The Admiral But Got Put In The Kingsway Park Next Door!	My partner booked this hotel aftering seeing it online, and calling up the owner. It was my birthday so we wanted a nice weekend away in London, something basic, not too far away from the main attractions and not too expensive. The hotel we booked was called the Admiral Hotel. It says on the website that you have to check in at the Kingsway Park hotel, which was situted a few steps away. This was fine. The Admiral looked nice on the website pictures, showing a nice modern bar, and clean rooms. It was this hotel we had booked! Once into the Kingsway Park hotel, we where then told thats where we would be staying. It seems that's where everyone stays! It appeared the nice clean Admiral Hotel was not having guests! This was indeed empty! We checked in early, and where told where our rooms where. As other reviews say, the stairs where very steep and there was no lift or warning which didnt help someone in my party that had a knee complaint, but i havent let that interfere with the review, as i could of enquired upon booking. My room had a terrible smell as soon as i walked in. I wasnt expecting anything less though, as the hotel upon entry was tired, shabby, had a smell to it, and had dirty woodwork and walls, and frayed carpets. The divan bed was 2 singles together, with a badly stained base. The lamps had stained and burnt lampshades. The furniture was dated and didnt fit in the room. There was no fancy chairs and furniture like the i've just seen on the Kingsway Park Hotel website! We kepting hurting ourselves when walking around the crammed room on the furniture. The portable tv did work, but the picture wasnt quite viewable, i felt like i had double vision after looking at it. The main critisim is aimed at the toilet which was a portocabin shower and loo in one type of thing, which was placed in the room, but then was incorporated into the paintwork. It smelt, had mould on the shower, and when sitting on the loo, your foot was in the shower area, which was very small. The bottom of the door was also covered in rust. I did not use the shower at all, as it was very off putting. My partner did, and he was fine with it. The other room we booked, for other parties, was very similar but they had a bath, and a more normal bathroom, which had a terrible smell of damp in it. I didnt sleep well during my two night stay. The bedding was a sheet, and then an extremely 'itchy' blanket, with a floral throw over the top. This was covered in stains. Me and my partner had one small pillow each, there was no other bedding to use. Breakfast was included in the price described as a 'full english' we went down for breakfast which was served in small room crammed with tables in the basement. Two ladies, whom we saw cleaning rooms served breakfast. The option was cereal, toast and the cooked breakfast was a boiled slice of bacon, egg (scrambled,fried or boiled) plum tomato and a sausage. I did not recieve what i ordered for breakfast on both mornings, and didnt rectify it as the person serving breakfast could not fully understand my english. Our bed was made while we where out, and there where towels left in the room. The manager/owner was around for most of the time, and there seemed to be approx 6-7 other guest there, excluding my party. There was no problem returning. The front door was unlocked and there was a gentleman on the desk. The latest we returned was around 11pm. The area of this hotel sussex gardens, has a whole host of hotels similar to this one. They all had vacancies in there window, but did look a lot cleaner and friendlier. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. It did us for the weekend, because we had no choice once we got there. Location was great for us, lots of restuarants, and paddington station near by, but for the price, which can seem cheap, im sure there are others for the same price in better condition. In my opinion, it wasnt clean, wasnt comfortable, the food wasnt good, so it was a huge let down for me. Luckily the great company i had, and London being so fantastic didnt make my weekend a complete let down. I have written this review within 7 hours of returning as i would hate anyone to have a weekend ruined, and this hotel would do that! Don't be fooled thinking they put you up in the Admiral hotel, when infact your staying at the Kingsway Park. The website for the Kingsway Park Hotel says it has recently been refurbished! Id of hated to of seen what it was like before! Both the Kingsway Park and The Admiral Hotel have individual websites, the pictures on both are extremely different to what you get, so there not worth looking at! Please look at reviews for the Kingsway Park when booking the Admiral as thats where you will probably stay!	
Dec 17 2007 	Small- that's my only complaint...	I stayed at the Admiral from Nov 5th to the 11th of 2007. I kind of understand the less then positive remarkes made about the hotel in some aspects but not all of them . it's location is great and the staff is friendly. Mr. So and Maria you went out of your way to help and I appreciate it immensley! i guess because I don't travel too often and I don't stay in that many hotels I don't have such high and mightly standards, but my room which was at the very top of the hotel as neat and clean as it could be and I just considered the staircase good excercise! The daily breakfast was delicious and the beautiful Hyde park was a short walk away as were all the prime tube stops. It's no big problem to me that the check in is too hotels away. it's like ten steps people, not a huge in convenience!The day I checked out my cab arrived early and on time. A good experiance overall, and I may come back again. My only advice is don't call past 9 pm UK time. The night porter is a total box of rocks!	
Dec 11 2007 	Very disappointing	The first thing I found very disturbing is that the actual hotel is two doors down called Kingsway Hotel - don't expect an explanation from anyone for that one. Our room was clean but tiny, on top of a neck breaking stair case! Bathroom was appalling, minute and it smelled like a sewer, probably coming from the shower drain. Staff not very friendly, I've never heard a &quot;hello&quot;, &quot;thank you&quot; or &quot;you're welcome&quot; from them. Breakfast is ok but the room itself is a joke. Tables and chairs are crammed together so tight that there is basically not enough room to sit if there are several people in the room! I know that the price is considered as cheap for London standards, but it's still way too expensive for what you're getting out of it ! The only good thing is it's location, very close Paddington Station. Over all - not recommended !!	
Oct 8 2007 	Not recommended	I wish I had read the other reviews first before booking this Hotel. Our experience is the same as that experienced by reviewers since 2005. The Hotel lobby is that of another hotel 2 addresses down. You don't know this until you arrive. There is no lift in the Hotel. The room was shabby and the sheets had holes in them. The bathroom was minute even by London standards. The shower head could not fit in the bracket in any way but to point directly at the opposite wall rather than downwards. I am under 5 foot and a UK size 8 and could not stand in the shower without the curtain, which smelt, sticking to me as it was so small. The shower also had two large mould patches on the wall. The staff were friendly but there was a dispute over unpaid wages with the kitchen staff as we left which may be an indication why this property has not improved over time. The Enlish breakfast was good and the location great but the rooms terrible. This is not an AA *** Hotel.	
Jul 7 2007 	Admiral is a dump	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Don't be fooled by the photos. I was stuck in what seemed like an attic with only a skylight and holes in the wall. Please book a well-known brand name hotel. It is worth the extra money. Staying on the street would have been better than this dump.	
Oct 15 2006	Scary	Scary hotel. My room was in the basement and it felt like I was in the cabin of a very small boat. There was a weird skylight/ceiling hatch that let a small amount of light in. There was a ceiling fan that made so much noise you would think it was nuclear-powered. And at night lying in the bed - it almost felt like you were being buried alive. But it was cheap and in walking distance to many good areas - so if you're up for adventure and you plan on not staying in the room more than sleeping hours, I guess you'll be ok.	
Sep 25 2006 	OK but comments on specific rooms	I stayed there with 4 of my friends. We originally had booked two doubles and a single, but when we saw the rooms, we changed to a double and a triple. The single we were shown was in the basement down a small, twisty staircase . It was a tiny, dark room with an even tinier shower stall/WC and none of us wanted it. So two people ended up in room 3, and three of us ended up in room 9. Room 3 wasn't bad. It was the easiest room in the hotel to reach: it was up the first flight of stairs: a straight shot. The room had cross ventilation, and a decent sized shower stall/WC. Room 9 was up a floor or two more and you had to go around corners/landings. 9 did not have cross ventilation, and it was hot! The bathroom was very small, probably like what you would find in a recreational vehicle or a boat. I've included a photo of the bathroom in room 9. Both 3 and 9 looked out the back of the building, really not much of a view, but probably quieter than if we had been fronting Sussex Gardens. The staff was nice, and the breakfasts were fine. The rooms were acceptably clean. The staff did help us bring our bags up when we arrived. You still have to check in with the hotel 2 doors down (same management/ownership.) One possible problem in the future: apparently they have applied to have a bar/club in the evenings on the ground floor. I got the feeling it might be open to the public, not just the people staying there. Not sure how that will work out as far as noise, and security.	
Sep 10 2006	Not at all as advertised	The Admiral hotel at 139 Sussex Gardens is desribed by Orbitz when I booked as &quot;a dedicated staff providing an exceptionally welcoming and friendly atmosphere. (08/05RP) Built originally in the 1850s, this elegant Victorian listed building has recently been thoroughly refurbished to a high standard, combining charm and character.&quot; When I arrived I was taken instead to the Kingsway at 143 Sussex Gardens assured it was the same hotel. My room was definitely not to a high standard, had NO charm, NO character and the owner/manager was rude and snooty. When I requested my orignal booking at 139 address, I was shown a hellhole in the basement, no window, next to the kitchen and smelling of kitchen grease. The only bright light was one of the workers did haul my heavy suitcase up the the 5th!! floor - almost vertical stairs.	
Feb 25 2006	Bathcloset not bathroom	The Admiral is cheap and in a good location. BUT you have to check in at the Kingsway hotel a few doors down. I guess they own both hotels. The room we stayed in had twin beds and the prefab thing they call a &quot;bathroom&quot;. If you are over 5 feet tall you can't close the door when using the toilet and if you're over 6ft tall your head hits the ceiling in the so called &quot;shower&quot;. Also there were always friends of the owners hanging out in the lobby and front porch area. I wouldn't recomend staying there to anyone.	
Mar 8 2005	Unprofessional	Quite a badly run hotel. Reception is now 2 doors down in another hotel. When checking in new guests they open your door to see if your room is free. Renovations are happening and sanding, painting and whistling go on until midnight. They moved my belongings to a different room while i was out without telling me. Room and bathroom sizes are standard london small and breakfast was reasonable. There are so many hotels in this area, which is a very handy area for transport and restaurants, others must be better.	
Feb 21 2005	OK but would not stay there again	I stayed at this hotel in September of 2004. I decided to write this review because I wanted to let the people know that since September of 2004, the ownership of this hotel changed, and definitely not for the better. I agree with previous travelers that the location of this hotel is perfect, however, for this kind of value you can find something better in London. The rooms were very tiny and the new staff was not friendly at all. So if you read previous &quot;perfect&quot; reviews, keep in mind that things changed, and you might not find the hotel you were hoping for. Be careful.	
Feb 17 2005	Disappointing	I had read about the Admiral in &quot;Let's Go&quot; and expected it to be a &quot;beautifully run family B &amp;B&quot; as they described. Unfortunately, the hotel changed management on our arrival and we had to go next door for our keys, etc. The new manager or concierge stayed in the front lounge watching TV with some other men and at first was not particularly friendly or helpful. I am used to small rooms and baths in London hotels but this one took the prize. As my daughter said, it was like an airplane bathroom. The shower was a tiny plastic triangle in the floor bordered by a thin curtain.Although the location is great, I would not return to the Admiral.	
Feb 8 2005	Excellent value. Will return.	I stayed in the hotel for three weeks.1) It is well located. About a three minute walk from Paddington Station, not far from Edgeware road and several supermarkets. There is a laudromat in London Street. One can walk across Kensington Gardens to get to the &quot;Museums&quot;. Surrey Gardens is a quiet street.2) Hotel is clean and changes the sheets and towels every day. Rooms are larger than the hotel rooms that I stayed in Italy. The bathrooms are small. Don't expect a mansion.3) Looked forward to breakfast every day. There is a choice between an English or Continental breakfast.4) Manangent is friendly and helpful.5) The hotel appeared to be the only hotel in the street that was fully occupied.6) The stairs are steep. If one is slightly older, or short of breath then it is advisable to get a lower floor.7) The front door is kept locked and every guest is given a key.	
Dec 16 2004	Breakfast staff outstanding	We stayed there 4 nights from November 25-29th. While the ensuite bathroom is tiny and the shower smaller yet, we always had hot water, even with 4 of us sharing a room. If you do the hokey pokey and wash one side and then another it works. The room felt very warm, and we ended up opening a window to cool it down even in November. Three of our four nights were very quiet. One night we did hear the bell ringing at night and stomping about and doors slamming despite a sign on the door telling people to go to another hotel at night to get a key. So your stay as in any other hotel anywhere depends upon the courtesy of others sharing the premises. Susan in the breakfast room served us each morning with a bright smile and cheery disposition. Full English breakfast consists of toast, tea or coffee, eggs cooked to order, Canadian bacon, beans and tomato. Oatmeal or porridge, orange juice and cornflakes are also available. With that meal to start the day, the ladies often skipped lunch. Paddington Station is a couple of blocks away which was great. While not perfect, the hotel is clean and the staff friendly and I would stay there again.	
Sep 28 2004	OK but no more	I just got back from spending 5 nights at the Admiral Hotel. I have decided to write this review since according to the previous reviews there is an image that the hotel is perfect. It is not the case. Disadvantages:1. Shower and toilet are REALLY SMALL, about 1 meter x 1 meter size, and the water pressure is very weak.2. There are a lot of staires.3. The breakfast is: 0NE pease of bacon, omelet from ONE egg and toasts.4. The rooms is not quiet, there is the bell at the entrance of the hotel that alarms all visitors of the hotel.5. The staff is not friendly.Advantages:1. Good location, (one minnute from tube (paddington))2. Clean enough.3. Low prices (about 65 &amp;)I will not stay at Admiral hotel again.	
Sep 1 2004	Great Location!	We stayed at the Admiral for a week at the end of July and found the location absolutely perfect for our sight seeing needs. The room was clean and neat if blandly furnished. The ensuite bathroom was of the prefab variety and definitely on the small side. Breakfast was very good and we were happy to have a choice between full English and continental. Our room faced the street and traffic noise was pretty loud since we kept our window open (very warm weather while we were there). I would absolutely recommend the Admiral to others.	
Jun 23 2004	Great Service	I just got back from spending six nights at the Admiral Hotel and I enjoyed my time there very much. It is at a very convenient location...near Paddington Station which has an express train to Heathrow in 15 minutes. And it's a short walk to Hyde Park. The owners provide a delicious English breakfast each morning and are always available to answer questions. My friends stayed down the street at a more expensive hotel but I got the better deal! I will stay there again when I am in London and will recommend it to friends.	
Jan 10 2004	Great Choice - Friendly Service	 We have stayed at the Admiral during two trips to London. We have found the Hotel to be neat and clean, with a very friendly staff. An excellent breakfast awaited us each morning. The hotel is centrally located in London, with easy access to many famous attractions. We will surely want to stay at the Admiral during our next trip to London. 	
Nov 24 2003	Admiral Hotel is a great choice	If you want to stay in a friendly, clean Bed &amp; Breakfast hotel in London, this is a perfect choice for you! Everything was great. A good personally served and cooked breakfast, clean rooms and friendly staff. We payed £56 per night for our twin room which was good value for money.You live close to central London, Hyde Park and Paddington Station, just a few minutes by tube or a 20 min walk to the center parts. Perfect!One note, though. If you're having trouble with stairs then this place may not be for you. A narrow (carpeted) staircase and many floors (4?) may be too much for some people. No lift/elevator available.	
Nov 9 2003	The Adrimal Hotel is one of London's Best kept Secrets!	We have stayed at the Admiral Hotel, on All of our Visits to London. The Hotel is a Fantastic Location, in London. Within easy walking distance to both Paddington Station, and Lancaster Gate Tube Underground. The Hotel is Family Owned and Opperated by a Superb Couple named: Frank &amp; Gloria. They go out of their way to make each Guest feel at home, while staying with them. The hotel is a converted Victorian Townhouse, located on lovely tree lined Sussex Gardens. A Traditional English Breakfast, Welcomes you each day of your stay at the Hotel. The rooms are very Comfortable, Quiet, and all are insuite Bathrooms; as well as a Tea/Coffee service. The Owners are happy to answer any questions that we have had about London, as well as giving us information about siteseeing in and around London. We can not wait to Return to London and stay at their Hotel Again!	
May 8 2009 	Patético		
Sep 23 2007	furchtbar		
Dec 11 2006 	Yo no vuelvo		
