Nov 13 2009 	Reasonable hotel in good location	I have stayed at the Premier Inn for four nights out of five for the last five months.The rooms are very much a standard and are always clean and well maintained. There are varieties though - some rooms have two chairs, some a sofa bed. Some have a coffee table, some do not. Some have a larger gap under the door than others. The rooms at the end of the corridor by the emergency staircase are huge, could accommodate a rave yet still have a tiny TV! I have stayed on five of the six floors, front and back. Whilst some rooms are a little noisy on the front, in the main the hotel is quiet throughout. The rooms all have space for clothes, tea and coffee and a hairdryer. In my experience problems in the room are fixed quickly and the reception staff are very helpful.There is a wealth of tourist information and details about public transport provided.Issues raised by others concerning telephone costs, snack machines etc. etc. are a little unfair. 1. this is London, and 2. a lot of hotels overcharge with these!Breakfast is £7.50 and not particularly good value. The staff are generally very friendly but the quality of the hot food makes me feel that it was bought on the cheap. These days I generally avoid the full english in favour of the SMALL croissants. In busy periods you may have to eat in the bar and queues do form. It's hardly the fault of the hotel if everyone arrives at the same time.I've not had dinner there but I've seen some dis-satisfied people coming out of the restaurant.The location of the hotel to my mind is very good. You are five minutes away from Tower Bridge and Tooley Street with a good array of restaurants, the Thames Path and pubs. London Bridge tube is 10 minutes and Tower Hill tube is approximately 15 minutes. Buses go from outside the hotel to Waterloo.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great stay in great location.	A very friendly welcome from the helpful staff and the number of people on duty made it feel secure. Room was good size, very clean &amp; comfortable. Good location for sightseeing with plenty of buses and taxis around. Stayed over a weekend so no congestion charge and being able to park in the car park for a reasonable charge was a real plus for us.	
Nov 10 2009 	Decent hotel for the price	I stayed at the hotel in October 2009. Check in was quick and efficient. The room was a decent size and the bathroom was clean. Even though I was overlooking the main road that leads up to Tower Bridge the road was quiet enough to get a good night’s sleep. I did not eat in the restaurant but had breakfast which had a good selection especially as they doing ‘an eat as much as you like’ arrangement. Location wise it is about a 10 to 15 minute walk so location is ideal for the city and the local tourist attractions. London Bridge tube and railway station is about a 10 minutes walk away.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good budget hotel but poor restaurant service...	Usual positive Premier Inn reception, large clean rooms, no surprises anywhere - everything just as it should be. I've stayed here around 12 times over the past year and the restaurant service has always been average. Last night it was distinctly below average....45 minute wait for a starter, main course 15 mins. Food was good for a budget hotel, but no-one seemed to be in charge. There's one particular person here who is always hard to deal with (just my opinion of course) and I try to avoid him but he appeared to be trying to run everything last night and had all the (apparently quite inexperienced) staff running round getting nothing achieved. The bizarre way the chain handles business accounts means that you have to close the bill when you leave the restaurant - noting too hard there but nobody could bring me a bill so I left.Hope it's better next time.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent place to stay for a "first timer" visiting London	The staff is extremely helpful and so this is a very good hotel to stay, for a first-timer to London. It is on a good bus route that gives quick access to the rest of the city. The rooms are clean and of ample size. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you are on a budget.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good budget hotel near the Tower Bridge.	London is expensive, so $145 for single room is relatively cheap. As such, this hotel should be evaluated for what it is and what is aims to be. Breakfast is another $13 per adult (free for kids under 10) and this is a reasonabe..The hotel is generally clean. The beds are comfortable and the rooms have all that you need. The quality of the breakfast food is nearly 2nd rate but I find that this is common in the British Isles. They offer super fatty sausage, baked tomatoes and pork-n-beans for breakfast! Funny. They also have cereal, yogurt, eggs, etc. We had dinner there and it was acceptable. There are many good restaurants within 15 minutes by foot.From this hotel you can reach the London Tower in 10 minutes. Parking is very tough in this neighborhood and the hotel has a garage, so if you are driving in this is a big plus.Hotel's internet is pretty good and they're on a network that works with Boingo.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent location	We took our 8 yr old grandson a 3-night 4-day trip to London. The room was spacious and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent and reasonable value and the more children under 16yrs (eat free) the better value. We didn’t eat in the restaurant but it looked busy.The hotel is a bit of a walk (15 mins) from London Tower tube station but Tom never tired of walking over the bridge. You can catch the open top bus alongside the station. The area is surrounded, within close walking distance, by attractions including St Catherine’s Dock and lots of restaurants, pubs and bars. We thoroughly enjoyed the break.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel in centre of London	We stayed for 2 nights in a family room and got a fab view on the 5th floor. Ate breakfast both mornings and staff were very attentive and happy!! Room good - beds all made up each day - only bad thing was the musty smell from the bathroom. Check in/out was very good and the walk to the London Bridge tube was about 10 mins, but better to walk via the river walk as more interesting and loads to see. Great for the Q Park Butlers Wharf car park you can pre-book as cheaper than the Premier Inn car park. Had a lovely trip and always good to know hotel was cool (air-con) and had what we all needed for a good night sleep.	
Aug 25 2009 	Tremendous Tower Bridge	We stayed at the Premier Inn Tower Bridge for a three night weekend stay. The family room was plenty big enough for four of us. The staff were very helpful and friendly and made a special effort to be nice to the kids.The breakfast was good with plenty of variety and refreshed regularly.The location is good for Tower Bridge, Tower Of London and the bus tours picked up around the corner on Tooley Street.The London Dungeon and London Bridge experience were a 15 minute walk away towards the London Bridge tube/train station.The hotel was well placed as, once you are at the tube station, you can get anywhere easily.We walked across Tower Bridge, along the bank to walk across the Millennium Bridge and back along the South bank to the hotel with a few stops and my two young children had no complaints.You won't get much better for the price and the quality of the staff made it extra enjoyable.	
Aug 21 2009 	This place was GREAT except for....	My 15-year-old daughter and I stayed for three nights at this hotel. The accommodations were wonderful...clean, spacious, etc. The hotel staff were also very helpful and gracious. They all seemed to enjoy working there. The only negative was the distance to the nearest Tube station, which was close to one mile. I could have done without that distance before and after siteseeing every day. I would, however, recommend this hotel strongly for someone visiting London!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location for Shakespeare's Globe 	We chose this hotel because it was close to the Globe Theatre. We found the walk from the tube OK with weekend-size bags. Choose your route carefully - a scenic detour takes you past Southwark Cathedral &amp; the Golden Hind!The area beside the river is an attraction in its own right. It was packed with people when we were there, including Russell Brand doing some filming outside the Anchor Inn (where you can get Premier Inn breakfast: £15 for 2 adults and 2 children &amp; pretty good).Staff at the Premier Inn were friendly &amp; welcoming. We were 1hr early for check-in but they found us an alternative family room without any hassle. We were also able to leave bags on checkout to allow us extra time to wander before heading home.Loads of attractions within walking distance as well as bars, restaurants, etc. (Would recommend booking even at Pizza Express and The Real Greek if you have tickets for the theatre).A big thumbs-up from us!	
Aug 14 2009 	Amazing!	My boyfriend and I loved this hotel. From the clean, crisp bedding to the heated towel rail and buffet breakfast the Premier Inn at Tower Bridge had everything we needed. Our room was of a good size, with large, comfortable beds. The bathroom was also lovely, with a bath/shower facility. The television with freeview was nice to settle down to at the end of the day. The buffet breakfast was good, with plenty of choice to suit different tastes. The reception staff were friendly and checking in / out was simple and not at all lengthy. The hotel is a bit of a walk from the nearest tube station, but this isn't at all a problem, as one expects to do a considerable amount of walking when in London anyway. The walk from the tube station London Bridge to the hotel is interesting, as you pass the London Dungeons, and a war Museum. From the station you can also see the Gherkin building. Opposite the hotel there is a handy costcutter shop, should you need anything during your stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 27 2009 	Clean rooms polite helpful staff brilliant breakfast	I don't understand all the complaints about the 10 min walk from the nearest tube. It's hardly a trek is it? If you,ve come to explore London then you'll probably be walking around most of the day sightseeing so an extra 10 mins is not worth moaning about. It clearly states this distance in the online information about this hotel anyway.  My family (hubby, 5yr and 10 yr old boys) thought that this was a really clean comfortable hotel. The bed was really comfortable, our shower was good, the black-out curtains and triple glazing worked (considering we were facing a fairly busy road) and the staff were really helpful and friendly (especially Dean who offered to help us when he spotted us trying to work out our next destination on the tube map!). There was a really good selection on the help yourself, all you can eat, breakfast, which set us up for the day.This hotel was a lovely retreat from our busy, tiring , but thoroughly enjoyable stay in London . Well done Premier Inn!	
Jul 23 2009 	Ideal for a family	For our holiday of 5 nights in London in August 2008, we chose this hotel for its location next to Tower Bridge.I have to say that the hotel is not convenient to the tube. The two nearest stops are at London Bridge railway station and on the other side of the Thames near the Tower of London. Both require a walk of 10-15 minutes to be reached. But there is a bus which stops just outside the hotel which allows you to go to city center or, after a few stops, to the Elephant &amp; Castle junction.Apart from this, which we already knew having read the map before booking, we are completely satisfied with this hotel.A large room very clean and comfortable, excellent breakfast and... 'eat as much as you like'... and our children have had the free breakfast as well! The members of the staff were professional, but very friendly and we also had the good luck of finding a pretty Italian girl among them. And the price is really budget for this area of London!	
Jul 23 2009 	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE	Apparently made an online booking with this hotel. I was never sent a conformation; neither by email, mail, fax etc, so unaware of the booking and went to another hotel instead.They contacted me at 3am on the (weekday) morning of my apparent booking to ask if I would be checking in - I didn't think it was reasonable to wake someone at that hour!I was charged for this night, and despite several attempts to contact Premier Inn to make these complaints again they have never once contacted me to respond.Obviously a rort - they make bookings which they never confim, then charge you for it, and refuse to respond when you complain!	
Jul 16 2009 	Surprisingly good	Excellent price, sparkingly clean with big comfortable beds and spacious rooms. Friendly, helpful staff and an good location near to the vibrant South Bank. This chain has to be one of London's bargains. SO much better than their close &quot;competitor&quot;	
Jun 3 2009 	Comfortable stay	This hotel is a little futher from the tube than the website implies - but still a good location - just a little more of a walk with a lot of luggage than we originally envisaged! Location is brilliant for the Tower of London though.If you have ever stayed in a premier inn than you know what you are going to get - the rooms are a good size for London, clean and comfortable. There is also a good shop accross the Rd where you can get bottles of wine and snacks etc.	
Jun 1 2009 	Congeston Charge warning.	Hotel is situated just on the start of the congeston charge. You DO have to pay the charge to drive IN and OUT of the hotel car park. I forgot and it cost me £60.£60 to turn out of the car park and drive 10m( 30feet). It was my own fault ,but if this note helps anybody else avoid daylight robbery all the better.	
May 27 2009 	Good for the money but a hike from the Tube	This is a very nice, clean and modern hotel, and was a great value for the money. Rooms are a little spartan, but have enough amenities to make them comfortable. Nice flatscreen TV, good water pressure, and reasonably quiet at all hours. We were on the third floor overlooking the parking lot. Our only complaint is that this hotel is a good 15 to 20-minute hike from the nearest Tube station (Tower Bridge). We'd stay at a Premier again, but would choose one a little closer to the Tube. Still, a fine choice at a good price.	
May 26 2009 	Great place for young families	Great value for money when staying with younger children, who can sleep with you in the same room in fine beds and even have breakfast at no extra cost. Very quiet room, we slept well. Breakfast really great. One extra service would do the trick; if they would sell Travel Cards for public transport, enabling you to start off with a nice bus trip.	
Mar 30 2009 	A good no-frills option if you want to stay in this part of the city	Hotel fine. Room fine except for a bad smell permeating the room -it came from the bathroom- it was the shower curtain. Mentioned it to the housekeeper- I hope she replaces it for the next guest. Breakfast good. Had a starter one night- not great. Very good location for the Tower of London. Tube a good 10 minute walk away.	
Mar 30 2009 	Does what is sayes on the tin	Stayed here on Friday March 6th for one night, the staff were super helpful and the room was quiet, and blackout curtains were nice and thick, we opted for the breakfast and it was lovely, we also noticed the nice relaxed atmosphere in the breakfast room as they had virgin radio on in the background, this was good to listen too,rather than the boring piping music that you get in some hotels.if I had to give any negetive feedback all I would say is the the bed was very small and the fan in the bathroom was quite noisy for a short time, although this is not a complaint. : )We would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Basic 	Premier Inn Tower Bridge is in a pretty good spot for sightseeing, South Bank Galleries and that kind of thing. A bit of a walk from London Bridge Tube station, but not too bad.Hotel itself is pretty basic, decor is plain, and could be better. Unpleasant smelling detergents used (sort of garlicky!) , but it was clean and practical.Breakfast buffet is worth it if you want to set yourself up for the day, staff very friendly and helpful. Security measures around the lobby and bar area are a little stringent after 9pm, but I suppose they have good reason.It seems to get a decent amount of trade and turn around of visitors, a good sign.	
Feb 23 2009 	Superb value better than plenty of 4* hotels I've stayed in.	I would really recommend this hotel. It is spotlessly clean, very warm without being too hot (we were there in late December when the weather was very cold) and very quiet. There was no noise from the street. I would describe the walk to the tube station as being only about 10 minutes. The breakfast was fine though there is also a Wetherspoons across the road with about the same value if you fancy a change. Someone else on this site had recommended an Indian restaurant on the same street but it was closed when we were there but instead go past that restaurant and at the end of the road you will see 2 Indian restaurants on the other side of the road. We ate in both of these and found them excellent. The location is really great and the hotel is a lot nicer than more expensive hotels I have stayed in in London. The only negatives I could say were when we arrived the couch bed and the other mattress for our children were not set up and we had to wait about 45 minutes for bedding to be delivered which we then made up ourselves. We rang reception a few times while we were waiting but the girl said she couldn't leave as she was on her own. The second was one evening we decided to have a drink in the hotel and it took quite a long time for a bar person with a very poor manner to appear. Everything else was excellent and other staff were very nice, particularly those in the restaurant.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great value	A party of 9 (6 adults, 3 children) stayed here 12th December 2008 and we very satisfied. The hotel is about a 15min walk from Tower Hill tube and that I would say is the only downside especially when you have a 3 year old with you. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean, we had asked requested a family room, triple and double room, when we arrived at 2pm only the double was ready therefore we left our luggage in this room and went off to do our sightseeing. On our return the other rooms were ready; the family room had a single bed made up (converts to a sofa) and a proper mattress on the floor, the triple room had the sofa bed made up. What impressed us was the fact that these beds were made up (I have been to numerous hotels and had to get the bedding from the wardrobe and make up myself or have had to telephone reception and request the bed we had booked), staying in a 'budget' hotel I thought that would be a job we would have to do ourselves. The rooms were well insulated we never heard anything from the corridor or any of the other rooms, and even though we faced a main road never heard a car all night. The breakfast cost £7.50 and would highly recommend it it was superb with a fantastic selection and everything was fresh. My brother and his wife and 3 children are here from New Zealand and were expecting to pay a fortune for breakfast therefore were really pleased to be told that as the children were all under the age of 16 they would eat for free, where in London can you get 5 'eat as much as you like breakfasts' for £15.00? On the Friday night we ate in the restaurant connected to the hotel and again have no complaints about that, if you are looking for a la carte then you would be disappointed but otherwise good food, can recomment the maple ribs they were fantastic. When we first got to London we got lost(!) and ended up at the Premier Inn Southwark, after realising our mistake the hotel said if they had the amount of rooms we needed they would have been more than willing to transfer us to their hotel, how is that for a service? The staff at our hotel were really friendly and helpful and cannot fault the hotel at all. Would I recommend this hotel? yes I would and on this experience would consider staying at a Premier Inn again.	
Dec 2 2008 	Pretty good for the price and location	GETTING THERE FROM HEATHROW: Most London transportation is expensive. It takes about 30 minutes from LHR to downtown London. If you're not used to driving on the left side of the road and are not willing to suffer the traffic, don't rent a car. The cheapest way to get to your downtown hotel straight from the baggage area is the Dot2Dot shuttle service (www.dot2.com). Comfortable van and only GBP 16.00 one way, straight to your hotel door (may take up to 45 minutes)CHECK-IN: They do not allow you to check in before 3pm (I was lucky to get to my room at 1pm as I sat and snored in their lobby from 10am). They do, however, offer to store your luggage for you while you walk around the Tower Bridge (which is right down the road).GROCERIES: There is a 24-hr grocery store, 40 seconds by foot, out and to the left on Tower Bridge Rd. Don't waste money buying expensive stuff at the hospital.INTERNET: Wi-Fi is available at an additional charge of GBP 10.00 per 42-hours.ROOMS: Clean, comfortable. Don't expect British rooms to be as spacious as their US counterparts. About 10 to 15 channels on TV (but you're not in London to waste time watching TV).TOILETRIES: Bring your own. You'll be charged for everything including toothpaste.BATHROOM: Clean, nice shower. BOTTOMLINE: For ~ GBP70 per night, it's a fair deal. If you book ahead of time, some travel lodges will give you rooms for as little as GBP 24.00 per night. But last year I stayed in one in Carlisle in the Lake District and I'll never stay in one again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Do not eat at restaurant!	Room quiet and cleanish. No tourist info available at all (including bus routes/tubes) . Internet costs 20 per min. DO NOT EAT AT RESTAURANT - cold chicken sent to our table after 1 1/2 wait - reheated in microwave after complaint.!! Ques out the door for breakfast. Extremely poorly managed.	
Oct 30 2008 	Take a book to the restaurant	We have just stayed for two nights at this hotel. The location is within easy walking distance of tower bridge and local tube stations. The hotel is clean and tidy, the rooms are of a good size and we liked the fact that the single bed for the child was a 'proper' bed.HOWEVER there is no communication between the reception and the restaurant. Our reservation had not been given to the restaurant and neither had the families in front of us in the queue. It was half term so you can imagine the choas. It took 1 hour to get any food, we had to go and get our wine order from the bar where it was sitting waiting for someone to bring it over.There was no communication at all from the staff and indeed there seemed to be no one in charge. Despite this when we got the food it was good. Then the service went from terribly slow to too fast, we still had our starters on the table and the main course was presented!!It didn't get any better for breakfast which is self service apart from there wasn't much to help yourself to, yoghurts, fresh fruit, muffins, croissants, fried eggs all had empty containers. The second morning however there was someone who appeared to be taking charge and everything that was advertised was freely available.We had a bottle of Iona Sauvignon Blanc which is described as a South African Cloudy Bay, believe me it is nothing like a Cloudy Bay and the cheaper Orca is much better value.	
Aug 12 2008 	Think twice about this one	Most of the reviews for the Premier Inn London Bridge focus on the distance from an Underground station as the primary drawback. This is a problem but it is not the only one. Another which we found very strange was that it is not possible tom make a local call from your room without a special pre-valued phone card, either from Premier or elsewhere. Not very convenient for someone from North America who does not use phone cards. Staff let us use the reception phone, which is fine for a B&amp;B at half the price, not for a reputable hotel chain. When we were there the neither the elevator nor the air conditioning worked. The elevator was out of service for the two days which we spent there, we were going to stay longer but decided to move because of the problems. And of course the location is terrible for transportation, a good 15 minute hike to the nearest Underground and within the congestion zone, which adds to the cost for anyone with a vehicle. We will not return to Premier.	
Jul 31 2008 	Excellent hotel for value	Like everyone else I have to say that the distance to the nearest tube is quite a distance (15 min) and the buses that pass near dont go to the city center. Btu the Tower Bridge is also at 10 min walk. We stayed with our 3 kids in two quiet, big enough and very clean (spotless) rooms. Very friendly staff especialy the breakfast personel that were very kind with our kids. The breakfast is a little bit expensive for us but free for kids, so :-). We didn't tried other meals.We certainly advise this hotel to our friends.	
Jun 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Once again I can't fault Premier Inn with this lovely hotel just a minute down the road from Tower Bridge. I was on business and it is near enough to the tube (London Bridge - an easy ten minute walk around the corner) to get around as well as being on a major bus route.Smart, clean hotels with rooms that are just on the right side of comtemporary (these have flat screen tellies!) and a great breakfast.It's also in a nice area withing walking distance of some major tourist attractions - Tower of London, the bridge, new City Hall, City of London (Lloyds, Gherkin etc a stroll over the bridge), Design Museum and places like St Pauls and Tate Modern just a long river stroll away. Just a couple of VERY MINOR things: the shower was adequate but a touch weedy! And they didn't leave any biscuits in my room ;-((this is a nice Premier touch - maybe they had run out)	
Jun 3 2008 	Good Quality AND Great Value	Although the hotel is a good 10 minute walk to the nearest tube station (London Bridge) there are lots of taxis and buses passing by. A £12.60 Zone1 Family tube/bus ticket for each day we were there provided good value transport. We planned the sites we wanted to visit in advance which made the journeys easy.On our arrival, we were greeted by friendly, helpful staff. The check in procedure was quick and hassle free. We were given keys to our room and instructed on how to find it. Fortunately for us, the room was at the back of the hotel which I should imagine is a bit quieter than those rooms at the front. The room was spotlessly clean and well prepared for us. One of the kids had a traditional style of bed and the other had a made-up bed on the floor which did leave the room a little cramped but nothing we couldn’t deal with and there were no complaints about the comfort of the bed.The bar/restaurant area was very handy too. There was a pool table that the kids could use without having to wait for too long and access to the bar (reasonably priced drinks too) was via a key swipe system which prevented any unwanted guests thereby making the whole place quite child friendly.The breakfasts really do set you up for the day. Hot or cold, lots of choice and plenty of it. Again, the staff in here were very friendly and helpful.We’d have no problem in recommending this place, especially for families visiting London with children.Well done Premier Inn, you’ve followed up an expensive advertising campaign with an excellent value for money product.	
May 5 2008	Great hotel for value	Booked this hotel through LondonTown.com. I have to agree with others that the distance to the nearest tube is quite a distance. But that would be the only thing speaking against a stay there. The hotel staff was very friendly, especially the breakfast team (never had a more friendly morning team, even made a comment about them being so cheerful to management). The room was clean and decent in size. I somehow received a room for disabled guests. At first I didn't notice this, but when I wanted to shave it hit me how low the mirror was, I had to sit on a chair to see myself. I then noticed other things: the alarm cords next to the bath and bed, the sliding bathroom door and big handles everywhere. Didn't bother me at all. View to the parking lot, so quiet, even though my room was next to the elevators. You can store luggage inside the hotel for free. Access to Tower Bridge is of course perfect, just a little walk. Good value for money, very friendly staff.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights with my Fiancee. After a 10 min walk from the tube we were greated by a friendly, smiling reception before being given our keys. Room was airy, plenty big and spotlessly clean. I even tried the white glove test on top of the wardrobe before i would use the additional 2 pillows and not a spec of dust in sight! Each of the staff members we encountered were polite and courteous and could not help enough. the buffet breakfast was excellent quality with ample choice to suit all. We also ate in the restaurant both nights and could not complain. All in all a very good stay, and would not hesitate to go back.	
Apr 9 2008 	Weekend in London	What can I say, you can not really go wrong with a Premier Inn, the room was very clean, the shower was hot, the food was good. Location is not bad as it is near London Bridge and London Bridge tube stop is about 12min walk.	
Feb 24 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	My fiance and I have just got back from a 2 night stay and we were very impressed. The room was large, clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The all you can eat breakfast for £7.50 was superb, really sets you up for the day with no need to eat again until dinner. The staff were friendly and polite and managed to keep a smile on their faces the whole time. The restaurant food looked good, although we didn't eat there, and the bar was reasonably priced - not too expensive like other chains we've stayed in. Location wise, the hotel was a brisk 10 minute walk from London Bridge tube station and easy to locate. We walked to the Imperial War Museum, which took us no longer than 30 minutes.All in all, an excellent budget option which we'll definitely use again in the future.	
Feb 8 2008 	Excellant	Great hotel. Good value for money. We stayed with our 2 kids in a very clean, nice family room. Good food, excellant breakfast buffet, kids ate free. Very friendly staff. Quiet room. Can't fault it. About 10 minutes walk from tube and Tower of London. Would happily stay again and recommend it.	
Oct 16 2007 	Good value	Though not a natural supporter of 'chain' hotels, this Premier Inn was clean, in good repair, comfortable and good value for the location. Noise IS more of an issue if the room faces onto Tower Bridge Road, it is worth asking for a room on the other side of the hotel which I'd imagine to be quieter. Not sure what the beef is about 'not close to the Tube' as mentioned in other posts, the bus stops practically outside and is a nice way to see the sights. The Tube is not always the best option...It should be mentioned that the £7.50 breakfast is an 'all you can eat', so a good way to set yourself up for the day - they will even make fresh porridge (you need to ask, same for poached eggs), plus you can discretely take croissants/muffins etc away with you for a snack later. Some of the waitress staff appear either sullen or confused to find themselves there, but others were most helpful and conscientious.'Tower Tandoori', 5 minutes down the road by foot is a recommended eatery.	
Sep 21 2007 	Good Hotel but far from the tube	The hotel is clean, the staff friendly, the breakfast excellent. The hotel certainly feels secure as all non public areas are only accessibl by key card - including the toilets, so request a spare key if you have kids, or you will be forever escorting them...Evening meals are just about satisfactory, the pizza takeaway was good. Handy having a costcutter over the road for snacks and booze.Only let down is the location - the nearest tube station is either Borough - a not very pleasant walk or Tower Hill, a nice but much longer walk. It is on a bus route though, so not the end of the world.Overall - very good, but will try to get rooms at the county hall next time.	
Sep 3 2007 	Late Review After Three Visits	We have stayed at this hotel on our own, and twice with an &quot;assortment&quot; of grandchildren &amp; other family members. .It is a great little hotel - friendly staff, clean and well above average food, both quality and price-wise. The buffett breakfast is one of the best we have had (even beats Holiday Inn, Hilton and a few other of the &quot;big guys&quot;) It is situated South of the bridge on the main Tower Bridge Road (about 10 minute walk from South side of the bridge). The nearest underground station is London Bridge Station, which incidentally is next door to the London Dungeon - great experience unless you are claustrophobic!. This is about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. You can go to Tower Hill Station across the Bridge, but it is a lot more crowded. Bus service is just outside the door if you are not happy about walking. Nothing was too much trouble for the hotel staff and believe me they get a lot of beligerance from some of the tourists - I won't mention any nationalities here! Check-out is 12 noon, but they have a secure luggage store room where you can leave your bags while you finish your day's shopping/sightseeing (receipt is given) and there is no charge. We have stayed in some fairly &quot;up-market&quot; hotels in our travels, but pound for pound ($ for $, Euro for Euro) you cannot really fault most of the Premier Travel Inns and this one is one of the best. Book on line well in advance and you can usually get some good deals. You don't pay until you check-in. We and our family members from the USA like it and I hope you will. By the way - I have no connection with this or any other hotel group - it's straight from the heart!	
Aug 25 2007	Good for an overnight stay	The room was spotlessly clean and fairly spacious. The bathroom wasn't enormous but had a good shower and was perfect for what we needed. As we were an all female party, we felt very safe in the hotel, as we were on the 1st floor, and all lifts and stairs can only be accessed by key-card. Despite it's location, the hotel is very quiet at night. Reception staff were very efficient and helpful.Breakfast was good, there was a wide choice and staff were very friendly.	
Aug 23 2007 	Thumbs up from us!	We had a family room, which was clean, tidy and unlike some of our past experiences, had a decent size bathroom. Check in went very smoothly, the lifts worked perfectly, and so did the room's air-con. All of the staff were pleaseant and helpful.  We booked on a room only basis, but the breakfast deal of £7.50 per adult with children eating free is great, especially as you can eat as much as you like. We decided to eat out, as there's a JD Wetherspoon pub, The Pommelers Rest, between the hotel and Tower Bridge (about 2 minutes walk). The breakfast here was £2.50 for traditional and £3.50 for farmhouse (excellent value!).  Can't fault this hotel, with the only negative being a 10 minute walk from the nearest tube station (Tower Bridge), but aside from that, we'd go back there!	
Aug 9 2007 	What more could you ask for?	I have stayed here twice within the last few weeks and I would have to say its quite a bargain as far as London hotels go. I didnt want to spend more than £100 as I was only staying for one night. On both occassions I paid £80 for my room via the website. The first time I stayed in a double room, had all the standard stuff: air con, tv, hair dryer, phone, room service etc. The bathroom wasnt huge but was clean and the shower was powerful and hot at all times. The bed was really comfy and even though I arrived at 12pm they let me check in, when normally you cant check in before 2pm.On my most recent stay I stayed in a twin room which comprises of one single bed and one double bed. Unfortunately they only had smoking rooms left so I took it anyway. The hall seriously stinks of smoke and my bedroom smelt like smoke covered with some sort of cheap perfume, after 5 minutes I was used to it and just opened the window. I couldnt check in early this time however they stored my luggage for me and off I went.London Bridge area is a fantastic place to stay. 5 minutes away is Tower Bridge, a further 5-10 minutes is the Tower of London. There is a weatherspoons (cheap pub) right near the Tower Bridge and you can get a massive breakfast for £3.50 so dont bother with the hotel breakfast, they also do great deals on drinks and evening meals so if you arent that fussed then head there for a quick bite, they dont close till 1am and stop serving food at 11pm. If you want to go for a drink then head to the Thameside which is just under London Bridge, on the river. It has a big beer garden that overlooks the Thames and it does great pub meals. Further along the river is The Anchor, a simialr pub, great to visit on a summers day. In fact there are so many pubs in the immediate area and I have never had a bad experience in any of them, you are spoilt for choice. Before you think I am an alcoholic, I actually lived there for 4 years so this is how I know!Overall this hotel is perfect for a short stay, its basic but modern, really clean, the staff are so helpful and friendly, there is a bar/restaurant on site if you dont want to leave the hotel, it has internet access in the foyer downstairs and I would say around 50 car parking spaces which for some reason were free even though I think it says somewhere you had to pay! Dont get sucked into paying loads of money just for the sake of a hotel room, I fail to see how this hotel could not appeal to every traveller.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Family Hotel in a nice location	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn during 4th of July week. The room was tight, but for London, it was pretty spacious. We stayed with our two boys, 8 and 13, in a family room and we all had a decent bed. The location feels like it is at the end of the tourist zone, so it is quiet with not so many crowds especially given that it was the 4th and Wimbledon was going. You are near the London Tower, the London Dungeon and Butler's Warf with good dining choices. The hotel was very clean and the staff was excellent! They had some great pointers as to what to do and they were very friendly. I needed to cancel the inclusive breakfast for the last day and they did it without any hassle. Great hotel and we will probably stay there next time we are in London	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellent Accomodation	Stayed two nights at the Premier Travel Inn Tower Bridge, the accomodation was of a very high standard. The service was excellent, the room was modern and very clean. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food, however the bar area was good. The hotel had everything your would expect from a Travel Inn, but for £80 a night it was fantastic for a central London hotel. One small downside it was a little noisy but what do you expect in the centre of London.The hotel is a 15 Minute walk from the tube, there are stacks of eating places within a 5 minute walk of the hotel and tower bridge itself is a 5 minute walk away.I would like to also add that despite events in the news the weekend we went, we still found London to be a happy, lively and vibrant place. We would love to go again as there was so much that we didn't get to see.London eye - Fantastic. Science and Natural Histrory museums - Awesome - Vinoplois Wine Tour - very very good.	
Jun 26 2007 	Good Value and Clean!	Having had twice yearly experiences of other London Hotels in this price range was very apprehensive, but what a pleasant surprise!It was clean (and cleaned daily), the staff were pleasant and it was close to all sorts of tourist and business activities.Would certainly stay here again. Noise? well it is London - buy some earplugs!	
Feb 23 2007	Great location great value great stay	I stayed with my wife and two children (6&amp;9) during a short sight-seeing trip. We would certainly stay here again - perfect for young families.Friendly and efficient reception. We had a family room - with a large double bed, a single and pull-out bed; all four beds very comfortable. It's difficult to find a family room that will comfortably accommodate a family of four so this was a big plus (and for less than £80!). Modern bathroom with bath and shower.Hotel very clean and bright and felt secure (there's swipe-card access to bar/restaurant and lift). The evening meal menu is good value with a wide selection of dishes; the service was ok The breakfast was excellent - lots of choice and tasty too! We paid for 2 full breakfasts (£7.50 x 2) and the kids get to eat as much as they like for free. We still felt full at 2pm!!!We noticed some traffic noise but nothing to spoil our sleep and being only about 200m from Tower bridge more than compensated.	
Feb 10 2007	loved the travel inn	took my self &amp; 3 kids here for 4 days in july during the heatwave.on arriving the first impression was excellent.lovely receptionist who explained ev. thing clearly eg; time of brekkie etc.room spotless and big enough for us' 1 double 1single and a pullout bed. plenty hot water lovely clean bathroom and air conditioning.extremely secure felt very safe and so did the kids which was the priority. location was excellent very near tower bridge. brekkie self service as much as u could eat of all sorts .we ate there ev. night and it was lovely great choice and value for money, even gave us free drinks when 1 night the meal was a little slow coming. waiting staff all lovely friendly and made friends with kids as they saw so much of us. we needed extra pillows and they were promptly delivered to our room. all in all great safe place 2 stay will be back definately..	
Jan 18 2007 	A Lucky Find!	Our family of 2 adults, 2 children stayed here just prior to Christmas. We needed a clean, affordable, accessible place to stay &amp; found that and more here. We got a great room (2 actually) &amp; encountered helpful staff at every turn, with just one minor exception. The room was nicer than we expected for the price, quite pleasant to stay in. We did have a problem with our booking as we requested (and had confirmed) a reservation for a wheelchair-accessible room with 2 double beds. Apparently such a room doesn't exist but we were promptly given two rooms to compensate. I also had an unpleasant experience with a toilet grab bar which pulled out of the wall on my first transfer! However, we asked that it be repaired &amp; by the time we returned that afternoon, all was well--great service (though we wished it had been correctly installed in the first place). We enjoyed several delightful meals in the hotel's restaurant, Sl/ce, and all wait staff were extremely accomodating &amp; friendly. We'll always fondly remember Erica, who really took care of us and almost felt like family by the time we left. Overall, a GREAT family hotel. They are currently undergoing renovations, which they make very clear upfront. We had no related problems but feel we benefited by having clean, stylish and comfortable rooms. Be aware that parking is extra, breakfast not included, AND you will need to pay a congestion charge. But with the extra fees, we still feel we lucked out in booking this hotel.Pros: Clean &amp; comfortable rooms, cordial staff, great foodCons: Quite a walk to anything interesting, a single unpleasant conversation with a single staff member (arising out of confusion over our complimentary room, it seems, but she was very curt about it all, to our surprise)	
Sep 30 2006 	Efficient hotel service not so good	I staid in this hotel from 25 September 2006 till 27 September 2006 on business. The hotel is cheap and that is what you get. Do not hope very modern rooms etc. Service was not so good. Waiting for 10 minutes at desk before helping us without apologising. Breakfast is not splendid as well.Greetings.	
Sep 5 2006 	The best so far!	Having stayed in a few Travel Inns we had little concern about booking another one. Unable to get the more central County Hall we opted for this one. The family room was an excellent size with all the normal facilities. The location was great with Tower Bridge and Tower of London at the top of the street. A 24 hour shop was right across the road and was very handy indeed.Just before the bridge a JD Wetherspoons did full breakfasts for £1.99 and 60p for a coffee, compared to the hotels £7 odds option. We used both London Bridge and Tower bridge stations and both were around 5 minutes walk. We were at the area of the hotel overlooking nearby tennis courts so cant really say the road noise was a problem for us. It was a busy road though but plenty of crossing points were evident. I would not hesitate to stay here again or recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 27 2006 	Traffic noise	We stayed at this hotel earlier this summer. Lovely, clean room and very cheerful staff. Only downside was our room which was on the ground floor on the roadside. We barely slept! We will be sure to ask for a room on the back of the hotel if we return there and suggest anyone intending to stay there does likewise.	
Aug 4 2006	Loved it		
Jun 19 2006	nice hotel		
Jun 16 2006	cheap clean and value for money		
May 1 2006 	Excellent		
Mar 4 2006	Perfect		
Jun 9 2005	Good place to stay at a reasonable price		
Jun 4 2005	Good value in London		
May 22 2005	Good but a little far out of the city		
Apr 29 2005	Tower of London Recommendation		
Apr 11 2004	Simple but pleasurable		
Oct 6 2009 	super rapport qualité/prix pour Londres		
Jul 29 2008 	Agréable		
Mar 23 2008 	war schön		
