Dec 15 2008	Grubby	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights. Although the location was good and the staff were OK, we found our room (in the basement) to be well below par. The room was grubby, to put it politely. The toilet and bathroom were run down, the carpet was worn and tattered, and the bed was quite old - it certainly felt lumpy.Whatever you do, don't stay in a basement room at this hotel!	
Sep 5 2007	Good for the price !	I went to Kensington Manor Hotel four times : I have read all these reviews saying it is a terrible place and I have to disagree : You have to consider the price which is very cheap for London (a single room with shower is only 45 pounds), and the excellent location near the underground, shops and restaurants. Of course they could do with some refurbishing and the carpets are worn but I have never had any remarks about the cleanliness of bedlinen and towels. The shower and toilets in the room are always clean.	
Jul 24 2007	Stay here many times	It's true that this old fashioned hotel hasnt been renovated in a zillion years. However, the size of some of the bigger rooms and it being 2 blocks away from the tube stop more than makes up for it to me. I especially love using the big grocery store right above the tube and carrying my carry-on to the Underground directly to Heathrow on my last day in London (Gloucester Road stop)	
May 21 2007 	Worst Hotel we ever stayed in	We had stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and have to say that it was a nightmare, right from the time that we had a airport pick up arranged by the hotel, for a price of £20 and we were later asked to pay £30 for the same, The room was extremely small &amp; smelly, the bathtub even worst, the breakfast we received, was in broken plates, and even the coffee was in boken cups. The staff din't try and help us when we tried to explain the problems, all in all a nightmare experience. Would NEVER suggest anyone to stay here EVER.	
May 17 2007 	Its OK	This hotel was good. The only downfall was that we couldnt stand up in the bath and there was no lift to any floors. But that didnt bother us. The staff were friendly. Rooms cleaned every day. The location was great too.	
Jul 5 2006	Dirty	I have to agree - three adults stayed in the &quot;suite&quot; on the first floor and it was very worn and dirty. The staff seemed nice enough but the whole place very run down. We were out and about except for sleeping but it was just unpleasant being there at all because it was so dirty. We witnessed housekeeping &quot;vacuuming&quot; but the cleaner must have been so old it didn't do much good. Curtains filthy. However, as others have stated, the location is fantastic and we have since explored other hotels in the very same neighborhood. It was 2 years ago, maybe they have cleaned the place up since we were there.	
Dec 4 2005	Don't Stay Here!!!!!	I would never, never, never stay here again. The photo is lovely, but the rooms were grubby. The carpets filthy, the heat could not be controlled. The tea kettle was dirty, the bathtub and shower were full of mildew. I was afraid to use the towels, although they did smell clean. The breakfast room was awful. I recommend going to Harrington Hall, only a few steps in the other direction from the tube. If you go to the cheap hotel web sites, and book in advance you can get a much nicer hotel for a little less money. I would not send my worst enemy to this hotel. (I do have to say the staff was sympathetic, but no one did anything about the dirt and they did not give me another room. It would probably have been just as bad.) Also beware- this hotel has several basement rooms!	
Aug 25 2004	Old and Grubby	While the location is fabulous, this hotel was terrible; it did not appear to have been updated in many years. Rooms were so over crowded with battered, worn-out furniture that vacuuming would have been impossible. We moved from a dusty third floor room with grubby carpeting to a ground floor room that was only slightly better because we could at least open one of the two windows that were dressed with water-stained draperies. While the staff was friendly, and helpful, everything else was sub-standard. The caucking packed faucets on the sink and tub appeared yellowed and dirty. Nothing felt fresh and clean. There might be hope for this hotel if the owners gut it and start over.	
May 2 2004	Caveat emptor...	We have just got back from the Manor where we stayed for four days at the end of April 2004, and I have to say I agree with much of what has already been said. We chose the place as it offered a triple room in three stars for only £70 a night. Even having read the reviews here I still felt confident enough in the ratings system to give it a go. Sadly I was wrong. I wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviewer in suggesting that the 3 star rating is misleading. If it had been two stars then I certainly would have avoided it. The place IS well situated, and our room ('Hastings') did have a reasonable amount of space and a mini fridge. However, the overall decor is shabby, paint is flaking off, there are holes in the plaster, the wallpaper is stained, a thick layer of grime covers anything not directly in the line of sight, and we had bare electrical wires hanging from the roof. The bathroom again was simply dirty; broken tiles were mended with copious trowel slaps of silicon filler, the sinks and plugs were covered with mildew, and the icing on the cake is a handwritten note saying the toilet can't take paper - you either put it in the main room bin or use the main toilet down on the landing. Breakfast is croissants/bread and coffee (no tea when we were there) and the bread was stale each day.We did have a good time in London and made the place our home of sorts for the four days we were there. So I don't mean to rubbish it outright, but anyone thinking like us that this place is a hidden bargain, please think again, it is two stars at the MOST, more likely less than that. Beware...	
Apr 14 2004	Very misleading Rating System	My wife and I and our two children aged 13 &amp; 10 decided to stay here as it had a 4 person room and was near the Natural History and Science Museums etc. The Balmoral Suite rooms on the Ground Floor of the Hotel are very basic. The bathroom leaves a lot to be desired. It is old and dirty - i.e. the place needs a good scrub and the tiles need re-grouting to clean the place up. The television was advertised as being Satellite TV but in fact only received four terrestial channles. It was a small portable TV with one button broken and no remote control. The biggest problem was an incessant buzzing/humming sound at night which was either air-conditioning or a boiler furnace. No one was on reception at night to request that it be turned off. The breakfast was unappetising and very basic - just tea/coffee and croissants/toast. The staff were unhelpful when these complaints were put to them. It was also an indictment of the hotel that they took payment from my credit card at the start of the visit rather than leaving it until the end as is normal - they already had swiped my card so there was little danger of us leaving unpaid. I would not recommend this hotel and I consider the rating system for hotels should be reviewed as this was certainly not 3 star quality.	
Jan 20 2004	stayed here two times now and will be back soon	Good hotel in nice area.Very handy for tube station which is only a short walk away and also plenty of eating places and the stanhope arms pub are over the road from tube station.	
Nov 26 2003	Felt lied to.	First the good parts - It has a good location, with easy access to public transportation. The available staff was very nice and tried to be helpful whenever possible.However, I would not stay here again, mainly because I felt that I was the victim of false advertising. While preparing for this trip, I narrowed the hotel choices down to a handful of very similar hotels. The deciding factor was that this hotel had satellite TV, which I enjoy watching in the evenings after running around all day. Only the hotel doesn't really have satellite TV, or anything other than the basic few channels. When we asked about it, they just smiled and shrugged.Additionally, I asked for a double room with two beds. What we got was one bed and a very old, creaky cot.I didn't expect luxury for the price we were paying, but at least I expected to get what I signed up for.On top of that, the bathroom tile was pretty moldy and dirty, and the breakfast was minimal at best - not worth tramping down the three flights of stairs for. We definitely will not be going back.	
Nov 21 2003	Mildew Manor	My wife and I used Mildew Manor as home base for our honeymoon trip to London. It was conveniently located, and not the worst accommodation we found in England by far (do NOT stay at the Holmlea Guest House in York), but we were definitely disappointed.The building itself had slid a bit past &quot;shabby chic&quot; to settle firmly in the region of just plain shabby. Water from the vintage sink had splashed onto the cheesy formica counter so often, and been allowed to sit there so long, that the countertop was warped and split, and the exposed particle board beneath it had begun to erode, leaving a small pile of sawdust near the toilet. Water damage must once have been a priority, however, for a faded sign bolted to the wall exhorted guests not to let water from the shower sit on the floor tiles. This helpful hint seemed a bit anachronistic, as the tiles had long ago been covered over by a musty and matted deep brown carpet. The towels, of several fashionably coordinated shades of no-longer-white, hung from a metal bar spotted with green mildew, and notably absent from the bath linens was a wash-cloth, something the many guide books we had read while preparing for our journey had somehow failed to advise us to pack. On the walls of the shower, black mold had succeeded in conquering the grout between the tiles and was beginning to expand its empire onto the water-spotted porcelain itself. The bed, which had been advertised as queen sized, was some weird European size comparable, at best, to a double. The breakfasts, self-serve, were meager by any standard. The location is great, near a tube station, a tourist office, and a stop for the double decker tour buses. The rest was hugely disappointing for a final price, including all taxes, of better than 100 pounds a night.	
Sep 22 2003 	Friendly Helpful Folks in Convenient Location	I stayed in March of 2003 and was commuting in and out of London during my visit. The desk was made aware of my late arrivals, made later by inclement weather, and always made sure someone was there to let me in. They were very kind about storing my luggage, and always were ready to pitch in and help answer some of my more bizarre information requests about travelling. While I was staying there, a fellow tourist travelling with her daughter had her wallet pickpocketed and lost her credit cards, passport, and airline tickets. The hotel went above and beyond making sure that things were put right with the least amount of upset. The bathrooms may need repair, and the plumbing may be odd, but the location and price are unbeatable. The hotel has the kindest staff imaginable - in one of the world's largest cities.	
Aug 23 2003	Pigeon Droppings!	There were pigeon droppings all over the window in the small bedroom of our two room suite. It was disgusting to touch the handle on the window because of the pigeon droppings on the handle, the wall, the drapes, and the window sill. The smell was even worse. We were there in August, 2003, during the heat wave. We had to sleep in a hot room where we could not open the windows because of all the pigeon droppings and the smell. Our stay was for 4 nights. They cleaned the window sill after our third night. They never cleaned the wall, the handle, the drapes, or the window itself. We wanted to see the manager about the problem. He was not reachable the first couple of days. He agreed to meet with us before we checked out. He never showed up. How rotten!! The breakfast was fine if you like semi-thoughed out croissants. As noted in the previous review, the bathroom wall was very dirty and the wood work does have severe water damage.	
Jul 17 2003	Great Hospitality	I'e stayed at the Kensington Manor several times over the years and have always enjoyed my time there. The hospitality was always great, the location is convenient to the tube, local shopping, and reasonable resturants.	
May 18 2003	Great value and location	We stayed at the Kensington Manor in January 2003. We booked the family &quot;suite&quot; at 100 BPS per night, which in London is a fabulous price. I must say it was a great value as we had two bedrooms and a bath, on the ground floor just off reception. The master bedroom had a queen size bed and sitting area, large wardrobe and desk with tv. The smaller bedroom had two single beds and one end table and desk, no wardrobe. The only downside was the bathroom, in need of renovation and cleaning. Large tub with shower head, decent toilet and sink, however the baseboards were suffering from water damage and the tile in the tub/shower area was in bad need of thorough cleaning. Reception does close at midnight as mentioned in previous review, and there are no amenities at all on site, however, it is one block from a shopping area with a grocery, a great pub, and several American fast food shops such as Pizza Hut, KFC, Burger King and Starbucks. Two blocks to the metro and nice walks to V&amp;A Museum, Harrods, etc.	
Nov 14 2002	Truly Awful	This place was horrible. I booked it via expedia for £60 for a single room - it was rated as two star. It is advertised as a 24 hour reception (but it shuts at 12pm). My room was about as big as the bed in it, the sheets were clean which is more than I could say for the floor. The bathroom wastepipe ran down the side of my room and kept me awake all night. Need I go on?	
Jul 22 2009 	Mediocre		
