Nov 20 2009 	STAFF NOT AS GOOD AS BEFORE	I have stayed in the Days Inn hyde Park before it was like a year and half ago and i was a very frequent visitor then. i use to go there every month but this year i had to go to some other country where there hotel was as bad as there staff. i could not wait to go to Days Inn Hyde Park again. The hotel is good but the staff was the best they use to make me and my friends so welcomed and they were so helpful. They make us want to go there every single time. But we got really dissapointed when we went this time as the staff was very cold and could barely remember my name more than five mins, i had to call them like 100 times before they come to check the tv and get me hot water. And some of them couldn't even understand English properly. I don't think that we will be going there anymore. Very sad	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights and would go back again. The hotel is approx 5 mins walk from Paddington Railway station. The reception staff were very friendly and helpfull. They were very knowledge about the area. Our room was on the 1st floor and at the front of the building. Traffic noise was not really noticeable. Room was small but well furnished and adequate for us. Bathroom consisted of a large shower cubicle with power shower, toilet and washbasin. Towels were changed daily if required. We did find that the later in the morning you showered the less hot water there was but the shower was not cold. Breakfast consisted of cereal, fruit, yoghurt, toast, pastries, boiled eggs, fresh fruit, hot and cold beverages. The breakfast room staff were very pleasant and happy to help. The hotel is excellent and would recommend it. Will definately stay again.	
Nov 13 2009 	I'd very happily stay again and recommend this hotel to others.	I really enjoyed my four-night stay at the Days Inn London Hyde Park. From the street, it would be difficult to distinguish the property from countless other, rather uninspiring-looking cheap hotels clustered around Paddington railway station. But really, from the moment, I entered the hotel last Sunday evening, it was clear that the Days Inn is in a different league and I was impressed throughout my stay by the friendliness and professionalism of the staff; the cleanliness and facilities in the room and the standard of the breakfast - the price of which was included in the room rate. Yes, the bedroom was small - but actually I rather liked that; and it had every facility you could want including a smart en suite shower, a television and tea and coffee-making facilities. There was nowhere to hide away my suitcase but again, I didn't find that a problem. For what is a budget hotel, I thought the breakfast was very good. There was a buffet offering cereals, toast, cakes, fruit, yoghurt; a choice of drinks and juices. I was also impressed by the staff overseeing the dining room, making sure that dirty dishes were quickly cleared away and that supplies of food and drink were continually replenished. The hotel is in a great location for visitors to London - just two minutes walk from Paddington (with its express link to Heathrow) and for the Tube. There's also a multitude of good value pubs, shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. And there's a real neighbourhood feel about the area. If I have one criticism (and it's really more of an observation); I think the hotel might think again about charging £3 an hour to access the Internet (situated in the bar area.) . I imagine most guests don't want to be on the Internet for so long, so it would be better if the hotel charged say 50p for ten minutes. If not, guests will probably do what I did which is to nip round the corner where there are at least two Internet cafes offering a cheaper price. It's not a big deal but for a hotel which seemed to get everything else absolutely right, it came across as a bit of unnecessary, petty penny-pinching. Overall though, I look forward to returning soon and would happily recommend this hotel to others which, in the end, is the ultimate compliment you can pay any hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	ottimo per un breve soggiorno		
