	Quite Acceptable Choice	Have been staying at The Millennium Mayfair in the past but after several very disappointing visits decided to make a change within the same area. The Ascott was recommended by friends and although I only stayed for two days I felt the level of accommodation, service and price were, all by London standards, quite fair. Location is good near Berkely Square and a brisk walk to Picadilly.The rooms are showing wear and tear in a &quot;mayfair way.&quot; Certainly not an elegant property but functional. TV sets are of another generation. Unfortunately the biggest problem was the erratic &quot;free&quot; internet service which failed on more than on occassion. Complimentary breakfast is good. Staff was polite and helpful. At 190 pounds for a one bedroom with kitchen it seemed fair value and my Millennium days are over.	
Jun 30 2009 	Convenient classy gem with great staff	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for four nights while touring London. We ate breakfast there each morning,The hotel is in a great part of town (Mayfair) which has some fine shopping , food, sight-seeing, and parks (even gambling if you are into that). It is also reasonably convenient to the Tube (either by foot or cab). It is not a large hotel by any means (part of its charm) but provides a comfortable experience with very good service.The lobby is small but opens into an enclosed courtyard (with garden) and attached breakfast room. The room, the one we had was a suite, was very comfortable with a small kitchenette and even a clothes washer/dryer. There was free internet. The small TV was attached to a DVD player which was handy to watch during downtimes. The HVAC system worked well. If possible, you may want to take a room on the top (seventh) floor. The view, breeze, and noise levels were better there (other family members were on lower floors).All in all we left feeling well taken care of and refreshed by our visit there.	
Jun 5 2009 	good appartment	great location,reasonable price,although the appartment was under going some renovation during our stay,,not a great breakfast menu though	
Feb 12 2009 	Service with a smile	I had to go to London for work recently and was booked into the Ascott Mayfair by our travel department. Must admit to being apprehensive as I generally stay in bigger hotels, but what a surprise. The room was a good size and it came with a washing machine and an oven hob. The bed was a good size also. The breakfast included in the price was pastries, yoghurt, fruit and meats.The staff there are really friendly and after a day knew me by name. It was my first time to London, but the front desk were helpful in pointing out how to get around the City.I would really recommend this place to people who are looking for good value and good service	
Jan 22 2009 	Loved the place	It was an amazing stay. The rooms are lovely with a kitchen. Got complimentary breakfast and maid service. Internet connection is also free thats an added value, although can be a bit slow sometimes but there is wireless as well. I needed to arrange a party for my birthday and staff were very helpful and they arranged everything for me..! It was a wonderful birthday and they even gave me a bottle of champagne..! Nothing better in the heart of mayfair. Definetly going back there soon.	
Jan 21 2009 	Love the Ascott	It was much better then I tought. It's very nice hotel.I had been there during Christmas time. Room were spacious but not very clean and it need some maintenece work to be done but apart from that everything was good. Staff was very friendly and management very halpfull. Weekend after Christmas( when nothing works in England) I asked for Mangaer to have a word with. Not only was she there for me in a minute but she also solve my problem very quickly and with a big smile.I would recomande this place because its good value for the money.	
Oct 17 2008	Not worth the price for me	For the price I paid, I don't think I got the quality I was expecting. I paid £165 per night for a studio and stayed for 4 nights.The hotel is supposed to advertise free high-speed internet connection (wired) and also a wi-fi (wireless) connection. However, there was no wireless signal in my room on the 4th floor. The the wired internet in my room did not work. I made a complain but the wanted me to be in the room to fix it. I was here for work, I did not have time to sit around in the room during normal business hours. I ended up coming down to the lobby to use their really slow wireless connection.- For one morning, Wednesday, the shower failed to produce hot water. - The hotel controls heat/AC centrally, and has no ability to adjust the temprature if the temparature outside changes. For e.g if today it is 9°C, they will call a technician to change the thermostat centrally to start the heater. Say, in two days the teparature rises to 18°C, the heater keeps running, and you end up sweating in your room. Then they recommend you open the windows, which I did, and had to cope with the street noise from passing traffic.The place is about 10 min walk from nearest Tube station Green Park or Bond street. I prefer to walk to Bond street in my case.The area is expensive, so I will not complain about smaller room size. Staff is polite but not much use and were unable to fix my problems mentioned above.The shower gel ran out but they did not bother to replace it. I called it to their attention. Good hotels make sure they replenish that. I did not like the towel quality either. The shower runs nice and hot, but difficult to operate.Room was clean.Had this place cost me £78, I would say it was good hotel. But for the price, you need to get quality which was missing.My previous stay at £199 per night at Langham was very pleasant. That place is more professional and well managed. But they do charge £20 extra for the internet. So thats extra £50 per day, I saved here, which I guess makes it all worth it.I would try Club Quarters at St. Paul next time. Its only £120. For that price, I can live with slightly poor quality, if at all.	
Oct 8 2008	cheated by their cheap!	We were fooled into staying at this premise by the reputation of the Ascott group, located in Mayfair and managed under the name of Ascott Group I would expect the real cozy but luxury accommodation but it tunred out that the picture in the website is far more alluring than the truth. The room is old, breakfast is lousy and the towels they provide in the room is the worst quality must be made from pure syntatic cause it won't abosrb any water from you (if I pay to stay in 2 stars hotel that will be understandable), but the worst part yet to come is - we stay in the double room but they provide only 1 bathrobe and 1 slipper when requested for 1 more set I was told that it will be additional charge! And when requested for extra blanket becuase it was cold..was told again that it will be another addiotional charge. I felt I was cheated and Ascott Mayfair has no respect for their loyal customers. It will not be a repeat experience for me.	
May 9 2008 	Loved the ambience and friendliness	We stayed in a deluxe 1 bedroom apartment for a week from 25th April - 2nd May. After much research and trepidation, I decided to take the chance - simply by the name of the Ascott as they represent luxurious living.Our apartment was spacious with a decent size bedroom and living room. 2 TV's and a DVD player alongwith a library of movies to chose from. The kitchen was adequate with a 4 burner gas hob, kettle, washing machine etc. What was a nice touch was that they had stocked the kitchen with a starter pack - Coco Pops, Milk, Butter, Jam and biscuits! I thought that was very thoughtful as we arrived quite late and were starving - so we atleast had something to eat...The bathroom was small, but convenient. Shower was good and strong, toiletries were L'Occitaine... Maid service was excellent.The best part about the Ascott was the quiet little lobby. in fact, it was wonderful as they have an honesty bar, well stocked - where we had many meetings with our customers, who were pleasantly surprised at the lush surroundings.Tucked into a little street in the heart of Mayfair, it is a little paradise in very busy and expensive city - with a touch of home.Broadband and breakfast is free - what more can anyone ask for? I shall certainly stay there on my return... 5 stars to the Acott. The only minus point was the attitude of the receptionist George - who is capable of being downright rude and discourteous.Small price to pay for such a fantastic overall experience.	
Mar 11 2008 	good location value for money	what can i stay about the ascott,, everything you expect when you stay in a service apartment you get it. good location 5 min in a cab your in oxford street, piccadilly, 10 min soho tottenham court victoria and harrods... nice staffs ready to help when needed ,, building is quite old will with referblishment,, good continental breakfast and self service bar...	
Feb 29 2008 	Comfortable in London Mayfair	Lovely helpful staff, pleasant reception area with bowls of red apples and an honesty bar. Booked 1 bedroom apartment - for up to 4 people. 1bedroom and a bed settee in sitting room. Funtional kitchenette - well equipped. Dining area with beautiful orchid on table.Large comfortable bed,lovely towels and waffle robe. Continental buffet breakfast plus can boil eggs.Situated round the corner from the Dorchester Hotel. Only criticism is that the bathroom while adequate, is in my opinion, due for a refurbishment. Shower difficult to control.	
Dec 27 2007 	Best Kept Secret in London	This is by far the best kept secret in London. We stayed for a month at this amazing apartment-style hotel in Mayfair London and cried when we had to leave. The staff is lovely, the hotel is relaxing and the location can not be better.Our suite was well appointed with everything you would ever need ... we could live in this place!Give it a try, we found that the rates were very good, worth every penny!	
Nov 24 2007 	Has gone downhill fast!	A year ago, I had a great experience at the Ascott. This year was anything but. The front desk staff were incompetent, at best, and I thought dismissed my concerns in part because I was a woman travelling alone. After seeing three rooms either at street level and/or full of cigarette smoke, I finally agreed to stay one night in the third, with the understanding that I would be moved to another room the next day. I was assured that this new room would have a dining table and be non-smoking. Neither was true. Basically, they lied. The hotel was full, so switching to yet another room was not possible (I had had it by then anyhow). The rugs were badly spotted, the duvet was well past its toss-by date, the shower sometimes worked and sometimes didn't, the kitchen was ill-equipped and some of the dishes not clean, and I was aghast to discover they charged for teabags and biscuits provided in the room--these routinely are complimentary in even the cheapest British hotel! The staff in the breakfast room appeared to be equally incompetent, claiming that the coffee/hot water machine was broken and would not work &quot;for several days,&quot; but making no attempt to provide an alternative. Another member of the staff later fixed this &quot;broken&quot; machine in about 10 seconds. This has gone from a classy, clean, well-appointed and pleasant apartment hotel to a dump.	
Nov 1 2007 	Plenty of room great price	Spent 9 nights at the Ascott Mayfair with mother and sister. Great apartment with great view. Very quiet neighborhood and residence. Felt very safe even walking the streets at night. Apartment had large kitchen/dining area with refrigerator, cooktop, oven/microwave and combo washer and dryer. Plenty of dishes, silverware and glasses. Washer and dryer hard to figure out and took hours to dry clothes, but was a really nice convenience. Spacious living area with sofabed, desk and 2 chairs, TV with plenty of channels. If you are traveling with children, remember that nothing is censored on the TV! Entryway had very large closet. Bedroom contained a KING size bed, large closet, dresser, 2 nightstands, safe and TV. As mentioned by others, the bed is firm, but I was so tired at night it really didn't matter. Sofa bed was acceptable. Marble bathroom had large tub/shower, towel warmer and plenty of space to move around and for storage. Water pressure and temperature were variable, but after the first shower you kind of figured out when the water was going to change temperatures so you could get out of the way. Apartment cleaned daily. Initially maid was kind of stingy with the towels, but after a small tip, we had more towels than we needed. The room was very clean. The hotel itself was very comfortable, clean and pretty. Breakfast was included which was good enough to get you going in the morning. There was a selection of cereals, fruit, yogurt, assorted breads and muffins, juice, tea, coffee and you could make a soft poached egg. Very interesting place to sit and visit with people from other parts of the world. No problem getting a table. Honor bar and snacks available in the lobby at night. High speed wireless connectivity was not available in the room, but readily available in the lobby areas or business center after obtaining an access code. There is an ethernet connection in the room, but I had no luck with it. My only complaint about the residence itself is that the front desk staff wasn't very friendly or overly helpful and really was not able to answer questions about where things were located in the area. Not a big deal. We had also asked for a car to pick us up at Heathrow. The residence arranged it and we were charged 90 pounds! We arranged for a car ourselves to take us to the airport for our flight home and it was 30 pounds.There were not many restaurants in the immediate area, but 2 food stores were within a couple of blocks. Short walk to the tube and easy walks to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. Ascott is also very close to Hyde Park and if you want a beautiful but lengthy walk, you can cross Hyde Park to Kensington Palace. The neighborhood itself was very upscale and very quiet. Cabs were readily accessible just by walking out the front door. Once you figure out how to get to Picadilly which is about a 10 minute walk, you can find anything you need or getting anywhere you need to go.I would definitely stay at the Ascott Mayfair again. It was much better than expected and fairly priced.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Location	My husband, teenage son and I stayed in a 1 bedroom superior (corner room on the first floor). In general, we were happy with all aspects of this apartment and the service. The kitchen was well appointed (although small) and we made use of it nearly every evening (after two weeks on the road -- staying in at night was a welcome change). The TVs were a bit small and certainly not up to premium hotel standards but this is England after all and there in not much to watch anyway. I agree with others that the breakfast room is crowded but if you adjust your schedule so as not to arrive when everyone else does -- finding a table is relatively easy (i.e. don't eat at 9 am). The sofa bed was not up to the standards of many extended stay hotels -- our 16 year old son sunk to the support rails -- but we did not find the main bed to be hard or uncomfortable (as some others have noted).The bathtub/shower is very, very slick (had to put a towel down after I almost fell -- no mat provided) and about every two minutes a 10 second shot of cold water was 'provided.'The air conditioning in the living area worked quite well but the bedroom unit was putting out only slightly cooled air. We asked them to look at it but they said nothing could be done on the weekend and by the time Monday rolled around the weather had cooled a bit.You cannot beat the area -- our son was happy just walking around and looking at the very expensive cars parked on the street. The walk to the Green Park tube station was less than 10 minutes.Lastly, the front desk help was knowledgeable, friendly and willing to help. We accidently left our souvenirs from St. Andrews in a drawer under the TV in the lounge. I called less than 24 hours after we checked out and was told that the room had not yet been occupied but that there was nothing in the drawer. Three days and multiple phone calls later, the golf towel was found but the golf ball and ball markers were not with it. We were thankful for what they did find and just received our package in the mail.All in all, we would return to this property but would make sure the a/c worked in all rooms before we unpacked.	
Jun 18 2007	Reasonable	Pros: Location, kitchen facilities, room sizes, clean-ish, free internet, privacy, quiet.Cons: Very hard beds, a little worn, poor aircon, no hotel switchboardIf you insist on staying in Mayfair and you don’t mind foregoing full service luxuries: the hotel bar, doorman to hail a cab, in-room breakfast, messaging etc then the Ascott is a reasonable choice. Good value: some full service hotels in the area can offer similar prices (before the extras: such as internet, room service etc) but the Ascott rooms - even the smallest - are usually a tad larger. Having a kitchenette to make a cup of tea without calling room service, is a big plus. Bathrooms are small but work well, showers are fine with good pressure. The breakfast area is small and overcrowded, the breakfast itself is marginal (no cooked items i.e. scrambled eggs, soggy croissants etc). Meeting facilities minimal.A little out of the way and takes a while to get to know your way around the area. Best for non-business travel, longer stays without too many expectations.	
Dec 1 2006 	A+ at the Ascott!	My family of 5 stayed at the Ascott Mayfair Novemer 18-23. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bath flat and were thrilled with how well it was appointed and how clean it was! The staff was very friendly and helpful. All requests were handled immediately. Victor ran the breakfast room and was very friendly and helpful with suggestions on places to go and the easiest way to get there! We didn't get a fabulous rate (GBP325 + 17.5 VAT) but I don't regret paying that much for the quality of our room, location &amp; staff. The only thing I would have improved upon was the beds (a bit too hard) but it sure didn't keep me from sleeping well! We slept with the windows open and the area is so quiet nothing ever woke us up! Even in the mornings when people were going to work. There were no horns or loud trucks. It is a quiet residential &amp; office area. Our teenagers really enjoyed the room too. Also, I AM a picky person and like to stay in luxury hotels when I travel. Maybe there are some rooms that aren't as nice as ours?? (but 401 was great!)	
Sep 22 2006	Fantastic Home Away From Home!	Being a avid traveller I have been in many hotels around the world. I find that Ascott Mayfair to be a wondeful, well located apart Hotel.I found the staff to be friendly and welcoming and for what they offer great value for money.I stayed in a lovely two bedroom apartment which had two bathrooms.Continental breakfast and broadband usage is complimentary.I definately would suggest the Ascott to my familly and friends and say &quot;Well done&quot; to the team there.	
Sep 5 2006 	Poorly run and overpriced	I am very surprised at the other positive reviews for this hotel as our experience was negative. Whilst the location is good, the public areas well presented and the buffet breakfast quite good, at £180 for a studio room this hotel was very poor value in September. This is not a hotel for the discerning business traveller. On arrival the check in was very slow (25 minutes) and disorganised; none of the staff seemed to have any idea of what they were doing. The first room we were given (606) was a small studio with an undersize (4 foot) bed folding down from the wall, no space for the coffee table once the bed was folded down, only one armchair for 2 people and a distinct smell of vomit near the bathroom. The bed mechanism didn’t work, so there was a dirty, dusty 1 foot gap between the wall and the head of the bed, with an electric socket half falling out of the wall. The light fitting above the bed was also falling out. In size it was completely unacceptable for 2 people.We complained and after having to threaten to cancel our booking we were begrudgingly told that we were “lucky and would get an upgrade.” I can’t say we felt lucky – more insulted by this attitude. The second room was a good sized one bedroom apartment (room 107). However, there was a thick brown sludge in the kitchen sink (and toilet) that we had to ask to have cleaned. In addition, the main TV was not working as all the leads had been disconnected. Although the second room was acceptable, some of the furnishings were well worn (torn arms on the armchair) and the old cream carpet dirty at the edges. The advertised tea and coffee making facilities amounted to 1 teabag, several sugar sachets and 3 small coffee sachets. In fairness, the staff service improved once they realised our complaints were valid, but the initial attitude left a bad taste.I would not recommend this hotel unless you get a very cheap deal and aren’t fussy about where you stay.	
Jul 12 2006	Perfect Home Away from Home	We just returned from a wonderful 5 night stay at the Ascott Mayfair July 1-6, 2006. This is a lovely full-serviced apartment hotel. I travelled with my husband and two young children, ages 2 and 4. We had booked a standard 2 bdrm apt but they upgraded us to the superior which was bigger and had an added pull out sofa. The apartment was beautifully decorated. It felt very homey and spacious. The kitchen had everything we needed included a washer/dryer which came in handy. I thought the beds were fine, unlike a previous reviewer. Our two bathrooms were also very nice. Because we booked with our citibank card, each child received a welcome teddy bear and we received a box of chocolates and a bottle of wine upon arrival. Also, there was a HUGE fruit basket waiting for us in our room. After 5 days, we hardly made a dent in it.The location could not be beat. It's in an upscale, quiet neighborhood but just an 8 min walk to Green Park Tube which is a very central line. Also, just 2 blocks from Hyde Park, 20 min walk to Kensington. Since we had 2 strollers, we walked more than we took the tube. This hotel is very conveniently located.The service of this hotel was impeccable. I thought the staff was very attentive and helpful. The breakfast buffet had a nice selection: fruits, breads, yogurt, cereal, juice, coffee, meat and cheese. Loved the coffee/cappucino machine. I wanted one in my home until the server told me it cost 7K! The only problem was that the size of the breakfast room was just not big enough. There were only about 6 tables and only 1 waitstaff to help clear the tables and refill the buffet. Every morning we had to wait about 10 min just to sit down. But don't let this small detail keep you away from this lovely hotel. This was not a deal breaker for us. We would definitely return to the Ascott Mayfair!	
Mar 30 2006 	Worth a visit	A real find. Found an exceptional deal on Lastminute(-) for weekend break. The Ascott is really well situated on Hill St and is very well appointed. Struggled a bit with the putdown bed but reasonably comfortable. En suite kitchen excellent as is breakfast area. Recommended, especially at price we paid	
Mar 22 2006	Too bad really...but beds are important	Beautiful place, great location, good breakfasts, quiet area, fantastic bathrooms...have nothing bad to say except it has the HARDEST beds known to man. I actually hurt my elbow from leaning on it for too long, it's that hard. A slab of marble is softer.	
Jan 22 2006	Great Find	Stayed in London many times, but this has been the best accomodation we have used.It's a bit like having your own home in the middle of London. You come home to a quiet neighbourhood, and feel like you're walking into your own living room.Staff are efficient and friendly. The room was clean and kept that way.Great complimentary continental breakfast. Free wireless internet in each room.Our room, 206, needed new carpet, but apart from that was in good condition.We had a studio which included a fold down murphy bed.This made the room a little crammed for our 3 suitcase and in retrospect, we probably should have had a one bedroom apartment. However, we were more than pleased and would stay here again.	
Jan 4 2006	Outstanding Property	Recently stayed for 10 nights with wife and two boys and had a great experience (1 bdr superior). Beautiful fully serviced large apartment with kitchen, washer/dryer, living room, cont. breakfast, nice lobby, 24 hour concierge. small gym and computer room. Really not sure what a hotel would add. Building is in great condition and staff is very friendly and accomodating. Location is perfect only 10 minute walk to Green Park tube or Hyde Park. Walking distance to many central London attractions. Mayfair neighborhood is very quiet and safe with excellent restaurants in Shephards Market nearby. Noura, Lebanese restaurant on Curzon St is exceptional.	
Sep 28 2005	Much better than Hotels	We, as a couple with a son, stayed at two bedroom superior for two nights. Our reservation was made for one-bedroom but they kindly upgraded on the arrival. The suite has a spacious living room and fully equiped kitchen (even with a laundry machine). High speed internet which you can use in the living is free of charge. The room rate was GBP233 per night including tax. I cannot imagine we can stay in such a spacious suite at the price level in the very expensive city, especially in Mayfair area which is walking distance from Bond St., Piccadilly or Oxford Circus. Highly recommended.	
May 1 2005	Wonderful place!	My husband and I stayed at the Ascott Mayfair in April '05 and loved it. The location can not be beat. Close walk to 3 tube stations and great resturants, shopping, and pubs all in the neighborhood. We orginally were booked in a studio apt but they upgraded us to a one bedroom at no extra charge. Our apt. was big and nicely decorated. What I liked most was that we felt like we were staying in our own flat in London, compared to a hotel room, so we felt more like locals then tourists. Overall, would highly recommend the Ascott for anyone traveling to London.	
Mar 4 2005	excellent stay at Ascott Mayfair	My husband and I stayed at the Ascott Mayfair for one night in Feb 2005. We managed to get a special deal (£120), and it was incredible value - we had a small apartment with a sitting room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom, elegantly decorated, in a brilliant part of town, 2 televisions, a DVD and everything you could want. A good buffet breakfast and friendly staff as well. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Grand luxe et très calme !		
Feb 19 2009	londra - ascott mayfair - 12/17 febbraio 2009		
Apr 11 2008 	Stupenda esperienza		
