Sep 4 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location excellent staff	The rooms were quite large for Europe. We had great weather, so the lack of a/c was hardly a problem, the fans were sufficient for us, as we were on the 2nd floor. The first night we were in the basement next to the trash, until we asked to be moved. All of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and would print out directions for us every night. The mini kitchen was also great. There's a market down the block so we could store some food and microwave it, so we wouldn't always have to eat out.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good and Bad!	Just returned from a stay in the Portland Hotel and really have mixed feelings about the experience. The hotel is in a really central position and we were able to walk to all the main sights. The actual room was big and clean - there were 3 of us sharing and it was fine. There were tea and coffee making facilties but the fridge did not work. We had breafkfast in the adjoining hotel and it was fine. The down side of our experience was the heat and the noise. The weather was lovely but the room was unbearably warm. The hotel fan was useless and did not make any difference to the room - it was very uncomfortable at night. This was made worse by the terribly noisy street. We were in a room at the front of the hotel and the traffic was terribly noisy, so we tried to open windows for air, but had too close them , because of the noise. Not a good experience. If I was staying in the hotel again, I would ensure I asked for a room at the back and I would only stay in cool weather.	
Mar 9 2009 	A real gem of a find	Visited this hotel with family and had 3 rooms, all of which were well above average size of the usual London city hotel room. One of them also had room for a settee. All rooms have a sink and microwave along with the usual drink making facilities. This is useful as the only downside of the hotel is the price of breakfast so if you chose to you can make your own. If you venture round the corner though there is a place to get a buffet cooked breakfast for around £6. The location is excellent - close enough to walk to the theatres, etc. Tube stations are close by as are shops and bars, etc.The staff were very welcoming and a nice touch was the free newspapers and magazines in the rooms.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 22 2009 	Neat tidy and central.	We have just returned from a visit to London and stayed at The Portland for one night. We stayed in the Deluxe Suite (£218 inc VAT) as we are a family of four, and the room was extremely spacious and adequate with a King size bed and a sofa bed. The decoration is nothing special, but the hotel is clean, welcoming and homely and situated in a quiet and leafy area close to all amenities. We parked our car in the overnight underground car park literally seconds away at a cost of £25 for 24 hours. Breakfast was to be served at the hotel next door, but we decided to visit a cafe called Onions Sandwich Bar just around the corner as did not relish paying £15 pp for breakfast.We took a taxi into town in the evening to see a show at a cost of £20, but caught a bus the next day to travel to the London Eye and surrounding sites, but as long as you wear comfortable shoes, everything is within walking distance, the closest being Convent Garden. All in all, we had a wonderful time and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a well positioned spot in which to explore London.	
Jan 2 2009 	Bargain stay	A lovely hotel in Central London, ten minutes walk from Covent Garden with a number of tube stops around the corner.It's a lovely old London townhouse converted into a hotel - a large reception area with sofa's and newspapers. When we arrived there was a lovely relaxed feel to the place. Check in was quick, within minutes we were in our room.A large room with a queen sized bed which was very comfy. TV with cable provided as was a fridge and microwave. A kettle with tea and coffee were also most welcome! The bathroom was large with a lovely power shower, ideal for unwinding after trudging around London.Can't comment on breakfast as we didn't eat it, but from what the receptionist said it meant a short walk to one of the adjoining hotels as there are no kitchen facilities here.Overall a lovely stay, however we did stay on a sunday evening and had a really good deal. I'm not sure I'd pay the full rate for this hotel bearing in mind the smaller hotels in the vicinity.	
Jul 28 2008 	Portland Hotel Review	On the positive side, the hotel is in a fantastic location for central london and in a nice quiet street. Had a lovely breakfast sat outside the Italian Cafe in Russell Square Park which is 100 yards down the road (wasn't paying £15 for a continental breakfast at the hotel). The rooms are spacious, fairly traditional and well maintained.On a negative side, we stayed over a very hot couple of days and the room had no air con and was therefore like an oven. The fans provided by the hotel were fairly inadequete and as we were on the ground floor, didnt feel comfortable leaving the window open at night. Also found the staff fairly disinterested. If only staying for a couple of nights and manage to get a good rate, I would reccomend the Portland mainly for its location.	
Jul 5 2008	I loved this place	Location in London is everything. This place is ideal!! about 100 metres from the british museum and less than 5 minutes to a tube station. less than ten minutes to oxford street. 15 minute walk to covent garden..etc... you've got the picture. It's in a place that doesn't feel too busy/ but you are very close to everything.It's a small hotel with big rooms. I was om the third floor and my room was at the back of the building. I had a view of the green roof of the british museum and the post office tower. It was great - stayed there on a hot day and slept with the large wind open..wonderful.The rooms are so big, for london. mine had a small strange kitchen in a cupboard - strange, but very useful if you are staying for a few days.No hesitation recommending this place...	
Jul 3 2008 	Perhaps the worst value for for money at any hotel I've experienced	This hotel may be the worst value for money I have ever experienced. It is part of the Bloomsbury collection adjacent to Russell Square.For one night in July, 2008, I paid 165 pounds -- which is something like $320 -- for an extremely small room without air conditioning, without breakfast and with broken internet access. The hotel and its associated hotels near Russell Square, the Bloomsbury Collection, included free Internet until a few months ago. No more. They now charge 10 pounds for 24 hours -- but I couldn't get it to work. Instead, I had to go two blocks to a nearby Starbucks.Let me give the pluses of this supposed four-star hotel: A very friendly staff, which nonetheless lacked authority to fix the problems. A recently refurbished hotel, which nonetheless wasn't spotlessly clean (although not really dirty).There were pluses, as there ought to be at that price: The room contained a tiny kitchenette.a microwave oven, an iron and ironing board, a safe for valuables and the bathroom had a bathtub, not merely a shower. As well, my room overlooked a beautiful garden.Now, I know things are expensive in London -- a movie costs more than 10 pounds. Nonetheless, these days Internet is as much of a necessity for the business traveler as hot water: You can get along without it but it is mighty unpleasant.I had stayed at one of the associated hotels before at a decent price with a good-sized room. But this was such a mismatch between price and value I think I'm going to give this hotel a pass in the future.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Just spent three nights at the Portland booked through www.show-and-stay.co.uk as a theatre/rail/hotel break. Couldn't fault the whole deal. The Portland is a lovely hotel, clean, large bedroom and bathroom. Also has kitchen with fridge, microwave and sink. Had to go next door to the Clarendon for breakfast but this was not a problem. Great continental breakfast too! Staff were all pleasant. Location is great - quiet street near Russell Square, walking distance from Euston Station, Leicester Square, Covent Garden etc. Would certainly stay here again.	
May 7 2008 	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Portland for 3 days. This was the second Grange hotel we had stayed at. The first being the Beauchamp next door. The Portland is a small hotel which has been recently refurbished. We were given a very big room considered that standard doubles in London are quite small. We had a kitchenette and a bathroom fitted with all modern comforts. The furniture was a bit old fashioned, but the overall impression of the room was above average. Newspapers are delivered for free every morning. The staff at the reception desk were very helpful and prompt. The only disadvantage of this tiny, cosy hotel is that you have to go next door to a sister hotel, the Clarendon, for breakfast, which can be annoying especially on a rainy day. The buffet is ok, even if I preferred the wider choice offered at the Beauchamp.The major advantage of all Grange hotels in Bloomsbury is their great location. Withing walking distance from the most popular London landmarks. Highly recommended to families travelling with children	
Apr 28 2008 	Great!	Booked through &quot;Londonhotels4u.com&quot;.We spent just the one night at this hotel, shame it wasn't more.Great position in a pretty, quiet 'townhoused' street. 10 mins walk (if that) from Covent Gdn. Huge 2nd floor room, big bed, sofa-bed, sitting area, lovely bathroom (bath and shower). Clean, light, quiet (well, ok a little tired but nothing offensive!). Tea/coffee, fridge and microwave.Excellent staff, efficient and friendly.Super breakfast at neighbouring hotel.All for £120 for 2 of us. Can't fault it!Definitely be staying here again at that price!	
Mar 30 2008 	Lovely hotel in a nice location	The Portland hotel is a small, townhouse hotel close to the theatres of the west end. The rooms are large, clean and nicely decorated. This is exactly the kind of small, boutique style hotel that my husband and I enjoy staying in.Continental breakfast was included in the price we paid (you can pay extra for full English) and consisted of cereal, toast, pastries, fruit, yogurt, juice, tea and coffee. Breakfast is served in the Portland's sister hotel (The Clarendon) which is a couple of doors down on the same street.The location of the hotel is on a residential street. The street is reasonably busy (but attractive and safe) and we did find the road a little too noisy the first night but got used to it by the second. As we booked this hotel as a theatre and 2 night stay package it was ideally located for the theatre we needed (about 15 mins walk) and we also found the location good for getting around the rest of London as it is a 5 min walk from Russell Square tube station.Overall, booking this hotel as a theatre and hotel package made the price extremely good for this standard of hotel in this kind of location. We would definitely choose to stay again.	
Jan 8 2008 	Nice Charming Hotel	A nice hotel which is probably more a 3 star hotel but charming, in a typical london building. We stayed there 3 nights and had a large room with a view in the garden. The location is also very convenient within a walking distance (20 min) to the touristic area and close to 2 underground stations. The staff is nice even though not very helpfull on touristic information. A good averall value. And avoid the french restaurant close to the hotel (in an adjacent street): it serves really bad food at a high price ( un attrape-touriste en français !)!	
Dec 3 2007	great little hotel	great little hotel. large american sized bathrooms, clean., big room by european standards. excellent location, too, near many underground stops, restaurants, bars.	
Nov 26 2007 	terrible!	The kind of place that makes you wonder - yet again - whether London shares the same hotel grading system as the rest of the western world.This is billed as a four star hotel but is, essentially, a rough 3 star at best, and really a 2 star hotel.We got a pretty large room on the top (3rd) floor. Very noisy. Carpet was quite dirty and the curtains could not have been washed in years. The corridor was smelly (sewage) all four days we stayed. The floor in the bathroom and room slanted quite dramatically to one side. Working tv and cd palyer but bedding not cleanest and blanket on bed could have done with one high temperature wash!!Breakfast in adjoining hotel is pretty grim.On the plus side the location is very central and the price is (by london standards) quite good.So all in all a relatively good 2 star hotel in central london.	
Nov 25 2007 	A Nice Surprise	The location was perfect and the room was just what we were looking for. Affordable, large, comfortable. The bathroom was large and clean with a nice, strong shower. Broadband internet service and clean. We were there for a week, and the storage space was a little limited, but we were extremely happy with the value we got for the (very sick) dollar. During this time, clean, spacious, with just the amenaties we wanted for under $1,700 (US) was fine! Additionally, the location, walking distance to the British Museum, 4 tube stops, wonderful (affordable) restaurants and great shopping was just what we were looking for. We'd recommend this hotel.	
Jul 24 2007 	I'd stay here more and more	It was the third time that I was staying at this hotel and I couldn't be happier of sleeping in my welcoming and warm room. It's great to find such a nice hotel, extremely clean and at walking distance to the very centre of London. If you can find a room with a garden view, then you'll be able to enjoy peaceful and quite nights as well!	
Jun 24 2007 	An unexpected gem for the centre of London	This hotel is really great value for money.The room was surprisingly large for the centre of London.The basement room had all the advertized amenities and the Kichenette was handy for quick meals after long days walking.This room also had it's own private garden.Innitially the room was only cleaned in the afternoon, but the staff ensured the room was cleaned in the morning after I requested this. Staff where also very helpful and knowlegable.The hotel is also close to two undeground stations (Russell Square &amp; Holborn). The proximity to the British museum enabled me to spend several days exploring this vast museum.	
Apr 18 2007 	loved it	we stayed at the Portland and had a superb room with small garden , found the staff very helpful, huge room very clean and fantastic location, only 10 minutes from theatre land, paid £125.00 and was very impressed would deffinatley stay again with our children, breakfast fine also,, so not sure what people are moaning about,, stayed in some awful hotels, this is certainly not one of them	
Mar 30 2007 	Do not stay at the Portland! 	We (a couple from Denmark and Germany) stayed at the Portland from the 22nd to the 25th march 2007. I read about the hotel before at tripadvisor and thought, that this might be a suitable hotel for us. We booked the hotel at Expedia for the normal price (around 115 English Pound = 182 EURO).When we arrived at the Portland around 11.30 AM they told us that our room is not yet ready and we had to wait until 2 PM. They also told us that it is room no. 06 at the &quot;lower ground floor&quot; which means basement(!) at the Portland. I asked for the manager (the receptionist was not really able to speak English) to show me the room because I read before that these rooms are not apropriate. He showed me the room, it was dark and had low ceilings and only two little windows. I said that I would not accept the room and so he showed me another, telling me that this was the only room they had instead. It was a very (!) small room with a very (!) small bed for two persons, merely a single room. The manager told us that we had to accept this before this was the standard we booked (which was not true). It was clear to us that he was not at all interested in us. When we got back to the reception there was another couple with a baby who had booked directly at the htel, they too should stay at the basement. There were from New York and found it total unacceptable like us.Because we had book over Expedia we had no chance to leave the hotel so we stayed in the small room. When we got up there (at 2 PM) there were dirty towls hanging in the room. When we told this to the receptionist he looked at the towels and said: Well I will tell it to the housekeeping. As you can clearly see, they are total uninterested at the Portland.The next morning we had breakfast (which you have to take at the Clarendon because the Portland has no Breakfastroom of its own) whichwas included in our rate and costs normalely 13 English Pound for Continental Breakfast. That, too, was very poor. The second day my wife found some dark stuff in the juice dispenser, the staff reacted nearly uninterested. On Saturday and Sunday we had to wait about 10-15 minutes until we could get a table for breakfast because it was socrowded.Plaese note that the Portland Hotel, the Buckingham, the Clarendon and the Lancaster belong all to the same hotelbrand (Grange Hotels).So my only advice to all readers is: Do not stay at this hotel!	
Feb 14 2007 	Best in London for the Price!	We found this gem by accident - a delayed flight meant we were stuck in London for a night and this was what the hotel desk at the airport happened to have available. We usually research our hotels thoroughly so we were expecting this one to be really bad...WELL... it turned out to be one of the best we've ever stayed in in London... and we've tried quite a few! HUGE room (we were in room 101 so not sure what the others were like but this was monsterous for London!) with a mini-kitchen, marble bathroom floor tiles, mini-bar... and best of all, it's in the best possible location, right in the center of London.Will be back without a doubt - finally found a reasonably priced gem in the city!	
Dec 15 2006 	Very good experience!	This was a last minute booking, and I chose it solely due to the reviews on TripAdvisor!I arrived early on a Monday (about 9.30 AM) and had to wait about an hour for my room. Just enough time to grab breakfast and check e-mail at the close-by Starbucks across from the Museum!The room was decent-sized, with a nice kitchenette (very large refrig for oversized bottled waters). The bathroom looked brand-new and had excellent fixtures and water pressure.I had a room that looked out the back (over the gardens) and it was a lovely view.At that point they had no A/C and they were very limited on their portable fan supply, so unfortunately I did not get any relief from the heat. But it wasn't a sweltering heat - just a little unpleasant.The room was very clean and the furniture/bedding seemed pretty new too.So, I cannot complain, and this is one of the hotels I will always try to stay in - as long as there's not a heatwave!!	
Nov 28 2006 	Very Good Hotel Good Price	We picked this hotel over others in its price range after looking at reviews on TripAdvisor. It's very clean, the rooms are large and well equipped (ours had a kitchenette with a mini-refrigerator, bar sink and microwave), and appears to have been recently renovated. The location is convenient to the British Museum, and it's a fairly short walk to the Holborn or Russell Square underground stations. The breakfast is provided at a sister hotel a couple of doors down the street, and consists of an ample buffet -- good, but unvarying.Downsides were that our room faced Bedford Place, from which there is a lot of street noise. Rooms are available facing an interior courtyard which would be much quieter. Also, most of the staff at the front desk appeared to be trainees for whom English is a second language, and we were unable, for example, to obtain successful assistance in locating the telephone number for the church of St. Martin's in the Fields (a famous church off of Trafalgar Square). However, this was not due to lack of effort on the part of staff. I would probably not want to stay at this hotel during hot weather, as it doesn't appear to be air conditioned. If I were able to obtain a room overlooking the courtyard, I would stay at the Portland again.	
Aug 28 2006 	Huge rooms 	We stayed at the Portland for 4 nights - my wife and I and our 2 pre-teen daughters. The room was huge and we had plenty of room to spare even when the girls' sleeper sofa was open. The hotel is in a very convenient neighbourhood. A couple of things I'd change: 1) No air conditioning. This was tough given the temperatures reached in London in July. 2) Breakfast is absolutely not worth what they charge for it (and you have to go across the street to a partner hotel). Otherwise friendly &amp; helpful staff. We'd likely go ther again (not in summer due to A/C situation mentioned above).	
Aug 7 2006 	Good hotel in a great place	We stayed for five days in July at the Portland. The hotel was quiet, comfortable and clean. But the location was why we booked it. Two mins to the British Museum, 10-15 mins to most theatres etc. For those who are interested The Dickens House Museum is also a few minutues walk away. Well worth a visit.	
Jul 29 2006	Almost a Gem	Don't be the last to check in. We were the unfortunate ones who did just that on our trip, and we were subsequently assigned the basement room. The room, while very nice and clean, was below ground level and therefore a bit noisy and nerve-racking. The front desk staff informed us that there was nothing he could do about this for the length of our stay. However, when pressed, he did suggest we call the following morning for room availability on a higher floor. The location is close to the tube and buses in a lovely little area near a park. We did enjoy the ameneties and conveniences of the room, including a little kitchen and an impeccable bath. On the final day of our stay, the front desk staff neglected to follow through with our requested wake-up call and also neglected to arrange our requested taxi to the airport. Fortunately, we had set our own alarm and called the desk again that morning to ring a taxi. As experienced on the first day of our trip, the staff proved unapologetic yet pleasant in demeanor.	
Jul 3 2006 	Pleasant room excellent housekeeping wretched service	I stayed at the Portland Hotel for a week on business, accompanied by my baby daughter, in early June, 2006, having seen the many good reviews posted here. While my room was lovely, and the housekeeping service kept it impeccable, the hotel’s front desk staff and management were sloppy and inefficient. For this price, and the reputation of the Grange Hotels, travellers deserve better.My problems began on reserving the room. I had requested a personal confirmation by e-mail on making my reservation, as I was coming with a baby and needed particular assurances, but I never received it. On calling the day before arrival to confirm, the desk clerk at the Portland told me that he would transfer me to the main office, and then I was cut off. On calling back, I had to talk fast to keep from being cut off again.The hotel evidently has considerable diificulties with either its telephone hardware or the competence of its staff in dealing with calls (I suspect the latter). I had booked a babysitter through a London agency to take care of my daughter during the day. I received a written message in my room the evening before the first day (the phone never rang through to me), stating that the sitter had called to confirm the booking. Lovely, I thought, and emerged from my room, baby packed up and ready to go, at the appointed 9 a.m. No sitter. However, the desk clerk informed me, with an air of bovine unconcern, that the sitter had called three times and the agency once that morning wanting me to reconfirm the booking to them as well (he had neglected to note this on the message the evening before), and that he had put her through to the room each time--the phone had never rung, and, as she told him the second and third times, she (and the agency) had simply been cut off, which did not seem to bother him, nor to deter him from continually connecting her to nowhere nor, evidently, to inspire him to take a written message or knock on the door instead. I wasted an expensive hour of my and the babysitter’s time. On complaining to the general manager about the unprofessional behavior of the desk clerk in the matter of the phone calls, she told me she would look into the matter and get back to me that evening--she never did. This was the most egregious example of the sort during my stay, but, unfortunately, far from the only one. For example, on returning to the room one afternoon with the sitter, we found that the coding for the lock had evidently become faulty and neither of our keys would work--the front desk clerk told me that it must be my fault, because I'd held the key close to a magnet. This was not the case (and even if so it would have been highly unlikely that the sitter had somehow managed to do the same), but even if it had been, his job was to recode the key, not rebuke the client. And so on—the full list of petty incompetence would be tedious. No one incident was really dreadful (except the one with the sitter), but all together, they made staying at the Portland a continually irritating hassle rather than a pleasure.I complained again to the general manager when I checked out (she told me that she had checked into the phone problems as promised, but that since everything was fine with the lines, she didn’t get back to me—that this meant that the problem was with her employee instead, and that I still wanted her report, didn’t seem to have occurred to her). She told me that someone from Grange Hotels management would be contacting me within a week and offering me a discount on further stays—though, obviously, a discount on the unsatisfactory one I had already had would have been preferable. I received a perfunctory e-mail two weeks later, regretting any “embarrassment” I might have suffered in the matter of the phone calls (rather than my wasted time and money), observing that there was no problem with the line (and thus implying it had all been in my head, presumably), making no mention of employee incompetence, and offering no recompense, retroactive or future. I doubt that I will be staying at any Grange hotel again, particularly given the partial, lackadaisical, and inadequate response of the management staff to poor service when it was brought to their attention.	
Jun 5 2006	Bargain	We only stayed one night at the Portland, as a last minute option from Late Rooms after other accomodation fell through for a theatre trip. For the location the hotel was an excellent choice, a stones throw from the British Museum and about a ten minute walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Oxford Street etc., and near three tube stations; for a theatre trip this would be hard to beat. The hotel is on a relatively quiet street and is very nicely decorated. Our room was fabulous, the biggest hotel room I've ever seen in London, with a large bathroom to match. It also had an ingenious little kitechette hidden away in a cupboard with a microwave, sink, kettle and fridge. We didn't make much use of this as we were only there for one night but it could prove useful for a longer stay. Our room looked over a kind of park and was very quiet, though it might be a bit noisier in the rooms at the front, the road outside didn't seem very busy. Breakfast is served at the Lancaster a sister hotel dead opposite so not too inconvenient. The buffet breakfast was fine; lots of choice, however, my boyfriend was disappointed as he had been looking forward to a cooked breakfast and this took so long to arrive (he waited over half an hour), he gave up, having only had some toast. Other than that, this is a lovely, reasonably priced hotel (for London) in an excellent location.	
Apr 25 2006	OK but not fantastic	I stay in hotels a lot, and in a previous decade worked in several 3* and 4* hotels so I was rather disappointed in The Portland. The positive: The location is very good, close to Covent Garden, Soho etc so there is no need to buy tube tickets in advance, most places can be walked within 10-15 mins. The rooms are a good size with good bathroom facilities.Staff are welcomingNot - so - positiveThe contintental breakfast was disappointing. There is no restaurant at the Portland so you will need to go to the Clarendon or the Lancaster to eat. The coffee is terrible and there was very little choice at the time we were there.The touches that make a 4* hotel were lacking, there was no welcome information or information on how to use the facilities, no room service information or offers of newspapers, wake-up calls etcAlthough you get a microwave, we had no crockery or cultery to go with it.The road noise was very intrusive and the doors to rooms slammed shut very loudly.Finally, there were no foam pillows in the hotel. This was a major problem for us as my partner is asthmatic and it affected our break significantly.Overall, it was clean, nicely furnished and very well located. Good value for money (in London) but it doesn't reallly merit that fourth star!	
Feb 27 2006	Great value for Central London	This is an amazing hotel for the money. We got a great deal on the Grange hotel website and stayed on a Friday night for £69 including breakfast. The room was very elegant and massive! Very high ceilings, a super-kingsize bed, a fireplace, a comfortable settee and a dining area with fridge, microwave and sink. The bathroom was also of a good size and well appointed. On the down side, the decor was a bit sparse and the room could have done with a few more pictures and maybe some flowers in the fireplace to 'cosy it up' a bit. Also, the towels were a little old and tired. The breakfast was a bit disappointing but adequate (the coffee was AWFUL!). The location is fantastic; only a 10 minute walk to Oxford street, with plenty of nice pubs and restaurants nearby. However, although it looks as though it's on nice quiet side street, don't be fooled! It was really noisy with traffic until very late at night and then with roadworks first thing in the morning. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely use this hotel again as a London base.	
Feb 15 2006	Wonderful find	This was an internet find but we booked for less through Grange Hotels themselves. The hotel is very convenient as both Russell Square and Holborn underground stations are close by and the No. 7 bus stops just across the street. It runs every 20 minutes and goes through Oxford St, Paddington, and on to Portobello Market. Most importantly, the staff were exceptionally professional and helpful accomodating our every need including a 4 am wake up call and very early cab to Heathrow and walking with us to a nearby bank when we had enquired of its location. The hotel is spotless and as is not the case even in many very expensive hotels everything in the room worked! The included continental breakfast was excellent with masses of choice. We are frequent travellers in many parts of the world and this stay was a wonderful experience. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel- great hotel, great location!	
Jan 31 2006	What a value in London!	A group of us went into London to take in a west end show, dinner and then some shopping. The Portland is very close to the Russel Square or Holborn underground tube stops, which makes getting anywhere in London very easy. It is also within walking distance to the British Museum. The hotel itself has been recently renovated and looks fab! The rooms are a little on the small side (we made a concious decision to only get the L69 room.. there was a larger room available for L99 - laterooms.com), but are plenty spacious enough for our needs. There is a full bath with bath tub in the room. There are even up to date magazines in the room for reading leisure. There was even a microwave in the room (that we didn't need to use as there are so many great places to eat in London).When we go back to London with the kids, we will go back and stay here again. I would highly recommend for anyone looking for a well appointed hotel within a reasonable budget.	
Jan 12 2006 	Clean and Spacious	Great hotel, rooms are huge with a kitchenette including a microwave, etc. Clean, clean,clean. I was in a basement room and you can hear the Underground trains as you lay in your bed - but it didn't bother me.	
Nov 21 2005	Excellent stay at The Portland	Just left the Portland Hotel after staying for one night. The location of this hotel is superb as it is only one stop away from Kings Cross on the Picadilly Line at Russell Square. From the tube station it is only a 5 minute walk. The rooms are huge which are approx 8m x 8m with a well appointed en-suite (Powerful shower which is an absolute must.)The bed's are king sized &amp; very comfortable.The rooms feature a kitchenette which gives the flexibility of heating food in a microwave and keeping food cold in the fridge.The staff are very friendly with nothing being too much trouble.The hotel backs onto the British Museum which is definitely worth a visit.The hotel is another 5 minute walk from Holburn tube station which gives access to the Central line.At £70 a night this hotel rivals hotels charging in excess off £100 per night.Will definitely be staying again.Phil &amp; Sharon.	
Nov 15 2005	Nice Townhouse Hotel	Spent a weekend at the Portland Hotel, Grange group, and was very satisfied with this little gem of a hotel. We had a studio, little kitchenet, very large room for with one big bed and nice bath, designer shower. Everything was very elegant and very clean. Got a good deal, last minute through the Hotels own website, 70pounds including breakfast(nothing fancy in the sister hotel next door9, and taxes, a very good deal for London and good vicinity for the Museums and Theatres and Restaurants.	
Oct 18 2005	Great find will go again!	Just spent the weekend in London at the Portland Hotel. We arrived around 2 p.m. and apart from a 10 minute wait for our room to be ready, I can't find any fault with the hotel (and I'm usually very fussy!). The bedroom was enormous (by London standards this is a miracle for 70 GBP a night!), the bathroom spotless as all the rest. We had a little kitchenette with microwave and frigde, cups/plates/cutlery were also provided and we actually heated ourselves a meal on the first night because we were knackered (and on a budget!). The continental breakfast was good, they brought us tea or coffee with toast as well as croissants, cereal, fresh juice, ham, cheese and rolls that were all available from the breakfast buffet. Just one thing: if you are staying there on a Sunday, you'll have to get up earlier than we did (10 a.m.) or else wait for a table because the breakfast room was full!Other than that everything was great, the staff very helpfull and the area is safe and central (10 minute walk to Oxford Street). The Portland is part of a small chain, they have other hotels exactly the same that are in the same area. I got a good rate through there own website and didn't have to pay until the end of my stay (on their website they ask for a credit card number at the time of booking only for a guarantee purpose) I'll definately be going there again for my future trips to London.	
Oct 12 2005	Really very good	Stayed here last weekend after getting a great deal from Laterooms. On arrival we were asked if we wouldn't mind transferring to the sister hotel next door (The Clarendon) and as it was literally one second away we did not mind. The second hotel is also owned by the Grange group and was identical to The Portland.Our room was spacious, warm and had a very good blackout curtain (always helpful) The view from the window was of The British Museum and a quiet green leafy garden. The room was spotless, as was the bathroom, with a great powerful shower. Big comfortable bed, TV and safe. Would recommend this to anyone. Very convenient indeed for Covent Garden, Bloomsbury,Soho, Oxford Street and there is a direct bus to Paddinton Station outside the door(no 7).My only gripe was that breakfast was slow- only one waitress who could not cope, as everyone seemed to arrive at the same time. However we just had the continental breakfast which was self service for the most part. The cooked breakfast looked very good. Coffee and juice I would definitely say were both watered down, which meant a quick trip to Starbucks to get a much needed caffeine fix. If you were very organised you could bring your own coffee and make it in your room- but thats not really the point.! This would not deter me from staying again. The staff were helpful and courteous, although none of them could help when I asked about buses.( my prefered mode of travel in a city, as you can see where you are going!)All in all a very nice place to stay and i would go back without hesitation.	
Oct 3 2005	Can't wait to use again	We had the pleasure to stay as this top rate hotel recently. The ‘New’ Portland Hotel bears no resemblance to the negative reviews on this site referring to the old Repton Portland Hotel. Our room was large, scrupulously clean and the staff helpful and friendly. The surrounding area is Victorian London at it’s best and the hotel is within walking distance of all major attractions. At £70 per night including continental breakfast (Weekend rate) I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to family and friends.	
Sep 11 2005	A Great Experience	My husband and I stayed at the Portland while in London and had a great experience. It has been bought by the Grange Hotel corporation and been refrubished. Our room was quite big and clean with a kitchenette. It's near many other tourist style hotels but on a quiet street. The local bus tours pass by and the British Museum is a few minutes walk away. We got a great deal on the room and felt like it was a steal for it's location.	
Sep 3 2005	Previous reviews are not describing the Portland Hotel !!!!	There is much confusion in these reviews. The Repton Hotel is no more!! What I am reviewing is a four star Georgian townhouse property which is part the Grange Bloomsbury Town House Collection. It is a boutique style hotel which has been beautifully restored from what appears to be the shell of the old Repton. Unfortunately the Tripadvisor weblink has not been updated with this information. This fantastic hotel boasts some of the largest rooms in the area all complete with kitchenette which has a Microwave, Refrigerator, a Sink and enough plates and cutlery to cater for a small meal. This coupled with all the tea and coffee making facilities you need is a welcomed addition for those who just want fix a snack which can be obtained from the many large supermarket chain central stores in the area that offer food at local prices (overseas vistors please note no rip-off here!) The property is very upmarket and befits its four stars The staff are also extremley friendly and professional. Of course there are downsides like no air conditioning but with the UK weather being what it is and the rooms being on the large side this is not a problem. Also all the best rooms face the street but the trade off is the minor traffic noise. However if you book a garden view room which are slightly smaller the traffic noise is barley audiable and they are cooler particulary on the lower floors. All in all this was the best hotel my wife and I have stayed in this particular area. I paid £70 (USD126) for a double room per night with no breakfast which for this area and time of year is extremly good value All in all a great experience from a great Hotel. If you want to see the Portland for what it really is the please go to [--].	
Sep 26 2008 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 8 2008 	un hotel très calme.		
Sep 3 2008 	una fregatura!		
Apr 11 2007 	molto bello e pulito		
Apr 3 2007 	Das Portland vermeiden!		
