Nov 17 2009 	Perfectly fine for the price	Myself, wife &amp; (adult) daughter spent 2 weekend nights at this hotel at a cost of less than £180. So that's approx £30 per night each. Yes, that's in Central London and as ever you get what you pay for. It's basic, some of the furniture is old and the odd lick of paint wouldn't go amiss in places. Cleanliness was OK with plenty of clean bedding. The TV was quite small and the shower in our room had nowhere to hook it on the wall (i.e. you had to shower yourself) but ............... it's £30 a night in Central London. The old building is very steppy and the flights aren't wide by modern standards so that would be a problem if your mobility isn't too good. Breakfast was fine with plenty of cereals, drinks, toast, fruit etc. A cooked breakfast wasn't automatically provided but you simply had to ask one of the kitchen/waiting staff &amp; one would be provided for you. The location is good, just around the corner from Paddington Station(s). Loads of shops/pubs/restaurants in the area. Across the road is a green 'square' and you're a 10 minutes walk away from Kensington Gardens. You wouldn't want to spend all day in the room but there is a nice reception area with 2 large sofa's and a TV at ground level. Reception was manned at all times we went in/out of the hotel. I'd go back again no problem as it was great value for money.	
Sep 22 2009 	Cheap but NOT nasty	This place was a real find... in trendy Paddington..... Cheap but clean, tidy and friendly.The only minus was hard beds and a train noises in the dead of night.FANTASTIC hot running water in a small bathroom.Even though it has a late check in they still stored my luggage while I explored London and they stored my luggage after check out till I was ready tp leave LOndon.. OUTSTANDING.......Will go back again	
Jan 11 2009 	Great family run hotel	We stayed at the Dolphin hotel during xmas 2008.This is a great family run hotel, with very clean rooms and a very helpful and polite staff.The hotel is centrally located and provided a perfect start for discovering London.The money - value ratio at the Dolphin hotel is perfect. We are looking forward to stay at the Dolphin again when we re-visit London.	
Dec 21 2008 	terrible hotel	Very bad single room (nr. 1)	
Nov 30 2008 	Good night stay for less	We booked the hotel from 16 oct to 20oct 2008. And the locatoin and price was main criterion. Its very nice little hotel in perfect location. Just fiew minutes walk from Paddington station, and from there 20 minutes to Heathrow airport by train and 10 minutes away from Londons main attractions. If you don't need excellent room service (you can take care of yourself) then its relly good place to stay. Brecfast room was to small to fit all guest, so you might want to eat out, but we waited for 10 -15 min. Personel was helpful, we had a 3 beds in our room and when we moved 2 of them together (to make our stay more romantic) there was some dust under the bed. Reception was sorry about it and our room was cleaned pretty soon, and this was only thing we complained.  Other people complaining about noise of subway, yes we heared it allso, but it really didn't bother us, maybe opposit it give our trip a feeling of big metropol. There is nice pubs, small stores and dining places near by, so you have everything you need close to you. At the end we come to see London and enjoy our trip. Hopefully you do the same! Tip: when booking ask for room up stairs and with view to the street!	
Aug 26 2008 	If you like black Mold	We've stayed at many budget hotels in London over the past years but when our flight changed to Heathrow this year we wanted to change to the Paddington area in order to be close to the train back to the Airport. When checking for a convient hotel to the Paddington station we selected the Dolphin for it's close proximity to the station. That was the only good thing about the Hotel. We expected the small room as that is the norm for London. But upon opening the shower stall the Black Mold going up the walls of the shower was gross. On leaving for our outing for the day, we asked the desk clerk to please have the shower cleaned, a little bleach would have done wonders for the mold. But upon our return to the room late that night there was no sign of any cleaning of the mold at all. The staff of this hotel from the desk clerk to the Breakfast ladies were abrupt and unfriendly. . If we'd had to stay one more night I'd have found some bleach to kill the mold myself. The twin beds pushed together would have been ok if the springs had not been coming out the side of the mattress, I found this problem the first night when getting into bed I was scratched on the leg by one of the protruding metal peices. Not a place we'll ever return to again, and I would not recommend any of my friends or enemies to stay here, unless they want to put there health at jeopardy.	
May 24 2008 	Godd location is really all I can say!	Booked a one night stay, as was going to the chelsea flower show, Location of the hotel was fine for that and within walking distance of Oxford Street area for shopping and going out in the evening. I had read on the website that I booked this through that it had be recently reburbished. On arrival we checked in and were told that our room was downstairs, which was fine until we got in to the room, the downstairs had not yet been refurbished in fact the new carpet was roled up in the corner! as soon as we shut the door there was a very load rumbling noise and the room started shaking! yes it was a tude train going by, in the few minutes we were in the room this probably happened 2-3 times, I also used the toilet while in the room which when flushed made a loud long whistling noise! After going out and doing a bit of shopping we returned to the room, again room shaking everytime a train went by! I decided that there was actually no way that anyone would be able to sleep through the noise so went to ask at what time the trains finished I was told about midnight, and started again about 6am, I then asked if we could change room, the person on the desk said yes with no hesitation and told us to move to a room on ground level. This room was much better less noisy, clean and a refurbished room! But no apology from the staff for putting us in the shaking room to start with! Breakfast was ok, very basic and could have done with some fresh fruit. Check out was smooth and we could leave our bags there all day while at the flower show.	
Apr 12 2008 	Get what you pay for here!	I stayed here on two separate occasions for one night because it was the cheapest I could find and I was on a tight budget. The first room was nice enough (room 4) - clean sheets, en suite and generally neat and tidy. I simply wanted somewhere to sleep, this wouldn't be a place Id choose for a holiday (its not a hotel to book to feel special). Its an old place, some charm, the carpets in the second room i stayed rooms weren't great and I wouldnt walk around bare foot - but hell, its just about central London and the sheets were clean and it was comfortable.You can also hear the tube train under the hotel quite well if you stay on ground floor - though, again, it didnt bother me much - and anyway it doesnt run all night.One thing that could improve is the staff - quite abrupt, not very friendly at all- but when you consider many of them might not be paid well and probably have to travel for miles in the morning just to be there.. maybe Id be the same.Finally, don't expect too much - it annoys me to read reviews written by people who've paid £40 quid and expect Hilton standards - you get what you pay for here!NB: I booked &quot;The Dolphin&quot; on ebookers the second time and when I arrived the guy said Id been allocated a room in &quot;The Shakespeare Hotel&quot; directly next door - apparently there're jointly owned - however if I wanted a room in the Shakespeare Id have booked one (the pics of the Shakespeare seemed a bit ropey, even though they may well be the same).. I just thought it was a bit crafty of them! (I had him swap my reservation! - better the devil you know when you're in the business of finding budget accommodation in London.	
Mar 29 2008 	Worse than $2 hotel in Egypt	We booked a room with an en-suite reception said we didn` t.After argueing for 30 mins manager said we could have an ensuite but wanted 18 pounds extra a night and had to change rooms several times during our stay.Decided against itPut us on the third floor with shared bathroom on the fourth. Room was very small and bed was against the wall. Window didn`t close properly and there was a pipe with running water noise all night long. Got no help from the reception about these things. Water stopped completely one morning in the middle of my wifes shower didn`t come on again for about 5 mins.Came back one evening around 6 and couldn`t get up to our room workers were all over the stairs pulling up the carpets.Somebody already said this is the worst hotel but we had stayed in some dives in Egpyt and thought couln`t be as bad as that. But we were wrong. If you go here you deserve what you get.	
Mar 6 2008	Not bad for a 2* hotel	My (ex) girlfriend booked this Hotel the night of her flight to London.... ok.We came to arrive in this Quiet little hotel in the Big city jus to get a room in the top floor..... i whispered in my girlfriend and said &quot;wer lucky coz wer on the top floor to get a good view&quot; but then the receptionist said &quot;The stairs are on ur left&quot; i was like OMG we had 3 big bags with us so yes i ended up carrying 2 of them to the top floor. The room was BIG with 2 single beds put together, 1 single bedon its own beside the 2 single beds... and 1 double deck bed in the corner.... what the hell is the point??? it was jus the 2 of us with so many beds! The toilet? yes it was small for even an average guy! the flooring and the walls in that toilet are PLASTIC! its like a Public Toilet Stands in the corners of West end that was put in that room..... i know pictures are quite Decieving coz in the website it looked good but knowing it was a 2* i did not expect great..... the only good thing was i think was the friendly Guy in reception and Checking out. to all tripadvisors..... if you want jus for a really really really really desperate place to sleep yes just to SLEEP..... i suggest you book in this hotel. or is it even a Hotel?! unfortunately Yes it is a Hotel	
Feb 21 2008 	Not all bad	I had booked in to The Shakespere and was redirected to The Dolphin.I had stayed one night just over the road at The Falcon and was expecting a far lower standard of accomadation because of the price difference but was surprised.Yes a lot could be better, a bit of heat would be nice but all in all The Dolphin proved very good value for money which is essential when staying in London. Irish visitor	
Sep 30 2007 	A very bad hotel	THE WORST HOTEL OF MY LIFE!!!If you want to spend a good week end pleae do not go to this hotel. I first booked online a double room with my girl friend and they told us on the web site that we had our own bathroom...moreover the pictures really looked well and it was not expensive(80 euros)We arrived on friday, the receptionist a lady was awful and very impoliteOur room was on the fourth floor, good luck for the stairs(small, smelling)then I discovered that we had to share toilets and bathroom ...but that is not finish: toilets: no lights neither on the toilets nor in the room, the flush was not working!!amazingand to finish on a positive point: no double bed, only three small beds!Ithe breakfast is between 7 30 and 9 00for the price I did not expect something delicious but I was no disapointed! Thing is that you have to queue if you want to eat15 minutes at the rush hour...Regarding the room, It look very old, very dirty...the onlything good was the nice view on the squareTo summarize If you want a good week end do not go to that hotelGuillaume from Paris	
Sep 19 2007 	Warning - never again	This is for sure the worst hotel i have stayed in. The rooms are dull and the cleaning is pure. I had a madras, where i could feel the springs. If you for any reason deside to stay at this hotel, then don't ever accept the room in the basement. The beds are shaking due to the subway trains running below the hotel. I will never again stay in this hotel.....	
Sep 5 2007 	No way!	The best things to be said about this hotel are the locationand the people who work there. After that, it's all down hill.The rooms are tiny. Our bathroom measured 3' by 4' (think aboutthat!). The carpets throughout the hotel were filthy as was ourbedspread. (The sheets were OK.) This is one of the hotels thatassumes guests are criminals so charges 20 pounds to open aphone line. Then, to confirm flights with Air Canada, we werefirst sent to a pay phone next door that cut us off after aminute and charged one pound, and then were charged L2.20 for a short call from our room. Breakfast is served from 7:30 to 9a.m. in a far too small room. The hotel itself suggests itunwise to go late, for obvious reasons. A self-serve breakfastarea with rolls, juice and coffee open until 11 a.m. would beso much preferable from all points of view. If you don't mindroughing it for 70 pounds a night and living in a place thatwants no drinking and no smoking anywhere (and we had requested a smoking room!), this place is OK. I myself will never return.	
Aug 22 2007 	Avoid at all costs	I invite you to avoid this hotel if you want to have good vacation. We passed the last night with water falling from the ceiling to the TV; the cleaning is never done and the staff not always pleasant especially if you miss the breakfast at 09:03. The main advantage is that you are very close to the Paddington Station (2 min away walking), but i prospected for hotels around this area and visited them in front of SHAKESPEARE &amp; DOLPHIN HOTEL (the other side of street), and the only think i can tell you, it seems better for a very similar price and an English Breakfast.I will publish pictures we took in order to illustrate my speech.	
Jul 25 2007 	Toilets	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights... and I was glad that we didn't stay longer. We could sleep alright and the tube underneath didn't bother us, but maybe only because we were at the top of the building. The rooms were small, but alright, exept that the cleaners left dirt and other things on the bed. We knew that there won't be a toilet in the room, but we didn't know in what stait it was in... one toilet wasn't even finished yet and the other one didn't flush well. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, because it was too full and we heard from other people that you only get a piece of toast!The staff is unfriendly. The location of the hotel ist perfect! I can only say this: It looks nice from the outside, but it's not as nice from the insideYou can stay here if you don't stay too long and if you only come to the hotel in the evening to sleep	
Jun 28 2007 	poor nights sleepas bad beds and noisy underground.	we choose the shakespeare hotel and get moved to the dolphin. unfortunately the beds were hard,only one pillow and the noise and shaking from the underground keeps you awake.this is not mentioned in the blurb!coffee and tea making are sub standard,the kettle cracked and brown.the staff were fine and breakfast ok.its a shame as it is in a good area,but i wont be staying again	
Jun 17 2007	very nice despite bad reviews	i checked the tripadvisor reviews AFTER i had booked the hotel and was dismayed at what i read. i expected the worst, but found a quiet, fairly elegant hotel on a tree-lined square just a block from paddington station. we were given a large room at the front of the hotel, with an almost brand-new bathroom &quot;pod&quot; in the corner. i was surprised but pleased to find a coffee maker &amp; a fridge in the room. the furnishings were worn but not unduly so, the carpet was newish &amp; clean. we could hear the trains passing under the hotel, but it's just a faint rumbling, nothing to keep you awake at night. altogether one of the nicest &amp; cheapest places i've stayed in london.	
May 21 2007 	Very basic	Upon arrival I was given a very small room behind the reception. The sink and the shower were inside the room, actually in the room, only the toilet was in another very very very tiny division. The carpet was very worn, with holes stains and cigarette marks. Had a window that looked upon a wall and other bedroom windows. The hotel is very close to Paddington station which is good if you are planning to use the station; and also bad because you can hear and feel the subway trains, when you are trying to sleep. My luck was that I was always so tired from walking through London that I always felt asleep quickly. The breakfast was nice but very basic. Staff OK. Summing it all up: a cheap place; good location; very basic and unsatisfying. Not a place to hang out; just a place to go at the end of the day and (try to) sleep.	
Aug 12 2006 	a functional place to stay	When I read the latest review done by the French guy, I was a bit apprehensive and expected the worst. But when I arrived at the hotel, the place looked charming and calm. The receptionist was very nice. I booked two rooms there. The lobby very charming. There is a toilet sometimes two and showers at every floor. They are very clean. The size of the rooms and beds vary. Mine was on the forth floor. The breakfast was copious and correct for the price paid. The rooms are cleaned every day. the staff is very helpful. Many restaurants in the vicinity. All in all, the hotel is a good place to stay. The only negative point is the carpet. If the hotel could change it, the place would really be perfect. Another thing, there are no remote controls in the rooms. Bad tv reception in my room and could not fix it myself because there some buttons missing on the tv set. But if you are in London, I don't think that you bother to watch tv. There are a lot of things to see and shopping to do. So who cares if the tv reception is good or not. I recommand the hotel for someone who wants something functional and not expensive.	
Jul 6 2006	I won't go back	First off, when you check in to the Dolphin, the first thing they will usually do is send you to their other Hotel, the Shakespeare next door. Now here's the rub. If you stay in the rear of the hotel, you get almost NO air flow so the room gets quite warm. Then when you try to take a shower you might be faced with a hand shower that does not mount on the wall. (love those 1 handed showers) Additionally, the water pressure was pathetic so actually getting clean is a challenge. Then, to finish you off, outside of your window is an open passageway in the ground where the Circle line subway runs past.... And if you know the tube then you know that these trains run every three minutes, and they clatter-bang their way into the station. Our room might as well have been in Paddington. Thank god we were only there for 1 night. Also if you want to make calling card calls from your room, you need to give them 20 quid as a deposit. They give it back but this is the only place in 5 places we stayed that made us do this.Didn't even stay for breakfast (the wakeup call WAS on time though) Got the hell out. I will probably NEVER return	
Jun 10 2006	For the budget traveler	Not bad, but you get what you pay for. I've stayed here twice and haven't really had any problems. The staff has helped out when asked with no fuss. The price isn't bad and it's got a great location. No complaints about breakfast, though the dining room is a bit cramped. I'd recommend either showing up as soon as they open for business or near to quitting time, so you have more space.	
May 29 2006	Never again!	We stayed here for 4 nights and unless you want to sleep with the noises of the train going under your bed every 3 minutes until midnight..don't do it.They also allow smoking in the reception area and it stinks. The breakfast was basic and you had to wait in line for a piece of toast. We had asked for soy milk weeks in advance and they still didn't provide it. After we asked to be moved to a quieter room, the hotel tried to cancel the rest of our stay much to our surprise. We had paid the 4 nights in advance.It was more akin to a hostel and we would not go here again.	
Jun 13 2005	For the budget traveler	No frills, budget hotel. It is conveniently located near Paddington train station and the tube station (only a block or so) which makes getting around town and into the countryside relatively easy. There was no air conditioning in our room but it was comfortable at night. The hotel offers a good breakfast.Stay here if you plan to be out of the hotel except at night and you want something inexpensive and safe and near the train station.	
Nov 18 2004	Youth Hostel not hotel!	The Dolphin Hotel cannot be classified as a hotel. Youth hostel is the proper description. The room we got (and immediately left!) was very small, the bed and mattress was very worn down, the curtains were halfway falling down and the carpet had vomit stains. There were two (maybe three?) toilets in the whole hotel and only ONE tiny shower. For 18-year old backpackers the hotel would probably be fine, but for everybody else: Stay elsewhere!	
Sep 16 2004	Not so great	Ugh! From looking at other reviews I paid way too much. I paid 250 GBP for one night. My window was on the first floor, street level and would not close or lock. Stains on the bed sheets and no help with my luggage from the hotel staff. The room service was fairly priced for the quality of food, that was the only bright spot in the dismal hotel.	
Jun 8 2004	Non-smokers beware	The hotel isn't bad, but if you're looking for non-smoking, forget it. When I visited in the fall of 2001 (admittedly several years ago), the hotel manager smoked like a chimney, and it permeated the entire hotel from top to bottom. Smell of smoke everywhere. Beware, and look for a *non-smoking* hotel.	
Apr 13 2004	fair price a bit dingy	the hotels pluses: you can have room service for breakfast, internet access at the sister hotel hotel shakespeare, close to buses and Paddington station. However. the carpet was soiled, room was a bit dingy. It was a bit bigger than previous room we'd stayed in in a another hotel. overall a fair experience in the hotel	
May 28 2003	Dolphin Hotel is great	Recently visited London (May 2003) and stayed at the Dolphin Hotel. Was in a section about 2 blocks from Paddington Station. The hotel is across from a nice little park on a very lightly traveled street. The clerk was a very delightful and helpful man who was always ready with a story or suggestion on what to see. The room (our's was a triple on the 1st floor) was very nice and roomy with a very clean bathroom. Nice to have a fridge too. Breakfast could have been a little better, not much to choose from on the continental breakfast - cereal, toast, boiled eggs and canned fruit. The full english breakfast was a little better. All in all - I highly recommend this hotel. We got a great rate for 6 nights - around $700 american.	
Dec 6 2002	Great Stay	Just returned (Dec. 1, 2002) from a great stay at the Dolphin. It's a great bargain. We paid 70 ppounds for a tiriple. The hotel clerk was very cordial and helpful. The hotel itself is located on a nice square about 2-3 blocks from Paddington Station. The area is nice, not seedy as I thought it might be. The room we had is the triple pictured on its Internet site. It was quite lovely and very spacious for Europe. The bathroom was immaculate! The hall and stairs have a somewhat faded charm, but who cares about those areas as long as the room is clean.The only negative is that there is no lift, so you will have to carry your own bags up the stairs.	
Oct 11 2009 	Archi nul		
Oct 2 2009 	Positivamente impressionato		
Sep 16 2009 	Lo peor de lo peor		
Aug 23 2009 	inacceptable		
Jun 2 2009 	A éviter !		
May 21 2009 	hotel discreto		
May 11 2009 	Ubicación inmejorable		
May 1 2009 	l' habit ne fait pas le moine		
Apr 24 2009 	A éviter		
Apr 16 2009 	Aceptable		
Mar 22 2009 	Une arnaque au coeur de Paddington		
Jan 15 2009	Lugar economico e ideal		
Nov 29 2008 	étonnée des commentaires lus moi je le conseille cet hotel		
Nov 17 2008	A eviter absolument		
Nov 3 2008 	hotel miteux		
Nov 3 2008 	bonne surprise !		
Nov 1 2008 	Si puedes evitalo		
Sep 5 2008 	Hôtel déconseillé		
Jul 25 2008 	attention!!!! c'est une catastrophe!!!!		
Jun 4 2008	Zweckmäßig und sauber – für diese Preiskategorie O.K.		
Jan 22 2008 	Pas si mal après toutes les mauvaises critiques que j'avais lues!		
Oct 8 2007 	hotel ok		
Oct 7 2007 	Beschreibung des Dolphin im Internet weckt falsche Erwartungen...		
Sep 23 2007 	Saber a dónde se va		
Jul 31 2006 	Un taudis !!!		
