Nov 17 2009 	Checked out at midnight	Booked this based on TA reviews (against better judgement), but in an effort to save pennies. Should have followed my instinct, coming from / knowing London it all sounded too good for that price.Got there just in time to get keys from reception before they closed for the night. Not a particularly friendly welcome. Room was freezing, bed hard, small, tv so high on wall that I got a stiff neck watching it. It was dismal and miserable and I couldn't wait for my husband to turn up to go for dinner. Didn't unpack, sat on bed with coat on. After dinner, fuelled by a couple of bottles of wine I called another hotel for availability and on way back to Vicarage, we picked up our case, kept the taxi running and went elsewhere.With respect to anyone who can't afford more in London I feel heartily depressed that this represents good value for money and is considered a nice hotel option. I'm glad we didn't stay or sample breakfast.Lesson learned.	
Nov 16 2009 	Lovely location	I, like many others commented on, felt this B&amp;B was a great value for a London accommodation; when I considered the Vicarage after reading is ranking with TA, I sent an inquiry by email and always received a prompt and courteous reply; after seeing pictures and the balcony rooms I did inquire about the possibility of reserving one of those rooms~~I was told a balcony room was being held for my husband and myself; the couple travelling with us were unable to get one as the other balcony room was a larger room than they needed. Our room was small but no smaller than any other European room we have stayed in and with the balcony and big double doors it seemed much larger; we thoroughly enjoyed having some wine, cheese and olives on the balcony with our friends after a long flight and day of sightseeing. I, like others in the reviews stated, felt that the woman who checked us in was rather cold; she would answer our questions (bluntly) and not offer any more than what we asked about and did seem in a hurry to leave; stairs did not bother us as it was only one trip up and that is what husbands are for~~right?? Not being a big breakfast eater and not real fond of eggs, I found the breakfast to be adequate but would have liked to see a croissant, bagel or muffin instead of lukewarm toast; they do make a terrific pot of hot chocolate though!! I enjoyed the location as it was so central and within a short walk to many sights and tube stations~~loved walking to the Saturday market in Notting Hill (a must see for tourists but do go early as it gets very crowded) Everything you could ever want or need at the market. A great hotel find as far as I am concerned	
Oct 21 2009 	Very clean good location LOTS of stairs	I agree with the previous review. The location by Kensington Gardens was nice as its residential, very quiet, yet convenient. Be prepared for lots of stairs. Sharing the bathroom wasn't a problem as it was right next to our room. The rooms are very small, but have everything you need. The woman who let us in on our arrival didn't seem very friendly, but we talked with another woman later in the week and she was very friendly. There wasn't anyone around if we had questions so that could be a negative for some people.	
Oct 9 2009 	Decent Value Good Location Small Room	We stayed at the Vicarage Hotel for a week. It was nice to be close to Kensington High Street on one hand, and the Kensington Gardens on the other. If you don't mind a small room, sharing a bathroom, and possibly several floors to climb, this is a reasonably priced hotel in a nice location. The price includes a full breakfast.	
Sep 28 2009 	The Vicarage was just fine!	I am not understanding what some of the crabbing is about. This was a great little place and exactly met our expectations. We had a cute but little room (number 6) that had the benefit of a small balcony with table and chairs. I requested this room far in advance, and the request was not forgotten. The price was great and the location was charming. We got up our first morning and were able to walk up to Nottinghill for the Portobello Rd Market. It's located between two tube stops that can take you anywhere, yet you come home at night to a quiet and safe neighborhood.	
Sep 22 2009 	We Left Before Staying One Night	This hotel advertises itself as something it is not, and we were not there long enough to discover no credit cards, and the other negative issues in another review. We were greeted rather indifferently (certainly not welcoming) by a woman with a clipboard. She checked us off, handed us two keys, said, &quot;Third floor, breakfast downstairs.&quot; turned and left. 3rd floor, without an elevator or offer to help with luggage after we had been traveling all day from the US. The room was marginally clean, no TV, and when my wife used the washroom upon exiting the door handle fell off. The pictures of the room show a roomy, lovely &quot;double room&quot; with two double beds, two comfy reading chairs, and a view of the lovely garden. Our room, when we finally reached it, was one small double bed, one uncomfy chair wedged in between the wall and the bed, no room to put luggage either on the floor or on a stand/table/dresser (cuz there was none), and little room to even walk around the room. We left, found another hotel nearby, checked out, forfeited our deposit and was only too glad to do so in order to leave.	
Aug 27 2009 	Clean great location not bad for London	I have heard that it's very hard to find a decent priced, clean hotel in London. A friend of a friend recommended this one and it certainly was fine for two nights!We opted for the shared bath, which meant we were only paying 93 Pounds a night (which for London is a bargain). The room was very pleasant with a sink and a wardrobe and very, very clean. There was also a nice tea service put out for us. The shared bathroom was nothing spectacular, just a tiled shower and toilet, but the water was hot and like the rest of the hotel, the bathroom was immaculate. We only stayed two nights, but never had trouble accessing the bathroom, even though there were other people on our floor.I am in good shape, but must admit dragging my suitcase up three very steep flights of stairs wasn't as easy as I'd hoped. Still, it's only that one trip up that's difficult and a good workout otherwise. Stll, travellers who would not be able to handle the stairs have no other options and should not stay at this hotel.The breakfast was a traditional English breakfast and I had not had time to call ahead and ask about vegetarian options. The staff tried to accomodate, and really, it didn't matter that much to me. I imagine if I'd given them more warning, they might have been able to accomodate my request.The staff is very helpful. There are maps and guides in the television room and we borrowed the London guide for the day. Our host booked a taxi for us in the morning as well. There is wireless in this hotel, but we found it only worked in the television room, which meant traipsing up and down those stairs!The hotel is on a quiet side street. We heard a bit of traffic from the busier street one over, but overall it was very quiet for being in Central London!I've heard nightmare reviews of London budget hotels and will say that as long as you can handle the stairs and don't mind sharing a bathroom, this hotel is clean, great location and great staff.	
Aug 15 2009 	Room could use some refurnishment	Nice location, clean rooms, but mine had some old furniture that I was afraid to touch so fragile it seemed.	
Aug 11 2009 	If you want to get fit book a room on the top floor	NO LIFTS! its fine walking the stairs by yourself, its just when you have to do it with a 15kg bag that is a little difficult. We slummed it at this hotel and for the four of us we got one bedroom (with a double bed and two singles) with a communal shower and dunny.The room was cute. The only thing i have to complain about is being in the same room as my parents, but thats not the hotels fault lol.The shower was clean enough, although i still wore thongs. Breakfasts where pretty lousy in the basement, not alot happening there.. nice peppermint tea though. No staff hanging around. Only see them at Breakfast. There was a communal TV room which was good. I wouldn't go back to the Vicarage.	
Aug 4 2009 	An adorable place to stay and the owners were exceptionally helpful.	First time traveling to London, I went online to book and was shocked--shocked I tell you!--at how insanely expensive it is. I knew it was gonna be a lot, but GAWD. Thank the stars for Trip Advisor. Upon checking many hotels advertising around 100 pounds (around $170 USD at this writing) and finding reviews revealing they are total tiny and filthy PITS, I had to revise my budget. For 124 pounds I booked a double with two twin beds at the Vicarage. The $210 USD a night price tag nearly killed me, but even before I arrived I knew I had made the right choice.I flew into Luton and didn't realize when I booked that it was way too far away to take a taxi in. I had to get the train to the hotel. I didn't know which to take, but when I called to confirm my room and one of the owners asked where I was flying into, she said I'd need to change trains at least once to get in, and offered to help figure it all out. She figured out which trains I'd need, emailed me the info quickly, and I have to say that even though I could've figured it out on my own it was a lot easier and less stressful to have local help.When I arrived I was thrilled to find the neighborhood awesome, the room charming (and I understand by looking at pics quite large by London standards) and everything spic 'n' span. The only complaints I can think of: the blankets are scratchy wool numbers (but they are O.K. if you just snuggle under the top sheet) and there was some loud construction next door one morning that I didn't get a warning about, but everything else was so nice, these are really small things in comparison.Breakfast is served in a bright downstairs room, and you can have a plate of bacon or kippers with eggs done many ways, toast, and various juices, cereals and (the only downer) canned fruit. Tea or coffee comes with, of course, and even though I can be grumpy and want to keep to myself in the morning (which you can do if you like) I talked to some of the other guests and got some good tips for outdoor markets and such.In a hurry to catch a train to my next destination, I managed to leave some clothing behind in the bureau. I emailed the owners and they offered to mail my things to where I'm staying now, and were very nice about it all too.Overall, I'd say the Vicarage is an excellent place to stay in London, and though expensive (in my world anyway) for London it's a good deal.	
Jun 18 2009 	Charming Bed and Breakfast! The nicest owners!	My husband and I arrived for a 2 night stay and visiting London for the first time. Not knowing what to expect, we booked this hotel based on location and value. But we were pleasantly surprised by the quaint, charming rooms, the wonderful breakfast spread, and most importantly, the genuine niceness of the owners. We asked for directions to a nearby Indian restaurant and were given directions a few blocks down to one of the best places we've ever been. We also were able to have our luggage held while we went on a day trip to the Cotswolds, and the owners held it even after we checked out of our room. A truly wonderful place to stay and we will stay here again upon our return to London!	
Jun 16 2009 	Reality Shock for Neophyte Visitors	The friends who travelled with me had not had a foreign country B&amp;B hotel experience prior to staying here with me. They were surprised by the lack of a lift/elevator, the usual Brit mushy beds, and there being no TV or telephone in the room. They did like the breakfasts generally, tho'. As for me, having spent much time previously in the UK, this is a nice, fun place (except for hauling your luggage up the many flights of stairs) with a good location, and I'd stay here again, no problem.	
Jun 4 2009 	great location - godd service rooms and value	The ladies managing and serving were very helpful...from the time that we checked our bags in early (at 7am) to the great, prompt service for breakfast. The location was very handy to both Notting Hill Gate and Kensignton High Street tube stations and all that both of these areas offer. Our room was &quot;compact&quot; but had all that we needed, good view from the 1st floor, nice and clean	
Jun 1 2009 	What a gem!	The Vicarage is ideally located in Kensington yet is incredibly quiet. Our room faced the street yet we seldom heard any vehicles. It is an easy walk to 2 tube stations, Kensington Park Gardens, Portobello Road and so much more! For London, it is very reasonably priced; clean room with bath; excellent full English breakfast (worth a lot!) We loved it!	
May 19 2009 	even nicer than i remembered	There are so many positive reviews that mine is not really needed but i make it a policy to always add a review because i am so grateful to all the other members for their contributions.I stayed here some years ago &amp; thought what a great location &amp; what a nice change from the 'plastic fantastics' &amp; functional chains.OK there is no lift,no room phones &amp; no bar - all of which is made crystal clear on their web site.Stairs &amp; luggage can be a pain but its only twice - once on arrival &amp; once on departure hardly a big price to pay for staying in an authentic London house in a wonderful location.Breakfast is the real thing &amp; I suspect many guests like me skip lunch after such a good start to the day.The rooms are simple &amp; I like that!Hotels should provide a clean room,comfortable bed,a good nights sleep &amp; a nice breakfast. Throw in helpful staff &amp; a great location &amp; you are all set.Vicarage ticked all the boxes for me &amp; I am looking forward to a return visit .	
Apr 15 2009 	Lovely location quiet building all you need when you're sleeping in London!	I stayed here for two nights recently and found it to be in a lovely, quiet part of Kensington but very close to the action on High Street and to Kensington Palace and park: perfect! I didn't spend much time here because I was out all day long exploring the city, but the time I spent in the hotel was great- very comfortable bed, nice clean bathroom with a rain-like shower head with strong pressure and good hot water! The balcony was also really nice to have. The decor is very appropriate for the period of the house, and I enjoyed that. The staff was not overwhelmingly warm, but they provided everything I needed.	
Mar 17 2009 	Five Minutes from Kensington Palace and Kensington Gardens	I loved this hotel and have recommended it to others. Its location was bang on ... allowing me to walk to my fav pub through Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, and in between Kensington High Street Tube Station and Notting Hill Tube Station.Word of warning though! If you have a single room with shared bath, don't pack a big suitcase! It is on the fourth floor and no elevator. However, that said, I enjoyed a couple of pet pigeons up there on high. I felt like I should see Mary Poppins floating down.	
Dec 29 2008 	Good Value and Great Location	It was our first time in London and we (me and my wife) were looking for an affordable hotel, with a good bed and shower, in a safe area, near the tube, not far from the center, and the most important, in a QUIET street. It sounds simple but was not that easy, since London is an expensive place to stay and we want to avoid hostels and shabby places. From hundreds of hotels I picked about half-dozen and I decided to stay in Vicarage Hotel because the only bad reviews was about the so called &quot;unfriendly staff&quot;, which is not a big issue to us. It was low season and we payed 104£ for a double room with private toilet/shower and breakfast included. It wasn't cheap but a reasonable price. In the first day my impression was that the staff really looked unfriendly (I mean, no smiles), however they worked efficiently and were polite. The second day I got a cold and needed to keep the heat on in my room all night long. As the heating was central, we have to ask the manager to keep it on and they did so. Next day the manager asked me how was I, if my throat was getting better. She and another member of the staff gave us informations how to make cheaper telephone calls using cards instead of coins. In the fourth day the impression of &quot;unfriendly staff&quot; has gone away. The hotel is located in an excellent area: A quiet street near the fashionable Kensington High Street. Few minutes walk to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, Portobello Road and Holland Park. I recommend this place to everybody and probably will stay there again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Fantastic!!!!	I'll add yet another POSITIVE review to the Vicarage. I'm almost afraid to write a great review, as I think that with this growing chorus of glowing reviews, the place will only get harder &amp; harder to book--&amp; I plan to stay there again, but may have a hard time doing so if people keep writing &amp; reading great reviews.But, to be honest, all the praise is spot on. Single traveler, on a business trip, &amp; found it a perfect place on budget. &amp; booked at the last minute. So many hotels in this price range are just dumps. Not the Vicarage---as others have posted, I found my room clean, the bed comfortable. I opted for the cheaper non-en suite room, yet it still had it's own sink &amp; mirror. The toilet &amp; shower just down the hall were always spotless &amp; clean. The shower even had a newer &quot;power shower&quot; head vs. the old fixtures in other hotels in this price range. The breakfast was fantastic---a &quot;continental&quot;-style buffet of very fresh fruits, various juices, cereals, &amp; yogurts, and, along w/ coffee, a cooked-to-order full English breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, tomato) at no extra charge. Little touches like a bowl of mints in the hallway (which I know I depleted a couple of times!). The hotel has FREE wireless internet...altho' like UCB said, it didn't quite reach the 4th floor. Sure, it was a bit of a hassle having to go down 4 floors to use it, but at these prices, hard to complain. It was just a simple matter of having my laptop w/ me when I went downstairs for breakfast &amp; checked the morning's e-mails, work. etc. It is indeed a VERY short walk to the Notting Hill Gate tube stop (maybe 5 or 10 minutes max), with Hyde Park &amp; Kensington Gardens just around the corner. Staff were friendly...whilst often not in the office, would quickly come rung for when needed.	
Oct 23 2008 	You cannot beat this neighborhood	I just got back from an October 2008 trip to London. I stayed at 2 different places, both of which I’ve reviewed. I stayed at Vicarage Gate for 5 nights. I would highly recommend it. You cannot beat the location on a quiet street. It is a hotel, so don’t expect a cozy B&amp;B ‘how can we help you 24/7’ type welcome. You are more an occupant in the hotel than a long lost friend. But that is no problem if you know that. Whilst the hotel has no elevator, and the rooms are basic (my toilet/shower facility was shared/down the hall, no TV)…keep in mind this is an amazing deal for this part of London. This is a VERY expensive area of town; and to get a chance to stay here is really a treat. I walked from Kensington High Tube just about every day (Notting Hill Gate is a little closer), and felt very safe, even when coming home alone from the theatre. The breakfast was very good and lasted until dinner. The people I met staying at the hotel were very friendly, and we had a good time chatting at breakfast. There is internet, but you need to be on the ground floor for it to reach you. It may have worked on 1st floors..but I was on the 4th, so I don’t know.The only reason I wouldn’t highly recommend this is because it would be harder to book the next time. If you expect a basic room, no elevator, no TV, a helpful but not proactively friendly staff, a great breakfast in an unmatched location, you should be happy with this choice. This is all about a gorgeous location in a fabulous neighborhood.	
Sep 10 2008 	Nice and Cosy	Lovely hotel, in an excellent location. Vicarage gate is a lovely area full of beautiful antique shops. The hotel is located directly inbetween notting hill gate and kensington high street tube stations. Great for getting around central London. The victorian hotel is full of wonderful features, our room had wonderful high ceilings and a lovely antique dressing table. We had a balcony with our triple room, with great views over vicarage gate gardens. The bathroom was spotless with a great original victorian shower handle and head. The shower was really powerful waking us up in the morning, alongside a yummy breakfast with all the added extras such as cereals and yoghurts. Overall a wonderful stay and would definatly go again. Couldn't complain about anything, great place, great location, great stay.	
Sep 10 2008 	Nice B	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. It is located near 2 tube stops - Notting Hill and High Street Kensington. I used the High Street Kensington Stop (District/Circle Lines) and it was so easy to get to. There are numerous stores and eateries between the hotel and tube stop, which is great to stop at on the way home. The hotel can be easily accessed via Tube from Heathrow - Piccadilly line to Earl's Court, transfer to District/Circle, and then you're nearly there!The hotel is in a very quiet street of beautiful columned white buildings. Upon arrival, we were quickly greeted by the staff and given our room key. We were in room 6 - which was lucky and fantastic! It has a balcony! What a surprising treat! I think this is the only room with a balcony. Actually the room next door does have access to this balcony, but the seating area is cleary on the side of room 6. We had dinner on the balcony one night.The room consists of an armiore, vanity, and full sized bed, tv, luggage rack, and coat hooks. Do not go to London expecting a room to have a party in. It's comfortable but cozy. The bathroom is up-to-date with toilet, sink, and standing shower. Soap and shower caps are included, shampoo is not. Room does include a hair dryer. Hot breakfast is included in the rate, from like 7:30-9:00am. They ring a bell at 8:30 to remind you. breakfast was a choice of cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, tomato, juices, etc. They will cook to order, pretty much. It is my understanding that some rooms do not have a TV, but there is a tv room which I never saw in use, but I did venture in there for a look around and there is a pretty good collection of books to browse (both for reading, as well as travel books which I did find useful). The hotel also has a rack of brochures and maps useful for the london tourist.I feel that the neighborhood that this hotel in was very safe and I never questioned the walk from the Tube to the Hotel.I would recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Aug 14 2008 	Very peaceful	Chose the Vicarage from Tripadvisor website. Just returned from 10 night stay. Comfortable, great area (just 5 mins. from Kensington Palace), good transportation and very QUIET! Did not hear other guests at all, just met them at breakfast. Monica and Mandy very kindly held some luggage whilst I took a 5 day trip to France. Remember though, this very pretty house is really a B&amp;B rather than a hotel - no elevator, phones in rooms (there is a pay phone in the hall) a few extra toiletries in the bathrooms such as shampoo would be nice. A key is given for the front door and your room, so you can come and go freely. Would I return? Absolutely.	
Jun 24 2008	The Real London	We returned late last evening from London and I wanted to write a Vicarage Gate Hotel review while memory is clearest! First, let me say how lucky we were to stay in this entirely charming and quintessentially English b&amp;b. Having gone to university 27 years ago in London and not having been back for a visit for the past 20 years I was amazed by how London itself has changed. Crazy busy and rare that English is even spoken on the street! The food has become searingly good and the diversity of the population has made for a much more vibrant and exciting place overall.The Vicarage Gate is no exception to the above. What was noteworthy was the attention to details in the hotel. The rooms are beautifully clean -- starched white sheets, comfortable well chosen beds and mattresses (all too rare), gorgeous curtain fabrics and pastel walls, endless high ceilings, shining clean loo and shower. We were in a standard double--no TV or ensuite bathroom, and yes, you will need to be ambulatory, yet the walking up steps has it's rewards with amazing windows and views. This is the type of hotel that really wants you to be self-sufficient in most ways. There is a terrific morning breakfast (7-9am) and the staff is very kind, friendly and accomodating, but this is the place for tourists who like independence, who don't want to have to report on their daily activites to a receptionist. And though the management is quiet it is not non-present. We were meant to change rooms on our fourth night due to a previous booking and the manager tried everything possible to keep us in the same sort of room, which she did. Other travelers are easy to connect with, if you are looking for information and/or conversation. In short, it is a place where you are truly living in a lovely part of London, as a grown-up.We (my daughter and I) loved this hotel, a rare affordable find, which I had last stayed at roughly 25 years ago. It is more beautiful than ever. Thanks to all for a wonderful stay!	
Jun 21 2008 	Okay not what I had expected	I had very high expectations for this hotel. It was at the end of my family's Europe trip. I was expecting a warm and friendly B&amp;B style hotel. It was not. The rooms were fine. We had 2 triple rooms. One was on the first floor and was very nice. It had a private bath, balcony, a TV and was a spacious pretty room. The other was on the third floor and had none of the other amenities. It was a simple room. For the L36 difference in price, the rooms were enormously different. The shared bath was a problem in the morning. We ended up showering at night due to there was a wait in the morning. There is no lift, which I did not think would be a problem. The stairs are steep and many. And if you are walking from the High Kensington underground station, which is an uphill walk, the stairs can be a bit too much. Breakfast is served from 7:30 to 9:00. We needed to be out the door one morning between 7:30-7:45 so we went down for breakfast a little early. They were not happy we showed up at 7:25 for breakfast. They did serve us at 7:30. They do serve a hot breakfast which is nice. I also found it difficult to get help during the day. I knocked on the office door, rang the bell and went downstairs looking for help and found no one around. I was hoping to get some information on getting to the airport in the morning and to check our flight. I was unable to do so and figured it out on my own. If I had expected to be on my own and for the rooms to be so simple I would not have been so disappointed.	
Jun 5 2008 	Loved this place	My adult son and I stayed here. We had a room on the 1st floor with a bathroom. Our room had wonderful high ceilings and floor to ceiling doors that opened onto a balcony. Each day when we returned from our sightseeing it was wonderful to come back. The hotel is quiet, clean, and the staff is welcoming without being intrusive.We went to Paris for 2 days and the hotel there was so bleak, coming back to the Vicarage was like coming home. The breakfast was good and satisfying, it was nice to have real food, real table linens, quick and polite service. I loved this place and would go back in a heartbeat. The location is convenient to 2 tube stations. I'll be disappointed if I can't stay here again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Vicarage Hotel is a good bargain	The Vicarage is a clean, quiet, extremely basic hotel in a great area. Given other options in Kensington, it is also a decent deal.Having said that, with the single exception of the young woman who checked us out at the front end of our stay, who was darling, the staff is unhelpful and unfriendly. The second half of our stay, the surly young person who &quot;checked us in&quot; chucked the key at us and disappeared immediately, before I could tell her that we'd be checking out very early.The rest of the staff was just as bad - no smiles, surly service, etc. One guest asked for a taxi and was abruptly directed to a phone and phone book. Surly service at breakfast (I'm using &quot;surly&quot; at lot. It's just the perfect word!), surly housekeeping staff.I recommend it with caution.	
Mar 2 2008 	Ah the simple Ken	The Vicarage Hotel was a beautiful place to stay. Well worth the price. The managers were very flexible for my stay. We arrived in London at 1130 pm. They had someone stay awake and let us in even though they don't keep hours that late usually. Our room was beautiful, very quiet. We barely saw the other guests and never heard anyone. Our room was very clean and home-like. We were able to come and go as we pleased. The hotel was on a quiet street in a safe neighborhood. It is equally spaced between two Tube stations. Breakfast was very filling and delicious. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.	
Aug 23 2007 	I have often slept on this street before	We've stayed at the Vicarage twice now on our travels through London. Located on a quiet square just off Kensington High Street (and its tube station). Its close enough to be where you want to be to get quickly to the sights of London, and far enough away from the traffic to be back in Victorian England. I would imagine that Freddy Eynsford-Hill (from &quot;My Fair Lady&quot;) was singing &quot;On the Street Where You Live&quot; down Vicarage Court.The triple room is large and inviting looking over the street court with high ceilings and tall windows. The bath is just outside the door (never saw anyone else use it). The next time we stayed in a double, located in back. It was small and no view. We were there for a week in DecemberRemember, no elevator, just stairs. A full English breakfast on the bottom floor. No TV in the room, just one in the lounge downstairs.	
Aug 7 2007	You'd never find by chance.	Kensington; an historic, classy (the women!), part of London. I'd got the bus there, and wondered to the north of Kensington High St, expecting to find many hotels; but there were none. I asked a cabbie, who told me about the Vicarage - even so it was so discretely signed, that if you stood at the street end and looked, you wouldn't n see it.Property prices here mean that hotels and pubs, and other businesses, are being squeezed out,. The 'Vicarage Private Hotel' (to give it its full name) suvrives. But, for how much longer ? The only other hotel in the street closed this year. The Vicarage is the only small hotel remaining in this part of London. It is near two GREAT pubs; 'The Churchill' on Kensington Church St, and the Elephant and Castle (nearby). On a summer's night, sleep with your window open,the sounds of London drifting into your ears. Help keep this unique hotel open !	
Jul 5 2007 	three days there not a hotel poor service nice location plain place	The Vicarage is a mixed bag: good location, safe, quiet, nice breakfast, nice bathroom, acceptable, plain rooms. But I got a lot of&quot;no's&quot;, starting with the manager's telling me they &quot;don't do that&quot; kind of thing, such as calling for a taxi or anything else -- we ended up on the street trying to get one hauling our bags around on our departure morning. Our first night a light bulb popped and we hadno lights all night, and had been told no one was around after 8:30, so we had no lights except for one small one in the bathroom. The next day I was told a man stayed in the basement and he could have helped. The lights were fixed -- at least that's what we thought until we went to bed that night only to discover no lightbulbs in the lights over the beds for reading. I got the night man in the basement (three or four stories down) to have a look; he made severaltrips and never found light bulbs that would work, so for the second night I couldn't read. The next morning we missed breakfast (over at 9:00) by 15 minutes and I asked a manager if my kids (two teens) could have a bowl of cereal since it was still sitting out in the breakfast room. She said OK, but when I made the mistake of asking if they could also have a glass of juice, I was told &quot;no&quot; by a kitchen worker, that my kids only had permission for cereal!!! I ran upstairs to find the manager having a look at one of the lights and standing on my bedsheets and pillow case in her street shoes. I told her I thought it was very rude that my children couldn't even get a glass of juice when we missed breakfast in the first place because wewere up so late trying to fix lights in the room for the second night in a row!! Later I asked a housekeeper to please change the sheets on one bed because someone had been walking on it in her street shoes and I was told no, the sheets wouldn't be changed until the next day. For some reason, the housekeeper came back to change the sheets later, and the manager apologized about the juice, saying the kitchen worker &quot;didn't know&quot; that she should have accommodated us. The Vicarage is a decent value, but I wasn't very happy, and I think the musty odor of the place suggests a carpet replacement is in order.	
May 9 2007 	Fabulous value	I was delighted with the Vicarage. The location is superb - in the heart of a lovely, quiet neighborhood, within easy walking to major tube lines, Kensington Palace gardens, and wonderful shopping. The staff are wonderful; they went out of their way to accomodate my needs. (I came and went in patches in order to facilitate my daughter's wedding.) The hotel is clean, old, charming, and friendly. I often chose to spend a few extra hours enjoying the quiet there rather than push to see and do everything possible in London. Tremendous value for the money!	
May 1 2007 	Beautiful place	My sister and I stayed at this beautiful B and B for 2 nights in April. We received wonderful service, a great English breakfast and good directions on where to exchange money, how to catch the tube or a bus, and where to eat our dinner. There was quaint room, very comfortable beds and very quiet. I would stay there again in a heart beat and suggest the hotel to friends.	
Jan 14 2007	Perfect location great price	Two of us stayed at the Vicarage over Christmas and New Year's. Unbelievable location and incredible value. Residential street with Kensington Palace/Hyde Park on one side and Notting Hill/Kensington High Street neighbourhoods on the other. Very little traffic noise. We found 5 well-priced, tasty restaurants all within 15 minutes walk of the hotel, from Indian to American-style steak place. Lots of good shopping within walking distance. Less than 10 minutes walk in either direction to two separate tube lines. Very quiet, spotless facilities, with professional staff. Efficiently run. No nonsense. There were three toilets and a shower and a separate bathtub (long and deep, with lots of hot water) near our room, so no waiting ever. Windows open for fresh air. Sheets and pillows comfy, mattresses firm. Breakfast has lots of choice, good quality, service is prompt and efficient. Tons of storage in room--armoir and two chests of drawers. Full tea and coffee fixings in room. TV room with books and magazines. Can't recommend it highly enough.	
May 6 2006	Difficult to say the least	Booking a room at the Vicarage is truly a ridiculous process: - they don't take credit cards (uhhh....what?) - they insist you pay the first night up front (you can pay for more nights up front if you wish) - they only take personal checks for the deposit if you book 2+ months in advance (don't get to the bank very often?) - otherwise you have to send travelers checks or some similarly ridiculous thing by mail (super, I can arrange that, and it's cheap too!)Oh and if your at all late they give your room away. Nice.	
May 2 2006	Still Waiting for Peter Pan....	Really, I waited for Peter Pan to come in at night, with the tall windows and ceilings, older furniture, heavy curtains and Victorian feel and decor of the room, the pretty little bacony, this 50 yr old felt like the Wendy-lady. Anyways, to business - advantages of first floor, room 5 which had a big double and a single bed with bath and tv: size of the room - very big especially with what - 20 foot ceilings well-lit by two sweet little chandeliers plus more modern lighting on the wall; would have gladly walked off with the big armoire and triple-mirror vanity table; very clean, well-equipped bathroom (2 hair dryers!) - I love English tubs, they're narrow but long and deep, I could practically float in it and very powerful rain showerhead for shower lovers; pretty breakfast room and very substantial breakfast; just the sheer character of the place; its quietness, both in and outside; excellent transport links; wonderful area for antique hunters and some good little restaurants. On the average side: yep, maybe furnishings are showing wear but given this is a small owner-run property - cut it some slack. I've been in 4-star London hotels that had the nerve to charge more for rooms the size of a coat closet with less amenities. Staff were business-like, also to be expected from a small (and from what we observed, quite busy) hotel. Other advantages, the freedom to let ourselves in and out without any fuss; proximity of Hyde Park and Kensington Palace for a pleasant walk and or tea in the Orangery - the Peter Pan playground there was an absolute thrill for young'uns we saw (even I wanted to get on Hook's ship), and take a little something for the squirrels in Kensington garden, they'll take it right from your hand (but they turn up their little noses at peanuts) not to mention Royal Albert Hall and nearby museums. Would I stay here again? My travelling companion, on her first trip ever outside of Canada gave an unqualified yes. So would I. I'll add pictures later. My final rating - 3.5 out of 5.	
Oct 30 2005	Have Recommended 	My mother, daughter, &amp; I spent 10 nights at the Vicarage Hotel in April. We stayed in a quad room with a bathroom. There was more than enough room for the three of us. Although many listings say there are not tvs in the room, we had a tv and hot drink station (tea, instant coffee, &amp; hot chocolate) in our room. The staff were very helpful and provided us with what every we requested. The breakfast was very filling and good. There were enough possible combinations for breakfast that it was different almost every morning. It was also conveniently located between the High Street Kensington &amp; Notting Hill tube stations.We have already recommended it to family &amp; friends and would love to stay there again. A few reviews of the Vicarage Hotel have been posted erroneously under the Vandon House hotel on TripAdvisor. Please check there for more positive reviews.	
Oct 18 2005	Least favorite place on trip	My husband and I were very much looking forward to the Vicarage, largely from looking at their website, and the 85 stairs from breakfast room to 4th floor didn't worry us. We were excited about the friendly staff and the good value for a double room ($150 in late Sept. '05). However, as it turned out, the staff was neither friendly nor unfriendly, just nonexistent until you went to pay your bill (or at breakfast). We had a double room which was fairly large, but the bedspread was stained, pillow covers had several holes in them and the carpet was worn and appeared dirty. There was not much possibility of spending time in the room to relax anyway, since the room was filled with two beds, a night-table, a chest of drawers and an armoire. The photos on Vicarage's website make the place look quite attractive in a Victorian style, but in the flesh, it's a bit dismal-looking. A trifling example is: none of the dried flower arrangements appeared to have been touched in years so they're covered with dust. The bathroom shower on our floor hardly drained at all so during one's shower, water would be creeping up around one's calves, and not very clean water either. My husband and I enjoy staying at places where the bathroom is down the hall, don't mind stairs, and don't expect 4-star elegance at all. But, we have stayed in hostels in many countries, New Zealand being one, for maybe $30-$40 that had appreciably friendlier and more helpful staff and where the places seemed better looked after. In fact, every place we stayed in on this trip to London, Oxford, Bath and Paris made the Vicarage look worse by comparison. I would not recommend this place and will definitely not return.	
Sep 26 2005	A lovely inn and charming neighborhood	My daughter, traveling companion, and I stayed at the Vicarage the first week of August. Since this inn was highlighted by both Tripadvisor and Rick Steves, we felt secure in our choice, and were not disappointed. The inn is located in a charming neighborhood where we felt very safe walking at just about any time of day or night. We opted for the ensuite and found it to be very clean at all times. Our triple room was on the second floor, furnished tastefully, and also had a charming balcony that looked out over the street. Although we slept with the transom window opened each night, there was little to no car or pedestrian noise.Breakfasts were very good and had the usual choice of eggs, etc. Service was very prompt and courteous. If I had to find fault, I would say that the innkeeper seemed a bit rushed. Although she courteously answered our questions regarding sites, I got the impression she had a lot to do and wanted to end the conversation as quickly as possible. Perhaps there was some sort of staffing shortage, although no other level of service seemed lacking.All in all, I would definitely recommend the quaint inn to travelers staying any length of time. I truly felt like we enjoyed the best London had to offer at the Vicarage.	
Sep 18 2005	Great base for our weekend in London	The Vicarage Hotel was a great starting point for our first trip to England. We stayed in London for the weekend of our honeymoon, and this hotel was a nice, quiet place to return to after a day of sightseeing. The hotel is located on a quiet side street, about half way between the Notting Hill and High Street Kensington Tube stations, and was convenient to shops and restaurants.Our room was on the 1st floor, at the end of the main hall, and featured en suite lavatory and shower. We expected a small room, so we weren't disappointed by its cozy size. We were pleasently surprised by the good water pressure in the shower; there's nothing like a nice, hot, powerful shower at the end of a long day. If you prefer bed &amp; breakfasts to more traditional (and sterile) hotels, the Vicarage Hotel is a wonderful place to stay while in London.	
Sep 9 2005	Home away from home	We were looking for affordable but pleasant accomodations in London for our family of four which we found at the Vicarage. The hotel is a typical 3-4 story townhouse in a quiet residential neighboorhood near kensington park.There were restaurants, small shops, and a bus which ran all night long just one block away. We picked this neighboorhood as I wanted our family to feel safe away from the big city train stations. The neighboorhood felt safe but was only about 15 minutes away from any sight in London with a 1 GBP bus ticket. Another option is to take the 1 GBP tube to the other side of town to avoid the traffic during the day.The Vicarage provided a quad room with sink and shared toilet/shower in hallway for 102 GBP ($183) a night. Our room had a double bed and two single beds and was comfortable with a homey feel and very clean. The room was was on the third floor without an elevator but was not an issue for us. There were rooms on the first and second floors if the stairs would be a problem. The hotel had rooms with showers but we opted for the less expensive shared bath option. We never saw anyone else in the shared bath as there were only two other rooms on the floor.We were served a very nice hot breakfast prepared fresh for us which included eggs, sausage, tomatoe, toast, jam, coffee, and juice. Overall we were pleased with our choice and would come back again.	
Jun 8 2005	Very pleasant inn in a great location	My stay at the Vicarage Hotel was great. The location of the inn is fabulous - located in the shopping district near Kensington as well as Notting Hill. About a 5 minute walk from 2 Tube stops. Rooms and bathrooms were clean, the price was great, and the breakfast every morning was ample and good. Staff was courteous and helpful - went above and beyond the call of duty to accommodate me when I had to stay a few extra days due a stolen passport. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a nice B&amp;B experience in the London area.	
Nov 29 2004	High Marks to the Vicarage	I am a single traveler and have recently returned from a trip to London where I stayed at the Vicarage for the eighth time in the past ten years. The ambience and the location of the hotel are superb. Personally I have found the double room (without private shower) to be more suitable than a single room as the single room leaves one feeling almost claustrophobic - a shared trait among many London hotels. Not having a television in the rooms is actually a plus. You don't need to be concerened that someone in the next room will have fallen asleep at 3 a.m., with the TV volume turned up to high, thereby depriving you of precious sleep. The TV room, as others have pointed out, needs to be freshened up. The furniture is worn out beyond repair. Several of the people who congregated in the TV room one evening remarked that since there were no televisions in their rooms, the guests would be best served if the management invested in some type of satelite feed so that there were more viewing options in the TV lounge. It is my experience though that the TV room is often used primarily as an area for socialization rather than for actually watching TV. With more and more hotels and pubs in London opting for no smoking, hopefully, the complaints about smoking in the television room will soon be a thing of the past. The English Breakfast the staff of the Vicarage serves each morning is superb. The rooms are clean and in the eight times I've stayed at the hotel I have never had to wait to use a shower or rest room. As noted, if you are not opposed to staying in a hotel where there are no elevators and stair climbing is your only option, then the Vicarage is a good value for the money. The neighborhood around the hotel is safe. You have a post office and laundromat within a 5 minute walk of the hotel and are close to several Underground stations. For my money the Vicarage is the first and only option I would consider on any future trip to London.	
Nov 23 2004	ComfortableClean Affordable	My mom and I just returned from a two week stint in the British Isles and used Trip Advisor rated locations to great success. We liked the Vicarage- it was clean, comfortable, safe and professionally managed. The accomodations, as others have said, were not luxurious- slightly too worn bed spreads and older wallpaper- but they served our purposes nicely. The location is excellent- sandwiched between both the High Street Kensington and Notting Hill tube stations- and close to Kensington Palace.	
Nov 9 2004	The stairs are a killer	Stayed a week in October 2004. The accommodations are comfortable, but far from luxurious. The rates are great. It's clean. But if you're not up to climbing and descending five flights of stairs each time you go to or leave your room, make sure you're not on the top floor!	
Jul 20 2004	Well Worth The Money!	Stayed here for three nights on the recommendation of the information found in the Rick Steves London travel guide. Located in the Kensington, Notting Hill area. Close to the Tube and bus lines. Shopping and restaurants galore. Harrods is a 5 minute bus ride away. Chose an en suite room for my son and I. Plenty of room for two. Staff was great. Very centrally located. Two great pubs-Churchhill Arms and Old Swan nearby. Lots of parks around for walking or jogging. Very clean and very quiet. Will stay here again should the occasion arise.	
May 10 2004	worth the effort	A good hotel in a quiet area - with prices in London a rip-off this place is value for money. It is clean, quiet , shared showers and toilets but no problem with waiting - but its a long haul up the stairs - I had the top floor room. Good service and I was able to check in early and leave my luggage all day when I checked out.The furniture is old but the bed was comfortable.The only real gripe is that smoking is allowed in the shared tv room - makes it too smelly to put up with.But I'd definitely stay again - I've stayed in more expensive hotels and didn't get a lot more for what I paid.	
Mar 22 2004	Great location and affordable	I got this recommendation from Rick Steeve's book and was pleasantly surprised with the location, convenience to the tube and accomodations. The hotel is located between the Notting Hill and Kensington High Street tube stations. It's in a nice quiet culdesac with minimal traffic noise, and walking distance to Portobello Road. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate and the rooms and shared bathroom/shower was very clean and maintained. It was also nice that they provided a tea kettle, tea, and hot cocoa in the room. As with most small hotels, there was no &quot;lift&quot; so if you are on the top floor, get ready to hoist your luggage about 5 flights of stairs.	
Mar 16 2004	Wonderful	Beautiful old victorian home, high ceilings, wonderful furnishings, very clean. Will most definately stay here again. Gracious hosts and full English breakfast too boot. Highly recommend.	
Jan 30 2004	Excellent value - excellent location!	My husband and two young daughters stayed here at the end of September 2003. This place has a lot going for it. Incredible location (Nottingham tube is one block one way, Kensington is just a couple of blocks another way), it's extremely quiet, and you get amazing value for London. The stairs ARE killers, and we were on the 4th floor in a quad. (They call it the 3rd floor over there). That's okay, my husband and I are in good shape, but we made absolutely sure we had everything we needed before we'd leave our room for a day of sightseeing. Huge groan if we'd get to the lobby and realize our camera was still in our room. Speaking of the lobby, that is a little bothersome that they allow smoking in the tv room right off the lobby. I don't smoke, but I'm not a huge anti-smoking snob either. The tv room was 12 x 12 and circulation came from a window cracked 1/2 an inch. Bathrooms were down the hall, but not once did we have to wait. I've seen comments about the staff, and all I can say about that is - &quot;What staff?&quot; We checked in and met a person in the office, but other than that time it was difficult to come across anybody who appeared to work there. (Excluding breakfast time). We weren't asking for anyone, so maybe somebody would have crawled out of a corner if we had called out in the lobby, I don't know. The rooms were quite clean, as were the bathrooms. I thought the size of the room was ample. We were traveling with another couple staying in a hotel in London who had to check out immediately because their room was so small they both couldn't have their suitcases open at the same time. Space is limited in London hotels, so I felt like our room was palatial in comparison. The only warning I'll have to sound is: They are in the middle of a big remodel and it sounds like a lot of their rooms are having bathrooms put in. I have a hunch that this bargain hotel might not be quite the bargain when the remodel is over. Bottom line: If you don't need a lot of fawning over you by hotel staff and you want a great location, a clean, safe, quiet, comfortable place, I don't think you can beat this one in London. (For the price).	
Jan 29 2004	A nice place in a quiet location	My wife and I stayed at the Vicarage Hotel in January of 2003. A portion of the B&amp;B was being renovated to make more rooms en suite. Everyone connected with the renovation was very courteous. The breakfast staff was pleasant. The location was excellent. The local pub Churchills was great, and in the other direction you find the Kensington shopping area and Tube station. The immediate area is residential and quiet. Be in shape for the long climb if you take a shared bathroom on the fourth floor. Wed definitely consider a return.	
Aug 16 2003	Good B	Our family of four (wife and I, two teenage boys) stayed here in a quad room for three nights in June 2002. The location is good, near the tube, with lots of shopping and restaurants nearby, and on a quiet street. Our room was small, with a double and two twin beds, and a boudoir, dresser, table, two chairs, and a wash basin. The carpet was old, worn and stained. It was good for sleeping, but not a place you'd go back to relax in. The bathrooms (down the hall) were clean and we had no problem accessing them. The breakfast was wonderful. But if you want an elevator, forget it, and you'll be sharing TV and phone, so if you need these a lot, this may not be the place for you. I found the staff business-like, but not overly friendly. I'd probably stay here again if I only needed a double room, but the quad room seemed a little crammed.	
Feb 11 2003	The Vicarage Hotel is an outstanding value	I have stayed at the Vicarage Hotel five or six times and each time was excellent. The full English breakfasts are outstanding and the rooms are stocked with antiques. You must share the TV room on the first floor and showers and bath rooms. There are no TVs nor phones in the individual rooms. There is no elevator to assist in luggage transport. The staff are very friendly, responsive. They take no credit cards nor US dollars, except for the reservation prepayment. It is a very lovely place and I will stay there again and again. It is close to the Kensington High tube entrance. There are a number of excellent restaurants and a super Internet Cafe within walking distance.	
Feb 17 2002	Excellent Affordable Friendly	Over the past decade, I've stayed at this bed and breakfast hotel four times. The rooms are always very spacious and super clean and comfortable. I've never had one of the ensuite rooms, but have also never had a problem with waiting to use the bathrooms or showers on any floor. The proprietors are very kind and courteous and interested in making sure that you enjoy your stay. Breakfast is fit for a king! Hotel is located in a quiet and very safe neighborhood within easy walking distance of the tube station. Excellent shopping is available nearby and Kensington Palace and Gardens is just around the block.	
Feb 1 2009 	Avis mitigé		
