Nov 25 2009 	Warm and welcoming	I have had the pleasure to stay at The Gore Hotel, several times now. I normally stayed in a wonderful room. personally a little on the small size, on our last visit we paid $60 extra a night and stayed in a Luxury room, it is worth the extra, as the room are slightly bigger. The only bad thing is the carpets they look like they have seen better days.Other than the restaurant staff who can be hit or miss all the staff are extremely friendly. The one thing that makes The Gore Hotel, so special and the reason we keep going back is the concierge (Trevor) he can never do enough, his warm welcome makes us feel like we are coming home. He is a real professional, who not only knows his job, he does it so well with pride and care for all the guest.The location is great for the museum, Harrods and Hyde Park just across the road. Please do not miss the bar with its wooden panel and great staff, even thou a little pricy its worth it.	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely ambiance	We came here at midnight having checked out of the most dismal place in Kensington. We stayed in Miss Fanny's room, it was warm, plush, comfortable, great bed. quirky, bathroom, great staff, wonderful breakfast. overall good value for money and we would return if staying in London.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent !	I stayed at the gore a couple of times for work purposes and always had an excellent welcoming and good advice on my &quot;Concierge&quot; requests.It is a very pleasant hotel to be in when you are travelling as &quot;a female&quot; by yourself.I loved the rooms especially the bathroom of the one I stayed in .... Very english! Very exotic for me !!!Try the Gore! It is central, pleasant and you must love it !!!	
Nov 9 2009 	Nice enough food poor staff	Booked afternoon tea at The Gore. Staff lost the booking, poured hot tea over my leg, served sandwiches other than those on the menu which had obviously been made some time previously and then complained when we didn't leave a tip. But cakes were good.	
Oct 20 2009 	Traditional and charming British hotel near Kensington Gardens	The hotel was perfect for our trip to London. It felt like staying in a private English club. The staff and Trevor were so friendly and helpful in giving advice and recommendations. We loved the buffet breakfast and cozy guest lounge and especially being so close to Hyde Park and Knightsbridge. It was lovely coming back after a long day of sightseeing to the quiet refuge of the Gore. Glad we weren't staying in the more touristy areas. Also enjoyed two great neighborhood restaurants, Zaika and Clarke's.	
Oct 17 2009 	A real hidden gem...absolutely loved it!	Having stayed in some of the more traditional 5 star hotels in London, I'd never heard of the Gore when my friend booked it for a weekend away.From the moment we arrived, the staff really couldn't have done enough to make us feel welcome. There was no parking spaces available outside (it was late Saturday evening) so the security man actually moved his car so I could park directly outside (saving me a fortune and a 15 minute walk!)Our room was small but perfectly formed! Every detail was finished to a really high standard and the shower gel was the nicest I've ever used (we actually went to Harrods the next day to buy it!). The bar in the hotel was obviously very popular (if not a little loud!) but the hotel also has a lovely little snug / louge area with complimentary coffee / tea and soft drinks (and lovely home made cookies!)We didn't eat in the restaurant but the breakfast was fab...we could have stayed all day!I'd definitely stay again - far nicer than both the Savoy and the Intercontinental!	
Oct 12 2009 	A great hotel with a great welcome and fabulous location"	My wife and I recently stayed at the Gore Hotel and were delighted with the quality of welcome and attention to detail on the part of the staff. We had dinner in the restaurant and the choice and quality of food was as good as any standalone restaurant I have eaten at in London – not always the case for hotel food. My wife and I agreed that the continental breakfast was certainly the best we have had (and I spend 100 days plus per annum in hotels!). I would thoroughly recommend the hotel for couples looking for something special or a business visitor to London looking for something different to the run of Intercontinental or Hiltons. It is certainly a place to regard as being a London home/base, more like a private club than a hotel and we will certainly visit again soon.	
Oct 11 2009 	Total luxury - sheer perfection	Myself and The Wife booked in to The Gore for our wedding anniversary - we were attending a local event during the day and felt it was the perfect location and style of hotel to celebrate the occasion - it didn't disappoint, quite the opposite in fact. I had phoned ahead to check the parking arrangements and the concierge, a lovely guy named Trevor asked me as to what time we would be arriving. When we arrived, he was actually looking out for parking spaces for us and had literally reserved one for us! It was free to park on the Sunday, he then advised us to pay for however long we needed there and then for the Monday morning. This was £3 per hour - perfectly reasonable considering the location. Checking-in was a breeze, the lady could not have been more friendly and helpful, our room wasn't quite ready (we were an hour early) so we were shown into a sumptuous Victorian reading room, where we were offered complimentary tea, coffee, soft drinks and snacks - perfect. Ten minutes later our room was ready, although we were quite comfortable where we were! Trevor took our bags into an amazing old-fashioned lift (one of the earliest of its kind according to Trevor) and up we went to the third floor. On entering our 'deluxe' room our jaws literally hit the floor. A magnificent four-poster bed and glorious decadent sofa and coffee table, but combined with modern features such as flat screen TV and DVD player. The bathroom was exquisite - fully tiled with incredible 'throne' style toilet and luxury deep bath, with a shower if you preferred. We didn't want to leave the room. Eventually we did and when we returned, our pillows had been fluffed up and our bed sheets folded back, with a small box of luxury chocolates (delightful) and a welcome note on our bedside table, along with a lavender spray which was designed to be sprayed onto your pillow to sooth and help you sleep. We slept soundly and had pre-ordered breakfast to be delivered to our room, along with the morning papers. It arrived bang on time, and was as good as we had expected. Fantastic coffee, home made museli, eggs cooked to perfection, what a way to start the day. On leaving, checking out was as simple as could be, and we dragged ourselves kicking and screaming back to the car, away from the sheer decadence of the experience, and back to the real world. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this incredible hotel, and will most certainly be heading back there in the future.	
Sep 30 2009 	Not as good as was - is the recession biting?	We have stayed at the Gore on a number of ocassions and on the whole support the glowing reviews on Tripadvisor. However our latest stay was a big dissappointment. The level of service, attention to detail and quality of shampoos etc in the rooms were much lower than we expect. The hotel has the overall feel of one suffering from the economic downturn and therefore trying to cut costs whilst at the same time keeping room rates fairly high. The most dissapointing aspect of our stay was the level of service at the bar after we returned from an evening event. It was just after midnight and we were told by a rather rude waiter that we could not order coffee or tea as the machine had been turned off. The only way to get hot drinks was to order room service but this could not be delivered to the bar. On previous visits the Gore has always been a good venue for a post dinner drink with good music and a great atmosphere. Not this stay. By just after twelve the music was off and the staff were cleaning tables around us and turning up the lights. Not a wonderful experience, there are better hotels working a lot harder for our money in London at the moment.	
Sep 28 2009 	Lovely hotel good location	The first room we were shown at this hotel was small, but still nice and had a great bathroom - but before we unpacked, the concierge, who had helped us to the room with our bags, called to say he was moving us to a (much) upgraded room since it was our anniversary. The new room was huge, with an entryway, a large closet, a four poster bed, huge windows, a couch, etc. The attached bath was also large and beautiful. The hotel is in an older building and has been nicely remodeled, keeping its charm. One downside is we could sometimes hear noise from other rooms and from the street. The location is across from Kensington Gardens, not far from the Glocester Tube Station.	
Aug 31 2009 	Simply indulging...	Myself and a friend stayed at the gore for only 1 night, which was a last minute booking. However, the staff were very attentive, helpful &amp; friendly. After a long drive from up north, the reception staff were quick and efficient in dealing with the check in. We intially checked in to the deluxe room, which was lovely, but my friend decided she wanted to upgrade. The reception staff were ever so helpful, and showed us the Judy Garland room, which was absolutely fantastic, and so we decided to stay here instead! Spacious room, with a lovely bathroom, and amazing amounts of character.The bar downstairs was convenient, as was the lobby/library area for visitors, which had complimentary drinks for hotel guests. The next morning, breakfast was delivered to our room, which was fabulous!The best thing about The Gore is the character and feel the place has. Is a little pricey, but well worth it! Highly reccommended!	
Aug 25 2009 	Superb business and leisure location	I now make a point of staying in The Gore on all of my visits to London and have unhesitatingly recommended it to all of my business contacts all of whom have been equally delighted by the quality of service, location and superb facilities. Centrally located with discrete and welcoming reception areas The Gore is an ideal location for business meetings and receptions.	
Aug 18 2009	A little gem but not for everyone.	I went to London with my mother and sister. I had found out about the Gore through a website and after looking at numerous hotel decided to go with the Gore. It was what I thought it was going to be. Very cozy and warm. The staff is really attentive and welcoming. Any question we had they were more the helpful. The rooms were a little tight but I knew when I was booking them that they were not going to be that large. The showers were amazing, water pressure is a big thing for me. The only thing is that the hotel is a little off the beaten path. It is like a ten minute walk to get to a restaurant if you are having dinner around there or to the tube station. It didn't really bother me but if you want to be in the middle of everything this is not that place. I think if this had been my first trip to London I would want to be more in the mix, but this is a nice place if you want a quieter trip. Also we ate at the restaurant one night, it was very good as were the breakfasts. Overall a very enjoyable place.	
Aug 9 2009 	Nothing less than exquisite	Many things in a modern city as London leave much to be desired - mediocre quality services and products packaged as high quality ones. Such prentiousness inevitably feels unsatisfactorily hollow. The Gore Hotel is not one of those places. It is an oasis of opulence and luxury, a vestige of Victorian splendour and British quirkiness, a perfect combination of decadence and comfort. It is sublime.Big enough to have an imposing presence yet boutique enough to ensure a feeling of individuality (as opposed to the factories that are many other luxury hotels in London), we were delighted with our week's stay here and cannot wait to return.	
Jul 30 2009 	Memorable Experience	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Gore to celebrate our anniversary and it was a truly memorable experience. We stayed in the Dame Nellie Suite which was furnished in a calm but sensual way. It is not a large room but what it lacks in size, it makes up for in opulence. The staff were very helpful especially Trevor who deserves special mention for his efficient and attentive service. Our champagne sipping in Cinderella's Carriage was a treat but we were very disappointed by our anniversary dinner in the Bistro which was poor. This aside, we had an amazing time at The Gore and we will heartily recommend it to all who savour luxury and slight eccentricity.	
Jul 22 2009 	Luxurious hotel with excellent staff	Just back from a weekend at The Gore and we will definitely be back. Staff were really friendly and helpful but not overbearing and very happy to help with any questions. Rooms were gorgeous, very clean and relaxing and the beds were very very comfortable. There was a lovely atmosphere at The Gore and lots of special little touches (fresh flowers, green room, etc). The hotel is very central for sights and shopping and I would highly recommend it.	
Jul 14 2009 	A great slice of London	Just resturned from a six night stay at the Gore. Was to have stayed at the Pelham, just a few blocks away, but the Pelham overbooked, so put us up here. Very nice and friendly staff. Acomodations very victorian overall, although one of our rooms was the Tudor suite - dark wood, sofa and largge tv. We were very pleased. The concierges couldnot have been more helpful - gave us great advise and helped us out in all ways. The loacation is suberb, just down the street from Kensington gardens (runners anyone??) and the natural history museum in the other direction. Our room was cleaned well everyday, in spite of having four kids in tow, the staff never complained or treated them poorly. Always enough towels and shampoo, soap. We ate lunch in their restaurant - excellant but on the pricey side. The bar is very well stocked and interesting. The green room has soda, coffee and tea at all times, nice for an early evening stop. Overall, we were very pleased with our accomodations - great location - close to several tubes, restaurants, palace, museums, very safe location and excellant service. We would highly recommend.	
Jun 23 2009 	Lovely hotel but very expensive!	I stayed in this hotel for one night last week, we had an event at the Natural History Museum so this was close by. Staff were very attentive, reception friendly enough and efficient. The location was good and ideal for our needs, if you want a pretty quiet location then this is ideal, I dont think its that centrally located though.The room I had was one of the bog standard ones on 2nd floor (right opposite the Judy Garland Room!!) really small room with a very big four poster bed which in my opinion took up too much room. The room was fine, bathroom was very nice and had some nice little products and a lovely shower :) Breakfast next morning was nice, if a little slow service but good all the same. Amazing cocktails in the bar but very pricey! I only had one as it was on our company!!I didn't pay for the room so have no complaints, but if i had i think you can probably get nicer rooms for the price which are more centrally located.	
Jun 21 2009 	A fantastic hotel with great staff in a great location	I have recently stayed at The Gore Hotel and have to say how delighted i was with stay.The staff were nice and polite and the Hotel Manager was extremely proffesional and courteous - she even asked us how our stay was when we were checking out. The room was immaculately presented and the location you just can't beat - right in the heart of Kensington and within walking distance to all the well know attractions. I will definitely be recommending The Gore and all its helpful staff to my friends.Keep up the good work!	
Jun 19 2009 	"We've found our home away from home"	Having spent a weekend at the Gore recently I can safely say I have found a home away from home in London. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and The Gore is up there with the best of them and better in many respects. The location in Kensington could not be better on the beautiful wide boulevard of Queens Gate, a stone's throw from Hyde Park and the Royal Albert Hall with bus, tube and taxi's on the doorstep.From the moment we checked in the extremely friendly staff made us feel at home and comfortable, taking the time to remember our names and chat to us each time we entered or left the hotel. The Gore is not a large corporate hotel and is all the better for it. The decor is warm and welcoming and oozes history and tradition. The bar is subtly lit with lots of nooks and cranny's ideal for a quiet drink or chat. We had dinner in the restaurant one night and it was surprisingly reasonable considering the very high quality of the food. We declined the breakfast in bed as I wanted to go back to the restaurant to enjoy the atmosphere, great service and huge choice that was available.We stayed in the Miss Ada room which came complete with four poster bed and &quot;Throne&quot; in the bathroom. The room was very large, furnished with beautiful antiques but also had all the mod cons I've come to expect. The wifi worked great which is often a problem in hotels and the rain shower was very relaxing after a long day of sightseeing. A hand written personalized welcoming note in the room was another nice touch. The bed was huge and comfortable giving me the most peaceful night's sleep I've had in a long time.The Gore is located in the heart of Kensington, within a few minutes walk from, Hyde park, Kensington High Street, Kensington Palace, Royal Albert Hall, Harrods and Knightsbridge. We walked to most places while we were there but the jolly concierge was always on hand to hail a taxi if need be. (He also opened doors, carried shopping and had an encyclopedic knowledge of London)The Gore is a great base to see London but next time I go I may just visit the Gore. I could easily spend a few days in my new home away from home, reading a book in the study, having lunch in the dining room and sipping a drink in the bar and being spoiled be the wonderful staff.I'll be back, Soon!	
Jun 17 2009 	Amazing Hotel	Went wknd 13th June 09 for a hen party-Hotel staff were so friendly and wanted to do everything to help.Dinner was delicious and our wine was always topped up. Hotel rooms are stunning, 4 poster beds and everything.Would highly recommend	
Jun 8 2009	They overcharged my at the bar and although agreed still did not refund!	the title says it all! I spoke with the reception and the manager three times. the three times they apologised and told me this is unacceptable and that they would take immediate actions.... but still did not do anything.... Will not set a foot in this palce again!	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice boutique hotel with some surprises...	My husband and I stayed at The Gore for three nights in May. The first two nights were fantastic. The hotel is situated in beautiful Kensington, close to the park. The service is extremely attentive, the hotel has a lot of character and the rooms are very nice for London. The surprise came on the third night. Our room was above the entrance to the hotel and the bar. The Gore's bar has a private banquet/party hall and it was utilized on this third night. The celebration went on both in and outside the hotel (in the street) well past the closing hour of 3 a.m. The noise from the patrons was excessive and beyond the scope of the night supervisor's ability to control. It was well past 4 a.m. when the street finally got quiet. I would recommend the Gore with caution - it attracts a loud crowd at night.	
May 21 2009 	"Outstanding"	Lived in london for years, returned for a short break and found this beauty on the internet. From the moment we arrived we knew we were somewhere special. From friendly check-in to our really quirky room to the great cocktail bar we had a phenomenal experience. Will use the Gore again, reminded me of everything good about London.	
May 13 2009	Shabby Treatment Shabby First Room	We booked the Gore Hotel through Expedia. We had heard good things about the place: spacious rooms, historic location, etc. When we arrived jet-lagged, we were shown a twin-bedded room that was hardly larger than a closet, with a view of an air shaft. We were told all the twin-bedded rooms were like that. We were exhausted, but determined not to stay in that room. We were told that the larger rooms would cost more (first 50 pounds, then cut to 25 pounds more a night).We saw three more rooms until we took room 203. It had a queen bed. The room was clean, but had no chest of drawers and housekeeping was stingy with toiletries. Not until the fourth day of our four-day stay did we get shampoo. There were double spigots in the bathroom sink, so we had cold water or scalding hot water. The mirrors were dark, set high and inconvenient for makeup.The bar was dark, shabby and amateurish. They didn't know cachaca from tequila.The breakfast was excellent. The sheets, robes and pillows were fine.With such a geat location, they should fix the problems and not insult new guests with the worst room.We would not return because the management was more interested in an extra 100 pounds than in gaining devoted return clients.	
Apr 15 2009 	perfect	Incredibly romantic, rich textures and four poster, could not have been more perfect	
Mar 20 2009 	Maintaining standards in tough times	As a long time visitor to this hotel, its great to see improvements especially in tough financial times. The location in Kensington is really convenient but still quiet and peaceful. The rooms have always been charming but the recent changes in the bistro has brought a breath of fresh air. The staff are excellent - professional but personable without being intrusive. A real home from home, more relaxed than the usual business hotels and a place that is great to come back to in the evenings. Its a model case in providing that bit extra to set yourself apart fromthe crowd.	
Mar 18 2009 	Terribly Noisy	We stayed at The Gore last weekend for my boyfriend's birthday. Although I cannot fault the hotel itself, there was a private party that went on until 4am with extrmely loud music during our stay. The bar shuts at 1am, but there is another room that can be hired out for private parties and that does not close until 2:30am. You don't expect to be woken up by a disco going on downstairs when you are paying these prices!	
Mar 4 2009 	Fabulous location for visting the Royal Albert Hall	Firstly the ONLY negative about this hotel, on returning home we found that the hotel had not only taken the £180 room fee from my partners card but an additional £230 for security. We were not warned about this and it could of been quite embarrassing in Tesco if we did not have sufficient funds in the account, upon phoning the hotel we discovered that this is standard practice and will be returned back to the account in 10days should they not find any fault with your room. They were very helpful and sent a fax to the bank to advise that they had no intention of keeping this additional payment...but it was inconvenient and rather annoying. On to the many goods bits....I stayed here for 1 night in early february as a belated birthday gift from my partner, we had booked to see Cirque du Soleil at the Royal Albert Hall, as this was my first visit to London a particular concern was getting around and about therefore I wanted a hotel close to the theatre. After searching dozens of hotels we decided on the Gore as it looked a little different. Upon arriving in London via train the tube/walking journey to the Gore seemed to take a lifetime, however after doing the journey a few times, the nearest tube is approx 10mins walk. As Im sure many of you are, I am an avid shopper and after hitting Oxford Street we were running very late for the show, a quick freshen up &amp; change of clothes left us with 15-minutes to get seated....needless to say I was a little panicked! The stress was over when I was told to simply turn left out of the main door and follow the road for a couple of steps. As we turned the corner the Royal Albert Hall rose infront of us, a very impressie sight!! After the show was over it was a great relief to only have a few paces back to the hotel as it was freezing! All in all we had a wonderful stay the staff were extremely polite, I was really pleased with the room - however my partner thought a tad small for the price (but as I said to him you are paying for the postcode!) I would return to the Gore in a heartbeat if I was visiting the Royal Albert Hall again.	
Jan 20 2009 	Nice but flawed	The Gore is a very charming hotel with really friendly staff. I'm docking it a couple of stars because:1. The restaurant was poor2. The Wifi didn't work3. I wasn't happy with the locationWith respect to the last point, it's in a nice neighborhood but it's a hike to the nearest subway. a 12-15 minute walk may not sound like much, but it can be rough in winter, especially when you're doing it 4 times a day. And there's not much in the way of shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity.	
Jan 9 2009	Gored at the Gore	My wife and I travel to Europe quite often and are use to being in small hotel rooms but room 103 at the Gore Hotel was absurd. I am a retired Detective from a major American city and I would have been ashamed to put two prisoners in that room. There wasn't even one drawer to use to unpack our suitcases or any space for the suitcases except under the bed. All this aside,I love my wife and can't be close enough to her even if forced,but combine the room size to the fact that it was directly above the very busy Pub where intoxicated patrons were shouting all night and employees were dumping bottles,trash,hosing the alley yelling,laughing with no consideration for guests made it impossible to sleep even after our overnight flight. Exhausted we asked for a different room the next four nights and then it became obvious why they use room 103. Other rooms were available but it would be an additional 50 lbs per night. We agreeed because we were exhausted. This hotel truly represents Master of the House from Les miserables.	
Dec 13 2008 	Fantastic hotel very attentive staff	Stayed here with my husband booked for me as a surprise. Excellent friendly staff. Lovely spacious room and the breakfast nicest Eggs Benedict in London. Loved the bar too. Had a couple of entertainers very lively. Couldnt fault this hotel. Nice &amp; small and very personal unlike big chains with 100's of rooms. We will return...which says it all really.....	
Dec 9 2008 	overated and rude	I stayed at the Gore with my boyfriend who was in London on business. We were in the only room with a &quot;balcony&quot; - which was actually quite small - the room itself was very small which common in London. However, our room was directly over the bar which hosted a party that night, even though it was a week day. Guests of the hotel were not notified of this event, which included very loud and very bad techno music until past two a.m. When I called the front desk to complain of the noise I was told that the noise would be ending soon in about fifteen minutes- I called a total of three times and was told the same thing three times and it was not until I physically went down to the front desk two hours later that I saw it was in fact a party and wouldnt be ending anytime soon. This hotel seems to place priority on its bar sales than its paying hotel guest. It was a sleepless night and we were not given any form of apology or consolation. For the price and reputation of this hotel, I was very disappointed and would never return.	
Dec 7 2008 	good in parts	I was looking forward to staying at The Gore.It started quite well; the bar was welcoming and comfortable, the room was luxurious, the reception friendly and luggage taken to the room.Dinner in the restaurant was fine once the crowd going to the Albert Hall had left. My tip would be to book for rather later than the pre-show crowd.There was however a problem sleeping with the amount of noise from the street. The main problem was that the window didn't close properly and was made bareable in the middle of the night by jamming pieces of cardboard into the closing mechanisms. The prebooked breakfast in the bedroom didn't arrive and only came after more than half an hour and two telephone calls. I learnt on checkout that the chef was an hour late in to work! I was left with litte time to get to my business meeting.I was contacted afterwards to see if I had enjoyed my stay, said I had some problems and was promised that a senior manager from the hotel would contact me. They didn't.	
Nov 20 2008 	Excellent boutique hotel - loved the Miss Ada room...	Stayed 14/Nov-16/NovTook my girlfriend away for a special treat and it did not disappoint. Our stay was a real pleasure from start to finish. Our deluxe room, Miss Ada, was simply stunning. 4 poster bed, long velvet drapes, old-style wooden bathroom - highlight being the throne toilet!! . A real treat to stay in...The hotel is rather unique - really is unlike any other hotel i have ever stayed in. I liked the information on the hotel that was inclosed in every room...the hotel realy does have some history. A nice change to stay somewhere with so much character compared to your bog-standard big chain.The staff also deserve special mention. Concierge in particular were v helpful...nothing was to much trouble. Excellent location as well...right by Hyde Park so perfect for a romantic stroll in the park.! All in all a wonderful boutique hotel - lovely area, the Albert Hall is practically on your doorstep and the delights of Kensington and Knightsbridge, Harrods et al are a 10 min walk away. We shall definitiely be returning and look fwd to trying one of the other deluxe rooms. Highly recommended.	
Nov 18 2008 	First Class	My boss regular stays at the Gore because he is so delighted with it, so when I was in London on business I jumped at the chance to see what it was that makes him book it time and time again. From the moment we arrived it was like being transported to another world - a world of understated luxury, good manners and class. I have to admit that I have only stayed in 4* hotels a few times before and so do not have vast amounts to compare the Gore to, but from my limited experience it is easily the best. There is so much to look at in the hotel - the walls are covered in paintings and portraits, and there are vast hoardes of books to read both in the Green Room (where complimentary tea and coffee is served) and in each room.We were staying in one of the feature rooms - Dame Nelllie - and it was superb, with an excellent seating area, plenty of wardrobes (important for us ladies) and a beautiful bath, perfect for relaxing with a glass of champagne as a real treat.The bar was another highlight; we were waited on hand and foot, and although busy, there were places to sit and it was not so noisy that you couldn't hold a conversation, and the drinks menu is superb, with an array of wines to suit every pallette (and budget!). The bistro was also lovely - we had both dinner and breakfast in there which was actually very reaonably priced. I am vegetarian, and there were plenty of options of me, whilst my boyfriend took great pleasure in tucking into a steak for dinner, cooked exactly as he likes it, and a full english for breakfast, with all the trimmings including black pudding.But the thing that really sets this hotel apart is the staffs' efforts to really get to know their clients. We were only there for one night and the staff made the effort to remember our names. Concierge came and introduced themselves to us and offered to help us in any way they could. All staff traded pleasantries with us whenever we saw them. I think the size of the hotel (50 rooms) ensures that staff are able to keep themselves informed about all guests.If I really searched for them, I could come up with a couple of negatives, for example, our room was slightly on the warm side, but I would be being very pernickity! We will DEFINATELY be staying at the Gore again, but for us, it would be for a real treat - it was such a wonderful experience that we would not want to dampen the feeling of luxury by going too often!	
Nov 17 2008 	great hotel	Great hotel with a good location. Staff very good and attentive. Excellent bar. One of my favourite London hotels. Not one of the big chains- very unique	
Nov 5 2008	Old World Charm in a Perfect Location	This is the real thing. An elegant, old-world style hotel with excellent service. The location is perfect, close to Hyde Park, shopping and some of the best museums in London. Gorgeous neighborhood. Great walking. The bistro and bar included in the property are perfect. I would definitely return.	
Oct 27 2008 	Fantastic stay helpful and attentive staffbeautiful Boutique hotel.	Stayed here for one night for our wedding anniversary in October. I really cannot believe what some of the other trip advisor reviewers have written about this lovely boutique hotel. On arrival the staff were very helpful, the first room we were given was on the 4th floor and was of a good size with lovely decor. Unfortunately the Tv had a problem and we were immediatley upgraded to the Miss Ada suite on the 2nd Floor. WOW what a room. Lovely 4 Poster bed with beautiful furnishings. Bathroom was amazing ( please look at photo of the Loo!).  Had dinner in the restaurant which was also of a very high standard, obviously all the aloof staff had been sacked as I found no aloofness here!If you are not into &quot;wood ,books and history&quot; and boutique charm go and stay in a travelodge, much more up your street.	
Sep 27 2008 	Charm and frustrations	I am a bit late writing this review so please note that.I stayed at the Gore with two friends. He had a room on the first floor in the front of the hotel. A dark short hallway with bath on the left into the bedroom space with big windows opening to a terrace. He enjoyed the room but complained of the music from the bar on both Friday and Saturday nights.We had a room on the third floor in the back of the hotel. It was small and could have qualified as charming. Unfortunately it was very very worn. We also had problems with the bathroom. Every shower led to a flood.The hotel is an older place.. charming in some ways, frustrating in others. The lift was tiny and not always available. The rooms that we had were definitely tired. Lots of wood and books and history. Not too many modern conveniences.On the other hand, we loved the bar and we loved the restaurant.The location was a good one, although getting a taxi was always a challenge.I can't recommend the hotel but i also won't recommend against it. It all depends on your tastes.	
Jul 31 2008 	Lot of Character and Great Location	Stayed at the Gore for a weekend to go to the Proms. Fantastic location for getting to the Albert Hall. Loved the character of the hotel - very special and our room was really nice. It was on the second floor at the front - looking at some of the reviews there is obviously a lot of variance between rooms. Service at Reception was very friendly - although it is worth checking the bill. Mine was incorrect as they charged for a dinner that was included in our room rate, but it was all sorted out. Food in the restaurant was good - we ate there both nights. Service in the restaurant OK, the bar staff are a bit snooty and could do with being a little friendlier. All in all very pleased and would definitely stay there again	
Jul 13 2008 	Gore? It's only a miracle there wasn't any bloodshed...	Originally planned as a first romantic meeting, we sourced this hotel on a Mr and Mrs Smith recommendation.I booked directly in the hope of taking advantage of any special offers..as at £315 per night I was expecting something more intimate and special than your bog standard 4/5* hotel.Sadly I was disappointed that, after arranging a 4 poster room, I was given something that was more 2 1/2 poster. I had requested the Dame Melba or the Judy Garland. I'm not sure I got that...The decor was somewhere between Jane Austen and Ikea, with some great period features accompanied by plastic white plug sockets and light switches, some potentially iffy MDF and a carpet that was laid in the 1970s, not the 1870s...On the first night we drank in the bar and found the staff to be quite aloof.This carried on through to the bistro, where granted we were wearing jeans (not the done thing allegedly), where some staff were helpful and others made us feel like they wished either they were somewhere else or we were somewhere else...The food was nice as was the wine, but it had delusions of grandeur that didn't match the room...we were left confused as to the hotel's purpose and whom its target market was...The final elements were around the bill and the general facilities. The mini bar was only half stocked, of which we were then charged for an item we never had in the first place. We were also very nearly charged £30 + 12.5% service for drinks we never had. Had we not reviewed the bill and gone for an express check out option, then we might never had picked it up...I wouldn't recommend a stay here other than for the ease of location. I have stayed at some much better hotels for less and got a whole lot more...I appreciate the hotel is in a rich part of the Smoke, however what I didn't anticipate was getting burned....	
Jul 11 2008 	Ideal for albert hall	The Gore is a wonderful place to stay if u want to get away from standard mass market properties &amp; enjoy some real character.Our room &amp; bathroom were small ( not by Parisian standards) but adequate &amp; as another reviewer commented rather dark due to wall colour BUT - we liked it.Free wifi,good towels &amp; linen &amp; my wife always likes robes.Double glazing was exellent.It is a really good location &amp; if going to the Albert Hall you can eat in the Bistro before or after the concert, also very handy for the park &amp; Kensington.However its the best part of £200 a night so in future i will return to The Vicarage Hotel in Kensington Church Street which sadly was full on this occassion. Its not as grand but half the price &amp; with an excellent breakfast included.Breakfast at the Gore was also fantastic but added £30 to the bill for 2.We did not dine in the Bistro or use the bar this time althouh we have previously enjoyed both as non resident customers - yes drinks are a bit pricey but thats what u would expect in a smart bar in central london. Bistro is very competitive on food.	
Jul 3 2008	Not 4 Star--Only 3 Star	We stayed here for 2 nights in June 2008. This was our first stay at the Gore. The location of the hotel was excellent-- right in front of Hyde Park and near the Victoria and Albert, the Natural History and Science Museums and within walking distance of Harrods (10-15 minutes). The free wireless was also an added benefit and the staff was friendly and polite. The bathroom was modern and bright (although the mirror was awkwardly located because of the lay of the wall) and they had the necessary amenities like a safe, hair dryer and iron and ironing board. But I would rate this hotel only to be 3 star, very distant from a true 4 star hotel. While the room was clean, we found the room to be rather small and depressing in color and poorly located at the topmost floor. The room was over priced even at the lowest internet rate available. I thought I would try the Gore because of the reviews on tripadvisor. Aside from the rather depressing color of the room and the fact that it was on the top top floor and was accessed by elevator then by stairs, the hot water took some time to come out of the shower which required wasting a lot of water. It took so long that I worried there was no hot water available. The hotel was rather niggardly in their soap allocation. The television was very small--smaller than my computer monitor, although the same was a flat tv as stated on their website--but a small flat tv. If the rate of the hotel had been GBP 90-100.00 I would have considered this average value but at the rate of GBP 179 (+ VAT) it was poor value.	
Jun 24 2008	absolutely loved The Gore	We stayed at The Gore for 3 nights in May 2008. It was a first class experience from beginning to end, from the beautiful bedroom with the four poster bed to the delicious cuisine. The staff were very hospitable and the history of the hotel is quite unique. All in all, a very memorable stay and we highly recommend this beautiful hotel.	
Jun 22 2008 	appalling waiters at the Bistro	We`only came to the Gore as it was recommended by the concierge at our hotel as doing good food after the show. The Bistro is in a fairly small room with wooden floors and wooden furniture. Consequently the noise level was extremely high.There was also music playing in the background, but the melody was drowned out and all you could hear was the boom of the bass line. The waiters had great difficulty speaking English and were unwilling to communicate above a whisper. They wanted you to buy a whole bottle of wine, even though my husband asked them specifically for wine by the glass. The food was good, but pretentiously presented, i.e a terrine in a glass pot with a lid, which made it difficult to extract.. The bread was nice, although we had to ask for butter. As the room is so small the waiters had difficulty moving between tables without banging into the chairs where customers were seated, which became very annoying by the end of the evening. Although the food was good, there were too many things wrong with the Bistro to let me recommend it.	
Jun 20 2008 	Perfect location	We stayed at The Gore for just one night before going to the Royal Albert Hall for the Gershwin. What a difference from the usual mass-produced plastic London experience!Lovely room,lovely dinner! Our only quibble was with the &quot;boil in the bag&quot; kippers at breakfast time. Maybe that is just jealousy because everyone else's breakfast looked much better.Good value booked through the hotel website although the price of drinks is astronomical.	
Jun 12 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	My family (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Gore for 3 nights in early April 2008 and enjoyed the stay. While the room was cramped (one double bed with a pull out sofa -- the worst pull-out sofa ever! and completely not doable with teens), the pleasant staff, beautiful hotel and great neighborhood more than made up for it. After all, we were only in the room to sleep. Right off of Kensington Park and a short walk from take away breakfasts and lunches, I would stay there again. If your primary attraction to a hotel is a spacious room, don't go to the Gore. But if your primary goal is to feel like you are staying at a hotel in England, go to the Gore.	
Jun 11 2008 	Wonderfully romantic	We stayed here on our engagement night and it absolutely perfect! We stayed in the Venus/Judy Garland room and it was just perfect for the two of us. Trevor, the Head Concierge, had help to arrange the secret engagement arrangements, which included horse riding in Hyde Park, afternoon tea at The Dorchester, a private capsule on the London Eye and a chauffeur to take us to all these spots. He also made sure there was champagne, flowers and &quot;our music&quot; in the room when we arrived. So, in short, our stay here was close to heaven and we would definately recommend The Gore to some one seeking to surprise their partner!	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Great Location with some very special rooms, second time stayed there. Both ocassions excellent. 190 Bar a buzzing night spot with some excellent cocktails. Friendly and efficient staff. Would recommend this Hotel if you are looking for a excellent location and weekend to remember.	
May 21 2008 	Excellent!!!	Excellent location and outstanding service! The owner is very charming and helpful, got excellent advice and recommendations from the Chief Concierge, who went out of his way to make restaurant reservations and more.. Most enjoyable stay!!	
May 9 2008 	Loved The Gore	It was my wife's 50th Birthday and decided 3 nights in London fitted the bill. We stayed in one of the Gore's feature rooms with it's period designs and Artwork. The room was spotlessly clean and spacious.This hotel with its 50 rooms has a homely feel and the staff were always friendly and curteousThe food was excellent and it is situated in a suberb location only 100 metres from the Queens Gate to Kensington Palace Gardens and 400 metres from the Royal Albert HallWe will most certainly be returning	
May 3 2008 	This isnt a 5 Star Hotel	We checked into the Gore Hotel for a 3 day stay. The first room allocated to us was dark and dingy, I suppose the broken blind didnt help. The bath tap leaked and was torturous during the night. The following day I asked to be moved to another room. While the next room looked much better and felt cleaner, we discovered some time in the early hours of the morning that there was a leak in the celling and it dripped onto the floor.Maybe somebody doesn't like me very much to put me through this tortous stay, however whatever the case this has to be the worst hotel I have stayed at in London as far as rooms go.On a slightly positive note I found the staff friendly and helpful.I would not recommend this hotel unless perhaps you decide to stay in one of the suites which I assume should be better. Avoid it at all costs unless your absolutely desperate or you really want to experience 18th century london living.	
Apr 21 2008 	LOVED THE GORE	My husband and I stayed at The Gore 18th -20th April in a 'wonderful double' room which had a 4 poster bed (requested at time of booking) Room and facilities were excellent. Very clean, warm and romantically cosey. Staff very professional and friendly. We paid £175 per night and this included breakfast (which was varied and delicious). I checked many other sites for this hotel as reviews were good, but found that contacting the hotel directly gave me the best deal and I was guarenteed the 4 poster!Whilst there, we asked to see The Tudor Room, which although was beautiful, my husband and I felt it was quite a 'dark' room and didnt do the huge 4 poster bed justice making the room appear much smaller than shown on the hotel website. We also felt in comparison to our room the Tudor room was a little over priced.The hotel itself is beautiful, full of character and we would love to stay again. However, we would try a themed room next time.	
Mar 25 2008 	Overpriced and overrated	Firstly the reception staff are the slowest I've ever known. They also advised that I should have booked directly through the hotel to get the best rate and room. I explained that I would have, however, the hotel's website said there was no availability and when I tried to phone the hotel directly, no one answered the phone (on 2 occasions), so I was forced to book through a travel company.The best bit was the bar, which was lively and excellent cocktails.Rooms were quirky, although ours was very hot and all the windows were painted shut!The shower was a non existing dribble and was seldom ever hot!For the money we shelled out for a duluxe room however, I would have much rather stayed somewhere else. I will not be returning and certainly wouldn't recommend!	
Feb 15 2008 	Valentines Evening	Despite some less than inspiring reviews, we found the atmosphere, staff and room very pleasing, if not possibly overpriced marginally.That said the 5 course meal was superb and the bar pleasantly crowded.For a special treat, a perfect venue.	
Feb 3 2008 	Excellent Hotel	HiWe have just got back from a weekend in London staying at the Gore Hotel, what can i say, it was excellent in every way, the staff were second to none, the food melted in our mouths and the room that we stayed in was wonderful, it was one of the theme rooms with a four poster bed that had velvet drapes, the bathroom was a total experience in its self with old type brass fittings and a real throne for a toilet, the library on the ground floor had tea and coffee available at all times with snacks and fruit replenished frequently, we found it to be a very relaxing room, it was our silver wedding anniversary and we were made to feel very special, we would recommend this hotel and definately you get what you pay for	
Jan 4 2008 	Disappointing for the price	I had a funny little room with no storage space apart from a silly corner cupboard. I am a business traveller so had a lot of trouble hanging my suits! No broadband connection either which was surprising considering what I paid.An all round disappointment. I won't stay here again.	
Jan 4 2008	Nice Hotel but..	Booked via the hotel web site for a two night stay to do some Christmas shopping and a concert at the Albert Hall which is just around the corner. Received a booking confirmation by email of £149 per room per night inc full breakfast. The room was good though not to big, but acceptable all clean etc, etc, though there was a good layer of dust on the high parts of the bed headboard.On our morning of departure our bill showed what appeared to be added the cost of 2 breakfasts for the first day, so I queried this with reception. When I went back the bill still did not seem to be correct. I was expecting 2 x £149 plus other drinks charges which were correct (though I thought their service charges on every item were high). I was told that the additional difference was because we had taken English breakfast and not Continental, when I produced the email confirmation that stated FULL breakfast did the receptionist agree my point.Disliked the music in the bar though, it was a bit to loud to have a conversation and put us of staying longer, this could have just been the choice of the staff at the time, but after all it was not a night club.We would stay again if only for convenience of the Albert Hall but would be careful of the points made here. There is a Great Western just opposite which looked OK so might be tempted on that next time.	
Nov 24 2007 	exceeded expectations	What a delight! to actually visit a British hotel and have your expectations exceeded! ( we actually live in London and have stayed in many UK /London hotels) They are usually disappointing/impersonal and overpriced!..We stayed here as it was so close to the Royal Albert Hall ( literally a stones throw!) where we took in a concert( Berverley Knight..which was amazing by the way!!!)Location..right in Kensington..easy walk to natural history Museum/Albert memorial. Harrods/Harvey nics..easy 15 min walkRoom..lovely, cosy, red velvet, hand carved bed, hidden bathroom complete with Aveda products, balcony....all great!( and this was their lowest category room..I guess the others are super fab!)Reception..very pleasant /helpful staff and particularly good concierge..bar..very cool..all panelling and leather..good Saturday night atmosphere with funky DJ ( drinks..expensive)Restaurant...average..the only let down really. Tables far too crammed in, food very average at dinner..eat elsewhere. Breakfast surprisingly good but may as well have been sitting on the couple next to us' lap!!!!All in all I would recommend this place for a romantic break and a taste of a real quirky British boutique hotel. I felt it was good value at £169 incl b fast .Compared to the same old chain hotels this is a refreshing change. Try it ..i think you will love it!!!!	
Oct 21 2007 	Top class and memorable.	The Gore Hotel is set in a wonderful location, Queen's Gate, Kensington and is within a hundred yards of the wonderful Kensington Gardens and the Royal Albert Hall. It comprises of probably 20 rooms (six or so being themed), an exquisite lounge/library, a superb bar and a atmospheric bistro. Our party had booked one themed room - The Tudor Room and one ordinary room. Neither were cheap - the former about £300 and the latter just over £200 (excluding breakfast) but both were quite wonderful. The Tudor Room had a four poster, a huge seating area, a fabulous bathroom with a magnicent old style shower part of a Victorian style bath and whose head was huge and put to shame the modern equivalents. It also amazingly contained its very own minstrel gallery but regrettable there were no musicians to perform!! It was a wonderful atmospheric room and one we will never forget and must rank as one of the best bedrooms in London to stay in for somewhere that is both different and luxurious.Not probably suitable for busy business people or those on a budget but very appropriate for those visiting London who want somewhere special and very English !!The non-themed room was large and set at the front of the hotel and had its own balcony that gave access to views over Queens Gate. The staff at the hotel were friendly,highly professional and very efficient. We loved sitting in the library lounge, where complimentary tea/coffee/soft drinks were always available and the hotel bar was really special with a great atmosphere. We ate at the bistro on one night and found it to be a good atmosphere and the food to be perfectly acceptable but not exceptional.Without doubt it is the nicest hotel we have stayed at in London and so different from those supposedly luxurious chains where one feels one is part of a cast of thousands. Here you are an individual, have your own space, your own luxury and within five minutes can find youselves in Kensington Gardens or the Victoria and Albert Museuem and within about ten to fifteen can be walking down Knightsbridge or be in Harrods.	
Oct 18 2007 	Lovely boutique hotel	This is a cool hotel. Our room was comfortable and rather grand, with antique furniture and a four poster bed. The bathroom was lovely and the staff very charming. It also has a great bar. The imperfections were (i) the distance from a tube stop and (ii) I pre-ordered some champagne, which did not arrive, but the luses definitely outweigh the minuses. BTW - this is very close to the Royal Albert Hall so definitely consider it if you ar staying in London for that reason.	
Aug 26 2007 	Lovely hotel poor service	Stayed here August bank holiday weekend. Green room, bar and bistro all very ornate and pleasant looking. Room was gorgeous dark reds, sweeping drapes and an adorable bathroom. However saw one of the smaller doubles and definetely not worth £160+. Service though really lets this hotel down. Credit card was charged on checking in even though i was told it wouldn't be and i was charged twice for the second night on checking out! Bar staff aloof and uninterseted, doorman acted like a nightclub bouncer on our way back into the hotel on the Saturday eve and requests for tea and coffee were ignored. Would i stay again? Probably not. Is it worth £200+? Only if you do not mind poor service.	
May 28 2007 	Still charming	The rooms, if you stay in one of the larger ones, are magnificent. Furnished in period style with stunning drapes and curtains. Check in staff and porters are charming and efficient. The place has a lively and very well stocked bar which, again, is extremely efficiently run and there is a more than adequate restaurant. Breakfast is particularly good. If the run-of-the-mill £250 a night modern London hotels leave you cold, this is for you. And it is in a lovely part of central London.	
Feb 13 2007 	Stylish and elegant with exceptional service	As a seasoned business traveller, I was delighted by the atmosphere of the hotel. Service is exceptional. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was well appointed and spacious, with period furniture, quite a change from sterile business hotels. High point was the bar manager offering to deliver drinks to the quiet table in the restaurant when the bar was busy. Will visit again.	
Feb 5 2007 	Lovely theme hotel in good location	Spent a few days at the Venus Room at the Gore after having read so many great reviews on trip advisor and would highly recommend it.Room: Beautiful Room with dark walls, red silk curtains, stained glass windows and lovely sitting area with couch and arm chair. Unfortuantely, the bed is probably a double, maybe a queen so it is not that big. We asked to have a peak at a few more rooms, and found that most beds seemed to be on the smallish size so if this is a problem for you then you should check directly about the beds. Also, the Venus room is a little dark but many of the other rooms had large windows so it depends.An even nicer room was the Tudor Room. While the Venus was a good size, the Tudor was very large with beautiful panelling, fire place, and concealed bathroom.Bathroom: Kept to the theme and the tiles were decorative. Water pressure and temperature good but a tiny bit musty with no air extractor. On the plus side, the best bathroom amenities ever, with loads of Aveda products.Restaurant and Bar: didn't actually use them but they were both attractive areas.Location: virtually across from Kensington Gardens and Royal Albert Hall and walking distance from Harrods. This is what we wanted so we were very happy with location.Service: Not fantastic to be honest, but good enough for what we were after. The front desk person was hooked up to a computer so could print up maps of places we were interested in getting to but that was about it. I was not really aware of room service on offer (I don't think there was any room service). Also, the general sitting room for the guests was not all that nice. The hotel is really about their themed rooms. As mentioned above, we saw some additional rooms which were quite interesting and the hotel staff said that they were converting more rooms into themed rooms.Overall, we liked the novelty of the room and would probably stay and try another themed room in the same hotel in future.	
Sep 30 2006 	A Must Stay in London	First time in I stayed at the Gore Hotel, and what a find. Rooms were superb, like being in Victorian Times. Our room the Venus room, never seen a room like it, stained glass windows. Would never have thought a room in London was like this.A Must if you stay in london, superb location mins from the tube station and staff very helpful, great.A tip for other travellers, if you get a taxi to the airport do not use a black cab, we paid over £40.00 but hotel gets it cheaper with a local firm.	
Jul 24 2006 	The best hotel in the West End	We stayed as a family of 4 for three night. Both the children and the adults were delighted by the rooms. The price (travelzoo rates) was probably the best you could get for this class (GBP 100 per rroom per night). Free WIFI and very good table, smallish but delightful rooms. Staff very helpful. Extremely convenient for the Science Museums.	
Jun 15 2006 	not worth the money you can get far better!	Just got back from london and was disgusted with this hotel.. I stay in London on average 3 times a month and know my hotels, i decided to try this one out as from the brochure is looked great, however once inside i realised that is was rough underneath, the reception had a great shiner to start with! the reception desk and definetly seen better days. Got the lift to the roon it was in the attic on top floor and it was boiling and i mean boiling.. i only had 10 min turn around before i had to get out but at first glance the room was ok, stain on carpet and was very small for £200 limited tv chanels and no freebies in bathroom not even a shower cap! came back at 11pm, the room had got hotter so tried AC this failed.. i started to panic and called reception to be moved they said was full but could provide a fan.. whoopie.. it arrived.. the noisest fan in the world and barely made a difference.. stood it till 12.30 and could not breath, promptly dressed and packed and told them that i was moving hotels and not to charge me, and walked across the road the Fab AC!only upside is clean bedding, this is NOT worth the money, i will be going back to the Bently Keplinski fantastic rooms,service, AC,Jucussi bath and very very very clean.. and for the same price!	
Mar 8 2006	Fab romantic getaway	We decided to celebrate our aniversary by parking the kids with grandma and treating ourselves to a night away. I'd seen a review of The Gore in one of the weekend newspapers &amp; thought we'd give it a go. It was just wonderful! We stayed in The Venus Room which was just amazing with almost black walls, dark red silk drapes and black silk around the bed. This might sound a bit tacky, but it's not, it just feels incredibly intimate &amp; magical. Goregeous big, comfy bed with snowy white bedlinen &amp; no footboard, which my rather tall husband appreciated. I wasn't wild about the bathroom (come on guys, a double ended bath would be so much better) but lots of lovely Aveda toiletries made up for that.Add to that really friendy, smiley staff, a leisurely breakfast, a location that's about 2 minutes from Kensington Gardens which is great for a relaxing stroll and I've found a totally fab romantic getaway.	
Oct 4 2005	Quirky Pre-Boutique London	I have stayed at the Gore twice - once for an extended stay and more recently, for a short visit. The facilities and staff are exceptional for London hotels in this price range and you really feel like a resident of a hotel in a different time - one in which personalized service was stressed. The rooms are very small and undergoing refurbishment. The prices are quite high but not crazy and there are many lesser rooms in London in this range and the hotel's bar and restaurant are both above par. If a quirky, small hotel is what you're after, The Gore is a good choice. If you prefer modern luxury or minimalism, stay somewhere else. Do not however ask them to book you a cab...the cab drivers they use a ring of thieves.	
Oct 4 2005	Shabby chic. No just shabby.	I stayed at the height of the tourist season and the Gore decided to decorate. Why then ?.The room was ok although there was no radio and the tv was bed-sit quality. The residents lounge was closed for a meeting at 23.00 !!. The staff were excellent and its only saving grace.Look elsewhere for a bit more quality.	
Mar 30 2005	Save your money and go somewhere decent!	Opted for this hotel last year due to its close proximity to the Albert Hall. Upon arrival, we were immediately struck by the musty smell and dark reception. The lift took an age to get to the 3rd floor and, when we arrived, the corridor had the feel of a 1970's seaside guest house, complete with Anaglypta wallpaper and soft carpets.Our room was small and looked out onto the main road. There was no air conditioning and the room was so hot that you needed the window open to get any air - only problem was, it didn't open much. This meant that you were treated to the sound of traffic and sirens all night, whilst still stiflingly hot. Coupled with this was the fact that there was an obviously jetlagged businessman in the room next door who had his TV on all night meaning that we got no sleep at all. By 3.30am I was feeling pretty cheesed off!We opted not to have breakfast there, going to the local Starbucks instead. Do yourself a favour - and don't bother.	
Jan 7 2005	Very disappointing		
Jan 4 2005	Nice but not that Nice.		
Dec 11 2004	Third and last trip to the Gore		
Nov 4 2004	Beautiful Hotel but has some issues!!!!!		
Jun 10 2004	Overpriced		
May 19 2004	Not impressed		
Jan 4 2004	It was wonderful!		
Jan 4 2004	The Gore: acceptable but four stars?		
Dec 8 2003	Nothing wrong but nothing right either.		
Jun 18 2003	Understated and Classy in Kensington		
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic!		
May 5 2008 	Fantástico		
