Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic Stay the best serviced apartment in london!	Its not our first time at Cheval Apartments, we always choose Thorney Court, Palace Gate whenever we stay for more than 3weeks (since its the minimum requirement) and by far its the most enjoyable time we have in london.. Hydepark is across the street, you get a stunning view of the park and kensington high street is a short walk away. The location is just perfect!The furniture is very english and cozy, it makes you feel that you are HOME! seriously, you dont feel that this apartment is rental, its your temp home which is what i love about Cheval Apartments. The kitchen has the best top brands appliances with fine china.The only thing i dislike about this place is their minimum stay policy of 21days!	
Mar 3 2009 	High quality serviced apartments for a family stay in London	The Cheval Apartments are a very high quality option for families wishing to stay in London. Our family stayed for one week in a Montpelier Mews 2 bedroom apartment. The apartment was very comfortable - well furnished, clean, well heated and with all necessary (Miele) appliances. The bedrooms are on the small side but there is lots of storage space including a walk-in robe in the master bedroom, so suitcases can be stowed. The two bathrooms are good sized, with strong power showers over the baths. We were travelling with a 4 month old baby and Cheval provided (at no cost) a host of baby items including cot with linen, baby bath, change mat and high chair. The location is truly &quot;awesome&quot; - just round the corner from Harrods/Knightsbridge tube and with lots of restaurants and grocery stores on the doorstep. Service from the housekeeping and concierge teams was outstanding - minor problems (eg microwave breakdown) were resolved within minutes and airport transfers were arranged at reasonable cost. Cheval Apartments are not a budget option, however, these are very good quality apartments with amenities equivalent to a 5-star hotel.There is major building work going on in a building next door to the apartments - there is some construction noise and dust during the day, only really noticeable if you open the windows or use the balcony - not really an issue for February.One watch-out: in addition to paying rent upfront, you must also pay a significant deposit of 1,000 GBP to cover dilapidation, items going missing etc. This deposit is returned (by bank transfer) only after a full inventory of the apartment has been carried out after departure.	
Apr 13 2008	Fantastic location	Our work team stayed there for 2 weeks having flown in from New Zealand. We had a 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment in the Mews which afforded a private patio and garden. The mews townhouses are all located within a locked compound area (very tastefully designed and full of trees). Only 10 mins walk from Hyde Park, across the road from one of London's best butchers (I'm told Jamie Oliver gets his meat there!) 100 metres from Harrods and less than 30 sec to the local pub (try the pork scratchings with a cold ale!) The rooms were all modern, fantastic kitchen facilities and large lounge area. They had wireless, so we were all able to access internet. I would recommend it again in a heat beat. In fact, our team are going back there next month. Hopefully this time we won't have to watch the All Blacks being beaten by the French!	
Feb 3 2007	Comfortable fantastic location	This company oversees several properties...we stayed at their Cheval Apartments in Cheval Place for 3 weeks in the summer of 2006. Two bedrooms (one double, one very small single), 2 baths (one en suite, other with walk-in shower), small kitchen (with washer/dryer), livingroom/dining room. Pluses: the location (around the corner from Harrods, short walk to Hyde Park, lots of restaurants (great Indian across the road), shops, tube station (Knightsbridge); yet being off the main street, our flat was pretty quiet and had a nice outdoor patio; good value for money as compared to hotel prices; excellent helpful staff...minuses: no elevator, no air conditioning (rented a unit for that odd week when it was really warm in London!), cable tv was extra; no lobby. We have also stayed at another Cheval property, Thorney Court, fancier (and more expensive, with 22 day minimum stay) flats closer to Kensington High Street which we would also thoroughly recommend.	
Jan 26 2007	A home away from home; highly recommended	We stayed at the Cheval Apartments (serviced hotel) the first two weeks of Jan. 07. The property company also owns Phoenix House in Sloane Square where we stayed in Nov/Dec. 06. We had a two bedroom townhome located within a gated courtyard on Montpelier Mews around the corner from Harrods. The two storey townhome was newly built, about 1000 sq. ft.; has two full bathrooms plus a small powder room in the main entrance and decorated in a neutral, contemporary style. The kitchen had granite counter tops and Miele appliances. We also had a patio area/small yard which we didn't use because of the cool weather. The property and the service we received were outstanding!!! They installed baby gates for us and loaned us a highchair at no extra charge. The propery grounds were decorated in a modern Asian style and beautifully maintained. My only negative comment is that the water pressure in the ensuite bathroom shower varied day to day but the other bathroom shower was fine. The location was better than Sloane Square- Harrods is around the corner i.e. a one minute walk, along with grocery stores (Sainbury, Harrods Food Hall and separate food shop on Brompton Rd, M&amp;S), restaurants and fast food type places e.g. Pret a Manger and McDonalds are around the corner, all of the high street shops are along Brompton Rd. Harvey Nicols is down the street. The V&amp;A, Natural History and Science Museums are a 5 minute walk from the hotel. I highly recommend this location because it's more central and for the same price as Phoenix House we had 2 bedroom house vs a two bedroom apartment. This location is the best especially if you have kids. The property company is called Cheval Group- check out their website for other locations around London but we'll be returning to Cheval next time we're in the London!	
