Nov 22 2009 	close this place down...it defies the "Trade Descriptions Act"	Dirty, smelly, unhygenic, broken, unsafe....the worst place I have had the misfortune to stay in. Do not stay at this hotel(?). The list of things that are wrong would go on and on and on...its only redeeming feature is its location, and proximity to Hamstead Heath.It would be better to book into Travel Lodge or Premier Inn style Hotel....possibly a little more expensive but you would at least feel that you had value for money and peace of mind.Suggest anyone who has stayed here contacts the Trading Standards Officer at Barnet council, also the Public Health Officer at the same Council	
May 10 2009 	Simply the worst hotel we have ever stayed at!	We stayed at this hotel on the 2nd of may 2009. We wanted something close to all amenities. When we arrived and were taken to our room I thought oh my god what have we done. The bed was a camp bed, the duvet was not that clean, there was no tv remote and the bathroom was filthy. The room stank of damp and the view from our room looked like an EARTHQUAKE had just happened. If it had not been for the fact that we were meeting our daughter in central London and were already late and also it was a bank holiday ,so of course every hotel was booked, we would have left straight away. It was simply the most discusting place we have ever been. We will be reporting this hotel to the hotel complaints department. Ps the breakfast we did not touch!!! A tip DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS HOTEL!!	
Oct 10 2008 	Bed Bugs	We checked into room 208, which like the rest of the hotel, needs an immediate renovation. My wife woke up at 3am with multiple bites on her arm and face. Checking the bed we discovered bed bugs on the sheets. The hotel replaced our room, but no apologies were made. My wife went with a swollen face to an interview the morning after. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone- for an additional 30-40 pounds you can book a 4 star hotel in a better location.	
Jul 6 2008	If you can afford better don't go!	Very disappointed, Don't go if you can afford more. There were no bedside tables, no dressing table, no remote control for the TV. One toilet paper roll, No marble around the bathroom sink had to put my toiletries on the toilet. Curtains in the room were filthy, and the noise from the traffic kept me awake all night.Breakfast awful, dining room not like in the photos at all.I shall definitely Not go there again, and I advise you to do the same!	
May 23 2008 	[--] all around	Not a good night sleep with paper-thick wall!! You can count how many couples are doing their night-job at the same time. If you finally got into sleep, the door-banging upstairs must scared you up from dreams.....Worse, they cheated by talking differently of their refund procedure. Somebody turns up claiming to be a Manager said you've informed by 24hrs to get refund; while other staff just casually said, &quot;You can find the manager in morning and get your money.&quot;So, do pay few pounds more and go to Solomon/Regal, NOT HERE!!	
Nov 2 2007 	Avoid at all costs	This is quite simply the worst excuse for a hotel I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.The bedroom was extremely dirty, both beds were campbeds, and several floorboards were loose and in some cases missing. There was exposed electrical wires dangling from walls and the bathroom lighting was not working. Staff were unfriendly and unhelpful and seemed to have an unnealthly obsession about the whereabouts of our belongings. I didn't feel safe here.On the plus side, its cheap and its located near bus and tube.	
Oct 12 2007 	Horrid!!!!	I stayed at this hotel for one night only at that was enough! I was looking for a room for a few nites until i moved into my new house. This place was convenient and available so i took it. BIG mistake! The single room i had was tiny and absolutely stank of stale smoke! The flurosecent green light from the sign outside did not provide any further ambience! No help was given when asked with my luggage in fact i was told to do it myself as it was too big! Once in the room that stank so bad all my clothes now smell the tv failed to work. When i went to reception i was told that they couldn't help me until management arrived the next morning. When i did complain the next day i was told that i had been offered another room with a tv that worked but declined as it was on the second level due to my big luggage. When i responded that all rooms should have working tv's regardless of floor level i was met with silence. DON't stay at this hotel.. how it can be classified a hotel i am yet to understand! If you are looking for somewhere to stay try the Martel guest house where i went for the next 2 nite's. Clean, convenient and pleasant people to deal with.	
Sep 6 2007	Burglarized and uncooperative	I went with a group and on the first night of our stay (Fri. night) one room was burglarized. There was no break in, but magically the people in the room lost their money, credit cards and digital cameras. The front desk man was threatning and volatile over the situation and it was very suspicious. The hotel is running on it's last leg and there is no security. Many rooms are on the first floor and there is access from a back door. Please do not stay here....	
Aug 28 2007	Beware your possessions at this hotel	Beware - your possessions will not be safe at this hotel. I left a suitcase at checkout and was later told I could have the suitcase but not the contents. A very hostile woman claiming to be the manager first said they had thrown the suitcase out because they didn't know whose it was (even though it had my name, address and phone on it). She then claimed she hadn't opened the suitcase, but a few minutes later she admitted she had opened it. Then she tells me they threw the contents out but I can have the suitcase! Nothing fishy there, huh?	
Apr 17 2007 	Disappointing	On the website for this hotel, it indicated that this hotel was newly redecorated which is why I reserved it. On arrival, albeit some hours before the normal access to room time, I was given an available room for £45 per night, £4 less than the website price. I would say that the hotel is still undergoing redecoration as there were pots of paint lying around and if it isn't, it should be. My room had some hardboard up against the wall which was cut away at the top displaying part of a bare wall and what looked like the beginning of a hole. The room was very small, which I didn't find a problem as I used it only for sleeping in but it wasn't very cheerful and was dusty. but it faced the road and I had the window opened all the time. The curtains could have done with a wash. I wasn't impressed by the buffet breakfast, so only had the coffee which I don't think was of very good quality. I would not return.	
Feb 7 2007	friendly and helpful place	Found this B&amp;B through a friends recomendation, and was pleased with my stay.The Price was great as was i london on a budget . I asked for a quiet room so was given a nicely sized room on the back of the hotel so was vey peaceful.The staff are great and really enjoyed breakfast too.	
Feb 6 2007	great place!!	stayed at golders green hotel in august 2006 for 3 nights and my wife and I really enjoyed our stay.We found the hotel very clean, spacious rooms and great value for money.The staff were great with us and very helpful with information and the location is fantastic, loads of places to eat around and close to undergroundwould def come again!	
May 8 2006	Got what I paid for	I went with a group which was fantastic. We found the hotel more like a youth hostel, but I Suppose you get what you pay for. If you are looking for a Hilton you have come to the wrong place, but if you need a cheap and cheerful hotel this is it. It may not be in the best condition but you can' have everything.	
Mar 29 2006	Hated every moment	Hello There:If there's one place which almost ruined my vacation in the UK, then it's this sorry excuse for a hotel.The room that I got was an attic which costed 40GBP. It really was dusty, the tele didn't work proporely and there was no running water in the taps. Another thing was, that every time a car or a lorry passed below my window, the bed shook. And it happened quite a lot at night.This was just the begining, because in the morning the manager suggested that I should pay in advance for the 8 nights I came to. He sais that it costs him money to go everyday to the bank and deposit money. Needless to say, that I paid for only 4. At the 2nd night, the noise outside was unbearable, so I told to the receptionist that I want another room. He told me to talk to the manager/owner about it. When I told him about it the next morning, he didn't want to change it. When I started to complain, he just shouted at me rudely &amp; treated me like rubbish by using some words that I don't want to mention. He then phoned my room and offered me another room, which was smaller but much cleaner.I stayed there another night and then I asked back for some of my money as I booked another hotel.I won't recomend this hotel to any of my friends. It was a bad experience and unless the management would change (or was it already changed since my visit), there's no reason to go there.	
Nov 11 2005	Hotel from Hell	We called and asked for 1 double room for 2 nights a week before. We called twice to make sure all was ok as the night receptionist did not speak adequate English, we called again the next day and our double room was confirmed. We arrived at the hotel They could not find the key to the room and we had to wait for an hour until the young girl found it. Then we found that we had been given a twin bedded room instead of a double room. This room was rather dingy and not very clean. It seemed otherwise adequate for the reduced price due to their error and we agreed to remain for the 2 nights. However, we then discovered that there were baby cockroaches in the bathroom and in our bed. We showed the night manager who did not apologise or offer another room or ...... he treated us as though we were a nuisance.Then we noticed the wires loose in the bathroom and one bedside light was broken and they couldn't fix it.We of course mentioned this to the receptionist who again treated us as though we were complaining about nothing. The television in the room did not work on a regular basis, it had a booster which did not work.We stayed the second night thinking that things could'nt get worse but... we were wrong.The second night was a complete disaster! we were woken up at about 2 am by a lunatic in the room next door who threw out his heater into the corridor thus blocking the passage (we have a witness for this event) and then started walking up and down his room and slamming doors in his room, and what sounded like hitting the wall between our rooms. We again called the night receptionist who came up and listened but of course, the person pretended to be asleep so that the receptionis treated us as though we were crazy, this carried on until 4.30 am. By this time we were totally demented, shocked by the treatment meted out to us by the receptionist. In the morning we realised that apart from all that my wife had been eaten alive by fleas!We packed and got ready to leave the hotel but stopped at the reception to hand in the key. We were accosted by the lunatic from the room next door complaining that we had kept him awake! The day Receptionist (who has allegedly worked there for 15 years) told us to leave the hotel as we were a nuisance! She backed this lunatic and told us that we had not stopped complaining since we arrived.Well, we certainly had reasons for that and we most definitely are complaining of having been subjected to a weekend of hell by the atrocious conduct of the hotel staff (owners?)Oh, and there are NO double rooms in this hotel!We are taking counsel on this whole sorry event.	
Jul 25 2005	Small Room but Adequate	I got about what I expected for 30 pounds a night in London: a very, very small room (had a choice in my single room between being able to open my suitcase or being able to use the closet) and somewhat dingy surroundings. The TV in the room is tiny and gets about 2 stations. However, the staff were friendly and the breakfast was adequate. Many kosher restaurants are nearby and the Tube station, about a 10-minute walk, is about a 20-minute trip to the city.Although the web site says that meals for the Sabbath can be arranged, this basically means having to call a local deli and ask for food to be delivered (or going and getting it yourself and keeping it in the fridge) and putting it on a warming tray. You have to buy your own silverware and tablecloth for meat meals as they only have supplies for dairy because of breakfast.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nicht zu empfehlen		
Nov 3 2007 	absolut enttäuschend		
