Oct 18 2009 	Everything was nice except towels which were dirty with splots and hairs on it	Well, I stayed in hotel for 4 days and during these 4 days every day asked to change the towels to the clean one. After cleaning works I found the new towel in my room with splots in different place and hairs. It was awful. I think for this price they could provide with cleaner towels.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice looking hotel terrible breakfast service	For a Holiday Inn this is a very modernly furnished hotel, and very comfortable for the price. But what's with glass doors on bathrooms? Frosted or not, there's still some things you can't hide. Other than that the rooms are great.There is free parking but unless you can get one of the handful of spaces out front the car park is a 100 metre walk behind the hotel down a lit side road through a couple of car dealerships.As for breakfast, oh dear. Buffet style full English, serve yourself. No matter when you went up to the bar there was always something that had run out and by the time it was replaced everything else was cold (I'm not assuming to was too hot when it first came out). The customer service was slow and they repeatedly brought out food to the wrong tables.Like I said, the rooms are comfortably furnished so it's a shame about the restaurant service otherwise this could be a good overnight stay. I've said below that I wouldn't recommend this place to a friend, but it's a close call either way.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very poor for a new hotel- not recommended	Beware when booking on the holiday inn website as the prices don't include VAT until the final confirmation screen.Finding the place is your first challenge. Don't rely on a Sat Nav system as the hotel doesn't have its own postcode, and you'll end up in the middle of a local housing estate. Improved signage when approaching from the south would help here. It seems that Holiday Inn arn't too sure of the location either, or they've been following the artistic-license trend of the budget airlines, because Kingston South it ain't. Surbiton would be more accurate as this hosts the closest train station and the presence of Thames Ditton Marina directly across the road from the hotel gives an even stronger clue as to the actual location.Unless you are very lucky you can expect to have to use their multistory car park behind the car repair garages at the rear of the hotel. The car park's upper level doesn't have a lift and its a 200 metre walk along an alley with your bags to to get back to reception. The trek isn't recommended for lone women, especially at night- I didn't see any evidence of CCTV. There are a couple of disabled spaces at the front of the hotel, but any disabled visitor not getting one of these spaces is going to struggle. A temporary ramp has to laid out for a wheelchair user to reach the ground floor restaurant area, which is crazy for a new building.Despite having prepaid, it's &quot;hotel policy&quot; to pre-charge £100 to your credit card for extras. This seems excessive, especially when the mini bar was empty. It's also &quot;hotel policy&quot; to allow small dogs. The two dogs in the next room were retriever sized, so hardly small, barked around 6am and left footprints all through the communial areas. There was a distinct smell in our room, perhaps from cleaning up from a previous 4 legged guest.They have invested heavily in marble floors and panelling, but much of the hotel feels drab will lots of brown panelling. The bar area chandeliers seem to re-enforce this feeling. The money would have been better invested in making the rooms large enough to have a decent sized wardrobe, instead of something only wide enough for about 2 items. The lighting in the rooms is poor, meaning it isn't possible to read in bed, and this accentuates the drab feeling.To make the bathroom lighter it has a frosted glass door from the bedroom. There are somethings you don't want to see first thing in the morning and your partner using the toilet is one of them.The buffet breakfast is best described as adequate.We used the hotel to attend a family gathering in the area, but next time we would try somewhere else, even if it was further away.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent service and evening meal.	We were surprised by how good it was although we had read the reviews. Situated out of town but close to the pretty riverside walk. It was the weekend but the parking could not have been easier and it was free. The new room in the new hotel was spotless. The service was first class, especially in the restaurant where the evening meal was excellent both in quality and value. The breakfast was the usual bland self service with awful tea (no indivdual pot). Nevertheless we will be back!	
Aug 26 2009 	Express by Intercontinental	If Intercontinentals did Holiday Inns this would be it.Room was amazing despite only being a standard with a view of a carpark. Loads of mirros and the brown hues seemingly favoured by Interconti'sGreat meal, very reassuring that locals were using it. What was even better were the Indian options on the menu... what a nice change on a holiday inn menu!!!Nice stroll from Kingston (shopping and restaurants) or Hampton Court (palace and gardens) also some nice pubs very close by (head towards Hampton Court)Definately return when I am working here.	
Aug 22 2009 	Brilliant Views easy to drive to fairly close to Trains	Stayed here in August before going to pick up a friend arriving into Heathrow the next morning, and didn't want to stay at the normal airport hotels, so this was a good offer on a B&amp;B Rate. Arrived at the hotel very early, and asked if we could leave our bags so we could go into London, and at 10am they said that our room was ready and could check in. Brilliant service. Had a room with a balcony (which you need to sign for the key so they are not liable for any injuries i think) and this was a lovely way to while away some time over looking the Thames. Indeed in the evening when we came back, was great to relax on the balcony and watch the world go by. Bar service was excellent, and not that expensive. Breakfast in the morning was brilliant, and very tasty and well worth having. It is about a 15 minute walk to Surbiton Rail station, but from there, within 20 minutes you are at Waterloo station, so it is convienently located if you are ok with the walk. There is a car park at the hotel behind the Jaguar and Landrover garage which is free, although if you are carrying a lot of bags, make sure you stop in front of the hotel first to drop these off, as it is a long walk back. All in all, very impressed with my stay here, and will definetly look at booking this hotel again. :)	
Aug 8 2009 	Restaurant Staff were 1st class	i have not had the plaesure of staying at any holiday inn but thanks to this one i would definately choose them over another low budget hotel. i stayed at the hotel on friday 7th august (which was the curry night) and had a wonderful curry buffet. i would have prefered the buffet to be on the table but the staff were very helpful, especially stuart who did everything he could to make sure that i had a pleasent stay. i was very happy with all of the staff and the value for money that the hotel had to offer.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice modern Hotel shame about the billing problems	We were very happy to find this new hotel in our local area which doesn't offer a great choice if you want to accommodate a large party. We probably shouldn't have been surprised to see the best advertised room rates jump up immediately after we made a provisional booking for our wedding party, but we subsequently negotiated a group rate which we were very happy with.The confusion first started when we came to check in for the night. To be fair we didn't check-in until after midnight but surely this shouldn't have come as a surprise to a hotel when they are dealing with a wedding party. We never quite worked out how the hotel managed to magic up two more rooms after telling us that they were completely full ... but just as well considering they were dealing with the bride and groom!!! In hindsight we probably could have demanded some free drinks in the bar (which offered a pleasant setting for a few more drinks) while we were waiting for our room to be &quot;prepared&quot; for us.We had a deluxe room facing onto the Thames which was a good size. The décor is elegant with lots of glass which gives a clean modern feel. The bathroom was a little on the small side in relation to the room but perfectly functional.Breakfast the next morning offered a fair selection including traditional English fry-up.Unfortunately the confusion resumed upon our return to the reception desk at check out time. I had to intervene after a relative was asked to pay a higher rate that the rate we had agreed with the hotel. A few weeks later it transpired that the hotel had 'forgotten' to bill me when I checked out and instead decided to add the charge for our room to the same relative's bill. The hotel claims that they volunteered to pay for our room which is not true. I should probably make sure that the other guests weren't overcharged too.So to summarise, a good-value modern hotel, just make sure they charge you the correct amount for your stay!	
Jul 16 2009 	If you like walking and can cope with mosquitoes it's fine!	I had the bad luck to stay at the hotel in June, during the renovation period, but it was much quieter than I expected! The noise levels were kept to the minimum in the morning and there were no distrations at the interiors of the hotel. The good thing, is that the view is marvellous by the river! The bad thing, is that the river attracts all sorts of bugs, especially mosquitoes! So when I wanted to go out for a walk in the evening, I had to shower in Bug-Off spray before going out! Hence that thing, the rooms are cozy, a bit tight for 2 person though (especially if carrying more than 1 large luggage), yet quite funtional and with extreme soundproof. The aircon is not very well placed, as it blows the wind directly on the bed, so it gets a bit tricky to manipulate it for a good night's sleep, if you don't want to wake up with aches. All places of the hotel are very clean, the service is really fast and efficient (one of the fastest Holiday Inn room service I;ve ever seen!). The only downside, is the buggy location; But if you're more into window staring and not walking alot, then you will love the picturesque! Otherwise, get prepared for some bites!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Curry Food	We are local residents are came over to try out the curry night at the River View Restaurant. The food is superb. This is far the best curry food we have tasted in London.They call it the Delhi food, and its really a very good value for money. The restaurant is new and quite contempory. The service staff are really courteous and always ready to assist.	
Jun 15 2009 	more of this	this is an outstanding hotel, superb food, excellant value, very proffesionally run by all the mansgement staff and thier wonderfull team especially Adi Dewan, Sudip Sengupta, Petra and the others on at front reception on the evening of june 11th 2009 Jimmy the waiter was first class when we dined in the restaurant serving us with wonderfull food cooked by the night chef going out of his way to make our meal so enjoyable as were all the bar staff and Daniel the chef was extremely helpfull with attention to every detail of our breakfasts also. The breakfast waitresses were every morning spot on with thier attention to detail and couldn't have been more friendly and helpfull. The whole hotel was spottlessly clean and the cleaning staff although they must have been very busy seemed to have the knack of being hardly noticable. The bedrooms were so homely and comfortable with everything we could possibly need and a morning paper was delivered free to our room each day . The hotel is very close to surbiton where you can get a bus to kingston and trains into london although there arn't a lot of buses that pass the hotel to surbiton/ kingston just a very short walk along the road and up windmill lane and turn left on to effingham road stand at nearest stop and the k 3 can be got into kingston or it is a really nice walk down portsmouth road and eventually joining the riverside walk into kingston At this hotel you arrive as a guest and leave as a friend. We will always go back time and time again	
Apr 1 2009 	brand spankingly new	stayed couple of nights whilst visiting Hampton Court palace.Only stayed here as got a good internet deal - £445 per night and rest of hotels in area were around £70 and of dubious qualityHotel is brand new opened Jan 09 and still shows, very trendy design all marble and frosted glass bathrooms etcRoom was compact but decent enough for 2 people and as usual for London and the Hioliday Inn brand. batthroom was compact but well designed so included a full size bathOverall would definately stay again although echo other comments about VAT being added seperatly so make sure yu check the priceLarge free multi storey car park behind hotelIs about 20mins wealk along river to Kingston but there are 3 pubs and an Indian restaurant much closerIdeal location for exploring Hampton Court and/or Kingston	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent value for money	We stayed at the Holiday Inn as we were attending a friend's wedding in Richmond Park. The hotel was a little furher away from the venue than we would have liked, but after considering the alternatives in Kingston and Richmond felt that the Holiay Inn offered by far the best value for money (and we all need to wach our pennies at the moment!)We have stayed in Holiday Inns before and, to be honest, are usually not that impressed by them. But this one was different - it just seemed a bit more proffesional and a lot smarter from the reception staff to the room itself. Admittedly the hotel is new (completed towards the end of last year) but this doesn't account for the helpfulness and politeness of the staff, which is something that you don't usually find in a budget chain hotel. As said before the rooms are a bit small but are ample for 2 to 3 nights, with everything you'd expect and more such as large flat screen TV, choice of pillow comfort (firm or soft) and a minibar with complementary water and snacks.The hotel location is not ideal in that it is at least a 20 minute walk to the nearest station and a 30 minute walk into Kingston itself (though this is a pleasant stroll along the banks of the Thames). Though there are plenty of buses that stop on the mian road outside the hotel.All in all we had a surprisingly good stay and would have no hesitation in recommending the Holiday Inn, especially when you consider what you are getting for the cost of the room.	
Mar 28 2009 	Style over substance	Small rooms. Wardrobe small, unable to hang a coat, takes c.3 garments. Small double bed. Poor lighting &amp; soundproofing. Building specification poor for category of hotel. Design pretty, colour coordinated, but uncomfortable to stay in. Dislike way Holiday Inn now add VAT at end of booking process rather than show total price. Poor value for money. Should be marketed as an Holiday Inn Express. Website incorrectly says .6 miles from station.	
Mar 25 2009 	Not Bad	I travel to Kingston a few times a year and have been trying the local hotels. This one is a bit further away than some from the centre but it is not too bad. The hotel is newish and still has that feeling, lots of polished marble floors to keep clean which were ok whilst we were there. The rooms are not huge but nicely appointed with flat screen tvs, free water and chocs in the fridge etc. Much better than some places I have stayed in locally. We only had breakfast in the restaurant, which was fine, as we tend to eat out so can't comment on the evening food. The car park was a bit of a walk away 2-3 mins which might be a nuisance in the rain, but it is free. Overall it was great value for money as we had an internet deal. It was clean and modern and the bar stayed open as long as we were there which was very late!	
Mar 23 2009 	Rooms Too Small	We stayed at this hotel as we are Priority Club Platinum Members and had got a good deal via the website. We should get a free upgrade to a better room but if they had a better room we didn't get it! What we got was meant to be a Executive Room but it was so small. It did have a balcony which over looked a very busy road which despite the view of the Thames and a boatyard was so noisy it ruined everything else. They would have been better to put in one less room and extended the rest by 3 foot to give a less claustrophobic feel to the room. We found the food in the restaurant ok, my Husband had the Curry set meal which was good value. The 'trek' to the car park was off putting and I swear the cars at the front of the hotel were staff cars!Not sure I would stay here again.	
Mar 16 2009 	Wouldn't recommend it....Food was terrible	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Holiday Inn for nearly 4 weeks just after it opened as our house was flooded. We wanted somewhere comfortable to sleep whilst our house dried out.The location was great for us as it was round the corner from our house although for most travellers it's nowhere near a station at least a 15 minute walk. If you drive, there are limited spaces at the front of the hotel – some seemed to be permanently reserved. There's plenty of parking at the rear of the hotel but I felt unsafe walking back to the hotel - it's a pot-holed back street with a Land Rover workshop &amp; various other industrial sites. Not very nice for anyone especially a lone woman at night in the rain.The reception staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. They changed our room to another with more natural light when asked. They also supply the tickets for the free wifi which you need to request daily (not too bad) but is painfully slow, even timing out on sites like hotmail.The rooms were quite comfortable for a couple of nights but with limited wardrobe space. Personally, I found the pillows too hard. Also as the hotel was new, none of the towels had been washed before use so they wouldn’t dry you!!Housekeeping were a little random –• they had a habitat of leaving our window open but with the heating on full• another time there were no towels not even dirty ones• muddy foot prints in the hallways• not emptying bins However, the worst thing about this hotel was the food so much so that despite staying dinner, bed &amp; breakfast that was paid for by our insurance, we went out for dinner at our own expense. On 4 separate occasions the food was sub-standard, but 3 of these I felt there was a risk of food poisoning• raw chicken in a sliced roasted chicken breast• prawns that weren’t cleaned probably with that brown prawn ‘poo’• ‘fizzy’ fruit for breakfastThe other food problem was burnt penne arabatta pasta so no problem but it meant waiting for more food to be cooked. OK so mistakes happen but these weren’t handled very well at all...we got offered a free dinner when the chicken was raw but our dinner was paid for!! If you do stay there, the City Arms across the road does good quality pub food that’s worth a try....plus there’s plenty of good restaurants in Surbiton which is 5-10 minutes’ walk. Da Lucio for Italian, &amp; Joy for Indian. Christies Fish &amp; Chip shop towards Thames Ditton is also good although it’s mainly take out, it does have a restaurant but very few people eat in.The other facilities were • business centre – a bit of a shelf with a PC!!• Gym...wasn’t even open• Only available film on the TV was Paul WellerHopefully we won’t have another reason to stay. But we definitely wouldn’t let any friend or family stay there if visiting the area.	
