Dec 15 2008 	a place to like	This is a beautiful hotel, so quaint and yet so glamorous. The service is wonderful and just what you need nothing more nothing less. Very conveniently located, very easy to find would definitely recommend it to everyone.	
Mar 22 2007	Full marks to Chris and staff	We had a short stay booking for Scala House for July 2007. We received an extremely helpful letter from Chris advising us that the new owners were not taking any short term stays from end May and therefore he offered to help us find alternative accommodation. Finding a similar flat (location, price, facilities etc) as such short notice for an extremely busy month proved to be an exceptionally difficult and time-consuming job. Chris went out of his way to help us with this. 10 out of 10 for Chris and the Scala staff - may they all find good jobs and be treated well. 0 out of 10 to the new management who must have known long before that they would not be taking short term stays. And if Chris and staff do start up their own business, I hope that fellow Trip Advisors will post the info for us to read.	
Mar 17 2007 	Scala House Will Be Missed	I'm of two minds as I write this review. Our stay wasn't perfect but Scala House was sold by the long-time owners several months ago and will be closing to short-term stays as of this coming May. Therefore, I have to think that perhaps our stay isn't completely representative of how the property would have been, say, a year or two ago. I'd bet a fiver the new owners haven't put a dime into the property since the sale back in Oct/Nov 2006.The main value for your money is the amount of space: Two bedrooms, a large living/dining combination, great kitchen fully kitted out, a full bath and a powder room, and a tiny little ledge (balcony isn't really correct) to lean out on as you have your monring coffee. Right there it was worth it for us, every penny. My husband is a late-night, up watching TV person and I'm in bed by 10-11pm. If we'd had to stay in a standard sized hotel room we'd have driven each other crazy. The hotel is very centrally located, a block from the Goodge St Station for the Northern Line and a 5-minute walk from Tottenham Court Rd for the Central. A friend of ours who lives in London seemed to feel this wasn't a great area, but we never felt anything but safe. Great restaurants, grocery stores, shopping, and right across the road is a great greasy spoon, Gig's. (Get the chicken doner or falafel. A 'large' for £3.80 will feed two. And the fish and chips were so heavy in the bag I thought my husband had bought a six-pack of beer. And the guys behind the counter are super nice. We loved Gigs. It was the first thing we said we missed when we were home.)As for the negatives: The property is very dated and shabby, but the prior reviews and even the website pictures make this clear. (The people who seem shocked in their reviews at what the place looks like must not do ANY research at all. ) The construction next door caused a water shutoff to the hotel for a few hours our first day, which was profusely apologized for by the management. The beds are firm and the blankets a little thin. The housekeeping seems a little overwhelmed (the shower curtain was still in the washing machine and our dishwasher was still running at arrival.)But all in all, we loved it. It was clean and had plenty of towels (and wash cloths!) The caulking at the sink and around the windows might not have stood close inspection, but I can't say it would in my own home, either.We didn't notice any unusual odors other than people's smelly cigarette smoke seeping into our hallway from other rooms.The driver who collected us from Heathrow said he'd been taking passengers for Scala House for over 15 years and that to keep the prices low, the Palos' just hadn't put any money into the property to keep it modern. But really, people need to understand that's where the value comes from. Yes, it's a 70's shabby look, but the space was more than my first apartment ever had.We paid £770 for the week; by comparison, we could have stayed at the Travel Inn County Hall for £693 in one small room with a bathroom you have to stand sideways to get into.Chris and Boba in management were truly a pleasure; helpful, sincere, really concerned with making sure everything was going well, despite the fact that they're all losing their jobs in less than two months. The desk is staffed 24/7 and we were always met with a smile and a quick answer to any questions. The people really make the property.As we left, Boba advised they were looking at buildings and would be hopefully opening their own property for short-term rentals, &quot;much nicer looking&quot; but with all the same people in charge.I really hope so; when they open, I'll be lining up for my reservation.	
Mar 13 2007 	Traveler Beware!	Having read all the previous reviews, we bravely made reservations about 8 months ago for our visit to the Scala House. We stayed from 2/24 thru 3/10/07. There were 3 adults.The flat was as expected: old and rundown but a good home base for all of our adventures. The kitchen was the best of the lot with a fine dishwasher and washer/dryer combo. A terrific convection oven that worked like a dream! Great refridgerator and freezer...large for UK standards.Here's the problem: The rest of the flat. It smells like your grandmother's house from 1962 and it is furnished the same way. The bathrooms are run down with peeling paint and non working fixtures. We were without any water for 24 hours one day and without cold water for 24 hours another. One day, we had no phone service. The beds were hard as rocks and the bedside lamps were broken. Responses to fix things were overlooked for days by overwhelmed staff.The staff seemed really disheartened by a recent takeover and reported that the Scala house would be closing it's doors once the last of the registered guests vacated. I strongly suggest staying elsewhere. London is not for the meek of wallet. Any other accomodation is going to cost you more than the Scala House. It is unfortunate that no one has cared for this aging building which is so centrally located. It is close to many wonderful eateries and grocery stores and buses and the tube.If they continue to accept reservations past this point, please consider yourself forewarned!	
Feb 4 2007 	Good location but rundown	This was our second stay at Scala House. We therefore knew what to expect. The apartments are quite run down. They (desperately) need refurbishing, especially the bathroom. The furniture should have been changed some time ago. At the time we stayed there, London was quite cold, and we found the apartment difficult to heat. Further not much hot water to share among three people either. However not to forget the bright sides: There are a complete kitchen with both a dishwasher and a washing machine (combined dryer). In this flat both the dishwasher and de washing machine was brand new. The living room is sizable with a dining table sofa and some chairs. Small TV and ADSL connection (since I didn’t bring a laptop I can’t comment on the ADSL connection). The smallest bedroom is small! There are no room for a suitcase. The largest bedroom is well sized. There are a safe in the closet of the larger bedroom (opened with a key). You’ll find blueprints of the flats on Scala House’s homepage. Towels and bed linen seam very clean. The apartment also seamed clean, but the wall to wall carpeting has a rather nondescript colour so it’s a bit hard to say.Scala ouse has a good location. Close to the Tube, Tesco metro just around the corner. 5 minutes walk and you are on Oxford Street, a few more minutes and Chinatown, Soho and Theatreland are in reach. Not to forget there are a friendly and helpful staff present around the clock.	
Dec 6 2006 	It's just OK	It seems most of the reviews of Scala House are &quot;love it&quot; or &quot;hate it.&quot; For us it was certainly somewhere in between. We thought the location was very convenient--about a 15 minute walk to Lecester square or a one minute walk to the Goodge Street tube station. It took us a couple days to discover the wonders of Charlotte Street which is the next street in the opposite direction from the Tube. Charlotte street is wall-to-wall restaurants and Pubs for several blocks to the south of Totenham street and we really enjoyed the variety. The Tesco grocery around the corner was handy for breakfast treats, coffee, wine and other essentials.The standard apartments are two-bedroom with a bath and a half. It is really a bedroom and a half and a bath and a half. There were three adults in our party and the second bedroom was a stretch even for one. Our beds were hard as rocks and we all had trouble sleeping. Like others we experienced significant noise from the corner Pub but only on Friday night. It will be worse when they are all outside smoking. The furnishings are as promised--pretty cheesy. There is a dining table and chairs, two sofas and another chair in the living area which was roomy enough. We only used the kitchen for breakfast. The washing machine comes in handy, but the dry cycle took several hours. Our front desk guy warned us about this when we arrived.While we certainly found fault with a number of things, Scala House still remains a good value with plenty of square footage for multiple people at the price of a mediocre hotel. The staff was courteous and helpful. There isn't much in the way of services so there isn't much to be critical of. The neighborhood (Fitzrovia) felt safe enough even late at night, although when you head south into the heart of the city you pass through some dicey parts of Soho.Would we stay there again? We would have to think about it, but it would certainly be in the mix.	
Dec 2 2006	Excellent value	I took my 16 year old daughter and a friend to London for the Thanksgiving holiday, and our two bedroom apt. at Scala House was ideal. London is outrageously expensive for US visitors now because of the 2/1 exchange rate for dollars/pounds. But Scala House made it possible for us to have a lovely time as we cooked breakfast and either dinner or lunch in the spacious, well-equipped kitchen. There is a small supermarket a block away and larger ones only a few blocks more. Scala House's location is ideal for sightseeing, and the staff quite helpful. There's nothing fancy about the furnishings but the apt. is clean and comfy. If you travel to or from Heathrow, do consider using their limo service. It's reliable and a relative bargain. Scala House has just been sold and the website warns of construction in the neighborhood in April, so conditions may be changing soon. But in the meantime I can recommend Scala House wholeheartedly.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Flat-Great Service	This is the fourth time we have stayed at Scala House. Location is great-just around the corner from Goodge Street Underground and an easy walk to Regents Park the British Museum and the West End A leisurely stroll to Covent Garden. Staff is very helpful, flat is extremely clean and new appliances. Furniture is a little tacky and the pub on the corner (The Hope) is a bit noisy on the weekend.This was September, the weather was great and everyone at the pub was outside. If you can't calm them, join them, which is what we did. Great fun. We will return to Scala House.	
Oct 22 2006 	Wonderful flat in London!	We just returned from London, where we stayed in the penthouse flat at the Scala House. The staff was very helpful and went out of their way many times for us. The flat was large, well-furnished, and clean. The location is good, near to a tube station, grocery stores and restaurants, and somewhat removed from the hectic locales. I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 20 2006 	The perfect place for our family.	Scala House was the perfect place for our famliy to stay while in London for one week. in September . The appartment accomodated six easily.It was like our home away from home. Comfortable, clean withall home conviences. The kitchen was well supplied and theyeven provided all washing powders and dishwashing liquid it made life easy. Furnishing was dated but knowing what to expect we didn't mind at all. Supermarkets just around the corner and the Metro Station within easy walking distant. The area around the Hotel wasfabulous nice quite street. We always felt safe . The Pub on the corner gave a very local feeling not too touristy. Nice restaurants just down the street.The staff were helpful especially Richard whom had only being with the appartments a few weeks. Hope he is still enjoying his work with Scala House. I have recommened friends to stayat the appartments and hopefully they will meet Richard too.I would definetly stay at Scala House again and recommendit to all our friends and family. We had a lovely stay.	
Sep 25 2006 	Third time's a charm	My parents and brother stayed at Scala House for the third time this past August, and enjoyed it immensely again. As I live in London, I did not need accommodation, but I was over there as much as possible. My family keeps returning to Scala House because it is a reasonable price for the size of accommodation offered - two bedrooms, 1 1/2 bathrooms, a fully-equipped kitchen and a living room/dining room with amazing views! You're within a 20-minute walk of most tourist attractions in the West End; the Northern, Central, Victoria, and Circle/Hammersmith &amp; City/Metropolitan lines are all within a 10-minute walk of Scala House.As has been mentioned before, the place could do with some redecoration, but that's hardly an important factor. Look out your window to see the Gherkin, the Eye, the British Museum, the BT tower or Parliament (depending on where your flat is situated) if you want some decoration! I remember them previously having Skysports at one point, but they seem to have cut the number of TV channels available. It would be nice if they at least got the same selection as a Freeview box.For those complaining about the heat - I know, it was hot this past July. But Scala House is a building of flats, not a 4-star hotel. No one in London has air conditioning in the summer! We just make do with fans, lots of showers and lots of Pimms. And as for the noise - Fitzrovia is one of the quietest sections of central London. If you want quiet, go stay in the suburbs. In any major city you will hear sirens, buses and drunk people at night. Learn how to adapt to the situations around you - that's what traveling is all about.And totally random, but someone complained about the deposit left in the water when boiled. London has hard water, and there's nothing Scala House or anyone can do about it. If there was a large amount of limescale in your kettle, you should have told the staff. They are amazing and I'm certain would have sorted out your problem, as they did for a previous reviewer.In short, Scala House is perfect if you want ample living space in a great location. These flats can give you a bit of a glimpse into how life is in London. If you want to be waited on hand and foot at a luxury hotel and completely ignore the city around you, then Scala House is not for you.	
Sep 21 2006 	Enjoyed my stay at Scala House	i really enjoyed my three night stay at Scala House.The two bedroom apartments are extremely spacious and have lovely newly renovated kitchens.The living/dining area is well fitted out with nice furnishings and plenty of room to spread out and relax.Much like being in a private home without the shortage of space that you often find in hotel rooms.Bathroom was nice and the shower facilities great with plenty of hot water for showers. Very good water pressure as well.Very central to central London and very near Oxford Street and all London sights.Staff are very friendly and will do all they can to assist in your stay.I had difficulty in closing one of the windows and one of their staff came to my apartment immediately and assisted me in that regard.Hope to stay again when next in London.John.	
Sep 20 2006 	Still a great place	Just returned from a 15-day stay in Scala House, our second visit in 6 months. Scala continues to provide excellent value for money especially given its very central location. The front-desk personnel are cheerful and well-informed.We did have some problems with the washing machine which took some time to resolve but I would regard this as a minor hiccup in an otherwise enjoyable sojourn. The property could do with some refurbishing, the furniture is utilitarian at best . Also, some lobbies are blocked by discarded (?) items of furniture which could pose a fire hazard.I would definitely go back.	
Sep 18 2006 	Superb Friendly Convenient Clean Safe	I want to return often to The Scala House. For that reason I hesitate to write too positivie a review of the place. I have stayed there three times. Once on business and twice with family. Scala House is great. Iit's excellent in fact, if you do not wish to pay upwards of $1000 for similarly spacious accomodations elsewhere . Scala is not a hotel - repeat: it is NOT a hotel! Seatings for High Tea are not scheduled for three times daily. Scala consists only of two-bedroom apartments with full kitchens and laundry faciities. There is only maid service once a week, if you stay for a week. It is unbelieveably convenient a place from which to explore all of London. It is in a nice, safe neighborhood, where Londoners actually work and live. It is not surrounded by overly touristy shops. It is however within one or two short blocks of excellent restaurantes and supermarkets. Scala's apartments have always been immaculate. They are not air conditioned, true. But, most of northern Europe is not. To blame one's bad experience with Scala House on weather conditions during a London summer, as was done a short time ago on this forum through two seemingly related posts, is quite unfair. One more thing, the staff, particularly Chirs, Omar &amp; J, are top shelf professionals when it comes to meeting the needs of your stay or solving problems that might arise. I doubt the Dorchester has a staff so helpful and polite! I also recommend using the taxi-airport connection that Scala House will arrange for you. I have always been pleasantly suprised by the drivers. All of that said, do your best not to book the last available apartment before I have had a chance to book mine.	
Aug 25 2006 	Scala House - Recommend	I have had the pleasure of staying at Scala House 14 times in the past 8 years. My last stay was in July of this year. I think that it is very unfair to hold Scala House accountable for the unpleasant weather conditions experienced this past July in London. Yes, it was hot. Yes, Scala House was hot. But pretty much every place you went in London including Buckingham Palace was extremely hot. One certainly can not expect Scala House or any reasonably priced accommodations to exceed the Queen’s residence in comfort during these record braking temperatures. I think that would fall into the category of having unreasonable expectations.One of the main reasons that I enjoy Scala House is that it is so quiet in the evenings. My experience in July was that with the windows open there was a bit more noise than usual. But nothing that was way out of line or that lasted all night. Friday nights were the nosiest. This noise seemed to come from the pub on the corner. However, the pub closed at 11pm and the noise ceased shortly after that. Yes, if the windows are open you will hear some traffic from Tottenham Court road. But this is after all a large city of over 8 million. It would be impossible not to hear some traffic noise.Some people have mentioned “outdated” furniture as a negative. The furniture at Scala House is maybe not what you would furnish your own home with, but it is solid and certainly comfortable after a long day of sightseeing. Scala House is not the Savoy, but then again they don’t claim to be. What it is, is homey and comfortable. I have never found the beds to be uncomfortable. In fact I have never had a poor nights rest due to any discomfort from the beds.If you expect and need the amenities of the Savoy, then my all means make yourself happy and stay there. But if you want something that is homey, comforting, clean, and personable, then Scala House is a wonderful haven amidst all the craziness that is London.	
Aug 18 2006 	Scala was awful!	Water problems, dirty, noisy and hot, outdated furniture and uncomfortable beds, Two weeks in JUly was too much for us. I would not stay there again for free.	
Aug 15 2006 	Scala House less than expectation	Friends recommended The Scala House very highly as being above the average for London. My experience was less: hot weather required the windows to stay open (no air conditioning) and resulted in lots of noise from cars, workers, and people in the street below. Water supply problems in sink and toilet upon arrival were fixed the same day. Slow tub drain was not repaired.Kitchen had been recently upgraded and seemed clean; water supply wasn't filtered and left lots of deposit when boiled. Some upgrades were roughly finished (phone wiring exposed and run outside the walls, Trim painting very thickly layered and cheaply finished. Limited channels available on TV; one stand-fan did not make it comfortable with 34+ temperatures. Apartments do provide ample space in MBr and separation of Kit, LR, and Br. Second Br too small for Teens or Adults. Furnishing out-of-date and needs replacement, carpets dirty, and Lobby area inadequate, dirty, and lacks appeal.	
Jul 25 2006 	Highly recommended	PROS: Great location, good neighbourhood, excellent service, spacious and clean apartment at a great price. CONS: Some may prefer better quality furnishings, but it worked out fine for us.	
Jul 22 2006	Perfect for a family	10 of us - including 3 children ages 7-10, spent a week here in mid-June. We had two apartments and one of the penthouses. Although it's nothing fancy, the accomodations were fine for us - spacious and well-equipped. The bathrooms were fine and the beds comfortable. The nearby tube stop was very handy, although it was closed on the weekend for renovation. There are two others within a few blocks. There are some excellent restaurants on a nearby street. The location is quiet - near the University and the British Museum - in an area called Fitzrovia. Small front desk area and slow elevators. The staff is helpful. Overall, we thought it was Ideal for our large group.	
Jul 20 2006 	Excellent location and value	After a great deal of research re London accommodation we heard about Scala House.From the beginning with the prompt and efficient email responses to the friendly and helpful service whilst there, all was greatly appreciated. It was certainly value for money for our family of four. Having a proper kitchen and some space was truly valued.Great location on a tube stop that has good access to other lines.Well done and keep up the good work.	
Jun 14 2006	Excellent in all respects!	We are just back from a 10 day stay in Scala House London. When I was trying to find a hotel on the internet I was shocked to see so many negative comments written on 4 or 5 Star hotels and could not decide where to go. I have been to London many times before but this was my first trip with my beloved ones ( my wife and my 8-year-old daughter) so I was trying to find the best ( within my budget of course!). My last stay in 2002 was in Citadines Trafalgar Sq in a studio but I read in comments that thier 1 bedroom is not much bigger than the studio. I had a kichenette there with dishwasher ( but no washer/dryer). I suddenly and by chance read a comment about Scala House in a forum and then I started reading about it in Tripadvisor. I saw that almost everybody is positive but still I was doubtful what to do. I referred to hotel's website and read it through but I thought may be they are exagerrating. Anyways I took the risk and booked it. From the time I made the booking till we were arriving at the hotel I sent so many e-mails to the hotel asking for every possible details. They wer quick to response and I got the answer to all my questions shortly.When we arrived at the hotel, by judging the size of the entrance hall and the lift and the carpet in the lift I thought this choice has been a tragic mistake but when Bob ( a very nice young man in front desk ) opened the door and we saw the inside of the apartment we immediately rejoiced that we had chosen the place.It is very clean and very spacious. You have everything in the spacious kitchen including a microwave, an oven, a washer/dryer, a dishwashing machine, a kettle,an iron, etc. all in very good condition and brand new. When we arrived ( June 1) the weather was too cold for us. Fortunately they still had the central heating working. In the small bedroom I noted the heating was not working.Later on I saw signs of limescale in kettle and didn't like it.I told Bob. Then we went to Tesco ( 3 minutes from the hotel ) and bought some stuff and came back to the hotel. The kettlehad been replaced with a brand new one and a separate heater was put in the bedroom!All the people have written about the great location . I confirm it 100 pct and have nothing to add to it.The front desk people ( Chris, Bob, Omar,...) are very nice and very helpful and it was really a great stay. I tell you don't hesiate to book it if you are going to London.	
Jun 3 2006	Excellent Value	We are completing a two week stay at Scala House apartments. If you are 3 people or more and want to stay in a very comfortable convenient location, you can't go wrong staying here. Front desk very helpful, easy transportation all around. A few minute walk to Brittish Museum. Just a few tube stops to just about everything. Buses all around. This apartment is very centrally located. The major tour companies will pick you up at nearby hotels--St. Giles or Radison Grafton, just a few minute walk from apartment. Markets nearby, as well as several reasonable places to eat all around. Apartment has all the comforts of home. Thanks to all at Tripadvisor, as I would not have heard of this place otherwise.	
May 3 2006	Fabulousstayed at the penthous	Stayed with my family at the penthouse apptment...roomy,clean es very spacious...the desk downstairs was well informed...would recommend to everyone..	
Jan 22 2006	Great location	This hotel/apartment has a great location, is central to 4 tube lines, and within easy walking distance of the British Museum, Oxford Street, and a newly built hospital (don't ask). It also has many restaurants and grocery stores close by.The units are clean but utilitarian, if you don't require luxury, but just want a decent, basic, accommodation for a reasonable price this is a great place. We had 4 single women in one unit, each with our own bed, with no problems and the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jan 4 2006	Very convenient	My family consisted of Grandma,Mom and 3 kids, two girls 9,14 and a boy 14.We stayed at Scala House from Dec 27th - Jan 2nd.It was a great place to stay. The location is superb. The tube is just around the corner and if you choose a bus it drops off right on the street by the hotel. The furnishings are a little dated, but you can overlook that for the convenience of an apartment. The kitchen is VERY well equiped, all of the utensils are new and in great repair.	
Nov 28 2005	Scala House Great Place to stay	Our family of 4 stayed in the 10th floor penthouse for 11 days in June. Comfortable, tons of room, clean, everything we needed, quiet, lovely view of London. Staff extremely helpful before, during and after stay. Location close to Internet Cafe, 3 grocery stores, Goodge Tube, restaurants and more. Would definitely recommend to all and would stay there again. Made our meals, washed our clothes while relaxing. Great place to stay	
Sep 26 2005	The best value in all of London!	We have just returned home from our second stay at Scala House. I cannot recommend this roomy 2 bedroom, 2 bath aparthouse house highly enough! All one has to do is research the exorbitant hotel prices ( for a tiny room!) to realize that Scala wins..The apartment was spotlessly clean and we were provided housekeeping and sufficient linens throughout our stay. The staff is kind and very accommodating and we were always greeted with a smile and hello on our many times coming and going. The neighborhood is safe and abundant with restaurants, pubs, and groceries. An enormous plus is the Goodge tube 2 blocks away. Scala ia a London gem and I can guaranteee you will not be disappointed!	
Aug 31 2005	Convenient nice apartment.	Nice, roomy 2 bedroom, third floor apartment in Bloomsbury area of London. Newer furnishings, clean. We, 4 women including girls 15 and 20 stayed for 4 nights. Thank goodness for the washer/dryer to catch up on laundry. Staff very helpful, arranged for taxi, etc. Safe in apartment. After we rearranged the living room furniture so that all 4 of us could see the tv at the same time, we loved it. After a french hotel room, it was sure nice to be able to walk around, stretch your arms, go down the hall, and have a refrigerator ! Tesco grocery store had everything and was 2 blks away, as well as two pubs. The Goodge St. tube stop is just one block away (just past Starbucks and the American Church of London) as well as several places to eat and an internet cafe. Walk to British Museum. They say there is a 10% discount for repeat stayers. Certainly a good value considering London hotel prices, exchange rate and the size of our party.	
Aug 19 2005	Great Choice for Families with Teens	My wife, two teenagers, and I just completed a week-long stay at Scala House. We had an enjoyable stay and came to think of Scala House as &quot;home&quot; while we were in London. We visited the nearby Tesco grocery store almost every day and used the Goodge Street tube station extensively. Goodge Street is on the Northern Line, which directly serves the Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, and Westminster areas, and connects to other lines that serve the major tourist areas. We were pleased with the front desk staff's restaurant recommendations, and we had the staff arrange for a private car to take us to and from Heathrow (40 pounds from the airport, 35 pounds to the airport). Other reviewers have described the Scala House apartments well. Our seventh-floor apartment was clean, comfortable and well-provisioned, though not luxurious. We chose to have a single bed placed in the living room, so that my wife and I could use the large bedroom and our son and daughter could each have their own sleeping space. We liked the fact that there were two bathrooms. While the neighborhood is quiet compared to areas like Soho or the West End, we heard sirens and some traffic noise every night; Scala House is near a hospital and a police station. The only other minor complaint we had was with the washer/dryer, a single machine which first washes and then spins the clothes dry (with heat). We did two loads of wash, and the clothes were damp coming out of the dryer both times.Overall, we were very pleased with Scala House and would stay there again. It is a good value, considering the spacious accomodations, convenient location, and helpful staff.	
Jul 14 2005	highly recommended	We stayed Scala House for two weeks in April and would highly recommend it. We are a family of four -- two adults, two school-aged children and this apartment was exactly what were looking for. Two bedrooms, one and a half baths, fully furnished kitchen with washer/dryer, spacious, clean &amp; quiet. Excellent location -- Central London address, yet on a quiet back street. Staff were friendly, helpful, efficient. Closest tube station is Goodge Street on Northern Line which is a great location for making connections to anywhere you'd ever want to go, yet station itself is relatively small, quiet, uncrowded. Tesco grocery and Marks &amp; Spencer Food Hall (&amp; ubiquitous Starbucks) all less than 5 minute walk. London is an incredibly expensive city and this apartment was a great value. Would definitely return.	
Jul 10 2005	Great value	We have just spent a week at Scala House, returning July 8th. This is the second time we have stayed there. It is excellent for families with children. Scala House is one of the gems of London. The location is extremely central (Tottenham Crt. Rd., Goodge St. underground on the Northern Line, and access to buses is excellent), and the two bedroom, one and a half bath flats are huge by London standards at a reasonable price. It is very easy to spend 150 - 180 pounds per night for a London hotel room without the amenities and space (fully equipped kitchen, including microwave, dishwasher, clothes washer, and dryer) of the Scala House units. The paint in our flat was fresh, and everything, including the carpet, was clean. The appliances all worked as they should; hot water was plentiful and the water pressure fine. It helps to be on a higher floor, however, our third floor flat was fine, and reasonably quiet. The second bedroom is small, but usable. The front desk staff (available 24 hours) are extremely professional, but helpful, obliging and friendly. As well, Scala House will arrange mini-cabs for you; again, the prices are reasonable by London standards. The house rules are explained in detail on the website (-), and you need to book well in advance with reservation deposits and the balance due before you arrive. Within walking distance are three grocery stores (Tesco, Marks and Spencer, Sainsbury) and in the side streets off Tottenham Crt. Rd., there are many nice little restaurants serving a variety of foods.	
May 27 2005	Good choice but needs a makeover	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Scala House, and overall I would recommend this property with enthusiasm. Like many others have mentioned-the convenient location, the spacious rooms, helpful staff, and the reasonable prices make this a good choice. The second bedroom (though tiny) and bathroom make this a great choice for families. Being a block from the Goodge St. tube station is a huge plus. As a first timer in London-it was really helpful to me to use the tube in learning my way around.We were lucky enough to get a room on the 9th floor which had great views-ask for this when booking though I was told they can't guarantee it. We had a wonderful dinner the first night at a Thai restaurant, Busaba, a very tasty and hip but affordable find a few blocks away from Scala House.While the size of the rooms are luxurious by London standards, and kept very clean, the decor is pretty horrible. For those who are not bothered by such superficial concerns, you will have a wonderful stay. I on the other hand was depressed by the faded linens, mottled carpet, and lumpy sofa. With a little updating of furnishings and some fresh paint, Scala House would be perfect. Also, be aware that the washer/dryer machine takes forever and has a small capacity.	
Apr 12 2005	A great place to stay	I stayed at Scala House for 13 nigths and we were very pleased with the flat which was spacious and clean. The staff was always ready to help us. Having the underground just around the corner is very convenient. I fully recomend stay at Scala House	
Apr 2 2005	Great place to stay in London	We just stayed at the Scala House this spring break 05 and we couldn't have been more pleased. Their flats are a good size (for London) and are very well maintained. Ours came with a fully equipped kitchen, a clothes washer/dryer and 2 bathrooms. The staff was quite accomodating. They arranged our transport to and from the airport and were very quick responding to our every request. They are located in the Fitzrovia/Bloomsbury part of London not far from the British Museum. While maybe not as trendy an area as Kennsington, for instance, we found it to be much more quiet with still an active nightlife. It is conveniently located near all the major transport hubs --most attractions are only a few tube stops away. If you prefer a taxi, most of our trips averaged approximately 6 pounds. We have already recommended them to friends traveling to London this summer and we would stay there again.	
Feb 1 2005	Splendid "Find" in the Midst of Everything		
Jan 24 2005	Highly recommend it		
Jan 16 2005	London's Best kept secret		
Nov 10 2004	Comfortable Affordable and a Great Location		
Jun 28 2004	Great value for money and comfortable!		
Jun 9 2004	Clean apartment in quiet area		
Feb 29 2004	Scala House - What a great place!		
Jan 4 2004	Repeat Business		
Sep 21 2003	Love the Scala House		
Jul 29 2003	Penthouse at the Scala		
Dec 15 2006	Really Excellent!		
