Nov 18 2009 	Cozy little spot	We just returned from a 7-night stay at the Rookery. We chose this hotel because of its close proximity to my daughter's flat while she is studying in London. It's a convenient location, just steps from the Farringdon tube station. As others have said this is an area away from the more touristy parts of London. So, if you want to be in an area where people work and live, and away from tourists traps, then I think you would enjoy this location. The staff of the hotel was very accommodating and created a home-like atmosphere. There is no elevator in this hotel; however, the staff transported our suitcases up to our room and brought them down when we left. Also, if you'd like a shower (vs. just a tub), make sure you ask when you make your reservation. Our room did not have a shower, but we requested one and they gladly moved us.	
Nov 13 2009 	Old London	The Rookery really does feel like part of the Old City of London. Very comfortable rooms with all modern amenities but a lovely Dickensian feel. A great area of London to explore lays to the east of the Rookery's doorstep.	
Aug 16 2009 	So good I've already stayed there twice	Having lived in London a few years back, on this trip I first tried to find an apart-hotel, but my last minute travel arrangements meant they were all full. So Time Out led me to The Rookery, close-ish to my old flat, and I will be forever grateful.The hotel blends right into the active and real work-live-play neighborhood of Clerkenwell, just steps from Farringdon tube. You enter through a secure door on Peter's Lane--you must ring the buzzer to be let in, and enter what is, as intended, reminiscent of someone's grand home. The desk clerks are friendly and helpful, leading you past the lounge and honor bar, to a unique room named after one of the building or area's former inhabitants.We opted for a double superior and were treated to a four poster bed, writing desk, flat screen tv, plush robes, a generous supply of Aveda toiletries, an iPod stereo system and velvet drapes guarding the windows looking out on Cowcross Street. And yes, free internet.The hotel itself is quiet--more of a business hotel that is starting to see more tourists--only the weekend nights can be loud due to people walking to the tube or gathering after a night of drinking at the Castle or Fabric. Turn the air-con on and it all blends into the night.You can order room service, breakfast in bed, or our choice on Cowcross Street, head to FARM, opened Feb 09, and get hot porridge and honey and a cup of tea, or to Smith's for a full english, or any other of the many good options nearby.	
Jul 16 2009 	Superb location lots of character	Located in one of my favourite London areas, Farringdon/Clerkenwell. A little gem of a hotel. I stay in London frequently but all too often in large identity-less hotels. The Rookery is far from this stereotype.Decorated with carefully chosen antiques, soft furnishings and wallpaper this place has real character. Lots of history, all rooms are named after residents of these East London terraces of old you can even read their story in your room.Fantastic roll top bath, perfect for relaxation after a days shopping in the city.On your doorstep you have some of London's best restaurants and bars and a two minute walk from Farringdon Tube/Rail Station.What's not to like?A big thumbs up to The Rookery	
Jun 4 2009 	James Bond would stay here	You can't help thinking that Ian Flemming would have his uber spy James Bond stay in a joint like this. The hideout is stashed away down a narrow lane behind Cowcross Street, Smithfield, a stone's throw from Farringdon Station and slap bang in the middle of London. It's also just a skip away from St John Restaurant, St Pauls, a very trendy nightclub and a pub straight out of the Clerkenwell Tales by Ackroyd. The hotel is charm and elegance and very very English from the tip of its antique weather cock on the roof to the toes of the excellent staff's highly polished shoes. The baths are wonderful as are the Greenwood jelly babies in the mini bar. Stay here if you love history and being well cared for and don't want the hassle of having to travel too far to see the sights.	
May 21 2009 	Small friendly well located unusual quaint gem of a hotel	Easy access by tube from Heathrow. Very close to Faringdon tube station. Surrounded by eateries. For breakfast go to Smith's just round the corner and opposite Smithfield market. My hair drier kept switching off after just using for a minute. It was &quot;fixed&quot; then did the same thing again, so don't know if they were using a fuse that was too small. Room was very warm as despite air conditioning, it wasn't working properly. As soon as we mentioned it, we got a stand fan, and the next day it was fixed. Bed comfortable. Joseph Smith room a very odd shape and narrow stairs down to bathroom and small closet. Unfortunately no place to put your soap when having a shower or bath, so we had to soap up, then throw the soap into the hand basin! Plenty hot water and a good force from the shower. No tea or coffee facilities in room unfortunately. Room and library quite dark so I found it hard to find a decent bit of light in which to read, but other than that it is a fabulous one-of-a-kind hotel and I would definitely stay there again. Almost forgot to mention - it is an incredibly quiet hotel, even at night. No traffic noise at all!	
May 1 2009 	The Rookery - a perfect mix of modern and traditional London.	My wife and I recently stayed for four nights at The Rookery. We were quite pleased with our experience at the hotel, and wanted to share those experiences with our fellow travelers.First, the Rookery is perfectly located. Just outside the City (meaning the square mile of the City of London), it is within walking distance of some great sights, including St. Paul's. It is also a quiet area - my wife and I never felt unsafe, nor were we woken up in the night by loud noises outside the hotel. The Rookery is a very short walk to the Farringdon Underground stop on the Circle, District, and Hammersmith &amp; City Lines. Anywhere in greater metropolitan London is well within your grasp. Second, the staff was extremely friendly, welcoming, and accommodating. This is a deal-breaker for my wife and I when it comes to hotels, and the Rookery exceeded our expectations. We arrived early, and wanted to freshen up after our flight. The front desk staff were very kind, and brought us a pot of tea, scones, and biscuits while we sat down and prepared for the day ahead. They also had their housekeeping staff clean our room first (wow!) so that we could get in and change clothes. The staff maintained this high level of service throughout our stay - considerate, friendly, and very attentive. High marks!Third, the room was wonderful. All of the rooms at The Rookery are furnished with beautiful antiques, to maintain a period feel. Our room was no exception. We had a beautiful three room suite (it was named Sir Walter de Manny) with wood paneling, beautiful exposed ceiling beams, and an antique four poster bed. We had fresh flowers in our room each day, and complimentary wifi and newspaper each morning. The room was very clean, and all of the features worked exactly as they should.In all, we would not hesitate to recommend The Rookery to you, fellow traveler. For a London hotel with these amenities, it is extremely well priced - but it would be a good deal even at a higher price level.	
Apr 19 2009 	Just what we wanted	We stayed overnight after going to a friends birthday party. The staff were polite and helpful and it had all the facilities we needed, except tea and coffee making in the room. The decor is beautiful and warm in contrast to the bland look most hotels have in common	
Apr 10 2009 	This is simply fantastic	I loved this hotel. It is like a fabulous little secret in the centre of london. The furnishings, the staff, the food. it is simply beautiful. I would stay here again in a flash. It is so different to the big corporate chains, The service is pretty slow, but simply the beauty of the furnishings, the rooms, the discreet staff, the tasty breakfasts, and the little garden out the back, make this a memorable little haven and romantic get away.	
Apr 2 2009 	Awful - stay away!!!	I stayed here last week and I can honestly say it's the WORST hotel I've ever stayed in!Why all the great reviews? I don't know but the way this hotel is run is beyond a joke. There is usually only ONE member of staff!! So if you want a coffee or any room service it's not available if they are answering the phone or checking someone in. Twice, my girlfriend called and was put through to the wrong room . Then my fridge broke and no one bothered to fix it.Plus, the place is rally shabby, not what you expect for £250 per night. My room was dusty too, and had bad stains on the carpet. Disappointed.	
Mar 24 2009 	Historical Charm with Class and Character	The Rookery is in a good location of Clerkenwell on a quiet, tucked-away street near the Barbican. Everything to do with the room and staff conform to the highest standards of hospitality. In addition one can enjoy the exclusive pleasure of staying in a historic building with period furnishings, wonderful claw-footed tubs, book-filled libraries... all of which make for a very memorable experience. There were sumptuous meetings rooms and a very cosy salon with a gas fireplace complete with a well-stocked honour bar. The Portal restaurant just down the street was sublime!	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellence Beyond Measure	The Rookery is an amazing find. Conveniently located to many major London attractions and sites, it truly feels like staying in someone's home. Our room, the Jack Sheppard, was thoroughly comfortable and well appointed. The check in process was easy, and they stored our luggage and put it in our room while we set out to explore. We easily walked to the Thames, Parliament, the Tate Modern and the Tower from this location. Farringdon Tube Station is a block away, so it was really easy to get anywhere quickly. Several excellent restaurants were also steps away, with Gascon being our favorite. The neighborhood has several good pubs, but it was still really quiet at night. If you stay, take shampoo and conditioner. For some reason, other Aveda products were provided, but these were not.	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice stay at the Rookery	My wife and I stayed at The Rookery in May 2008. It was only a short stay, (one night) but the hotel was very nice, clean and quiet. Location was great for that part of London. Lots of restaurants, pubs and shops nearby. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great place to stay in central London with really comfortable rooms	We booked a superior double room at the Rookery for a weekend in London, booking directly with the hotel with a rate of 165 pounds per night. They were really helpful on the phone and explained the type of rooms really well. We forgot to ask about a shower though, so I was a little disappointed by their only being a bath and no shower.The room itself was fantastic. It had a small sofa and coffee table as well as a desk, good TV (not that many channels though) and a very comfortable bed. The room also had a reasonable minibar and room service will deliver tea and coffee with biscuits to your room for no extra charge. Toiletries in the bathroom were plentiful and good quality, though there was no bubble bath even though there was only a bath: a bit odd for an English hotel.Breakfast is room-service only and not particularly cheap (11 pounds for a bacon sandwich and coffee). A better option is the greasy spoon opposite the hotel or SoS around the corner opposite the Smithfields market. The bacon roll was OK and the coffee good and it was the right choice for getting something at 7am on a Sunday morning, but I'm glad we looked elsewhere the other morning.Staff are really friendly (I have no idea why one reviewer had such grumpy staff as they were great with us). The honesty bar is a great touch and we did find ourselves grabbing a Scotch on the way back to our room after a night out. A really relaxing way to finish the evening and even though it was 6 pounds for 50ml of good quality Scotch, it was actually well worth it.Parking for the Rookery is a bit tricky - the best bet for the weekend is the NCP car park at Saffron Hill, which is around 5 minutes' walk away. We paid 25 pounds for 2 days' parking, arriving on a Friday evening. Parking somewhere in zone 5/6 of the tube is a much cheaper bet, but we needed to leave early and get on the road quickly.I'd certainly consider the Rookery again for a stay in London. It's not cheap, but it does feel very luxurious and you get the sense of having splurged and got something for your money. But I will make sure I get a room with a shower next time!	
Dec 1 2008 	Beautiful hideaway	Wanting a nice, quiet hideaway for a romantic weekend break, I chose the Rookery. And I wasn’t disappointed.The place not exactly noticeable from the street, but once you find the door, it is out of this world. Well, more accurately, it’s of this world, but of another time. Everything about it was Dickensian, heavy wood panelling, claw footed roll-top baths, four poster beds, you name it. On the plus side was all of the above, and the welcoming attitude of the staff, all of whom were great. On the down side, as some have noted, there is a night club just a few doors away, and we heard a fair bit from there during the night. Also, the 24 hour room service only runs till 10.30 at night, so no chance for a night-cap on your return to the hotel.I’d recommend this to anyone wanting a great night away.	
Nov 16 2008 	Scared to tell others..........	I got an okay rate from Expedia (£165 + tax). The service was wonderful and the room (Jack Sheppard) although small was wonderful also. I arrived at 9.30 a.m. and asked if I could work somewhere. They insisted on giving me coffee and biscuits while they got a room ready for me immediately. Fantastic.All in all a great experience which is not something one can often write about hotels in London.	
Nov 11 2008 	A hidden gem	My other half and I stayed at The Rookery in London recently and had a great time. The staff are absolutely lovely, the rooms are comfortable and uniquely furnished, and the location is pretty good too.When we checked in there was a mix-up with our allocated room, due to a computer system fault, but the reception staff sorted it out quickly and upgraded us to a slightly bigger room than booked. It was on the first floor on the Cowcross Street side of the hotel and although my other half (a light sleeper) was woken by people leaving Fabric nightclub around the corner, I was oblivious to any noise. The furnishings are unique in each room - sympathetic to the history and age of the building, and very comfortable. The Aveda toiletries in the bathrooms smell gorgeous. I was in two minds about leaving a review as this place is a hidden gem, and I wanted to be able to book it again without it getting full up due to popularity! But in fairness to the hotel and it's staff, they thoroughly deserve the recommendation.	
Nov 2 2008 	Snotty staff and needs a makeover!	It's interesting to see the mixed reviews on here. A friend of mine had stayed (for one night) so I booked a treat for me and my husband for a week.They have an old fashioned European key system, and on leaving thy key or collecting it when entering and leaving the hotel the staff were either unpleasant or, at best, dismissive and snotty.I really don't think this hotel is all it's cracked up to be. The bathroom was old and the sanitary ware stained horrible, the paintwork was peeling off the walls, and even though I can see what their trying to achieve in a country old English sense with the decor, it comes off as stuffy and grandma-ish rather than chic. A trip to the Soho House owned Babbington House for some style tips wouldn't go amiss...Also the pillows feel like they haven't been changed in years (like bricks) hardly adding to a sense of comfort.The only thing I liked was the honesty bar and the conservatory. As for the rest of the hotel I didn't feel comfortable at all.Overall I would have overlooked these points, but the attitude of the staff made me feel like I was just being ripped off.	
Oct 27 2008 	One of London's finest hotels	Like some other reviewers here, I've wanted to stay at the Rookery for a long time. It was everything I'd hoped it would be: characterful, relaxed, discreet. You feel a bit special just for staying there. The hotel itself is easily missed: it consists of several early houses in St Peter's lane. The bedrooms are not numbered, but are named after individuals from the historical records of Clerkenwell who had some connection with the houses that now make up the hotel. Their biographies are in a book in the bedroom, and a fairly disreputable lot someof them were :-) The reception area is small and comfortable and oozes charm. The common areas include a small courtyard garden and a sitting room in a conservatory. All are furnished very comfortably and with a nod to the Georgian and Victorian periods. Be warned that the area can be noisy when the pubs close and when the nightclubs chuck out at about 5 a.m. I commented on the noise when passing through reception the morning after and they practically insisted on moving me to another room which was perfect, just by the garden. Both rooms were excellent but the second was really memorable: reclaimed gothic arches, shutters, a stairway down to a basement bathroom with a huge roll-top bath. Breakfast, ordered the night before, is served to you in your room at a specified time. There is a small and very well-provided honesty bar in the sitting room. I highly recommend an after-dinner scotch in the garden :-) The Rookery is expensive, charming, seductive and worth every every penny. So much of my life is spent in seriously average hotels - this visit served as a reminder of what hotel-keeping can be at its very best.	
Oct 20 2008 	A Romantic Surprise Break	I have always wanted to stay in this hotel and it didn't disappoint. We stayed on a sunday night, getting a great deal on a superior double by contacting the hotel directly. Our room on the ground floor was fantastic; it was at the back of the building with a view of the garden and a downstairs bathroom with a roll top bath and an enormous showerhead! Being at the back we experienced no noise at all. Staff were always polite, friendly and attentive and even treated me to a tour of the Rooks Nest, their opulent suite at the top of the building, out of this world! I could not fault this hotel and its attention to detail and history make it a stay to remember.	
Sep 13 2008 	A great 5 nights at the Rookery	I travel a lot for work and have stayed in scores of hotels. This is one of the 2-3 nicest ones I have stayed in. It is in a neighborhood of London that is taking off, and has a great selection of great restaurants and bars withing a stone's throw. It is suremely well located, near the City but also right by a Tube station and a 20 minute walk from the theatre district. The hotel itself is a lovingly restored 17th century inn. The public areas are elegant without being overwhelming, and the room I stayed in, a standard double, was wonderful. A very comfortable antique double bed, a bathroom with a deep, old-style bathtub, that was itself as big as some hotel rooms I have stayed in in Europe. Lovely wood mouldings, period furniture, and modern touches (wifi, flatscreen hd tv, dvd players, etc.) to round it all off. I had breakast there twice, and both offerings were lovely and quite reasonably priced. The staff was uniformly courteous and supremely helpful. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Aug 26 2008 	We could have stayed longer.	We had a lovely four night stay at the Rookery. We had been looking for somewhere different to the usual hotels on offer and the Rookery didn't disappoint. The staff were very friendly, the rooms lovely and comfortable and the location fantastic. Really near to the tube for easy access and plenty of places to eat near to the hotel (we had breakfast at Smiths and dinner at The Larder which were both really nice, St Johns was also nearby but it was being refurbed at the time but we plan to return) Loved the honesty bar, nice to be treated like an adult and not a prospective criminal. Toiletries in the room so nice we looked them up in Harrods and bought big bottles of the stuff. The rooms make the stay feel like a real treat. We were worried by some reviews about noise from the market and the nearby club but we didn't have a problem, we were that tired anyway from exploring London and the beds were so comfy it wasn't an issue. Although there wasn't an extensive room service the hotel does have a directory of local businesse who will deliver food although we didn't try this out. The breakfast was really enjoyable. All in all I would thoroughly recommend The Rookery.	
Jul 1 2008 	A little Oasis in the City	My husband and I live and work in London. We live in deepest, darkest South London and in fact I have an hour long commute to my office in West London every day.We also have a 7 month old baby who we are reluctant to leave, but we really needed a break and his godparents kindly offered to babysit and housesit for a whole weekend.I had heard about the Rookery before and we thought it would be perfect for a weekend as 'tourists' in London but still be close enough to get home to our baby if necessary.I can't say enough good things about this place.Service is good- friendly, interested but discreet staff.As soon as you enter the foyer you know you are in for a treat- wood panelling, deep pile carpets, lovely oil paintings and flowers everywhere. I instantly relaxed.Our room was the lovely 'Mary Lane' , rather like sleeping in a hayloft- lots of beams and panelling above our antique bed. Extremely romantic and cosy.A note- keep the windows shut and the air conditioning on if you are warm- the Rookery is a stone's throw from the famous club 'Fabric' and at throwing out time (5am ish), that room would be noisy with the windows open.The bathroom has Aveda toiletries (another tick in my book and we had a huge roll top bath. It was bliss. I had 4 baths in 2 days.Order a pot of tea for two and you get lovely biscuits with it!There is a cute little garden out the back- like a patio filled with urns of flowers. We brought some champagne with us and drank it outside before going out for dinner. There is no restaurant- breakfast is delivered to your room but we saved the £15 and went to the M&amp;S food hall right next door which is also open till midnight every night.Loads of choice nearby to eat. We went to Smiths of Smithfield on the Friday night for a steak. Buzzy atmosphere, full of after work suits, but average food. Saturday night we went to Vinoteca on St Johns Lane parallel to the Rookery. (the famous St John restaurant was closed for refurbishment).Staff were extremely knowledgeable about wine and food.The food was fantastic- best meal either of us have had in a long time and we are not your average punters as my husband runs a restaurant and bar and is passionate about good food and usually terribly critical! Attention to detail was very good. They make their own biscuits to go with the cheese platter and they were absolutely sublime!Definitely reccommend Vinoteca.Ididn't want to leave the Rookery- it was a wonderful weekend and a fantastic hotel. I have a very demanding job and am not allowed to take a holiday during the summer months so this was a perfect break for me to recharge my batteries.We will be back and I really recommend it for a luxurious treat in the heart of the city.	
Jun 19 2008	Very disappointed..	5* boutique hotel with a lack of showers (not great when you have somewhere to be and the bath takes ages to run), rubbish ironing board and iron which had seen better days, no breakfast service and the NOISE from the street below is hideous late at night. Shame because the hotel itself is beautiful and the staff are lovely. It wasn't upwards of £200 pn, it wouldn't be so galling...	
Apr 21 2008 	Nice place shame about the noise	I should come clean immediately. I wasn't feeling terribly well when we stayed at the Rookery, and was a whisker away from cancelling the stay. But hang on, I thought to myself, what better place to recouperate for a couple of days, than in one of London's finest boutique hotels? The location of the Rookery, in my opinion, can't be beat. It's a little off of the beaten track, which is a good thing, but a 15 minute walk or 5 minute cab ride, to the heart of Theatreland and the West End. Farringon/Clerkenwell is an area steeped in history and provides great access to the City, Shoreditch, Islington and the Tate etc. So for tourists and business people, it's a great location. The building itself and the rooms are also lovely, and they've done a marvellous job of playing up the area's history and relating it to the hotel. The rooms are also well appointed with lovely beds, comfortable furniture, TV etc. which really make you feel at home. The service was a bit lackluster on our arrival, with the staff seemingly perturbed by our arrival. There is also very limited service within the hotel, with a small room service menu, and precious few other facilities. What really lets this place down though is the noise. Previous reviewers have noted it, and we may have been just really unlucky, but having spent a lot of time in this area, I very much doubt it. Clerkenwell is a very lively place, and the Rookery sits on a shorcut for clubbers travelling to one of London's finest clubs Fabric. This means that I'd consider it quite likely that you'd be woken up by drunken revellers at 3am making their way to or from the club. Particularly unfortunate were we, that the revellers decided to revel for a while almost directly outside our window, which had we been on the ground floor, would have been seriously disconcerting. The noise within the hotel was pretty bad too. I appreciate that this is a four hundred year old building, but I could hear people walking above, and toliets flushing next door. All of which would be ok, but this hotel is normally around the £200 a night mark, which I'd expect a bit more for. Within walking distance is the Zetter, Malmaison and recently opened Coach &amp; Horses for a more &quot;authentic&quot; stay (its owned by Malmaison too!) and I think in future, I'd plump for one of them instead. Yes, this is a really interesting hotel with lovely rooms, but if you're planning to stay there on a Friday or Saturday night make sure to take your ear plugs.	
Mar 31 2008 	A very special place	Two important things first up:1. I've traveled plenty for business and for pleasure and stayed in all sorts accommodation.2. Of all the places I've stayed - good and bad - I've never yet got round to writing a review (so the fact that I'm writing one now is pretty significant).My wife and I booked into the Rookery for weekend break (Friday- Sunday) at the end of March 2008. We didn't have any specific plans for the weekend and really just wanted a relaxing few days away in one of London's quieter districts, but within easy reach of good bars, restaurants, markets, shops, galleries, etc. We booked the trip the day before and got a good last minute rate on a standard double room which was a fair bit cheaper than the hotel's rack rate.We've stayed in more modern hotels, and hotels with a wider range of facilities but we've never stayed anywhere with the feel of the Rookery. With its tasteful, comfortable, not-trying-too-hard decor and its professional, helpful staff we both agreed that staying at the Rookery felt more like spending a weekend at a friends place than checking into a hotel.Linen, towels and toiletries were all very high quality. Honesty bar and lounge on the ground floor was well stocked and very comfortable with its rugs, sofas and open fire. A small minus point for the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the room.The Clerkenwell area of London is very interesting - particularly if you know London well already and are a bit bored with the hotels and attractions of the West End. The narrow streets and alleyways are great for exploring and the markets on the fringes of the City (a little further to the East, around Liverpool St.) make for super Sunday browsing and shopping. Restaurants local to the Rookery were numerous and looked good - try the excellent Smith's of Smithfield on Charterhouse St. for breakfast.A few reviewers have mentioned the nightime noise levels. The standard double we stayed in (the rooms all have names rather than numbers!) had secondary glazing which cut the street noise down to an acceptable level. The one way system means that street directly outside the hotel is quiet quiet (not too many passing cars etc) and we found that most of the noise came from people queuing to get into a club in the next street. I suppose there might be some more noise when the club closes but I can't say that either my wife or I heard anything during our stay. If you think this might be a problem for you then just bring some ear plugs. It's probably also worth noting that we were there over a weekend; during the week there may well be more noise from the Smithfield meat market which is pretty close.So, all in all, a really special experience at a reasonable price, and one which we hope to repeat very soon.	
Feb 22 2008	Stlyish but not overly chic.	This is one of my favorite places to stay in central London. It's a wonderful old building in a great neighborhood, with far more charm and class than most London hotels, and it's not trying too hard to be chic. The rooms are wonderful and the service has always been excellent. It's definitely not cheap, but there are deals to be had - it's worth phoning the hotel directly and asking, as the last time I stayed there were no deals listed on the website, but when I spoke to them I got a very good price. If you're staying on a weekend night it's worth asking for a room at the back, because this area has a lot of clubs and pubs.	
Feb 17 2008 	Nice but Noisey	We have just come back from a night's stay at the Rookery Hotel. it is in a prime location right near to Farringdon Tube Station. The hotel is very nice and very 17th century. The staff were very pleasant upon arrival. The room was a nice size. We opted for a superior double which is apparently slightly bigger than the double. After reading several reviews we requested a room on the second floor so we weren't too close the bar and also towards the back of the hotel. The room we were given was at the front. I didn't say anything as it didn't seem that noisey when we arrived. My only complaint would have been the noise throughout the night. The Hotel is very close by to two major nightclubs and also Smithfields Meat Market. Around about 3 am I was woken to lots of people walking past and lots of lorrys/vans beeping outside. I presume this was for the market and the people were leaving the nightclub. I was woken up a few times in the night. This would be my only complaint. Everything else about the hotel was very nice.I would most DEFINATELY request a room at the back of he hotel where you will not hear any noise. This would make it an ideal choice if you didn't hear any noise!We at Cafe Du Marche which is a french restaurant just around the corner from the hotel and was devine. For breakfast we ate at Smith of Smithfields which was also v nice.Overall I would recommend this hotel as it was lovely with great decor and very romantic my only complaint would be the noise which isn't really their fault!!!	
Nov 10 2007 	Nice but overpriced	I only stayed one night at the hotel. The hotel is nice, it's got an olde worlde atmosphere, the staff were very pleasant and helpful, it has antique furniture, nice oil paintings etc. The room was a good size, it had a flat screen television and roll top bath . Personally i didn't think that it was worth the expense - £241.00 for one night with a continental breakfast, fortunately it was booked through work and they will pick up the tab - if it was my money i wouldn't have stayed there.	
Nov 7 2007 	Sweetly quirky urban getaway	I stayed at the Rookery Hotel (in Clerkenwell, east-central London) in mid-October; I made the booking through Tablet Hotels for 119 pounds a night (it was advertised as a 'single room / weekend rate'). The hotel itself was surprisingly charming. I'd read--probably on TripAdvisor, come to think of it--that the hotel might really be an overpriced B&amp;B in disguise, but the reality was, for me at least, this: a small, cozy, unintimidating place with good linens and bath products, a little bit of design, and an unbeatable location just off the beaten path (for sweatshirt-clad tourists and hipsters in skinny jeans alike). The reception was friendly but not intrusive (I'm just young and poor enough to hate it when I'm 'shown to my room,' and the desk attendant figured this out immediately, letting me orient myself on my own). The room itself was sweet, with just enough olde tyme charm--the carved wood headboards are everything the hotel's website claims they are--to resonate historically and just enough strangeness--a bath area separated from the main bedroom by thick velvet (or silk?) curtains instead of a door!--to feel like a departure from life (and hotels) as usual. I have no idea if they ever book two people in a room like mine (the bed was a double); it would admittedly take a certain kind of couple to deal with the curtained bathroom/toilet area. But, alone as I was, it was a perfect place to hide out when I wanted a break from the city; and when I didn't want a break, bars and restaurants (e.g. Tas, The Eagle) were just a few minutes away. Road noise (from drunk people heading home) was, on Friday night, occasionally a problem, but I slept pretty well. God knows the dollar sucks right now, so it was far from cheap, but 119 a night in London is still less than what most folks pay for a Holiday Inn. I was charmed--and not because of any American Anglophilia--and able mostly to forget the whole Pete Dougherty thing. Oh, and after comparing notes with a friend who stayed (at nearly the same time) at The Zetter, another Clerkenwell boutique hotel, the Rookery seems like a much better deal: bigger rooms, quieter location, more welcoming design.	
May 21 2007	good location and very comfortable but noisy	The location was great, the superior-double room was spacious and comfortable with a beautiful double antique bed and large bathroom and big cosy dressing gowns.The down side was that our room faced the main street and was very noisy - even with double glazing and ear plugs.There was no complimentary tea or coffee though it could be ordered from room service. Breakfast (not included in the room rate) was a bowl of greek yogurt with a splinkling of muesli and honey and a brown warmed roll - pleasant enough, but ours arrived without any butter or marmalade.Overall, although our room was lovely, we would choose to stay somewhere a bit quieter and for the price we would have appreciated complimentary tea and coffee.	
Apr 23 2007 	An overpriced B and B aimed at Americans	Seduced by a recommendation and a beautifully assembled website I stayed here for a night on business in Apr 07, in a deluxe room.On arriving I was greeted by a part-English speaking waiter at the desk, and invited to lug my bag up a narrow staircase to my room on the first floor.The room was small, about 150 square feet, with a small creaky &quot;antique&quot; bed. The bathroom was miniscule. This was definitely a room for one, and I felt sorry for anyone who booked in as a couple.Though creaky, the bed was comfy, and the linen high quality.I went to bed serenaded by the low life noise of the street, and eventually slept until 3 am, when the Smithfield Meat Market vans started to arrive to unload their cargoes. They queued up in the road outside my window, and a variety of noisy stereos serenaded me awake. This continued until about 7 am.I ordered a cup of tea, which took 45 minutes to arrive. In theory you can order food in your room, but mine had no table to eat at so I passed.In sum, this sets out to be a quirky boutique hotel in the heart of the city. In practice it is a moderately comfy bed and breakfast (without the breakfast), priced at the same level as an executive room in a five star London hotel which would give you more than twice the space and half the noise.I was surprised by the comments in the visitor's bok, until I realised that most of them were from either Americans or newly weds.I would certainly not return to this place.	
Apr 4 2007 	Old London	My husband and I stayed at The Rookery for 6 nights in October 2005. We loved being out of the really touristy areas and enjoyed the &quot; old London &quot; feel of this beautiful hotel. A bit of advice : we stayed in &quot; Clarice of Cook's Lane &quot; ( all the rooms are named after the building's former resident's. ) It is on the ground floor and right next to the honor bar. We only had a problem with the noise coming from a large gathering one night, which the staff quickly put an end too. Hey, we waited until 2 to complain, but enough is enough !! The real issue was that that particular rooms seems to be across from a staff door which bangs quite loudly day and night. I would reccommend a second floor room. The room was large, with a generous armoir and a huge bathroom with lovely claw foot tub AND shower attatchment. Smith's of Smithfield was a great breakfast spot, and I highly reccommend their top floor fine dining restaurant ( be prepared to splurge a bit - it's not cheap.) There are several nice pubs and a hopping nightlife if you have the energy after a day of sight seeing - it doesn't seem to really get going until midnight. We really enjoyed our stay and will return, but not to that room !	
Dec 19 2006 	A wonderful historic building	The hotel is in the city and near many historic places of interest as well as convenient for the underground and links to the rail network.The hotel is really 3 historic buildings that have been merged together to create an oasis in the city. I really did get a feeling of the 18th century from the building, colours and furnishings. The hotel has a reading room and a very comfortable sittingroom with an open fire with an honesty bar. The bedroom was large, very comfortable and beautifully furnished. The hotel was also very quiet. Also had a fabulous bathroom.The staff were very friendly and efficient.I will be returning to the hotel.	
Nov 5 2006	Creaky!	We have just returned very tired from our stay at the Rookery.The hotel is really nice and our room was good with big bathroom and roll top bath etc but it was so noisy. The floors are really creaky so if the person upstairs was walking around you could hear every step. The windows were only single glazed too which meant no traffic noise was blocked out.I wouldn't stay here again as the creakiness was too much. We stayed at weekend but people were still up at 6 and that was the end of your lie in.Shame really as the room was immaculate, comfy bed etc.Location is good .	
Oct 14 2006 	Quirky	Pleasant stay. Staff very helpful and friendly. Old building with plenty of charm and character. Lacks some of the amenities of modern hotels. If you like straight up &quot;plushness&quot; this may not be the place for you on the other hand if you are looking for something different you'll like this place	
Sep 14 2006 	very very happy	Stayed at the Rookery in a deluxe room (sir walter....). on two levels,it had a lovely entrance hall bit- a seperate sitting area, four poster bed and large victorian style bathroom downstairs. I was thrilled and found it excellent value for money. if you like dark and moody with a period feel- this is for you. I will look forward to staying in the Rooks nest next time!	
Aug 31 2006 	Lovely hotel but didnt think it was worth the money	I stayed at this hotel for one night earlier this year.Although I do think the hotel is lovely, I really thought it was overpriced. I paid £120 for a double room and it wasnt anything spectacular. Ive stayed in nicer hotels for the same rate and got more for my money.As well as this, when I arrived I was asked for my debit card so that they could take authorisation until morning when the money would be taken. I advised that man at reception that I was paying by another method and did not want the money taken out of my accout to which he assured me it was simply for security and no money would be taken, oh and he keyed in an amount of £200 even though the room was £120.Anyway, a few days later when checking my bank account I realised that they were still holding my £200 and it hadnt been released back to my bank account. I had to go through the process of phoning the hotel and getting them to phone the bank to confirm the money could be released back to my account which took alot of phonecalls from myself to sort this out.Then to top it off, my card was mysteriously used fraudulently the day after to purchase goods over the internet.I wouldnt stay here again. although its a nice enough hotel, its not worth the money they charge.	
Aug 21 2006	Perfect Romantic Getaway	This is the second time we have stayed at the Rookery and each time it has been an absolute pleasure. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.....With five kids at home the Rookery has provided us with the perfect little bolthole to escape the delights of chaotic family life! The staff are friendly and welcoming without being pushy or false and the rooms are delightful! Huge dramatic beds with wonderful plump pillows, gorgeous bathrooms begging to have you relax in the clawed feet baths with a glass of bubbly and a small but tasty selection of room service meals that mean you wouldn't have to leave the haven of the Rookery's walls unless you felt really driven! Mind you if you did want to venture out into the City you couldn't be better placed...The Rookery sits in a quaint little back street right in the hub of Clerkenwell's funky bar district. With Covent Garden only a twenty minute walk away at the most it's also just round the corner from Fabric and a 10 minute stroll to Old Street but suffers no noise to disturb you post pubbing and clubbing! Can fully recommend Smiths of Smithfields for a lazy Sunday morning brekkie which is also just round the corner... Discovered I'd left a dress in the wardrobe this morning when unpacking and was assured that it would be no trouble for them to post it to me immediately at their own expense... now you wouldn't get that kind of service too often these days! Go on book a night here... you will not be dissapointed I promise!	
Aug 8 2006 	great romantic choice	We loved this hotel. It was easy to find and get to - being just steps away from Farringdon tube station...and there were tons of restaurants, pubs and starbucks just steps away. I had requested a romantic room and they gave us the Griffith room which was just lovely. The furnishings were great (the bed was not the most comfortable) but the bathroom with the cast iron soaking tub was just wonderful...especially after the flight overnight from New York. And the air conditioning worked wonderfully. The only con is that we had heavy luggage and they don't have an elevator so we carried it up to the 3rd floor ourselves (although they offered to do it for us). I would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006	Peace in the City	I stayed at the Rookery on 29 July 2006 as part of a surprise Birthday present organised by my wife, everything about the stay was perfect from the fully functioning Air Conditioning, the huge roll top bath, the huge bed with wonderful light white duvet, the very peaceful lounge/conservatory with outside sitting space, friendly but not &quot;in your face&quot; staff and of course the scrumptious continental breakfast that was served in our room, hot croissants, rolls and danish cooked on the premises.Anyone that wants to experience a real Dickensian Hotel in the City a stones throw from Smithfield should ensure they book at the Rookery.We stayed in the William Petit Griffiths Room and loved the ornate carved bed head which made you feel like you were in a castle, look for the turning handle hidden in the headboard.	
Jul 30 2006 	Charming quirky	This is a place for people who rate atmosphere and history as well as comfort. The rooms are not numbered, but named after people who had an association with the building. Our bed was a feast of gothic revival, with crenellations and carved faces. There is a conservatory with an &quot;honesty&quot; bar downstairs, and breakfast pastries were exceptionally good with home-made jam &amp; marmalade. Would be nice though to have facilities for making tea and coffee in the room.The hotel is a few steps from Smithfield market, and beyond that St Bartholomew's hospital . The Barbican centre and Museum of London are just a few minutes' walk away. We were relieved to find that this part of London is no longer as deserted as it used to be at weekends. We found service very good and very pleasant, and have already booked a return visit.	
Jul 27 2006	Things to bear in mind	I would very much agree with the recurrent praise for the individuality of this hotel in terms of the overall decor, furniture etc,However, I think travellers should note that this is a hotel without a bar or restaurant of its own. So if striking up conversation with fellow guests over a drink is important to you, this is probably not the place to stay. The rooms have minibars, and food (including breakfast) is provided via room service. There are, however, plenty of bars and restaurants nearby, mostly of good quality and central London prices.Also be aware that the hotel is close to Smithfield meat market, where the noise starts very early. Not a place for light sleepers.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Charm Not so Great Service	A charming intimate hotel, a step back in time to clawfooted tubs, handsome antique furnishings and original oil paintings on every wall. The hotel is cosy, sweet and functional. The service, while genuinely wanting to be helpful, did not know some of the simplest things, like how to get to Gatwick Airport and what it would cost. I had a street noise problem one night, not the other two. The hotel offers free wi-fi and the room do HAVE air-conditioning. I wholeheartedly recommend.	
Jun 1 2006	So romantic!	I booked a 4 night stay at the Rookery hotel in London after reading fantastic reviews on this website. Much to my delight, the hotel was as charming as the reviewers described. Very cozy, beautiful rooms, excellent service and loads of character!! My husband and I thoroughly loved it and the location was great! Many nearby eateries and the Farringdon tube station just a short walk away. LOVED IT!!!!	
May 30 2006	What a shame	Let me start by saying that, true to other reviews this hotel is a beautiful property. It is unfortunate that the staff believe that they can use this as an excuse to be rude and unhelpful. I made two simple requests on the hotels website when I booked my room and both were ignored. Whilst the room that my girlfriend and I stayed in was lovely the airconditioning did not work and the heat in the room, even with the windows open, was quite unbearable, not to mention the noise from the market next door that would have certainly woken us if we were not already awake from the heat. The staff members working on the front desk came across as brash and arrogant and totally unconcerned in providing any level of service that would garner repeat visits to their establishment. The only plus side was the breakfast of warm pastries delivered to the door in the mornings but this, i'm affraid was not enough to salvage what was an altogether unpleasant stay.	
Feb 27 2006	Very noisy!	We booked this hotel following a series of excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. We had hoped to find a haven of tranquility and tasteful antiques but instead were very disappointed. The bedroom was on the front of the hotel and despite double glazing we were repeatedly woken during the night by people leaving nearby clubs.As for the &quot;antiques&quot;, compared to many of the small luxury hotels we have stayed at recently, these were a rather disappointing collection (according to a notice on them, hired from The Antique Rental Company).On the plus side, we had a very good breakfast served in the room and the staff were helpful on arrival. The location is convenient but do beware of the constant noise throughout the night.	
Feb 27 2006	Step back in time...	I recently stayed at this hotel as a reasonbly priced hotel in London on a Friday night and very pleased with the room; its was like a step back in time.	
Feb 25 2006 	beautiful boutique hotel	Let me start by saying we stay in london hotels at least 3 or so nights a month. Booked this one because we were meeting friends for dinner in Smithfields meat market and it was close....don't know this part of london well so wasn't sure what to expect....We stayed in the Mary Lane room on the top floor - we had requested something romantic and the room certainly lived up to it. It was small but beautifully decorated in a kind of terracotta colour with a vaulted beamed ceiling and tiny attic windows with wooden shutters like something from a dolls house. The bed was gothic with a carved headboard and velvet throws, the bathroom was period with a glass ceiling and a bath that can accomodate two, or a 6' plus guy....The conservatory with honesty bar was great - empty even tho the hotel was full...perfect for a nightcap...we thoroughly enjoyed our 2 nights there although the market does start early.In terms of places to eat and drink you are spoiled for choice within a 2 minute walk - but Smiths of Smithfields deserves a mention... ground floor all day breakfast, lunch and bar, first floor cool cocktail bar, second floor = casual dining and third = more formal - good prices, attentive staff and fantastic starters....for the price in London you really won't go wrong with this hotel - have stayed places at double the price which were not as good...	
Feb 23 2006	Gorgeous escape	I work about 500m further up st john street and travel a fair bit for business where i always seem to end up in soul destroying chain hotels. I can honestly say this is one my favourite hotels in the world. A few years back we were working very late on a pitch and couldn't get home so decided to check in here for a few hours kip. After that i kept finding excuses to come back - valentines day, birthdays etc. It really is wonderful.Firstly the area - I have worked in this area for roughly ten years now so have seen it's rise in popularity. it really is wonderful Tucked between the financial city and the west end, within walking distance of the river, yet totally untouristy and undiscovered. The area is home to many advertising / creative / design companies so has a slightly arty feel to it, although more corporates and financials are moving into the area. You have the meatmarket at the centre, which provides fantastic history and atmosphere (I suppose you could liken it to the meat packing district in new york). So many bars and restaurants, and the huge club Fabric. To eat I would recommend the restaurant at the Zetter, breakfast at the Cock Inn in Smithfield Market of Smiths of Smithfield (3 floors warehouse style, great buzz to the place), Vic Naylors on St John Street, Portal the Spanish restaurant on St John Street and The Bleeding Heart - the most romantic restaurant in London - just across Farringdon Road up towards hatton gardens. The hotel - small, intimate, atmoshperic, quiet, relaxing, a home away from home. beautiful period decor, unique furniture. might lack in certain luxuries if you are the type that prefers mod cons - plasma screen TVs, huge room service menu etc. but if you are looking for a perfect room, gorgeous bathroom, great service and a lovely continental breakfast delivered to your door with your newspaper I dont think you can beat it.	
Feb 15 2006	A Valentines Paradise	I don't really know where to start on this! Me and my boyfriend decided to stay in a hotel in London over Valentines weekend as he is going travelling for a month shortly after. We looked on Lastminute and saw some fantastic unusual hotels but nothing really jumped out at us. We finally choose one but on looking at its sister hotels found The Rookery. And what a find it was! We browsed the website and all the rooms looked lovely, period, and full of individual features, however we thought The Rooks Nest (the suite) looked a bit ott. So we booked in to a standard double room. After reading previous reviews on this site however I decided I wanted to give The Rooks Nest a go. I was not to be disappointed! You walk in and are confronted with another door and a staircase. Go through this other door and in front of you is a Victorian stand-alone bath, with shower, big enough for two! There is a little bathroom with toilet and sink off the main room, but the main feature has to be the bed! It is the best, most unusual yet extremely comfortable bed I have ever seen and slept in! It was fantastic! Upstairs you have a room which gives a really good impression of being 3 rooms. It is seperated by the hole in the ceiling! (Which is remote controlled and really good fun!) You have a TV area with comfy chairs, a &quot;breakfast&quot; area, with table and chairs and a desk area complete with high backed leather chair. The whole room is quite dark, but the wooden pannelling upstairs gives it a wonderful feel and the antique furniture throughout just makes it all perfect. The hotel itself was clean, quiet and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Oh, and the continental breakfast is delicious.I would most definitely go back, although as The Rooks Nest is not exactly cheap maybe I will give one of the other rooms a go next time! But for a romantic treat, this is the place to go.	
Jan 30 2006	A perfect weekend	We've just enjoyed a lovely weekend in this charming hotel. After many unsucessful hotel stays in London in chain hotels or those that look great on websites but don't live up to expectations, we've finally found 'our hotel in London'. If you like individual hotels, with quiet but helpful staff, surrounded by antiques, in what must be one of the most discreet hotels in London then this is for you. Add to that the delicious breakfasts, the fantastic bathrooms - our shower had a shower-head the size of a dinner plate - and the lovely conservatory with honesty bar. It's as near perfect as it's possible to get.	
Dec 8 2005	Something of the Night	There is definitely something of the night about this weird and wonderful Dickensian establishment.It is indeed dark, but that simply adds to the authenticity of this tucked away, characterful venue.One point though, we got there after bargaining with the concierge over the phone at around midnight. The management punished us the next day, however, by being really very surly indeed, and charging us for breakfast when it was already included.If you like this, you'll probably like the Colonnade Town House (no connection) in Little Venice too.	
Oct 17 2005	A hotel with real personality	What a lovely hotel...My girlfriend and I stayed there for one night. Everything about the hotel is in a period style. This is a totally different experience to a modern chain hotel. The rooms are named after former residents of the building.We stayed in a room called 'Dr Dodd'. Comfortable bed, antique wardrobe and desk, big bathroom with rolltop bath. There was aircon but it was quite noisy. Nice breakfast brought to your room in the 15 minute slot of your choice.The staff were all very helpful and friendly. They let us check out at 1pm instead of 11.30 am.One point to bear in mind - the hotel is close to Smithfield meat market which operates at night on weekdays. May be worth checking with the hotel about the noise levels if you are a light sleeper. We stayed on a Saturday night so it was pretty peaceful.	
Sep 18 2005	God I Love this place	My partner and I have now stayed here 9 times, and just booking the tenth.The rooms are cosy and romantic, a step back in time. We do hate some of the modern clinical hotels around now.The furniture is all antique, the beds are the most comfatable I have ever slept in. The area while it looks run down, is great, Try Zetters or Vic Naylors for a great meal. And it is well located for a cab ride into the west end.The staff are great, breakfast is wonderful, have stayed in about 7 different room now, so with a few more visits, we hope to have done all of them.	
Aug 23 2005	Small dark and inconvenient	My finance and I have just returned from a very big vacation. The highlight was to Singita in South Africa. We travelled there via London.We thought that spending a few days in London would help us readjust to urban life.We chose the wrong hotel. The Rookery is cozy. But it is also, very dark.There is very little lighting, no dimmers. Our room had a view of an office building, so we could never leave our drapes open. We could read their computer screens. The bathroom is charming, but it has no storage, and no electric outlets except for a single shaver.There were no dressers to put away clothes. The closets were very small.It was a struggle to put on makeup etc. We had to ask for an iron.Oh and they only cleaned our room once.I do not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 4 2005	Fantastic Sanctuary		
Jun 24 2005	Fantastic Find		
Jun 6 2005 	Old World Clashes with New World		
Jan 20 2005	Cozy and delightful		
Dec 8 2004	Please don't stay here!! I want it all for myself!!		
Oct 13 2004	great for honeymoon		
May 25 2004	Come in expecting a unique experience and you'll love it.		
Apr 23 2004	dont be put off by first impression		
Apr 19 2004	Lovely London Hotel		
Dec 3 2001	Pure Fantasy		
Jun 25 2008 	precioso hotel en el area de clerkenwell		
