Oct 13 2009 	Comfortable and friendly	I stayed here once a week for about three months on business and got to know the place and staff quite well. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The 'all you can eat' breakfast buffet is great if you like a cooked breakfast (which I do). It's generally quiet at night but some rooms are more prone to noise from plumbing/corridor. My only grumble is that although the staff are incredibly helpful, professional and friendly, the computer booking system isn't reliable - I had a favourite room that I'd pre book and confirm in advance every week only to find when I checked in the that computer had randomly allocated me another one. Other than that, great.	
Sep 4 2008	Dreadful	Stayed here in May 2008; and to be quite honest I am staggered by the number of positive reviews on this site. Sadly, I rate this place as one of the worst hotels I've ever had to stay in and struggle to find anything positive to say about the place. The whole place is shabby and tired and I agree with the comments regarding the single very slow lift and the distance to walk to some rooms. On the nights I stayed there the number of vans in the car park outnumbered the cars by about ten to one which says it all in my book. Perhaps I just caught it on a bad week though.My first room smelt as though someone had chain smoked all night on the previous day and after complaining I was moved to another room. Although the air was fresher the room was tired, the bathroom grubby and the bed hard and uncomfortable.The peeling formica on the sticky breakfast table was probably the final straw; my colleague and I both complained to our company and will not be staying here again. Enough said.	
Aug 26 2008 	great hotel	Loved our stay at the comfort, location/parking was excellent, the staff were polite/helpfull, (especially christian) rooms were clean, breakfast was great with a good choice, deffinately use this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2008 	wouldnt stay here again overpriced	my partner and i stayed here for a restful sleeep before a family reunion the following day.I used to live 5 minutes from the hotel and loved the location. It is right on a leisure park, with swimming, bowling, restaurants and cinema.We got there at about 730pm and checked in. It was costing us £65 for the night and we had asked for a non smoking room.When we checked in and got our room key, we walked down a long corridoor and our room was the last one there. It was very badly lit right down there and we were pleased to have the light from out mobiles to see the hole for the key.When we got intot he room, the first thing we noticed was the strong stench of cigarettes and how cold it was. The window was wide open, and this is the ground floor. We closed it and sprayed some perfume, but the smell stayed. As we were only there one night, we decided not to fuss about it and to get changed and we went out. We chatted about the hotel and decided that staff must have used it as an indoor smoking room for them with the window open as the sign on the window clearly stated, when asleep or not in the room, keep it closed and locked.Upon arrival later that night, we could still smell the smoke, was horrible, but thnakfully after 2 shoers and lots of nice smellies used, the smell died down a bit.The bathroom was lovely, big heated rail and the shower actually had some power behind it. Towles were also decent.We went to bed, and it took a while to get comfy, the beds are very hard, like there was a plank of wood under the matress, and the matress was only about 5 cm thick. Awful.Next morning we got up and went for the buffet brekkie. It was ok, probably the best bit of the stay. All food there that you could want and enough for everyone.We checked out, which took ages as we couldnt find a member of staff to check us out, and we were pleased to get into the car and head to our location!We had also eaten in the cafe rouge on site, but do not recommend it. Very overpriced and the food is all very greasy, even the spaggetti! No organisation either.Would never stay here again unless they reduced the price quite a bit or became one of the other more known chains of lodges.	
Jul 1 2008	Very Friendly	From the moment we made our booking, we were made to feel welcome. Very friendly and polite staff. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms in need of up dating, but very clean	
May 27 2008 	Cheap but cheerful	overall this hotel is very good for the price.The hotel is quite a way from the tube station, so we jumped on the bus and 5mins later they dropped us right outside the &quot;Megabowl Complex&quot;, just across from the hotel.Our friends checked in before us and were given a room which smelt of smoke, the receptionist moved them straight away with no question.Our rooms were a bit basic, but clean and tidy, which is all you can really expect for £60 a night B&amp;B.We ate over at Nandos on the leisure complex which was lovely, and the hotel arranged us a taxi to Muswell Hill which was only £8 each way, very reasonable.Breakfast was served between 8am and 10am, when we arrive for breakfast at 9.50am they had run out of sausages &amp; bacon, we asked for some more &amp; they brought us more hot food, no problem.Overall I would definatley stay in this hotel again, and have no problem reccomending it to others.Just dont expect 5* for £60.00 and you will be plesently suprised.	
May 24 2008 	Locked out of our room!	The Comfort Hotel is in fact quite uncomfortable. There is only one lift, and if your room is far away from the lift it can be quite a hike, there was no offer of help with our luggage.Being pensioners we needed help. The breakfast was late being served and an example of the food actually served was in the baked beans which were served resembling a bean soup - no thank you! The worst part was that after arriving back on the second night, tired and weary, from the long journey from central London we found that our room door had been locked by the management. Returning the long tiring trek to reception we were told that this had been done because the previous evening we had charged £4.90 worth of drinks to our room for which reception had no credit card.(None was asked for.) Worse still they had not serviced our room because of the same problem! Having paid the £4.90 and slept in unmade beds, with no toilet rolls, and damp towels - we complained, checked out, and went to stay in Days Hotel in Shoreditch, London, for two more days.The management was far better there!	
Apr 7 2008 	Overall Good - But Hard Beds	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for one night, wanting somewhere with good parking in North London. We arrived early but the receptionist was very friendly and helpful switching our room so we could check in early. The room was a good size and clean with a decent sized bathroom with bath and shower. Everything was in good condition and worked OK. The car park was plenty big enough (and free) and there was a leisure centre next door with a cinema and several eating places.Breakfast was surprisingly good with a hot, if fairly limited buffet (bacon, eggs, beans, sausage, tomato) plus cerials, yoghurt, toast, preserves, orange juice, tea and coffee. The only real downside was the bed which had a rather thin and hard matress and you could feel the springs through the material. The bed came with a quilt which was nice but if only the matress could have been a bit better!!Overall, for the price (£65), it served our purpose well and we had nothing to complain about apart from the hard bed. If I could give half a point I would probably rate the hotel as a 3.5.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fantastic week at the Comfort Hotel!	This is the best hotel over all I've stayed at in the London area. The room was spacious (basic room with double bed). It was very clean. Full English complimentary breakfast, free high speed Internet, TV, nice big bathroom with bath and shower, friendly staff, and affordable. Would love to stay again. Also it is right by a bus stop, bus 263 will take you right to the station which is about 5-7 min away. I was very pleased with my week's stay.	
Feb 8 2007	More a Cofort Lodge than Comfort Hotel but good none the less	A lodge - style hotel handily located a minute from the North Circular Road, ideal if you are driving or visiting North London. The hotel is modern and rooms were clean and well furnished.The hotel has all the facilities you would expect. Unfortunately the bar is not the most lively of places but it is useful to have it there. There is no food served in the evening but reception has a selection of menus for the local takeaways who will deliver.We ate breakfast at the hotel as it was included in the price otherwise we would have gone to Café Rouge next door, were incidentally hotel guests receive a 10% discount. We were late and the food was average but our friends told us it was better earlier. We would happily stay here again and probably will the next time we are visiting our friends who live nearby.	
Dec 1 2006 	Would Go Again	We picked this hotel after being totally shocked with prices for rooms in more central London. We usually stay at the Hilton, and never before paid more than £100 a night. Once you add parking on top of that it is about £125+congestion charge. So we got a room at this hotel with parking included and breakfast for £84. Plus we didn't drive in to the center we opted for the tube instead so saved £££ on the congestion charge. The hotel is good for the money. PROS: 1. Clean hotel. 2. Good for smokers. 3. Spacious rooms. 4. Free and safe parking (we left our new Mercedes with a little hestitation but it was fine). 5. Friendly staff6. Power shower and well heated roomCONS:1. Smoking room really smells like smoke.2. There was a bit of mold in bathroom, but I can see why after having a power shower and water spraying everywhere...3. Double bed was small and not too comfy, but we are two above average sized people who are used to a king bed. I think if I stayed again I would get two twins! Pillows were not good....I think this hotel is great if you are driving to London and are only staying for a few days (we stayed one night). They said it was a 25 minute walk to tube station or short bus ride. However we drove to Wood Green shopping mall and parked in their secured parking for £2 (up to 4 hours or £5 thereafter) and got the tube from there... just down the street. I would stay here again... but would bring my own pillow....	
Sep 5 2006 	Excellent Value for Money	I'd read other good reviews of this hotel and, after spending last weekend there, was really impressed. It is really clean, the buffer breakfast was good, the staff really helpful. The only disappointment was the taxi the hotel recommended - perhaps the only taxi driver in London who didn't know any street names. Apart from that it was great.	
Jun 24 2006	great place	had a great stay well located staff very friendly and helpful stsyed twice already will be going back soon would recemendit for going into town or shopping at woodgreen &amp;brent cross also toggo an see a show lovely swimming pool at hand an nice places to eat could get used to staying here	
