Nov 21 2009	Great Location for the 02 - Nice Hotel - Bargain Tariffs	Went to see Beyonce in concert (AMAZING!!) so me and my sister wanted to be close to the 02, so we were not travleling half way across the city when the concert ended! Had to use the DLR line and Jubliee line....really good services ! Only 2 stops and your at the 02....you may even be able to walk there from the hotel (not sure of the route tho). When checked in I explained I wanted to pay for the room on arrival rather than departure (so i didn't spend the money when I was out)..this was fine. However on the second morning/last morning of my stay I went down to have breakfast and the waiter said he would charge the breakfast to my room, and I explained i had already paid for the room so would pay for the breakfast there and then! He said he had no record this and that the room still needed to be paid for! I was not impressed and explained I had a recipt in my room etc. I went and had breakfast (just contintial.....nice tho loats of choice !!!! )and went to reception after to sort it out but the receponist didnt mentioned anything! Which is good I was not in the mood for arguing the fact I had already paid for my bedroom !! The room was really nice ! Nice view over the river, TV worked well and had a good signal! Basic tea and coffee in the room (i took some food of my own). Bathroom good...shower very powerful :) :) Only 20 minutes into central London so perfect for exploring the city !! Overall really nice place and I would stay again and will reccommend to my firends and family :)	
Sep 23 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	I stayed at this hotel as I was visiting an exhibition at the nearby Excel venue. I had not stayed at an Ibis previously, and if a choice was available, would probably choose Premier Inn over Ibis.I must stress that you can't fault the place for cleanliness and helpfullness of the staff. I am not really a budget hotel person, and I've stayed in places that are better value for money overall.Rooms:These are very basic. The walls appeared to be rough painted concrete or cement, there was no carpet, more like something you would find in a kitchen. The bed was not particualrly comfortable, as the matress was about 4in thick and put straight down on wood.The bathroom was like a modular unit, that was presumably dropped in when the hotel was constructed. The bathroom was very clean and the shower was roomy.Location:This was ideal for Excel, but not really for anything else. You could see the O2 (Dome), but this would be a fair distance if you were walking. The hotel is based near the DLR network, Custom House station. But the DLR does not run particularly late, so if you went out further afield, you may end up getting taxi.Noise:The problem with a budget hotel is the type of people who stay there. There was a lot of noise outside of the hotel at about 2am, this was even clear from the 7th floor. Colleagues who stayed the night previous, said it was noisy then also.General:The bar areas were clean and tidy, plus the drinks and service were OK. I did not eat at the hotel, other than breakfast. But this was continental, and for the price I would have expected a fry up.	
Aug 13 2009	Very Modern Excellent Hotel	I stayed here several nights with a large EF Tour Group. This was an excellent hotel with plenty of amenities. It was large, spacious, and modern. Check in was great. Staff was friendly and helpful. Expect lots of tour groups staying at this hotel. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The hotel was quiet. There is a large marina out back of the hotel and we had nice walks around the water as we watched the swans and boats. There was a small grocery store across the street. It was a great place to stay.Even though the hotel was located far from the center of Longon, the hotel was a short walk from the Tube (subway). The buffet breakfast was the best we had for 16 days in Ireland and the U.K. There was a pay Internet service in the lobby - 20 minutes for 1 pound and a pay telephone. Expect to wait if you want to use the Internet. There was a bar on the first floor. There was plenty of seating in the lobby for just lounging around. The elevators were modern and quick. I would definitely stay here again on a trip to London.	
Jul 28 2009 	good price and location for london	i originally booked this hotel for the michael jackson tour at the o2 and decided to still spend the weekend in london after his death.ive got to say im suprised by the other comments on here. i had no problems whatsoever. nice smooth check in - yes we paid on arrival - whats the problem with that? car parking is next door the ibis shares this with novotel and is £12 per night. the hotel rooms yet basic provide a very clean bed and shower for a weekend in london. we were on the 7th floor and had a nice view over the river. i cant comment on breakfast as i didnt have it but opposite the hotel is a nisa shop that has fresh coffee and croissants. the hotel is right next to excel on a new development mainly of apartments and two other hotels. there is the nisa shop a spar and a few bars/bistros i got the impression there was more to come. the DLR station royal victoria is a 3 min walk from the hotel and is around 15-20 mins to central london. the offpeak (weekend) day pass is £6.30 (not an outragous amount to pay for all day hopping on and off the tube)overall this is very good, clean, value for money, if you want plush pillows, hairdryers toiletries, etc go pay the £240 per night next door.	
Jul 9 2009 	Clean rooms shame about the staff and the location	Stayed at the Ibis Excel for 1 night. We weren't expecting anything fantastic but were still disappointed in general. On the plus side the room was spotless and we had a good view of the river and the O2. On the downside, the reception staff were rude and uncommunicative and it took absolutely ages to check-in. Before we arrived we were told we would be able to check-in early yet when we got there were told it wasn't possible as no rooms were available just 1 hour early - find this hard to believe. If we'd not been told otherwise, we wouldn't have bothered trecking across London just to drop our bags off. The door to our room didn't lock properly. The hotel location isn't very handy for anything really. In general, I don't think it is even worth £65 a night. The quality of the hotel was what I'd expect if paying more like £40. Breakfast was ok - although choice was limited even for a continental breakfast. I wouldn't stay here again, its worth paying the few quid extra to stay in town so you don't waste half you're time on the tube.	
Jun 28 2009 	poor hotel	stayed here for a weekend night- hot stauffy day- told hotel ahd heating but no air conditioning .Poor reception by reception staff-poor language of english spoken.Wrong room given twice to me - x1 room could hear loud voices- would not open door!IMy room key was given to another couple who unlooked my room(no fault of theirs ) and were embrassed.When i complained - i was offered a voucher for 1/2 a pint of beer for my traells up and down the hotel 3 times with mis matched rooms, others intruding in the room etc... What a joke! i will not be staying there again.	
Mar 14 2009 	Go somewhere else	I think this is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in........and I've stayed in a lot of hotels as I travel extensively for my job.......Everything was dirty; the staff or management were not interested in listening, the room was small &amp; cramped and poorly equiped.There is only 1 pillow per person in the rooms...you want another one? Go to ReceptionWant a hairdryer? Go to receptionWant some towels? Go to reception (please note these were not extra towels; there were not any towels at all)Need an extra blanket? Go to receptionWant to settle your account on departure? Unlucky; you pay on arrival despite all Ibis literature saying you settle your account on departure and being assured when you book that this was the case and you are obviously wrong because the hotel staff would never say that to a guest....yes, that was what I was told on arrival. If you are buying drinks from the small &amp; considerably overpriced bar, please make sure you have near enough the right money.....£17 change in 50p was not fun trying to get into my purse. No attempt to get any change from anywhere else let alone an apology; I had a smirk and shrug from the barman.Breakfast was not worth the £5.50 for a few croissant &amp; coffee I had as I was 'too late and everyone else has eaten everything; you'll have to have what's left' (breakfast runs until 10am; I was there at 9.30am)I'm actually surprised this hotel is still trading; perhaps it's closeness to the Excel is the only thing that keeps it open.......I talked through my experience with some friends before posting this; I thought that I was expecting too much but as one friend commented that this was all simple &amp; basic stuff that any decent hotel would provide as a matter of course; from a hairdryer in a room, to a few towels to a curteous service.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great for o2	Stayed here for a Tina Turner Concert at the O2. Very good for access to o2 and excel. It's a very short walk from Custom house Docklands Light railway and is next to the Excel centre, takes about 30 mins from central london but again very easy.For the o2 it was 2 stops to canning town then 1 stop down to North Greenwich and the o2, very easy. And coming back from the concert was no problem as the crowds seemed to go the opposite way to us.The hotel is right on the docks and if you ask for a room on the waterside you can see the o2 from your window.First impressions very good, staff very attentive,hotel and rooms were very clean.Rooms are very basic but clean with a low bed with foam matress and bathroom pod with very good shower.Breakfast is Continental only from a buffet but very good choice rolls, cereal etc.Only problem was kids in the hotel, seemed like school kids staying while they go to school in city. When we arrived back at midnight a group of them in pyjamas were at reception and they were running up and down corridors.They continued to make a noise until about 4:30 am no one seemed to be supervising them and i was kept awake all night.When i poked my head out of the door one of them did apologise.I should of complained but was too tired.Overall a great hotel but if you do stay see if you can request a room away from the kids.	
Feb 17 2009 	Affordable Comfortable and Polite Staff.	Myself and friends have stayed in this hotel a couple of times. It is really close to the Excel Centre as that was where we were going. The staff are friendly here and try and help you out with any problems that you may have. There is a carpark which is underneath the Novotel Hotel but the Ibis customers can use this, it is great value compared to the Excel Carpark. When i went it was about £12 for 24 hours.The rooms are quite spacious, was always clean and tidy when i went. The Bar is good value, you can get food from the bar once the restaurant is closed.	
Jan 12 2009 	Like Camping	We were attending a party in the docklands for NYE and decided to stay at the Ibis Excel rather than getting taxis home. It cost £88 for the room. I was aware that it was only a 2 star hotel, however the fact that the hotel was only built a few years ago and the positive reviews on this site perhaps led me into a false sense of security. The best way to describe the rooms is 'Caravan Like' the decor, bed and minimal furnature were exactly like the interior of a caravan! The bathroom was a single white plastic moulded unit (shower moulds into wall, then into sink) which appears to have been plonked into the room, its also tiny! Ours smelt terribly of drains/sewage too, lovely. There is no Iron or Hairdryers in the rooms. Hairdryers can be borrowed form reception and there are 'Ironing rooms' located on two of the floors! Not fun wile getting ready for NYE and having to get the lift to another floor then queue for 10 mins to Iron your frock in front of other hotel guests!! This seemed even stranger for a hotel which is predominatly for business users! Pehaps if this was more clearly advertised it wouldnt have been such an issue. The staff were not nessacarliy rude, but would just clearly rather be somewhere else. There was only one barman, and each time we ordered drinks we had to request our change!! Im all for tipping but a least let me have the option!! Check in/Check out was quick and hassle free though. Overall I would say that this is purely somewhere to rest your head for the night, If you are planning to make a weekend out of a trip to the o2 then perhaps another hotel might be better!	
Aug 11 2008 	Ibis was a great deal with a great view of london from our room	My daughter and I needed a hotel when we found that the one we had originally booked on line was a dump! Upon seeing the dump hotel, we walked out and met a wonderful Canadian Couple (yea for the friendly Canadians) who told us about the Ibis by Earl's Court tube. We took a taxi and found a nice hotel in a working class area. We were about one block from the tube with a wonderful Brit employee who helped us use the Tube to get all over London. The Hotel Ibis was affordable, clean, air conditioned, had wonderful food, and our room was large with a grand view of the London Skyline! The staff was professional and polite. The buffet restaurant people evern gave me two big bowls of soup to eat in our room on the first night because we were too tired to eat out.We mostly ate at the neighborhood restaurants and pubs. It was wonderful because the food in London can be costly for an American if you figure that a 5 pound plate is really equivalent to $10.00 American! Every morning we would split a 5 pond plate of backed beans, two slces of ham, toast, hash browns, and sausage! This hotel and the neighborhood made out London stay fantastic.T &amp; K	
Jul 24 2008	Your Basic Hotel	I got back from staying at the London Ibis Excel a few weeks ago. I went with a large group and at 1 pm we checked in and got our rooms. The rooms were average in size. My room had a king bed and a twin bed. The bathroom was not that great. It was so tiny only one person could fit in at a time. The shower reminded me of a cruise ship shower (if you can picture one), very small. Sometimes the bathroom door would stick and you would have trouble getting out. The room was clean and I was happy about that. The breakfast was ok. There are long lines in the early morning, like 7, 8 am. It had meat, bread, pastries, cereal, and juice. The hotel is also very close to the DLR. It took about 5 minutes walking. Take the DLR and then you can board the Tube. This London Ibis Excel is just a very basic and average hotel. If you are looking for something small and clean, try this place.	
Jul 14 2008	Good Enough	It's an Ibis hotel, so be prepared for loads of teenage tour groups! I was in one of them. This isn't really a problem since the walls are thick enough, and the teens seem to contain their frivolity to the lobby. Unfortunately, there's only one telephone in the lobby and if you happen to need that phone, be prepared to have to yell to hear yourself over the billions of Columbian adolescent girls squealing in your ear. Well, that's what happened to us.The bar is nice though. They have a decent selection of beer and a large television showing random bar type programing. The rooms are clean, and big enough for my roommate, me, and our suitcases. The location would have been terrific since there is a train station just steps away from the hotel, but there happened to be some Christian revival going on at the Expo, which the station empties into, and we couldn't get back to our hotel either nights! We had to walk blocks and blocks around and over the river to eventually get back. This isn't anything against the hotel, but the British cops can be a bit wacky when it comes to events.The service seemed okay. The bartender was a bit slow, but it was busy, so I understand. I'm not sure about other services as I didn't require anything special. Although, when my tour group was going to stay out late, my parents returned to the hotel early by taxi, and they were able to get their key, and luggage from the storage room (we had to check in early). So they were accomodating in that regard.So, busy, but decent. I'd stay there again. I'd just make sure nothing is happening at the expo next door before I book a room.	
Jul 7 2008 	It's an Ibis!	This is an Ibis hotel.That means you pay a reasonable amount and get the standard Ibis service - fine but no great frills. If you want great luxury then go someplace else. If you want a fair price for an OK bed in London with reasonable services then this is fine.For me, three major plus points: fairly easy to get to and from the centre; air con; quiet (didn't hear a plane at all inside the hotel). A desk to work at, a bar to get a beer at and a reasonable shower were good bonuses.The food's not great, but it's an Ibis so it's what I expected. I obviously didn't get caught up in huge tour parties which could be a problem I guess, but I'll stay here again when I need to be in London working.	
Jun 12 2008 	Cracking Hotel Good Value	I stay in the London ExCel exhibition and conference centre area at least 2 times a year. I write about all the hotels I stay in on the ExCel complex so I direct you to my user name to get my reviews on the other ajoining hotels I have stayed at.If you are travelling to this hotel on the DLR alight at Royal Victoria as there are less steps to carry luggage up and down. Out of the station across the zebra crossing and at 10 O' Clock is a wide path between the apartment blocks. Walk along this path and you come onto Western Gateway. Turn left and the IBIS comes up on your right handside after about 250yds.This hotel is fantastic I find no problem with the room size and the staff are friendly. My room was cleaned everyday to my satisfaction and on checkin I asked for a room with a view of the dock and my request was agreed. From reading other reports I think people are expecting too much for the room rate you pay. I have now stayed here 3 times in 3 years with nothing to really complain about.The restaurant food is basic fayre but good value. I calculated the cheapest 3 course meal with a 0.5L bottle of still mineral water would cost just £14:55 a head.If you want items for your room for a long stay, then in Canary Wharf is a Waitrose and at Gallions Reach (on the DLR) is a TESCO Extra to keep your costs down.There are lots of eateries around the hotel and I found the quickest way to know where they all are is to pop into the ExCel centre next to the IBIS and get the free local restaurant guide from the information desk inside the door.I have also come across a WEB site which will be useful if you are staying at this hotel and visiting central London to see the sights. It is walkit.co.uk this site shows you the quickest walking route between two locations. If you are visiting London for the sights start your walking journey at Westminster Tube on the Jubilee line, all the sites can be walked from here. walkit is a great site for seeing London on foot.	
Jun 7 2008	Avoid!!! Avoid!!	Arrived at hotel just past midnight, having booked it four months in advance, to be told that they had no room for us!!! They taxied us to their Barking hotel, which was no where near any underground station and gave us a mere £10 reduction for our trouble!!So if you book this hotel, I recommend, you telephone on the day to check they have not given your room away to someone else.I thought this sort of thing only happened in Spain!!!	
May 31 2008	Extremely small rooms but clean interior	I stayed at this hotel for three nights with a bunch of EF tour groups (made up of high school and older middle school kids). When my group first went inside the hotel, we were pleased to see a very modern interior design. It didn't look like a nasty, cheap hotel; it was actually quite pretty.Hope that you won't get stuck in the hotel on a bad day, though. Since there were 300 kids staying in the hotel that night, and we had similar schedules, many times, I would have to wait more than five minutes for the elevator, or lift, I guess, to come to my floor. And by the time I got on the lift, more and more people would try to stuff themselves in and the just the trip going downstairs was terrible. Everyday, I had to take the stairs (WHICH ARE NOT EASY TO CLIMB UP AND DOWN!) so I often had a workout, even though I don't really need one...The rooms are TERRIBLY small, smallest I had ever seen. I think my college's dorm room will be bigger than what I saw! There are up to two beds in there and if you have a third guest, you can have a fold out bed near the window. The TV's quite small too with not too many channels (not interesting ones, too). Overall, the room was clean.The restroom (or washroom, I guess) was ALSO VERY SMALL! I remember how difficult it was to just go to the washroom...The weird door with NO LOCK (very very bad...I remember one of my roommates intruded on another still inside the washroom without knocking and my other roommate got really mad) and I remember the shower was weird, too. Oh yes, I remember; the shower cover was very weird with HOLES in it! so if the shower accidentally sprayed outwards, even with the shower cover there, the water can spray on the washroom floor! I remember the room floor was all wet when I stepped out! Another thing, there's no bath tub and the shower floor is almost flat, so the water can run under the shower cover and go on the washroom floor. The washroom, however, was also clean.It's nice that the London Underground is so closeby the hotel, which is perfect for anyone who is visiting. ESPECIALLY business people who are always on the go! It takes maybe 2-3 minutes to walk to the station.This hotel is probably the best for business people, since the rooms are so small, they look like they should house only one person. The one thing I hate about this hotel is no free wi-fi internet connection! But what I loved is that there's a free phone you can use downstairs! At least it was free when I was there.But the lines for the phone were long for me, especially since we were ALL from outside the country. Still great for business people always making calls!Breakfast is not bad, but you get very sick of it. I hated croissants after that.If you happen to regret your stay at Ibis and you're looking for a nicer stay immediately, try Novotel next door to Ibis.	
May 4 2008 	Great va;ue for money	Just used this hotel for 1 night stay to save either of us driving or travelling late. Brilliant value for money considerig location and people should bear this in mind when reading the negative reviews. Room is small but very functional and spotlessly clean, as is the whole hotel. Also breakfast is again great VFM, with ample choice of breads, baguettes, 'real' ham, fruit, cereals and cakes. Service was always friendly and if you're looking for a place to stay for £65 then you can't go wrong.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great Break Away	Initially I was going to stay at another hotel, but then read reviews on this page that made me think twice. A couple of posters gave me the heads up on the Ibis Excel and after checking its reviews on here I decided to go ahead and book it. I just got back today!I visited London with my 11 year old son for a respite break from fostering, we were looking for a hotel to use as a base after busy days sightseeing.The hotel is situated at the Docklands which initially seems a bit of a way out from Central London, but once you get on the jubilee line its a straight ride through to Canning Town and then just one stop on the DLR to Royal Victoria. you need a travel card to cover zones 1 to 3. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from th DLR, exit the station take a right and then follow the road as it bears around to the left its right next to the Excel centre (i put the directions down because we couldnt find it when we got off the DLR and wandered around nervously for a bit and there were loads of workmen around as the area near the DLR is under development) The hotel was just £55.00 a night and so for 4 nights we only paid £220.00. It was half term as well and so we expected it to cost more. (Breakfast not included £5.50 for adults and half for children under 11)The first impression was good, the hotel was clean, the carpets/floor, the tables, the bar was well stocked and the waiting area was bustling with life as many guests sat around comfortably having a drink and having a laugh.The hotel reception staff were very friendly and helpful which put me at immediate ease as this was the first time I had travelled to London for fun rather than on business or training. We were served quickly and efficiently and given directions to our room, which was a bit small but was situated on the 3rd floor and had an amazing view of the waterfront. (the morning views were amazing) The bathroom was spacious and the shower was huge and very powerful. The bathroom was very clean also. Tea and coffe faciilities in the room as standard.. The double bed was comfortable and there was a single bed in the room too.There was sufficient wardrobe space but not enough storage space for our cases which ended up on either side of the bed which was a bit inconvenient, but not major at all!The rooms were cleaned well each day and re stocked with all facilities. We ordered food from the bar on one night only because the restaurant said it would be 40 minutes as they were so busy, but the service at the bar was good, if a touch pricey. £7.50 for a v small margherita pizza. Drinks were overpriced too £1.80 for a tiny glass of coke, seemed less than a regular 330ml cans worth!overall we were very pleased with the Ibis Excel and decided that it was a good value stay and the next time we went to London we would definately book there. (top tip, make sure you leave over an hour travelling time to get back to Kings Cross, we only just made our train this morning as there's such a long journey back to central London.	
Jan 8 2008	Great Hotel!	Me and my sister stayed here for one night as we were down to see the Spice Girls :) It was a great hotel to stay in but we only stayed for one night, i might feel a bit different if it was 4 or 5 days as the rooms are quite small. They were clean and the view from our room was amazing, right on the water. The staff were ok, we were asking how to get to Madame Tussauds and they didnt have a clue what i was on about so ended up having to look up the net ourselves but managed to get the directions to the tube from them, which was only 5 minutes away! We got an all day ticket for the tube for £5 which got us to madame tussuds and the o2 arena. We tried to phone a taxi company but they were going to charge £30 to get there and back to and from the o2 arena.The area around the hotel seemed like a ghost town there was nobody about anywhere. The bars that were near the hotel where empty. I think this may be the time of year that we went as everybody would have left after the new year.We got 2 diet cokes from the bar before we went to bed and it cost £3.50 so god knows what the alcoholic drinks cost!The breakfast was great you can take as much as you want from a large choice of fruit, yoghurts, bread, meat, baguettes, croissants, muffins, tea &amp; coffee.The only thing that really worried me was when we were leaving we asked the receptionist to call us a taxi. When the taxi arrived it was unmarked and there was no meter in the car so i think it was an unlicensed cabbie.... not a good move as we are two young girls travelling alone! He charged us £8 to the airport which is what we paid there anyway!	
Jan 1 2008 	Poor Service	The only reason to stay here is if you have business at the Excel Centre- even so it might be worth it to travel in from central London. On the positive side- the facilities are clean, even if the rooms are small. The location across from the Excel Centre is excellent for the business traveller.Downside, staff were unhelpful and in some cases frankly rude. There is one public computer in the 'business centre' and as I experienced at another Ibis hotel in London, Internet access is easy only if you're affiliated with the Orange telecommunications group. Not ideal!Surrounding restaurants tend to be pricey, but if you must stay in this area, I'd recommend the Caribbean restaurant on the waterfront ( 3 minutes walk from the hotel).	
Dec 11 2007 	Lets not get carried away	The previous reviewer I would suggest has got carried away with what IMHO is a good utility hotel worth what you pay for it. A box with rooms however with a great view over the London dock area.No real facilities apart from a reception and combined bar/eating area. Location v good for both ExCel, O2 Arena and not much of Tube ride into Central London.However, it;s basic albeit clean and quiet.Bed somewhat hard, a tardis of a bathroom but fine if all you want is some shut eye during the night. By day it;'s right under the London City airport flightpath.It was worth the £65 I paid for the room. Nothing more but certainly as a crash pad after last nights Led Zeppelin concert it was quite, convenient, clean and not too uncomfortable.If I'd taken my wife, and I'd been the other end of London we would have stayed at the ParkCity in Kensington. OK not in the same price league, and not convenient to the O2 but divisions better.For what it is, and where it is I'd suggest you're ok at this hotel as long as you're looking for a bed, a shower and a beer.	
Dec 10 2007 	Ibis London Excel - a great place to stay at	The Ibis London Excel is one of the finest hotels I've ever seen.The outwardappereance is really clean and modern and it's like this inside.The bright entrance-hall and the bar beside are very welcoming and create a nice atmosphere.The hotel is directed at the exhibitioncentre Excel and it takes about 2 minutes to the station.And after max. 15 minutes you arrive at the city centre.The hotel's got a nice dinning-room, where you can enjoy your breakfast, lunch or dinner.The food is very good and theres a lot to chose from.Theres marmalade, cheese, pork, and yoghurt, 3 different kinds of cereals, different types of bred and baps.The staff is very nice and unproblematic. If you have something to complain about or to ask, you are always welcome.The rooms were comfortable and nice decorated.The bath was clean and the TV is a great enrichment, because you can watch naitonal TV-Shows and Eurosport, which I liked very much. In the hotel, theres said to be a sauna or something, but we weren't able to find (and we didn't search ambitiounesly).Concluding the Excel is a great hotel, which makes your stay in London even better.	
Nov 29 2007 	Worst Experience And I have travelled the world!	I am in Tourism and as such attended World Travel Market. A friend of mine works that exhibition and booked an extra room and offered it to me, even at no cost it was disgusting. I am shocked to read some of these reviews as it was the most appalling experience I ever had in my life. In fact as guests walked down this was consistently the talk on the lifts (elevators) and all public areas, namely how appalling the place was. The hotel staff were rude, not just unfriendly or unhlepful but outright rude. The rooms were so basic it was frightening. As you enter it smells musty or something, then you realise that your bed is two small beds on a wood frame that is half the size of a normal single. the mattress is thin, almost like they would issue in a jail or at a summer camp. The sheets dirty (place a dot with a pen on your pillow and sheets the first day and you will see them until you leave. The shower is clean but the entire bathroom is a cubicle built into the room. Water fluctuates so you may have it on hot and get a burst of cold and adjust it hotter then get burnt, I complained but this went unanswered. They give you two towels that are somewhere between hand and body towels, very odd. Almost none of their staff has a true fluid prooficiency of English, most being imported from France, and the service is reminiscent of being in the worst sections of Paris. They claim to offer wifi yet when I paid and did not get and used it and it went out, FOUR times, they not only would not call the company on a free phone number for me, but they did and put through to my room later to charge me a pound for each of the four calls, I was astounded. If you are the camping/trailer type then this may be acceptable for you, but if you need to stay in accomodations more than what you would expect a jail to offer, by all means go spend the extra 30 pounds a night and stay at the stellar hotels nearby like the sister Novotel and the Crowne Plaza both of which are fabulous and offer great service and nice rooms. The Ibis was built mainly to bilk people out of money during peak exhibitions when the other hotels fill up, sorry I would rather pay for the cab ride and stay off site next time.	
Nov 16 2007	Great Hotel	Absolutely wonderful hotel. Very clean, has a great continental breakfast. It is not in the city but easily accessible by light rail. Only a short walk to the DLR station. Definitly bring a hairdryer though they were out during my entire stay and they don't have them in the rooms.	
Oct 10 2007 	Good...	Hotel was nice and clean, slightly overcrowed due to amount of guest staying, the food was lovely. One thing that did concern me was that a couple of items went missing from our room, i did say say to the receptionsit and i did say say that it wasnt a big deal as that it only amounted to about £1 worth of stuff but the receptionist laughed when i walked away which i wasnt too pleased about and felt that it should of been taken seriously respective of wether i want to make an issue of it or not. due to this fact it be unlikey that i will stay there again and due to ongoing development in the area i may stay in neighbouring hotels.	
Sep 18 2007 	london short-trip	like all ibis hotels, ibis has its own standards and you can trust on them. ibis excel, london was excellent, within 20 min u r in london city. the hotel is easy to find and offers an beautiful view to the royal victoria docks &amp; themse. So make sure to book a room in one of the upper floors. (just take DLR to royal victoria dock station from the city)we stayed for a long weekend (bank holidays in uk) at ibis and got a very good rate for london: 40 GBP per night (special offer from the hotels website)Usually it is hard to find a room in a private B&amp;B at this rate in london. The service was very good.The room is clean and the bathroom is small, but very clean.Good breakfast also. In addition to that they give a water boiler and instant coffee and tea every day into your room, when they do room service.good service/value for less money !	
Aug 14 2007 	Very Good Hotel	I stayed in the Ibis Excel and found it to be very good value for money our room was clean and tidy and we found it very easy to get into the city centre from here. The receptionist staff were very friendly and helpful even though we had got to the hotel very early they still let us check in, we were delighted about this as we were tired from a very early morning flight and we didn't have to carry our bag around London all day. The nearest station to the Hotel is Royal Victoria and then the Hotel is only a two minute walk away. We were going ot the O2 Arena to see Prince and this was an Ideal location it was just one stop from Royal Victoria to Canning Town where you change for the Jubliee line and one stop on the Jubilee line to North Greenwich this only took 10 mins at most. The concert itself was fantastic and we had no trouble returning to our hotel that night. I will be staying here again without a doubt I just wish we had another Prince Ticket.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Value	Stayed just 2 nights but a great value hotel in an expensive city. Loved the water by side it and the few bars close by. Would go again. The hotel is 2 mins walk to the Docklands Light Railway and for £5.20 a day you can hop on and off of the tube, DLR and the buses. Had a great time.	
Jul 25 2007 	Nice enough hotel - Appalling Service - Never Again	The good point:A modern hotel which is in good condition, clean and a nice settingThe bad points:I have stayed at many hotels and this from a service point of view was appalling.The receptionist didnt appear for 30 minutes despite it being 2:30 pm.When he did appear he barely acknowledged us, just a grunt.Then spent time answering calls and passing a registration form to us we not a word.It took a further 20 mins to check in!!!We decided straight away to get out rather than stay for food/drink because we were dreading the service.Later that evening we came back and despite there being a bar with approx 30 people in it there was only 2 staff covering that and reception. We ordered some food which was clearly a mircowave meal but we had to wait for the receptionist to stop answering phones to go cook it!!!!!The night was hell, very little sleep with people running up and down corridor and screaming and shouting.Unfortunately no one was in reception to deal with it.Such a shame such a nice clean hotel had such appalling service. I very much doubt I would ever risk staying there again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Picking up my Puppy	We came to London to pick up our new puppy as our adorable Hapi had died of cancer. We werenot planning to stay in the Docklands, but coming into London City Airport AND needing a hotel which would take a dog AND that was not too expensive: well the IBIS Excel had it all.Check in was okay but we had to come back 3 times as the key-card was not working. They then realised that the lock needed to be repaired. Somebody was sent immediately and after 10 minutes all was well.The room had everything, was not big but was not cramped either. The bathroom was bigger than expected. I had read somewhere in the reviews that the towels were tiny, so we had brought our own but did not need to have bothered as they were all right. With the Excel conference centre nearby the hotel is lively, especially in the evening, at the bar. There were also teens on a school-trip. We were worried about the breakfast situation and were surprised that we found a table. Breakfast was generous and is worth the extra amount, as the buffet has a good choice, is varied, generous and the quality is decent. One thing has to be said: it was not easy to find the hotel as the only way to get to the road that the Ibis and the Novotel (next door) are on is... through the parking. However, once this mysterious path has been discovered, then the IBIS is conveniently located near the Excel and there are a variety of places to eat nearby.It was easy to visit Canary Warf which is recommended and which reminded us of... New York.	
Jun 3 2007 	Is this really only 2 star?.. Seemed a lot more to me	The hotel is modern, very clean and friendly. My troom was large and well decorated and the shower/toilet was great. Bar is limited in size good enough. breakfast plentiful if continental in style - I enjoyed the change from the Scottish heart attack fry up. very nice location although around 20 minutes from the centre of the city by public transport. Staff are friendly and helpful if sometimes harassed with numbers checking in.	
May 16 2007 	Good for short stay	Me and my husband spent a night at ibis Excel on 10 May and it was perfectly fine for our needs. we arrived at 2 in the morning so obviously check in was quick and the very young guys at reception were kind and welcoming. Rooms are no frill but have the essential , at least for a short stay . The only thing that quite unnerv me is the lack of towels... I mean what are you supposed to do with just two hand towels for two persons ?? what about having a shower, drying your hair, hands, face ...??? No toiletries either but that doesnt bother me cause I tend to travel fully equipped just in case! Our room was on the second floor overlooking some buildings windows so we had to keep our curtains shut in order to maintain some privacy. A part from this minor things everything was fine, the rooms are pretty basic but clean (so is the bathroom) and no noise around so we could sleep well . The hotel is FAR (very FAR) from dowtown so I wouldnt recommend it to someone who's in town to sightseeing .. unless you don't mind spending a lot of time on public transport. One more thing , the hotel requested I paid on arrival which I didnt mind ..especially because this meant I could check out in 5 minutes flat , just the time needed to print our invoice. All in all Ibis is always a good choice (This is not our first stay ), we paid a very reasonable rate of £ 65 x night/no breakfast and had no bad surprises. Would we come back? Yes!	
May 2 2007 	Modern	This was a very good hotel for the price, it is modern, clean, and nice view on the water. For those who are allergic on plane noise should avoid it, as the City airport is just in the area, so one can hear all the planes landing.The breakfast was great. There was just an exhibition in Excel, so the hotel was bit crowded, but it was still ok. There is a DLR line, so the public transport is also ok. We had some problem with car parking. The car parking is owned by the other hotel, so the place is not reserved and if you take out your car before 24 hours, you will have to pay the normal rate. There is another public parkink house near the hotel, but it is not guarded.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Hotel good service good deal	booked on line and got very good deal, got to the hotel and everything was perfect. New building, clean room and bathroom!!!!good welcome, good service. Breakfast was busy but good overall. I will come back and recommend the place	
Apr 7 2007 	Excellent Hotel can't be beaten for price in London	Great Hotel. Rooms are new, clean with good clean bathroom and comfortable beds. Found all receptionists I met to be very friendly and helpful. Located in a new docklands area, very close to Docklands light railway (about 5mins walk) where the trains run regularly and its about 20mins into the city.Tip - if you go after 9:30am on the DLR it will only cost you £5.70 for a day pass (zones 1-4) which should be ideal for tourists wanting to visit a few different places in London.Would definitely use this hotel again, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 5 2007 	Best value for a london break	My wife and i have stayed hear a couple of times when having weekend stays in London and find it to be ideally placed as long as you dont mind using the Docklands light railway to get around. Clean rooms and an okay breakfast for £45 make it about the best deal in london	
Jan 23 2007 	Basic clean but just overwhelmed	Good sized rooms, modern and clean. Major problem is that they book very large tour parties and do not have the facilities to cope. Very restricted public areas mean that the restaurant is often used to give the tours their room keys whilst you are trying to eat your meal. I found myself surounded on all sides by curious Japanese school children watching me eat until I gave up and walked out. For the sole traveller a 45 minute wait to book in is not unusual. My room was not cleaned one night, and the receptionist gave me two floor mats in lieu of clean towels. Memo to Accor Hotels, get more staff and do the job properly, stop cutting corners it is putting clients off.	
Dec 9 2006 	A straightforward budget hotel in the middle of nowhere.	This is a new hotel beside the excel centre but is somewhat removed from central London as there is nothing in walking distance in the evening. I twice had to go back and to reception to ask to get my door swipe working and when I was checking out overheard somebody else with the same problem. The rooms are adequate, as you would expect from a budget hotel but I was very pleasantly surprised with the high standard of the evening meal. The staff were pleasant but there does not seem to be enough of them to cope with the volumes that deal with their reception.	
Nov 30 2006 	Lack of standard Facilities!!		
Sep 14 2006 	perfect hotel poor receptionist.		
Mar 24 2005	Great Value!!!		
Mar 23 2005 	Great Hotel!		
Feb 20 2005	Sleep well here		
Nov 5 2004	A Great Hotel		
Sep 17 2004	Clean new budget		
Jun 21 2004	Nice hotel.		
Feb 20 2004	A lovely new hotel		
Oct 28 2009 	Muy lejos de la zona centrica de Londres		
Sep 24 2009 	Très bien mais un peu loin du centre ville		
Sep 23 2009	Agréable		
Sep 11 2009 	Pesimo Servicio Del Hotel Ibis London Excel		
Jun 24 2009 	economico e sopra le aspettative		
Aug 30 2008 	Londra comoda ed economica		
Jan 7 2008	preiswertes Hotel mit schlechter Lage schlechtem Service und schlechten Betten		
Jan 4 2008 	EXCELLENT rapport qualité/prix		
Nov 26 2007 	ottimo hotel ottima posizione ottimo prezzo		
Aug 21 2007	Très bon rapport qualité /prix		
Jul 1 2007	Tres bon hotel		
Apr 14 2007 	Minus: Personal!!!		
Nov 6 2006 	Sehr gutes Preis-Lestungs Verhältnis		
