	Basic but clean	I stayed here for 3 nights. We wanted a budget city break so we expected not to have a top class hotel. On arrival the receptionist was very pleasant but forgot to inform us that the hotel does have a lift, so we had to carried our cases up 2 flights of stairs. our room was tiny, the saying 'not enough room to swing a cat' comes to mind. The bathroom is like a wet room. The room with the beds in was freezing cold, the radiators were on but i doubt that they were working properly. Also you need to pay a £5 refundable deposit for the remote control in the room. The breakfast is very basic, toast and cereal. The hotel seemed very busy so we had to queue for breakfast. The hotel is basic, could do with a little updating and possibly needs some more thought to the breakfast menu. But it is in an ideal location for sightseeing and jumping on to the underground, as the station is 10 minute walk away.	
	Good value budget hotel near Earls Court	I stayed here with my friend for one night in November. I paid £67 for a twin room with breakfast included on a Saturday night in November. I was pleasantly surprised by the clean looking hotel, friendly staff and adequate sized room with a spakling clean shower room. Free wifi was available in our room. There was also a large flatscreen tv (remote was avaialble for a £5 refundable deposit, from reception). Breakfast was served between 7-10am and included tea/coffee/juice/milk with 3 choices of cereal, toast, hard boiled eggs and jams. Be aware that breakfast ends promptly at 10am when all food is removed and tables cleared - we were a little caught out by this. Otherwise, it was all good - the hotel was just 5 mins walk from Earls Court tube and after checkout we were able to leave our luggage securely until the end of the day.	
Nov 22 2009 	If you suffer from claustraphobia... AVOID!!	Staff were very helpful, however, rooms were extremely tiny and beds were NOT doubles!! If you like rooms where you can touch all four walls at the same time... then this is for you!!Rooms were clean and staff worked hard...however, I would not recommend this hotel on the grounds that the beds were too small and uncomfortable, the breakfast was very basic and the rooms noisy. bags of linen piled in corridoor outside our room for all of 3 day stay!! fire hazard and accident waiting to happen.	
Nov 12 2009 	This is a con hotel! Avoid!	What's worse than smell room, dirty linen, blocked toilet, etc...... To me that is when you book the room and deposit taken and when arrive and was told that room is not available.Booked the Westbury Hotel Kensington through HotelClub. I arrived at hotel early afternoon, the reception told me that there was no room available! I could not believe this. The receptionist told me that they had some problems with the rooms. They said that they had arranged another hotel for me and they would drive me there. The other hotel was in Queensway which I am not familiar with.I was not happy with the situation but after 14 hours flight, I did not want to look for hotel with 2 big suit cases and so I had no other option but to accept. What I found very annoying was that the reception took it for granted that they did not have room for me, there was no apology at all! Not even a simple 'Sorry'. She said I was not the only one and the hotel had sent 3 other people away. I wondered did this help me to feel any better at all?The Wedgewood hotel they put me was terrible. The bed was a rollaway and the mattress was so soft that you felt like sleeping on marshmallow. The bed was very small and I tended to fell off the bed when I rolled my body. Had sore back each morning.I wondered why they put me to a hotel 10 minutes away rather than in the Earls Court area. The answer was clear. That hotel is obviously their sister hotel as they share the same reservation system. To me, that is a con! It just seems to me that the Westbury keep taking hotel and then send customers to doggy hotel.I wrote review to hotelclub.com about my expeirence but it was not published! To me that is collusion! They only publish review in favour of their hotels and this mislead customers. The reviews there is not neutral at all! Avoid booking through hotelclub.com as well.I returned to the hotel for another booking and the experience was terrible as well.	
Nov 4 2009 	AVOID AVOID AVOID	I stayed there with my husband and another couple. When we opened the door to the supposedly double room the door hit the end of the bed!!, the room wasn't even big enough for a single room never mind a double! It was grubby, the curtains had burn holes in them and were filthy! The bed was lumpy and just a general feeling of the fact that they don't care! The walls between the rooms were like paper so we could hear everything from the next room and it seemed like every other room in the hotel. We got no sleep!! Well overpriced for what you get, they should be paying you to stay there!! It is near Earls Court tube station but there seems to be plenty hotels in the area so I'd avoid this one all costs!!	
Oct 20 2009 	A big dissapoinment!	I booked this hotel for my friend and I thinking that it was close to alot of the attractions. When we got there the front desk lady tells us that our room is not readt and continues to say how there is a leak in the cealing and how we were supposed to stay in the basement room and that they have to move us to their sister hotel the &quot;Wedgewood Hotel&quot; she continues on to tell us how the wedgewood is more expensive hotel and they they will cover the diffrence and will get us a ride there. So she calls the driver and he comes inside the hotel and tell her the front desk lady that he will be waiting outside for us. Once we are finished talking to the front desk lady we head outside to the driver. Out of no where the front desk lady comes running out stating that she wants to make sure we get into the right car because she doesn't want us to get kidnapped! My friend and I were shocked, because she was actually serious. After that our stay in london went completely down hill. Their sister hotel the &quot;wedgewood&quot; was the most horrific hotel I have ever stayed in. I am just so very dissapointed with this hotel. My friend and I left london very next day. I would never ever consider staying at this hotel because of how poorly we were treated or their sister hotel which is utterly disgusting.	
Oct 8 2009 	No Frills and Well Located	We did not expect a no-frills hotel so we were taken aback by it. The room and shower were small.Catherine, the front desk attendant, made the stay tolerable.The hotel is perfect for on-the-go travelers and students. It is well situated and breakfast was included, which are a plus. We were able to walk to several restaurants and stores. The Underground is also a hop-skip &amp; jump away.Depending on the traveling situation, I would recommend this hotel.If all you want is a good bed and shower, this is for you.If you need amenities, then choose something else.	
Jul 28 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	This hotel had a fantastic location - it was 2 minutes from Earl's Court Tube station and about 20 minutes away from Kensington High Street. The staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 26 2009 	helpful staff quaint and clean but very small	hotel was basic but adequate. reception staff always willing to help out, but some things, such as the wi-fi only works in limited areas. mixed up booking double/twin	
Jul 5 2009 	Very Small 	Three of my friends and I went to London for the 4th of July and the only reason we ended up at this hotel was due to us planning the trip late. We checked in we went down to our room (in the basement). I typically don't expect all that much from a hotel but this room costs my friends and I $625 for two nights........ which seemed WAY over-priced. The room was set up with 4 single beds and had less than 1 foot (.3 meters) between the beds. Very cramped for a room that cost as much as it did each night. Now if this was a Hostel, I would have understood, but it wasn't and I was very disappointed. Something that I must add that was a large disappointment was in the evenings how loud it was. I sleep through nearly anything and everything and I woke-up on a few occasions throughout the night because of loud drunks outside. In-fact we even at one point has someone throw a half full soda bottle at our window. Others in the hotel yelled out the window to tell people to shut-up but we never addressed it in that manner. One of my friends is a very light sleeper and was up all night because of people screaming and swearing. Completely disappointed in this behavior.  A few good things about the hotel was that it included a Continental breakfast, the front desk personnel were very helpful, the public transportation was about 5 min walk (Earls Court tube), and there was a local grocery store close by to pick up things we had forgotten. The breakfast was very basic and included bread, cheese, butter, jam, some dry cereal, boiled eggs, orange juice, tea and coffee. Very basic but suitable. The personnel working at the front desk were very helpful - to the extent of check-in my friends and I in on-line to our flight, and provided very helpful information when inquiring. The public transportation (Earls Court tube) was only about a 5 min walk and easy to get to from the hotel but was approximately a 20 min ride to Waterloo (London Eye) area. All in all the hotel just seemed to be too over-priced for not being located closer to downtown London area and the size of the room. Granted it was not a hostel and the customer service was good, just very disappointed in the cost for what we were looking for.	
Apr 29 2009 	Pretty good	We booked this hotel on hotels.com. We basically were looking for a hotel in central london.This seemed perfect and a good value for money.I feel if one is visiting the place as a tourist this is a good hotel to be in.The staff is friendly, breakfast is decent and the location is convenient to go around places.Overall a good hotel for a good price.	
Apr 21 2009 	Very good in the Earls Court area	Easy to access – just one block from Earls Court undergroundBreakfast above average for this type of hotelClean and freshRooms ok – we had three beds in our room and it was Ok.Very good price.	
Apr 16 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL	I stayed here for 3 nights, the hotel is very godd for its price, the staff are very friendly, just loved it....	
Apr 8 2009 	Gem in London	Nice tourist class hotel not fancy, but basic and vey clean. Staff out of this world. They do everything. Stayed two times and have booked again. Katarzyiva Szareic in the reception is wonderfull together with the wholw staff. Close to the tube. Close to stores.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent budget choice clean	It is very clean, very small but did not really bother us since it was in a really good location and neighborhood. 10 min walk to Hyde Park, 3min walk to Underground, 3min walk to 24h Sainsburys (one of the best UK super markets). If you need a place to sleep in a really good location I guess this is it	
Apr 1 2009 	Not bad: a budget option for a short stay	We stayed at Westbury Hotel for a week. Among its pros: excellent location; clean and renovated room; friendly staff. The included breakfast was OK, but there was no variety whatsoever from day to day, and sometimes we would just skip it and buy stuff at the M&amp;S store. The room was smallish, and toiletries unexciting, but it didn't really bother us that much... what did, though, was that the walls were paper thin - no feeling of privacy. If I had to stay there again, it would be for one or two nights only. Kensington has more attractive options, I am sure!	
Mar 30 2009 	Dredfull	Room very small but was fine for our use.Within the first 5 min it became clear that we had something wrong with out door as it kept beeping. This beeping went off everytime the door was closed, it did go off after about 10 min but it drove us bananas.On the Sat we went out and came back to find an item missing from our room, the hotel staff just said they would look for it!!a month later they tell me they are still looking for it and now hang up on me when I phone..................I will continue this if there is ever a conclusion!!Would not stay here again, there are ladders, buckets, bags, boxes lying arround on the way to the rooms and the dinning room is so small we had to split up to sit down and eat.Not appropriate for families more for back packers as the gangs of young people out side smoking, which you had to walk through to get into the hotel were very imtimidating.	
Feb 6 2009 	Much better than expected.	My family and I have just returned from staying at this hotel. The hotel is quite small but has a friendly reception. I booked a family room, and due to previous reviews we were expecting it to be tiny. Our room was located on the first floor and could be reached by either a lift or stairs. Room entry is by key card. To our suprise it was quite roomy, with 2 double beds and 1 single and plenty of wardrobe space. The bathroom is of adaquate size, maybe the shower will be a tight squeeze for some. Breakfast was fine, with a range of cereals, toast, cheese, fruit juice, tea and coffee. The breakfast room was quite small and could be problamatic if the hotel is busy. Location was ideal for us, with Earls Court tube within 5 mins and Gloucester Road less than 10 mins walk.Overall pleased with this hotel and would stay again.	
Jan 26 2009	Excellent Budget Hotel	The room clean and comfortable - while only small I wasn't expecting any more for the £45 per room per night price. The room looked recently decorated and recarpeted. We were given a family room despite booking a twin. The shower room was excellent with powerful, warm spray - I often find in cheaper hotels their heating system and water pressure is often lacking! Room was warm, with the heating on. We were able to turn this down on the radiator. As the hotel was away from the main road it was exceptionally quiet - &amp; I don't think I heard one other guest although I did see many coming and going. Reception staff friendly and helpful. We didn't get up in time for breakfast so I can't comment on that. The hotel was well located -close to both Gloucester Road and Earl's Court tube stations and on many bus routes, including a number of night bus services. All in all a pleasant stay. Would definitely come back again for a budget break!	
Dec 25 2008 	Just fine	I arrvied on sunday 21 december at the hotel, at 9am (was staying for 3 nights). We could put our stuff in the luggage room because checking in started at 2pm. we got back at that time, and checked in. Our room was on the third floor, which was a horrible trip upstairs after a long day walking in London. Once we got there we kind of had a few good laughs about the size of the room, it was tiny. we estimated about 2,50 x 4,75/5,00 metres maybe? also the bathroom was tiny as hell, you couldnt stretch out your elbows all the way if you were washing your hair. Also one button of the tv wasnt working, there was no remote, and the door of the batrhroom couldnt be closed. Overall i still had a good stay. We got clean towels every day, personall was friendly and the hotel is pretty much very clean. Of course there will always be some minor discomfortable things, but me, being used to festival dirt and tents while camping, had just a fine stay! The location is absolutely wonderful, close to a supermarket (london is very expensive, some cheap food can be great if you don't make much money!) and it was also just a 2 minute walk to Earl's court. The street is very quiet at night, which was great. It's a good hotel, clean and just fine for the prics if you are spending a few nights in London.	
Nov 22 2008	The one in Mayfair is better	When I go to big cities I always chose the hotel mainly by the location. The Westbury in Kensington is a bit of a disappoinment as it is close to the High Street Kensington but not much more. When you stay in the one in Mayfair you have the whole of London at you doorstep. The service is good but not exceptional. Again I think better in Mayfair. The decoration a bit dated, expecially in the bedrooms.I would stay again in the Mayfair one but not in the Kensington.	
Nov 19 2008 	Good for me	I've stayed three days in London together with my cousin and I think that this hotel was perfectly fitting with our program: wandering London and return to hotel just for sleeping.Both our room and bathroom were small indeed, but clean and tidy.Actually I was scared because of all the reviews we read before leaving for London but I really have nothing to complain about sheets...The only complaint is for the breakfast service: it said &quot;continental&quot; in the brochure, truth is choice is poor...Anyway this hotel can be recommended for singles or small families ( i.e. parents and one kid ) that need accomodation for a few days.The position at five minutes from Earls'court station is excellent!	
Oct 11 2008 	You Can Do Much Better!	I booked this hotel for one night, partly based on the available Trip Advisor reviews. Allow me to beg you to find another place to stay. I checked in around 11pm at night, the room I paid for and was given had one double bed and two twins. The door to the room had some sort of alarm that kept beeping at me and when I when down to the front desk, the clerk insisted that I was not operating the door correctly and once I locked the deadbolt, the alarm would go off. After a few minutes of nearly arguing, I managed to get the clerk to accompany me to the room (you could hear the alarm beeping all the way in the lobby). He tried to reprogram the lock to no avail. He then put me into another room with just a double bed, not the room I had paid for but by then I was so tired I didn't care. The door opened directly into the bed and I had to turn sideways to get in with my small suitcase. The occupants of the room next door were smoking like chimneys and I had to place a towel against my door to keep the smoke from coming into my room (not very effective). The bed was absolutely COVERED in hair. It was on the comforter, the pillows, and the sheets. I am not entirely sure that the sheets were clean, they did not smell like it. The bathroom was small even by European standards and had been updated. For the price, you can do much better in London. I know because I have. The exterior of the hotel is very nice and also very deceiving.	
Oct 8 2008 	Reasonable for the price	Having read all the reviews here, I was fully aware that this hotel was just a place to sleep and nothing more.When we arrived late saturday evening, we were greeted by a very nice receptionist. But when she handed us the key and said &quot;your room is in the basement&quot; I almost left again.The steps down are indeed steep and the lift (worked fine) was on the wrong side of the building, so we would have had to go through the breakfast-room, which was closed... So down the steep stairs it was. When we opened the door to the room, we almost hit the wall on the other side, it was that small! There was a bed (rather short) a closet (very big) and a small desk, but no chairs whatsoever. The bathroom was so small you had to step over the actuall toilet to close the door. The shower was OK, but being so small the bathroom wasn´t much to write home about, however, it was in pretty good shape with tiles and such.The breakfastroom is pretty small, and when many people came at once, it was a minor chaos. Really good service though, I think there was atleast 3 women constantly bringin new bread, juice etc. The actual breakfast consisted of toast, cereals, eggs, cheese, jam, milk, two kinds of juices and tea/coffee. Being included in the price, it was absolutely fine, but nothing special.The housekeeping was a different matter, sometimes they didn´t leave new towels (ran out), and they came in despite I´d told them not to. We only got one small soap, that is the extent of toiletries they include.Total impression: okay for the price and location, but if you want good service and a bigger room (impossible to get a smaller) dont stay here. The one positive was the redhaired woman in the reception, she was very nice. Also the telly worked fine, and there is s safe in the room. The big negative: it was very damp air in the basement. The housekeeping insisted on hanging all the laundry to dry in the breakfastroom, which didn´t excactly help. Also it was very noisy in the morning with sounds of plates and cups banging from the breakfast.	
Sep 18 2008 	terrible experience	This hotel is terrible. The rooms are so small the reception unwilling to help and it was being renovated cheaply while we were there. The owner was continually fighting with contractors and arging in a loud voice. Its a disgrace and wouldnt recommend it to anyone couldnt wait to leave, DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Sep 10 2008 	Small but adequate	Stayed one night at this hotel and for the money it was very good value. The room was very small and hot but we were able to have the window open all night and it was very quiet. It is situated in a good location, near the Natural History and V.A. museums, also near the tube and bus stops. You can get the number 74 bus at the top of the road (Cromwall Road) and that takes you to the top of Oxford Street (Marble Arch end) if its shopping you want. The bedding and towels were clean, the breakfast and breakfast room were basic, but for the money and time you spend in the room it was O.K. The polish receptionist was very helpful and friendly, she also let us check in early at midday which was an advantage to us.	
Jun 25 2008 	Refurbished clean hotel	Read all the reviews before booking the room, and was a bit affraid of what it would be like. But there was no reason for fear. Rooms are indeed of british size, very very small, you can hardly move around if there are two of you in the room. The double bed is not a king bed, and the view from the window was the wall. But room and the bathroom are clean, bathroom is absolutely refurbished, and for the price we got from the hotel.club (33 pounds per double room per night including breakfast) it was really fine and ok. Staff working at the reception are very helpfull and polite). Location of the hotel is great, just one block from the Earl's court. It is also near the Gloucester tube station, Tesco is just accross the station. The breakfast room is big enough and is also refurbished.	
Jun 14 2008 	Definitely worth it.	The rooms are small but since its London you don't spend much time in them, Breakfast was toast, cereal, egg or cheese, again it was fine, kept me going until lunch. The place was spotlessly clean. Location was fantastic, across the road from a 24h Sainburys, and only about a seven minute walk from Gloucester Rd. tube station. Price was probably the best bit. To be honest I wasn't expecting much from this hotel considering the price but i was pleasantly surprised. Im definitely coming back.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great value for money	This is easily the best value budget hotels I've stayed in in London. Refurbished rooms, clean and pleasantly decorated, pretty quiet. Breakfast very basic, staff very helpful. Its an excellent location about 400 metres from Earls Court Road. Free Wi-fi available, works all the time in public areas and most of the time in rooms. Bathrooms are the &quot;wet room&quot; concept - i.e. the shower wets the whole room, but they're properly tiled and better than some of the plastic cubby holes that other London budget hotels have installed.	
Jun 7 2008 	£30/double room Great Refurbished hotel next door to tube!	I stayed one night at the Westbury after finding out a bargain rate on the internet. I paid £30 pounds for the night and never before got so much for my m oney! The hotel is really close to Earl's Court tube station, and it has been refurbished recently. My room was 402, and it had been recently painted, the furniture was brand new and the bathroom - although tiny - had also been redone. The room was good size, and the hotel is not noisy at all, being at a quiet neghiborhood. The breakfast is a very basic buffet, but still decent. Check out the candid pics on this review to see it for yourself! Great London bargain!	
May 16 2008 	Very good value hotel - Clean Friendly and excellent location	I booked this hotel a few days before travelling, only £40 a night for a single en suite.I arrived at the hotel from Gloucester Road tube (10 mins walk) - first impressions were ok - there was bloke throwing a bag of bed linen out the door. But the render etc looked clean.I walked into the Reception area, it looked modern and clean.Check in was quick, and I used the lift to get to my room on the Fourth floor. The hotel has electronic key cards although you have to leave it at reception when you leave the hotel.My room, 406, had a double bed (although I booked a single), the room was average size for London, but the bathroom was small yet clean.The walls had been freshly painted, and in general was very clean, although the carpet could have done with a hoover.The bed sheets looked and smelt new, there was a safe in the wardrobe and overall, considering the price I paid, i was happy.One of the receptionists, a Polish lady on morning shift, was lovely. She always said have a nice day as I left the hotel to explore London.Earls Court tube is 5 mins walk, Sainsburys on Cromwell Road is 4 mins walk, restaurants, internet cafes, banks, and post office is all opp Earls Court tube.There are a few minor negatives, for instance the shower curtain dont reach the floor so it gets a bit wet, floor needed a hoover, and the people in the room opposite mine were very loud on the first morning - but these are all forgivable in this good hotel.I will defintely stay here again - for the right price.	
May 16 2008 	Great location	The hotel is a 5 minute stroll to Earls Court tube, and walking distance to the museums. It has 4 floors and a basement, all served by a lift. Our room (404) was small, we're talking teeny!!!! The bathroom was essentially a cupboard, the shower was tiny and had a fixed head which spurted everywhere (so no good for trying to keep your hair dry!) but plenty of hot water. The 2 bath towels supplied were adequate. I think we were unlucky with the room, it was at the back and overlooked by another terrace of houses, no balcony or breeze!The room consisted of a bed, a skinny wardrobe, maybe 18 inches wide, a (non LCD) TV (so high up the wall it hurt my neck to watch it) and a shelf with a kettle etc and a phone on it. There was literally no room for anything else!! The 'double' bed was somewhere between a single and double. The mattress was way too soft and bouncy but the pillows were fine, although only 2 on the bed and just 1 extra in the wardrobe. The digital room safe wasn't working neither was the phone. It was a hot couple of days that we were there, and the room was roasting, and as mentioned, there was no breeze. We did ask for a fan but they don't provide them. Provision of fans would have been a very cheap yet extremely appreciated gesture. If we had been staying longer than 2 nights I would have (had to have) bought one and left it there. Breakfast (self service) consisted of cereals, white sliced bread (you can toast yourself) cheese, boiled eggs and spreads - jams, honey and chocolate. Drinks available were tea, coffee, orange and apple juice. WARNING: be prompt for breakfast, they turn everything off and clear it all away bang on 9.30am!!! If you want shops, restaurants etc, out of the hotel and turn left (to the end of the road) and you'll find everything you need. (The first night we went right and found an italian resaurant, Belladonna I think.......avoid avoid avoid, but that's a different story) If all you need is somewhere cheap to sleep in a great location, go for it!! If you're planning on spending time in your hotel room, look elsewhere. I would stay at The Westbury again.............. just not during hot weather!	
May 6 2008 	Very good hotelbook it!	What's wrong with some tourists?the hotel is quite ok,clean,I had a nice double,nice view,refurbished,the bathroom was spacious enough for me,even pretty i might say,if you need a very large bathroom for walking with the bycicle around well,that's not the place;personaly i found it very clean,nice,I had a great time there,and yes,the room has been refurbished,the tv ok,flat screen,everything was nice,a bargain,only 32/night,the price was incredible in april and i wish to say thanks to the nice polish woman from the reception,she is really friendly and efficient there.!When I will return to London I will book it again,no doubt about!	
Apr 24 2008 	this was not a pleasant supprise. will never ever stay here again	i was nervous when i booked this as i had seen some bad reviews. i phoned the hotel to confirm a few things and was told all rooms had been refurbished. when i got there all looked ok, nice new lift but work clearly going on, then we saw the room!! the bed was clearly not a full sized double, it was about 3&quot; wide. it was walled in on 3 sides so only access to one side. the bed was very very old with springs poking through and dirty sheet.the so called on suite was so small you had to stand in the shower to close the door and use the toilet, it also looked like it needed cleaning urgently. there was a tv, but it was so high that from the bed all you see was the bottom, it did not adjust or swivel and you would have to stand on the bed to see it, there was nowhere else in the room to stand let alone sit, two people could not stand up at the same time as the room was so small. when we complained we were told that lots of the rooms were this size now and people dont complain. the walls had brown dirty finger smears on them and i would not like to guess what they werewe did not even stay one night even though they refused a refundi would never stay here, even free. smaller then easy hotel and dirty	
Mar 13 2008 	Not so Bad for the Price	I travel regularly to London on Business and often stay here. Most (I think now all) rooms have been renovated in the past 6 months and all are clean and modern. If you are lucky you will get a spacious room with an LCD TV and a small balcony overlooking the street. If you are unlucky you will get a small room at the back of the hotel with little daylight and not much space to move about.The staff in the morning are generally very friendly and if there are any issues they do seem willing to deal with them quickly. I have not really interacted much with the staff in the evening but they seem to lack the authority to deal with any big problems.Breakfast is very basic, toast and jam. The dining room is small and there are often no tables to sit at. However, there is a sit-in bakery 2 minutes walk down the road by Earls Court Underground station that do a full cooked breakfast for a few pounds so with the money you save on the room price (which is very cheap for London) I would recommend getting breakfast out.There is a lift and a baggage room, all rooms have tea and coffee making facilities, a small bathroom with a shower, fresh towels, shampoo and soap. Every room has either a double or single wardrobe, two large mirrors and TV (with remote if you pay a £5 deposit - you will need to ask for this as they tend not to openly offer it).The Westbury is clean and modern but there are some small problems that let it down. E.g: The curtains sometimes don’t meet in the middle or reach to the bottom of the window, some of the mattresses are a bit old (but if you ask nicely they will change it), the heating is hard to turn on or off in some rooms. The windows are not double glazed so it can get a bit chilly, there are no spare blankets or pillows provided. Overall you do get a good deal for the price and while it isn't perfect, if you are prepared to put up with those small but sometimes frustrating problems and ask for help when something isn't right then you should have a relatively stress free stay.	
Mar 12 2008 	Much better than expected	We booked this hotel through Expedia because it was cheap and had four single beds in the quads. We were very worried after reading the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. There were no bedbugs like a previous review said. The rooms were small. The 4 beds were lined up in a row. The room was clean, maybe even recently painted. There is a very small elevator that is sufficient for getting luggage up and down. Our quad was in the basement, but it had a window. There was a tea pot and tea bags, milk, and sugar in the room. There is a cupboard to put luggage in. The bathroom was small but adequate with no problems with the shower. The free breakfast was only toast, jam, and cereal. The V&amp;A, History, and Science museums are less than a 10 minute walk away. There is a grocery store and restaurants only a couple of blocks away. The area seems nice. The hotel has a luggage room to store your bags for the day after you check out. The hotel personnel were friendly. The hotel was cleaner and cheaper than the other hotel we stayed in London.	
Oct 26 2007 	Please consider staying elsewhere	My friend and I woke up on our first morning at the Westbury to find both beds crawling with bugs. They apologized and, five hours later, gave us a new room. Unfortunately, I found out upon arriving home (the incubation period is just over a week) that the room was infested with scabies mites. I was in extreme discomfort for two weeks, and when I asked the hotel for a partial refund and the cost of the required medicine, they refused. My doctor tells me scabies are quite common in unclean hotels. Consider yourselves warned.	
Aug 31 2007 	name of this hotel should be : NIGHTMARE HOTEL	DONT GO AT THIS HOTEL. It's discusting, dirtly. I travel a lot and this is the worst hotel I ever go. You are better to book a youth hostel it will be nicer and room will be clean. When I was there the room wasnt done except for the bed (NOT SURE FOR THE SHEETS), glass and bathroom wasnt clean. When I mention this to the hotel they said it was because I use the bathroom and glass...Can you believe this??? I ask for another room and they refuse. If you look for an hotel in london not too expensive I suggest THE ROYAL NATIONAL. 100% BETTER.	
Sep 26 2006 	bad memory...	I don't recommend this hotel because they will send you to another hotel. I booked this hotel for 2 nights by contacting the hotel directly. The stuff was friendly through emails, so I was excited to stay at this hotel and I and my mother went to the hotel on the date we booked. The stuff then said there are NO ROOM available, and told us to go to another hotel nearby. We walked kind a far with my mother with pain on her thigh, and found that the other hotel is very very tiny and dirty...... We called back to Westbury and said that I want to cancel this reservation since this is wrong, and the stuff said &quot;then come back here, we have room&quot; !!. I didn't think my mother could walk back to Westbury, so we said so and canceled the booking. After I come back from the trip, I found out they charged for one night since I canceled after check in time. I booked another hotel and that was awsome, but it put bad impression on my whole trip to London. I don't think everyone would go through this, however this hotel is doing bad business and I don't recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2006	horrid	We booked this hotel over the internet. It sounded reasonable and was fairly cheap (90 pounds for a quad room). When we got to the hotel we were all a bit horrified at how decrepit it looked. It was worse inside, narrow stairs, no lift, bags of dirty linen in the hallway and pieces of plywood nailed over holes in the walls and extremely hot and stuffy (no air conditioning). The room was not bad, we could at least walk between the beds. The only room for our luggage was in the cupboard and we had to take one case out at a time in order to get to our clothes. The television didn't work and it wasn't replaced until the next day. The second television worked but it still wasn't a clear picture. The best part was when we were leaving., the woman at the front desk and a man whose main job seemed to be sitting in the foyer and watching television decided to have a huge argument in front of us in a foreign language. Very entertaining...... but never again!	
Jun 23 2006	Not Impressed	We stayed here for one night in April and did not enjoy it. When we arrived, there seemed to be a problem with our booking - they could not find it at all to start, then said we had only booked a double - this in spite of us having a printed acknowledgement. They ran around trying to find a room while we waited for more than half an hour. They said we would have to go to another hotel as the one they were going to put us in was flooded (!), but then - hey presto! - a room miraculously became available. The room was relatively clean, but tiny and we were climbing over each other to move around. We had paid for a triple room (double bed and a single) and ended up with twin beds and a rickety camp bed. To cap it all, the next morning we were awoken by a rap on the door at 5.45am for our 'wake up call' - which was intended for the guest next door. We had travelled down from Scotland very early and had spent a whole day walking around London so were very tired and not amused at this. Cannot comment on the breakfast as we had no desire to wait in the hotel any longer than necessary. Not sure if I'm allowed to say this on here, as it didn't happen directly to us, but when we were waiting for our key later, there were several people in front of us having similar problems with their booking and being told they would have to go elsewhere, then the room magically appeared. Hmmm.... Would not go back under any circumstances and would urge others to avoid it.	
Jun 16 2006	Bed bug alert!	They have BED BUGS!! ... I know, I killed several and am now covered in unslightly red bites! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, and would not stay there again if you paid me!	
Apr 30 2006	Many problems	Overall, this was a decent budget stay, I guess, but there were a number of irritations.1. The hotel promised wireless internet, so the friend I was staying with brought her laptop. When we got there, we were told there wasn't a wireless connection after all.2. The shower leaked all over the bathroom every time we took a shower. This was b/c the shower bottom was very shallow, only about an inch deeper than the bathroom floor, and the shower had a little curtain over it that did nothing to keep the water in. So the floor was often a puddle.3. They progressively water down the orange juice with what tastes like lemon juice, so get up early if you want to avoid that. 4. Construction was still going on, so throughout the day there were sounds of drills, many loud bangs as if on pipes, etc., so loud that they could have been in the room with me. ============================	
Mar 17 2006	Cool for Short Stays	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights while in london. Since my friend and I are students and were on a budget this hotel wasnt bad for the price. It is located two blocks from the Earls Court train station, which is about 3 to 4 stops away from many of the tourist sights in london. The staff was very friendly and often looked out for us. My only complaint would be that there is no elevator and a bunch of narrow steps so if you pack heavy or have a bad back I would pass on this one.Also, they were doing construction but it was usually in the middle of the day when we werent there so we didn't notice it. If your on a budget its not a bad place to stay.	
Feb 23 2006	They do alot of switching around with reservations	The switch happened with my nephew who booked this hotel on the internet. First thing is that the site he booked the hotel on actually had pictures of the Westbury Mayfair for the hotel pictures, so he was shocked when he saw the Westbury Hotel. Admittedly this is not the hotel's fault. However, when he got there, they were told their room was flooded and switched to another hotel. The hotel he was switched to was okay but it is certainly a hassle to switch after a night flight. Plus, they didn't want to pay for a cab (I think because he is young and they thought they could get away with it) but he pushed the point and they did pay for a driver.	
Feb 21 2006	Scam artists?	We were confirmed through an internet service at the Westbury, but when we arrived we were told that the hotel was full and switched to the Garden View hotel. We were given no other options. The desk people were rude - the manager came down and told me to move, so they could place a furniture delivery where I was sitting while waiting for a taxi to move us to the other hotel. Consider yourself warned.My friend was convinced they were booking/billing at their rate and switching people to a cheaper hotel upon arrival....	
Jan 13 2006	Clean but Small	Is there really a budget hotel in London? The Westbury is nicely located about 1 1/2 blocks from Earls Court Tube stop.There is nothing wrong with this hotel if you are just looking for a place to lay your head at night. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. The location is quite (even on New Years Eve). The rooms are clean however small. We had a double (bed) room and the room was barely big enough for the bed. The bathroom was new and clean.If you are looking for a place to relax then you may want to look elsewhere-- the rooms are way too small for that. A breakfast of orange juice, coffee, cereal, toast is included- about what you would expect from a budget hotel breakfast.	
Sep 22 2005	Couldn't wait to leave.	Admittedly we stayed in this hotel last January, so I am late on this review--maybe it took me awhile to recover from the horror. Reading the more recent reviews I see that the construction is still going on so I feel this is still relevant.The hotel is located close enough to the Earl's Court tube station to be convenient, if a little far from major attractions and museums. We took the tube from Heathrow and walked the short distance from the station to the hotel. Check-in was quick and effortless. The receptionist apologized for the renovations in progress--we figured this would be no big deal as we are early risers anyway. The room was tiny, the bed was shoved into a corner as that was the only way it would fit. We had to climb over each other to get in and out. The sheets were old, but clean. The lamp was broken and so was the teakettle. Requests for replacements were not taken kindly and it wasn't until the next day that they fixed these problems. The bathroom was clean (except for the construction detritus falling through the vent) but had only two tiny towels. We asked for two extra towels as well as an additional pillow to supplement the two tired, miserably thin ones on the bed. We were told that since the hotel was full they were out of pillows! They would see if they could find some extra towels. The towels materialized the next day, but it really didn't matter as there was never any hot water. NEVER. Not in the morning, not at night, not in the afternoon. When I asked the receptionist if there was ever hot water (I was willing to take a shower at ANY time of day so long as it wasn't freezing cold). She replied that since the hotel was full...you get the picture. Why would a hotel not be prepared for full capacity? It was unbelievable. My husband wanted to make a phone call and had to wait for the line out to become available. They have ONE LINE out for the entire hotel. I'm sorry--that's just wrong.And the construction? Our room was in the basement and to get there we had to step over construction materials every time. It was a huge problem--it felt like we were staying in a war zone. Another concern of mine was that the doors to the room were very thin hollow core doors. Anyone could have entered the room with one kick to the door. The walls were so thin we could hear every conversation in the next room. We gave it go because it was part of a package deal--we'd already paid for it, but after four nights I just couldn't handle the freezing water and climbing over the debris and the frosty attitude of the staff. We went on lastminute and booked a room up the street--the Woodley Hotel. Plenty of hot water, towels, pillows, and gracious staff. Much better.The Earl's Court area is full of similarly priced budget hotels--do yourself a favor and pick one of those. The Westbury was a nightmare.	
Jun 28 2005	Won't go there again	The location is practical although when I arrived in the evening two big rats were playing near the hotel door, not a very good start. they gave me a room on the 4th floor, of course no elevator so you're kind of tired when you get there. discovered a very tiny room with not even space to put your suitcase, add to that the fact that the window wouldnt move, the phone wouldnt work and the bed was dirty and smelled like smoke. So down I went to get another room, staff was helpful and gave me another one still on the fourth floor. The new room was a few inches wider and appeared clean so I kept it. my stay went ok, except maybe the discovery of a eaten apple behind the sink. Breakfast consists of corn flakes and toast.	
Jun 25 2005	Last Minute stay at Westbury Hotel	I decided to go to London a day earlier. Booked the Hotel 6 hours before arriving. The place looked a mess. Not used to what I normally stay in, however, they were going under a huge beautification project. The rooms are very small but who needs a big room in london. It was clean and the staff were very friendly. I had 2 rooms. One on the 1st floor and one on the 4th floor. I needed a lower floor for one of my companions. The breakfast is very simple. The prices weren't bad for London. Yes I had to climb 4 floors with my luggage but the elevator is coming in 3 months. Would I stay here again. No but for one reason. I am a bit of a whiz at finding good deals on the internet and found two rooms at the Millenium four star hotel on Gloucester Road for only $97 a night each. The Westbury Hotel is basic but that's all I need, but for $97 a night which is less than half the price. You do the math.	
Jun 13 2005	Recommended as a Tourist Hotel		
May 5 2005	Wonderful Hotel..one of the best I've ever stayed in!		
Jan 25 2005	Good location cheap but not recommended		
Oct 19 2004 	The awful teeny tiny hotel room...		
Oct 6 2004	nice cosy place		
Sep 21 2004	Expect 2 stars but great for the price		
Apr 28 2004	good choice for budget travellers		
Apr 1 2004	Good hotel excellent location.		
Mar 5 2004	Decent convenient budget hotel		
Mar 2 2004	Not luxury not awful		
Nov 12 2009	consigliato x chi vuole vedere londra		
Oct 31 2009 	??????????????????????????????		
Jul 22 2009 	Ein kleines Hotel in einer großen Stadt!		
May 9 2009 	cher qualité/prix		
May 3 2009 	Bon hôtel		
Apr 23 2009	Gut und Günstig		
Nov 30 2008 	Hotel presque parfait pour Londres...		
Nov 26 2008 	Vale il prezzo		
Oct 7 2008 	"Hotel" kann man das nicht nennen!		
Oct 7 2008 	Kleines Hotel mit gutem Preis!!		
Jul 25 2008 	Carino e consigliato		
Jun 23 2008 	westbury ok		
Apr 16 2008 	No parece un hotel de 5 estrellas		
Feb 25 2008 	accettabile vivibile ma....		
Nov 7 2007	Westbury nie wieder !!!		
Oct 28 2007 	insomma....		
