Nov 3 2009 	Well kept clean modern value for money hotel	Stayed for one night with family for a sight seeing trip to London. Hotel very modern, clean, warm with lovely decent sized rooms for larger families. Took car and parked it near to hendon tube station (only £4 for the day) and got 20 minute tube to city centre.Breakfast lovely - Only downside - booked for family of 5 and when we arrived the receptionist queried our booking stating room would only take 4. Luckily had kept note of managers name and conversation.Would certainly go again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great place free parking nice rooms convenient location....	Stayed here for 2 nights during a business trip, place was good, rooms were very comfartable and staff were pleasant, breakfast was nice, option for healthy or UK fried breakfast......I liked it, didnt have any issues, left with good feeling...	
Sep 26 2009	Never Again-DAYS INN LONDON NORTH M1 BET JCT 2	Days Hotel London North M1 is out of the way and you have to transport to Central London by tube or car. We rented a vehicle, but decided to take the tube into central london so as not to struggle with driving, pay for parking or congestion pricing into Central London; my niece was there on a business trip and took her 2 children who we were to meet up with while she was at work. Her hotel was Hilton Metropole. We tried to switch to the Days Inn Hotel in Central London, but we were told we couldn't. My travelling group consisted of my family (my husband and our 2 young adult children) so we tried to keep the cost of travelling down, this is why we didn't stay in Central London, (little did we know). We arrived 3 days before my niece. We asked the hotel staff what tubes go into Central London and if we could walk to the tube, the station near the hotel is Edgeware; they said you couldn't walk, you would have to take a taxi. We found out later that there is parking behind the tube/bus terminal. They also have a bus, but it doesn't let you anywhere near the hotel you would still have to walk and since we were coming back at night we were told it was not a good idea by the bus station manager. That wasn't so bad, but the thing I want to know is why is there a controlled ground barrier at the side of the Days Inn Hotel London North M1 bet Jct 2&amp;4 where we walked to pick up the car service the Days Inn Hotel staff called for us? The hotel staff stated the only other way the car service could go would be from the highway and it would cost us 40 pounds instead of 5 pounds????? Excuse me, but if I'm using a cab service I should be picked up at the front door, not me walking 100ft or more to a cab that's dropping me off at a tube station.The car service doesn't have to pay for congestion pricing or a toll to to use the highway, that was ridiculous! This went on our entire stay at Days Inn London North M1 bet Jct 2&amp;4. Needless to say we were not happy!!! The 3rd night of our stay my daughter and i went back to the hotel, my husband and son went out with my niece and her two children to see a comedy show in Central London. My daughter and I took a black cab back to the hotel, it was late and raining apparently every driver in the country knows about this side entrance short cut to the hotel b/c before we get to our destination we are told it would cost us 40 pounds if they use the highway and that the hotel has a barrier preventing the taxi to drop the fare paying passengers who stay at that hotel in the front using the side entrance short cut. The taxi driver that night informed us that the barrier was in fact run by the hotel and not by the police as the hotel staff led us to believe. He talked with us for 45 minutes and he told us they took down the signs that said it was run by the police. As we sat there we observed two cars, not police, but hotel staff, going through the barrier quite quickly after they buzzed the intercom located on a metal post. Imagine we sat there for 20 minutes before the first car came and we didn't gain entrance, we had to back up to let the first car through. We got out the cab in the rain and walked to the hotel, quite peeved, we had no umbrella it was the only day it rained on our stay. The next day we observed two police cruisers trying to get through, it took them 2 to 3 minutes. We heard them describing their marked cruisers and informing them that they were in fact the Police. I think you should inquire about this to the Days Inn Corporate office (unkn if its a franchise ownership) as I am going to do, before you use this hotel. We took pictures of the sign and the barrier. You can also read the review of this hotel on Cheaptickets. There was also only one outlet in the room for personal use, we had to unplug the tv in order to use a second outlet. Bed linen smelled bad and no wash cloths, don't know if this is common but it was unacceptable to us, coffee pot was smelly and dirty, no closets, dresser drawers, or safes in the room. The only closest eatery in walking distance if you don't want to eat at the hotel or have a snack is a bus/truck stop on the left of the hotel as you exit and that's fast food it also houses a little covenience store.	
Aug 30 2009 	Well worth the money!!	We stayed in the Days Hotel London North for a night. We were impressed with the cleaniness and the beds were very comfortable. Breakfast was a buffet and there was a wide choice of cereals, continental and full english. The food was excellent. We found the hotel easy to reach as it is just off the M1. Would advise you to book through alpharooms.com because we got the room for half the price including breakfast, this would have been twice the price if booking directly through the hotel.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent value - definitely recommend	We chose this hotel as we wanted to be close to Wembley stadium but also near to the city center. We travelled with our 2 children and our friends and their daughter, we predominantly booked it as it had good reviews and was reasonably priced. We were all really impressed, the room had a big super king bed with 2 fold up beds for our children. The room had airconditioning and a decent bathroom all spotless!! Location great to get to-just off the M1-we travelled into the city by Taxi and it cost £25.00 for 6 people, considering the hotel was such a good price we thought this was totally acceptable and quicker than trains/buses etc! We also travelled to Wembley by taxi and paid £20.00, Apex taxis were great and very reliable.If we were to find small faults there was a shortage of hanging space for our clothes although only apparent because there was 4 of us in the 1 room and breakfast was a bit hit and miss with bacon and suasage etc coming out at a a slow pace !Overall a fantastic weekend made even better by Burnleys Wembley win !!	
May 31 2009 	Fantastic!!! Great Value beautiful Hotel with friendly staff!!!!!!	Looked for a hotel to stay in near Wembley Stadium for F A Cup final and Madame Tussauds, so chose this Days Hotel. The staff were all very pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. We had a very warm welcome. The hotel reception, bar, restaurant and room were very clean. The decor is of a high standard. It was excellent value for money. The breakfast was included and was very good. Full English breakfast and continental available. We were Everton fans and met many Everton fans at the hotel. We watched Britain's Got Talent Final in the Restaurant with the other guests and the atmosphere was very relaxed. ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL. WONDERFUL!!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Hotel	Compared to other Days Inn hotels, this is lovely. I stayed here for just £39 on a weekend and it was definitely worth it ... very impressive	
Jan 8 2009 	Liked it a lot	Booked through Laterooms at £75 for an executive room, I enjoyed my stay here - free parking, modern room, Sky Sports 1, 2 &amp; 3, plus they let you take your dog, this is one for the revisit list.Friendly reception and in-house restaurant, you can't go wrong.You do really need a car if you want to go into London.Pillows are poor and the heating system very noisy, but otherwise I left happy.	
Aug 8 2008 	Best deal in London	We stayed two nights in this hotel because it was really the cheapest we could find in London. The room was very clean, quite big, and very comfortable. Breakfast was huge and lots of choices. The staff was very helpful. Although the hotel is a bit out of the way, they work with Apex taxi service, who can come get you at the hotel and take you to the nearest tube or train stations, which was either Edgeware tube station or Mill Hill train station, and the taxi can also come fetch you at the station to take you back to the hotel. The taxi charges 5 pound each way. We paid 47 euros a night for a double room with English breakfast included, so paying 10 pounds a day extra for taxi fare was well worth it.  One caution, though. Check-in is at 14:00. If you want to check in earlier, they will charge you extra. We arrived at the hotel the first day at 10:00 and wanted to check in, but they said that would cost us an extra 30 pounds! So instead, we asked them to keep our bags for us in the store room, then we went into town and came back in the evening to check in, which worked out fine.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again on my next trip to London.	
May 26 2008 	Good stay	We were a group of three adults and one child and had one room which was acceptable. They did not though prepare it for four with towels and mugs so we asked at reception and they kindly obliged with no hesitation for further provisions.Room was clean and large enough to accomaodate us.We ate at the restaurant first evening and pleasantly surprised with portions and cost.We hired a taxi to take us to local tube which was £5.The 2nd day we decided to drive to Brent Cross tube as I had read a previous review saying it was just off the M1. We never found the station and ended up at Hendon Central so I would say get directions as not obvious.Enjoyed our stay and would stay again.	
Apr 10 2008 	Two cars broken into!	There are lots of good things about this hotel, and I had stayed here before.However - please be warned about car parking!A friend and I both had our cars broken into in the car park in March - with smashed rear windscreen on one car, and jemmied door locks on both. When we asked about CCTV at Reception, we were told that it only covers part of the car park.When we spoke to the police, and then Autoglass, both told us that this hotel is notorious for break-ins to cars.Nice hotel inside, but lots of hassles to deal with in the aftermath!	
Mar 26 2008 	Very good hotel	We (my husband and I) have just returned from London. We stayd 4 night's at the Days Hotel London North. It was very nice hotel, clean, big rooms and beds, friendly staff, breakfast was good. And then the location. We read these reviews and make a decision that we even wont try to walk and find buses, we order a cab every morning and night. They drive as to Edware station. So, if you get a good deal, add to the sum 10 pounds/ day and think. We paid 50 euros per night /room.So we paid about 63 euros per night/room in very nice hotel easy access to London. We liked very much our stay in London and Days hotel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Very comfortable stay indeed. Really handly	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for a few reasons. Firstly the price, we booked directly on the phone and even though it was the Easter Weekend, we managed to get £49.95 per night with hot buffet breakfast included which beat any website price (including their own) that we saw. Secondly there is free car parking and lots of it and its very conveniently in a service area off the M1 motorway. Thirdly, because of the good reviews which were indeed warranted. I would agree with previous reviewers that this hotel is a little far from the center of London and for this reason those going for a &quot;drinking weekend&quot; would probably be advised to keep looking (although keep reading and don't totally discount it yet) and a car is pretty much essential. The tube station is probably in excess of 40 minutes walk away and thats if you can figure out how to get there. Apex Cars were pretty good, we phoned them to go from Edgware to the hotel one night (Good Friday, around midnight) and it was a fiver. Black Cabs can cost upward of £7-8 though. One tip is to drive to Brent Cross tube station instead of Edgware which is just off the M1, it is in Zone 4 oppose to Zone 6 and parking on a weekend/Bank holiday is only £1 all day, indeed its free if you park on the street as we did (right outside the tube station), there was loads of parking on the day we did that. Also a quick thing to mention, you do not have to go back to the M1 to go any where, it is possible to exit from the back of the hotel onto a residential area within Edgware. This also make walking from this hotel possible, however looking at some the areas we drove through including under dark motorway bridges I would not recommend single females particularly to undertake it.Getting back to the hotel. Its very clean and modern and very comfortable. Actually you feel more like you are in an American hotel than the normal fare you find in this price range in London. The bed is huge and I'm 6 foot 4 and they have a branded mattress thats very comfortable. Only niggle, 3 cushions for 2 people (!?), why not a 4th? But I suppose thats just a case of asking. Rooms have a TV with a few strangely picked channels, BBC1 through to C5, Sky News, Sky Sport 1 to 3 and Sky One. Strangely no free view channels though. There is on demand movies, expensive though ranging from £6.50 through to £8.50. Adult movies also and also radio via the TV. You can view your bill and local info on the TV also. The bathroom is very clean and well appointed, pretty powerful shower and deep bath. The rooms have heating and air con which seems to work well and is not too noisy. However my only real complaint about this hotel is that when we stayed it was a particularly cold weekend (snow) and because there is no heating of any kind while you are out of the room, the room took about 10/15 minutes to heat up when you came back. Pretty unwelcoming.The hotel boasts a mid sized restaurant (don't expect too much) and small bar (£1.25 half a larger, £4.10 Magners cider). Its modernly decorated, has a couple of large plasma screens and is pretty well presented. Breakfast was pretty good, eggs to order, bacon (as fatty and salty as only hotels can make it), sausages, the full English really. Buffet with heat lamps. Also fruit, yougarts, juice, toast and pasties. Coffee/tea is fresh and served to your table. Good time range as well, 6.30am until 10am. The service dinner as well, however did not use.The staff are friendly enough, I think they were mostly Eastern European however very good English. No complaints there, very efficient. One thing to add, been so close to both the M1 and a busy rail route (the side we stayed on) you would expect noise to be an issue, but I can honestly say apart from been aware of it, it was far from been disruptive. Checkout was at 11am.All in all a very good stay and I would be happy to recommend this hotel.	
Mar 20 2008 	far off city but hotel itself makes up for this actually!	I stayed in this hotel over New Years Eve 2007.We had booked the room over a website and since we were 3 people ww payed € 20 per night and person.This is more than favourable considering the cleanliness of the and comfort of the room and the friendly service. We stayed in another hotel of the same category last time we visited London,incomparable to this one in any possible point.Yes,this hotel is very far off the city but its not impossible to get to town,just takes you a while and you wont depend on having a car as much as people before me said.It takes you around 15 minutes to walk to Apex Corner bus station. You wont have to take the bus to Edgeware, take no 113 to Oxford Circus and get off an Hendon Central. From there take the Northern Line. You should get off at Hendon Central also upon arrival since if you get off at Edgeware youll go too far up north. In general getting to the hotel is not impossible and walking through that residential area is not a problem at all.Concerning the hotel being situated right off the M1,Id like to mention,that we didnt hear any traffic noise and our room was at the front side and towards the motorway.Altogether I can say that the long way to get to this hotel is worth it in the end!	
Mar 19 2008 	Clean but hidden Hotel far from the City	It`s been a while since we were in London staying at this hotel ( Oct. 2004 ) but i am currently updating my trip advisor page so here we go:The Hotel itself was very clean and quiet. Rooms were nicely decorated with marbeled Bathroom, Comfy Bed and big TV. Comp Breakfast was decent but Room Service was under average with soso food and long waiting time. Few steps away is a Fast Food Restaurant, souvenir shop and a little supermarket with airport prices ( as far as i remember ).While the Hotel itself is nice, the location really isn`t. You can only reach the Days Hotel by Highway Exit. There is another Street heading to the Days but when we tried to reach the hotel this way there was a big automatically Barriere on the Street few hundred Yards away from the Hotel. So we had to drive all the way back through the surrounding villages back ti Highway then take the right exit. Distance to London was about 20min-30min i think. Can`t imagine staying there without a car.So, if you have a car and a lot of time and dont mind staying near the highway you can expect a nice hotel and ok rates.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great hotel HORRIBLE DISTANCE from City Center	Stayed at the Days from Nov 18-26, 2007.. first we'll do the pros..Got a great rate thru travelocity, hotel is new, pictures look just like the ones online, nice, spacious modern hotel, easy check in, comfy beds, nice bathroom, good restaraunt Indigo Restaurant (fish and chips is mmm mmm good) onsite, we paid about $89 US dollars a night which is a UNBEATABLE rate ....rate included free breakfast.... eggs, sausage, bagels, bacon, fruit salad, yogurts, juices, cereal, etc. pretty nice spread, hotel staff friendly ,helpful, overall the hotel itself was great... NOW here comes the con.. there is only one con about this hotel, the LOCATION.. right off the M1 and nearest tube is Edgeware, this hotel is out of the way EVEN with a car, and forget getting into Central London without one, its do-able, but such a pain in the tushy....if you do stay here without a car, the hotel can call a taxi for you, make sure its with Apex Taxi Co. (if you can, ask for their driver named Ford, he's a sweetheart) they only charge 5 pounds each way, and since the hotel is right off of the M1, the taxi's go the back way street so you arent even dropped off in front of your hotel door, (which totally sucks if its raining and freezing outside)after you spend the day in the City, we just called the Apex Taxi Service from inside Edgeware Station and waited for pick..(another 5 pounds)...so if you dont mind spending 10 pounds a day on taxi pickup, waiting for the taxi, then paying 6 pounds to ride the tube on top of that each day, then waiting for the taxi once you get off the tube.. then walking to your hotel door off some back alley street(although we felt safe on the street, and its CCTV monitored) then by all means stay here....if only they could get a large crane and pick up this hotel and put it near Picadilly Circus it'd be perfect, but that aint gonna happen soooooo I think the next time in London, I'll stay at a hotel thats right around from the tube... MIND THE GAP!!	
Nov 22 2007	Good and Nice Hotel - But really far	I stayed this Hotel on Nov 17 and Nov 18. Perhaps I was very unlucky since these were rainy days, cold and the sky got dark very very early at 4:00pm, plus the nearest underground station to Days Hotel - the Edgware, was closed for 2 days due to improvement works. It caused me 22-25 pounds to get a taxi from Central London to this hotel and even the closest station (Edgware) cost 5 pounds. To walk? you may, so long as you are willing to walk in a very quite and dark road for about 45 mins in rainy days and probably you will think 5 pounds was just okay.Going back to the hotel, frankly, it very nice and clean and room is big enough. The lobby also nice and comfortable to seat and staff also helpful. The price charged is also reasonable and so my conclusion is really nice to stay. But, unless you drive by yourself or you don't mind paying extra for taxi [being a visitor I don't think bus or walk is a good choice], you need to consider this.	
Nov 11 2007 	great hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night on 9th Nov 07 and were very impressed. We got a great discount off the full price so didnt know what to expect but it was fine. The room was large, very clean and comfortable and the bathroom impressive. We expected a continental breakfast but were very impressed when we found a full english breakfast awaiting us. This hotel was far superior to the travelodges and some much more expensive hotels that we have stayed in in london over the past few years. We will definately use this hotel in future.	
Oct 7 2007 	Convenient North London accommodation	Have recently returned from a two night stay at Days Hotel. Even after reading the various reviews, was a bit aprehensive about staying there, as it is on a service stop of the M1. BUT was very pleasantly surprised. It was a last minute booking, (only booked in the morning,) and we knew we would arrive before their &quot;official&quot; check in time. Did phone to say we would be arriving early, and we were told no problem. Efficient and friendly check-in. We found the rooms very big - and spacious. Breakfast was adequate for our needs and we will certainly be staying there again when we have to be in the North London Area.	
Sep 13 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	Nice hotel, very modern and clean. The executive bedrooms were massive and really pleasant. No complaints really except that the staff were a bit brusque but it's not the end of the world! The continental breakfast was nice and I slept like a log! Can't comment on the food as the restaurant was closed when we arrived (after 10pm). I was disappointed they didn't have room service but we just called a takeaway! Very handy for London too and can't really go wrong at this price.	
Sep 12 2007 	cheap comfort	I was looking for a cheap hotel in london where to stay with my family, during our london trip. Everyone told us london is a very expensive city, and that usually hotel rooms aren't really clean and big. We booked in this hotel and when we got there we've been really surprised by the great service. Not to mention the rooms, which were big and very nice.A huge breakfast buffet waiting for us in the morning, professional receptionists and everything you expect to find.We paid a low price for a really good hotel, perhaps a bit far from the city centre, but with close underground and bus connections.	
Sep 7 2007	Convenient 	Easy to find.Lots of parking.Couterous &amp; efficient staff.Clean &amp; well appointed rooms.Good breakfast.Easy to get into London.Can't ask for more, really.	
Aug 7 2007 	Excellent value hotel	Stayed at this hotel on Fri/Sat nights for a family (2 adults, 2 children) weekend in London. Superb value. We booked through laterooms.com and paid £49.50 each night for the room (including breakfast!!!!). Room was a decent size and both that and the bathroom were spotless. Breakfast choice was ample. Drove a relatively short distance to East Finchley tube station (parking £1 all day on Sat and Sun) and after a 20 minute journey on the Northern Line we were in central London. Fantastic. Would definitely use this hotel again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good Hotel	Great location and very reasonable for London. You do need a car as in affect it is a motorway service area and you cannot walk anywhere (or risk getting arrested ). Hotel is clean, brand new and cheap and very handy for Central London. I stayed here quite a bit when working in London.	
Jul 29 2007 	Fantasic value	Excellent room of good proportions limited hanging space but very comfortable and clean Tea and coffee maker and good air-conditioning...I have had worse rooms in 4* hotels..the only downside is the position ..OK if you have transport..and the breakfast was excellent and all for a VERY cheap rate on a Saturday night,,would definitely go again	
Jun 23 2007 	This place is for real	This hotel works great for a London stay. I booked through Sidestep and paid almost nothing for it ($50 US). You can walk to the Apex roundabout (1 mile), catch a bus to the Edware station and then into the tube and all over London. The hotel can set you up with a taxi company that will let you call them and get back to the hotel at night for 5 pounds. Plus the hotel is very nice, as nice as any European hotel and super cheap. I would definitely recommend this place. Get them to put you on the train side of the hotel, the cars are too loud on the freeway side. You DO NOT need a car to stay at this hotel if you are willing to walk 1 mile...	
Feb 23 2007 	Great Place! Suprised!	This place is beautiful. I stayed there for 4 nights and was extremely pleased with my stay.Its very new and modern, you can tell when you walk in. The eastern European staff are very helpful, no complaints. I will say i am very low maintenance, and it was just me by myself....I did not stay for any breakfasts, or need to use the wifi connection so I cant comment on any of those type of extras.But the single room comes with 2 twin beds together..great!The rooms are very clean, very big, and modern. Bathroom was amazing (better than mine at home) and plenty of clean towels and linen.Just the size and how modern the place was really suprised me.But a warning..it is ONLY accessible off the M1 motorway...so if you dont have a car, it would be pretty akward getting there and going anywhere during your stay....hotel provides free parking so its ok. And the guy who had his car broken into...he looked like he was parked in the rest stop parking area, around the other side of the hotel, there is parking exclusively for hotel guests (and there is a security guard posted out there at night) I mean there are BMW's, Mercedes and God knows what else parked in the lot, i felt very safe parking my rented Nissan there.And I couldnt hear any traffic noise from the motorway...also supposedly theres a rail line that passes right behind it, and i didnt hear that a single time.I was there to just sightsee around London, so it was great as from the hotel, you just get on the M1 for a few minutes, off at the first exit, and a short drive to the mill hill or finchley underground stations (its 2.50 pounds to park your car there for the day...cheap)....maybe a 20 minute drive in total. and a 30 or so minute underground ride to the heart of london.Theres a nice looking restaurant at the lobby area, and a nice looking bar with plasma TV's.The rest stop next door is also pretty convenient...you can pick up toiletry items, snacks, magazines, etc theres also a burger king, and another restuarant where you can order more traditional english food (lamb shank for dinner, full english hot breakfast) also a mobile phone store where i picked up a UK sim card and phone charger which i forgot to pack.So if you have a car, pick up a road map so you can find the underground stations and stay in this hotel!!	
Jul 19 2006	Good choice for M1 travellers	We chose to stay at this hotel after reading TripAdvisor reviews, both good and bad, and were pleasantly surprised. The staff were friendly and helpful, whatever their nationality. Breakfast was very good and fresh and the dining room was kept clean all the time. The bedroom was clean, well-equipped and comfortable and the bathroom was fine, except for the difficult-to-use soap mentioned before but that's a minor problem. The location is good if you don't mind driving for fifteen to twenty minutes to the nearest Tube station (Edgware, Mill Hill or Stanmore). We were worried about the car but we've had our vehicle damaged in France outside a hotel so it's likely to happen anywhere. We would definitely stay at the Days Hotel again.	
Jun 27 2006	Very odd place	I just got back from my stay in London, and had mixed feelings about this hotel. I guess overall I didn't like it, because I wouldn't stay there again. However, I didn't feel ripped off and thought that it wasn't bad for what I paid---about $50 US Dollars a night (including their buffet breakfast). The rest stop itself that houses the hotel seems new, but not very good. The Burger King has a sign saying that they accept Mastercard, but they wouldn't accept mine. Ghetto. There was broken glass in the parking lot, obviously from smashed windows. Maybe from the guy who wrote the review about his car being broken into? I found it odd that the same glass was there when I checked in, and still there days later when I checked out. I had no problems with my car being parked there whatsoever.The front desk staff aren't rude, but they aren't very nice either. They are clueless when it comes to explaining things that should be simple, like internet access. I should have left my laptop at home, I didn't use it all.The rooms are ok, but they use liquid soap in the bathroom, which is extremely irritating to shower with. They also didn't refill them properly a couple of times. One day the hot water wasn't working, but they fixed it quickly.Twice I came back to the room and the TV connection was disabled. I plugged it back in and it worked fine. Why would the people making up the room unhook the TV? Seems kind of odd, but they didn't mess with anything else.If this location is good for you, try to get the lowest possible price and take your chances.	
Jun 5 2006 	would not stay here ever again	Dont get me wrong, this hotel is very clean, modern and spacious. However the morning i woke up, i had breakfast, went to my car, and problems began. My car, along with about 7 or 8 others had been broken into. not 1 window, but 3. I had nothing valuable in the car but i guess these vandasl check glove box, boot, everything.Now the car park has many security cameras, and one way in, one way out. reception is occupied 24 hours a day, and they have all the surveillance in a room behind. They knew about the break inns, yet never informed me until i found out myself, and they said there was nothing they could do. What a load of rubbish. security here is pathetic, and seems to me that staff were actually part of the criminals. Your telling me no one noticed in the night that 7 or 8 cars were being broken into???Police werent interested, and staff know this. Ive spoke to a fre people who said this happens around there. So if you go, i hope your not unlucky as to be caught out by the gang that are part of the criminals who run this hotel.	
May 29 2006	excellent hotel	We stayed at the Days Inn hotel (London gateway) this weekend and found it to be better than most hotels we have stayed in London. The room we stayed in was what they call an executive double (as they didn’t have standard double) which is aimed at business guests. The room was really spacious and clean with excellent shower. There is also free parking for guests which is not the case with most other hotels. I have to agree with other reviewers that the location is awkward if you do not have car, which we did. We drove and parked in the outskirts of London and took a tube to explore central London. We will definitely stay here again rather than pay more than what we paid here for a small dirty unhygienic room in central London.	
May 28 2006	Really Good Hotel	I have stayed for one night at this hotel, I was very suprised after seeing the quality of places like Travelodges, this place is God send.If you are planning to visit London then head for the North starting from the begining of the M1 after leaving the North Circular and you need to spend a night somewhere, then this is the place to stay giving you a head start!The only small problem is that you may hear the occasional train go by, but you will not hear much from motorway noise. Car parking is also separate from the normal motorway visitor parking.The breakfast is good and the lounge and dining area is well layed out with very helpful eastern european staff who make the effort to ask you if there is anything they can get you?Well done Days Inn! a real surprise oasis!	
Apr 30 2006	great hotel but location is awkward..	i got a great deal on the net for this hotel. its a nice hotel, great room, bigger than a usual dbl for london, nice strong hot shower, comfortable big bed. excellent cooked breakfast included with the rate i paid. only problem is difficult to access without car. it suited my circumstances in any case. will return one day.	
Mar 31 2006	Decent place; difficult location	A newish and quite comfortable motel, the kind with which North Americans will be very familiar. As others have said, not easy to get to without a car. You can take a 'bus (no. 113; reasonably frequent) from Oxford Street to Apex Corner, but it's a good 15-20 minute walk from there along a partly-subterranean access road that no lone woman will want to traverse at night (and, if you're carrying a heavy suitcase, no man either). Friendly clientele, who seem to be Polish these days. Good cooked breakfast included in the price. No local amenities, beyond what you'll find at the adjacent motorway service station. Telephone calls from the room VERY expensive, even by British standards--and yes, they charge for toll-free access numbers.	
Jan 24 2006 	Nice hotel but you need a car	Difficult to access public transport from hotel. Clean and good value. Inflexible management. (Need to carry awkward breakfast trays from ground floor to upper floors, regardless of group size. Cannot eat in breakfast room, even if it's empty.) Very friendly and helpful reception.	
Oct 25 2005 	Great Value	I stayed in this hotel on and off for the best part of 3 months and offers excellent value. Its new, modern, clean and the foods good in the italian style restaurant downstairs. The downside of this hotel is the fact that its a motorway service station on the M1 in North London. Hence you need a car to get anywhere. Excellent value for its proximity to London.	
Oct 8 2005 	Fabulous hotel	Absolutely excellent in every way. The staff are all very friendly espcially a young Irish receptionist. She couldn't have been more helpful to me as I was there under difficult circumstances.My room was large and clean and the decor had some nice touches. A thoroughly good experience.	
Jul 21 2005 	What a bargain?	Forget paying extortionate rates and getting a tiny, shabby room with no mod cons being charged for parking and given stick by the staff. I stay here at least once a month if i am visiting west/central london or going to birmingham by car. You get a gorgeous new room with A/C and clean bathroom for £40-£50. This offering can't be beaten for its proximity to London and what you get for your money. Also staff are great with the best food and coffees ever in a budget type hotel. 100s of free parking spaces also. Rooms are huge and funkily decorated. This is the best value hotel in or around London!!!	
May 29 2005	Excellent ValueFriendly Staff	My Family and i spent 3 nights in the London Gateway Hotel ,(NEXT TO M1 Motorway ).The one and only drawback to this hotel was that it was on the side of the motorway which necessitated having our own transport.The restaurant had an italian theme which we really enjoyed however beware if you do not like italian cuisine.The breakfast was buffet style and was both plentiful and delicious.We found the staff extremely friendly and obliging.We really got value for our money and will definitely return to this hotel on our next visit to London.	
Sep 28 2009	?????????????		
Aug 18 2009	?????????		
