Nov 3 2009 	Great Location	For a budget hotel this is what I expected after staying near Paddington Station earlier this year. The Jubilee is just 2 blocks from Victoria Station and about a 20 minute walk to the Eye. I booked this room on Expedia but it did not mention that the room did not have its own bathroom, it was shared and in the basement! The shared bath was cleaner than I expected, but I did not like having a basement room with widows opening on to the main street - people stood around late after coming back from the pubs smoking and the smell/noise came directly into the room. We didn't eat breakfast that was provided, it was always crowded by the time we arrived. The telephone in the room did not work, but at reception we were able to make local calls. Considering we only stayed in the room to sleep, it was not a bad experience overall. I would stay here again, but confirm you have your own bath.	
Oct 23 2009 	I felt like committing suicide after one night in this dump	The hotel I was booked into double booked and I ended up in the Jubilee at the last minute. It really is the most depressing place I have ever stayed in. In all fairness it isn't dirty but just depressingly shabby. Cigarette burns were the main feature of the room. The curtains had burns, the shower had rust in every corner, the lavatory had burns every where and a few rather suspicious looking unpleasant marks.The breakfast is so bad it is almost funny. A cup of cold tea, when I asked for a hot one the waiter reluctantly offered to put it in a microwave. A yoghurt, followed by some toast , but I was afraid to use the marmalade or jam because of the amount of debris in the dishes. The staff are downright rude, and the whole feel of the place utterly unpleasant. It is truly to be avoided unless you are totally desperate.	
Oct 13 2009 	cheap but they don't smile	This hotel is cheap, but they don't smile. unless you're ok with this, find other hotels.location wise, it is not far from Victoria station, so no worries if you have to carry or drag your luggage.Additionally, if you go to this hotel, bearing in mind the price you pay, please expect the following:1. Small room2. Small shower &amp; toilet3. Toasted bread as breakfast	
Sep 18 2009 	The Worst Hotel in the World	Certainly the worst I have ever stayed in.The rooms are disgustingly filthy, small, and damp. Things are broken. There are mice and rats.The staff are unbelievably, offensively rude. They will ring you at 8am and demand to know if you're coming to breakfast.They will shout at you for no reason.They only take payment in cash which makes me think they are - at the very least - defrauding the Inland Revenue.It is a vile, nasty place and there are much better, equally cheap alternatives.ABSOLUTELY AVOID.	
Jul 17 2009 	Pick a neihbouring hotel	The hotel is clean enough. The boys at reception are very helpfull. However the breakfast is a joke. For piece of toast you will wait quite a bit. We stayed three nights and for this time the towels weren't changed once. The shared bathroom and toilet is 1x2 meters so you can imagine how small it is and is crying for new paint and shower curtain.On the day of departure we requested wake up call which we never got. So make sure if you travel early you get your own alarm.On the next street there are at least 10 other hotel, which for the same money offer much better service and accommodation.	
Apr 13 2009 	unforgettable in the worst way	Upon arrival during the night I was told they were giving me a double room for the price of a single but the room was untidy and not ready, so I had to complain and was asked to move into another room just for the night. I could move back to &quot;my&quot; room the following day, but the cleaness was still very low. old and dirty furniture. Moudly toilets. Unfriendly and incompetent staff at breakfast (a smile and kindly manners would have been appreciated instead of mugs literaly thrown on the tables). Intrusive and annoying guys at the reception desk. I took their business card in order to avoid going there again!	
Mar 5 2009 	Nice location	It is very near to Victoria Station. Small rooms, but helpful stuff. Plain breakfast. Value for money regarding the location.	
Feb 17 2009 	paper thin walls and is London really that expensive???	It was clean enough, at least I couldn't find any bugs. The &quot;in-suite bath&quot; is actually a fiberglass unit for a boat or something. Which was amusing, but not 50 quid a night amusing. The room was charmingly small, they'd clearly carved up the house into as many tiny rooms as possible. The best part was the free wifi from the rich neighbors, as my room being at the back was a little too far for the hotel's router. They would only give me one towel, but hey, it was clean and nobody robbed me, so I guess for London that's all you can expect at this price. I'm trying a different one next time, but not expecting anything better for this price range. I had to wear earplugs even while awake in my room as the high-def details of my neighbor's cough were too disgusting to bear.	
Jan 7 2009 	Would Not Return	Plus 1: I got down late for breakfast on my first morning. The manager was very nice and organized a late breakfast for me. He was very nice and friendly at that time.Plus 2: I complained about my small room, and for the same price, I was moved to a bigger room a couple of days later. They did not seem keen on the idea of me checking out early.Plus 3: The hotel was very warm. They did not skimp on the heating which was great.Plus 4: The breakfast was very nice. Always a nice hot cuppa tea. They used real china and the service was prompt and attentive. It was awkward sharing a table with total strangers but it was either that or go hungry.Minus 1: My room was very narrow and the bathroom was very cramped in a cupboard in which I had to step up in order to get onto the toilet. The basin had nasty chips and was unhygienic looking. Minus 2: The bed was comfy but the pillow was not! I had to use my clothes as a pillow. However, when I changed rooms, the next pillow was comfortable.Minus 3: The attitude of the male staff seemed to change after my complaint about the small room and bathroom. They seemed to become cold and unfriendly.I would not stay here again but the location near Victoria was great. The Comfort Inn is closer still to Victoria and if I were ever to stay in this part of London again, I would choose the Comfort Inn.	
Nov 28 2008 	Sufficient. Not flashy not horrible.	This is a mediocre, yet safe, few- steps- up- from a Hostel in a pleasant neighborhood of London. Conveniently short walk to the main subway stop, Victoria Station. With the exception of the kind and helpful manager, the rest of the staff appears stand-offish and uninterested in customer service, though this may be more of a communication or translation problem because most of them do not speak English. The room is indeed small, and certainly not the cleanest room you'll ever stay in but sufficient for those who intend to spend their time out and about rather than lounging in the hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great location	The location is great . . . about 5 minutes to Victoria Station and access to the underground, trains, and buses. It is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. They put us in a larger room than we had requested for the same price so it was quite spacious. The website I had booked the room on quoted a higher price and they corrected that when they saw the price I had booked at so they are honest. Breakfast is basic cereal, yogurt and toast. It would be nice if they would add some fruit or hard boiled eggs.	
Jul 8 2008	jubilee hotel--friendly and close to victoria	we needed a good hotel for a couple of decompression nights in london after a week in italy and one in lancashire--before our gatwick-ft lauderdale flight back home: jubilee hotel was perfect! 2 + 1/2 blocks from victoria station (train &amp; tube) and run by a very solicitous family--bevan (sp?) patel even made sure his new ice machine was available for our 2-night stay! the room and &quot;en-suite&quot; were small but clean and very quiet--perfect for our brief re-encounter with the charms of this vibrant city...	
Jun 29 2008 	Great location	We had a pleasant stay at Jubilee hotel. The rooms were small but clean and so was the bathroom, which for us is very important. We had a room at the top (4th) floor and there was no elevator. For us that was no problem, just a bit of extra exercise. Breakfast was as you could expect, no abundance but rather acceptable. The location next to Victoria coach station was just perfect for us as our flight from London was very early in the morning and we were able to walk to the bus stop in just a few minutes. I have stayed in several hotels and hostels and there has been some much worse than the Jubilee.It’s a no frills accommodation but very nice for the price you pay.	
Mar 25 2008	Avoid!!	Hotel- Rooms are small and clean- Bathroom is very small. The shared bathroom is bigger than en-suite- I found the manager very moody. He does not like to talk a lot. Evening staff was very nice and interacts with guests.Eating out What ever you do avoid Spicy World indian restaurant (5 mins away from the hotel). If you do go there, avoid the chef specials!! Food is bland and looks like dogs dinner.To sum up, I would avoid this hotel and find another budget hotel.	
Dec 15 2007 	Small but adequate	I booked on the basis of Rick Steves' review. I had the opportunity to speak with him on a call-in radio show prior to leaving &amp; I told him I was risking my marital bliss based on his guidebook.I ended up having to move my reservation by two weeks, which the hotel handled without a problem.Upon arrival, the hotel had a plumbing issue in one of the rooms, so my wife and I spent our first night in room 35. It was so small that the bed could only be exited on one side - all three other sides abutted a wall. The shower was approximately 2' x 2' x 6'6&quot;. There was a hand-held shower head, but I still found it nearly impossible to wash thoroughly. The bed, supposedly a double, was really more like a twin-&amp;-a-half. The room was clean (other than a cigarette burn in the bedspread), but it was really so small as to be laughable. I've stayed at the Upper West Side YMCA in NYC; this room was smaller. I'm sure they don't normally put two people in this room (especially two fat Americans!) because there was only one towel in the room.Breakfast was toast, cereal, yogurt, juice &amp; coffee. Not great, but adequate and served with a smile.As we were leaving for the day, the manager let us know that they'd be moving us to another room. We told him that our junk was kinda unpacked, but he told us they'd be happy to organize our stuff &amp; move it for us. We were hesitant, but we agreed. Upon our return, we found our bags had been repacked with care &amp; transplanted to room G1 on the ground floor. The room was such a vast improvement that we nearly cried. It was still small by American standards, but there was a desk, a closet, hangers, &amp; a bathroom that, while still small, was big enough to use. We couldn't have been more thrilled.The rest of our stay was quite pleasant. The desk staff was helpful &amp; polite, although the night manager (a woman) seemed somewhat disapproving when my wife &amp; I returned separately &amp; an hour apart one night.At checkout, we had to produce our receipt from check-in to show that we really had paid in full in advance (per the hotel policy). They keep their records hand written in a book and the person who checked us in didn't write our payment down. Overall, our experience was pretty good. If circumstances allow, I'll probably pay a bit more &amp; upgrade our hotel next time. If budget is an issue, I'd certainly stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Enjoyable	Jubilee Hotel was a great place to stay. It's close to shops, buses, trains, the Underground and places to eat. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was small but cozy, very clean and quiet. The breakfast was basic but good. We enjoyed our stay and would stay again.	
Aug 15 2007 	Liked it!	We enjoyed our stay at the Jubilee immensely. Our room was small but quite clean. The bathroom was teeny-tiny but also quite clean and was actually in our hotel room so we didn't have to share with people we didn't know. They have computers for internet access which is convenient. They also stored our luggage for us until check in since we were a little early. We were confused on the breakfast time and came late the first morning and they grudgingly accomodated us. For the price and location we think it was an excellent value. If you are looking for cheap accomodation in London the Jubilee is a great choice.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great location!	Simple &amp; clean place to stay. No frills or extras...but we didn't need it. Very close to Victoria Station (3 blocks), so very convenient to the transportation hubs.	
Jun 16 2007 	good location	Hotel was ok. Great location and easy to find. The front desk staff were very accomadating. It was nice that they had a computer there for guests to use. Breakfasts could have been better. Rooms very small and not as clean as I would have liked. The bed was small for two adults and not very comfortable. The worst part was the noise from the neighbors. The walls very paper thin and you could hear everything. The last night a family with several members stayed in the room next to us and talked and jumped around until well after midnight and then was up at 4:30 am to leave.	
Apr 20 2007 	Good location hotel okay	I found this hotel in Rick Steves London book. I originally wanted to book the Cherry Court hotel but they were full. The cost for four nights was $525 for a double with en suite bathroom (65 pounds/night). I booked using the booking website linked off their website. While booking I requested the 5% discount as specified in the Rick Steves book but when I arrived they did not accept this. The room was very small and the bedspead had old stains on it. A simple picture on the wall would help increase the room ambience. To sit on the toilet you have to sit sideways. The shower and bathroom was always very clean.Breakfast consisted of cereal, one yougert, lots and lots of thin toast, o.j. and coffee or tea. There was a sign on the door stating that the &quot;English Breakfast&quot; had been discountinued Nov 2006. Breakfast is from 7:30-9:00. The first morning we arrived for breakfast shortly after 9:00 because I mistakingly thought that breakfast was until 9:30. There were still many guests eating their toast and cereal but we were not allowed anything since we were a few minutes late. When leaving, guests had to leave their room keys at the door. This was somewhat annoying and seemed less secure than being able to keep your keys with you. It seemed less secure becuase the desk never seemed to recognize you or what room you were in. There is a computer in the dining room and using the Internet costs 1 pound per hour. The location is great, about 2 blocks from Victoria Station. From this location we were able to walk to many places.If I ever go to London again I would definitely pay a little more money for a better hotel in the same area.	
Mar 30 2007	Good locationclean room 	Hotel is about two blocks from Victoria Station, in a quiet neighborhood and about a block away from Sainsbury's supermarket and lots of good restaurants .The Staff were very friendly and helpfull. for the price about $50. american dollars.I didn't mind the small room on the ground floor by the TV room.pros: location!l! prices friendly staffHighly recommended!!!!!	
Sep 25 2006 	Fantastic Service	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights in the second week of September. Staff are all very friendly and extremely helpful. Rooms are quite small but with everything you need. We were all out all day and the evenings and therefore were really only using the hotel to sleep in. There is no air con and as it had been a hot day the room was very warm even with the windows wide open. We asked if they had a fan and half an hour later a fan was brought to our room. They really went out of their way to make us more comfortable. You can book and pay for excursions from the hotel as well. As it was our 10th wedding anniversary we were on our own but we hope to return to London next year and bring our children with us and we will definately book this hotel again. The position of the hotel is excellent. Well within walking distance of many of the most popular attractions.	
Aug 31 2006 	Very Nice For The Price	My family of 4 (2 adults, 2 teens) stayed for two nights in Room 44 at the Jubilee in August 2006. We knew it was a walk up so were not upset at the 4 flight walk. The room was similar to an American motel room with 1 double bed and two twin beds. Everything was clean and neat. The bathroom was very small, but clean and adequate. Breakfast was basic but good. Staff was very friendly, we arrived early in the morning and were able to check in to our room early. Location couldn't be beat -- walking distance to Buckingham Palace and other attractions, many stores nearby, nice view from the front of the hotel. Short tube ride from everything else. I'd recommend Jubilee for the cost conscious traveler.	
Jun 28 2006	Good B	We were referred to the Jubilee Hotel by the Cherry Court hotel when they could not not book us for 2 nights. Both hotels are listed as B&amp;B by R. Steves with the Cherry Court having a more favorable review. In our opinion, the Jubilee was better by far. We stopped in before leaving London for Paris to book a room for our return. The proprietor showed us a room on the first floor. It opened into a smal foyer, with a door to the right having the shower, a door to left with the sink and commode and a door straight ahead to the bedroom. The Bedroom was small with a full and twin bed, and large window with stout bars overlooking the neighboring roof. It was acceptable so we agreed on the price of 55 pounds and he held the reservation with only our names. On our return to London, we arrived a little later than expected and the same desk person said he had given &quot;our room&quot; away, but would give us a triple/quad room on the second floor for the same price.He insisted on helping to carry our suitcases upstairs and was very helpful with info etc. as needed.This room was larger with one full size bed and two narrow twins (one appeard to be a roll-away). There was a small dresser with mirror above and tea pot with teas and sugar. The only other furniture was a very small table holding the phone. Each bed held a folded towel and bar of soap--no shampoo. The en suite bath was compact with shower, sink and commode. Everything was very clean, although the bedspreads were old and tired with old stains on them. There was a large bay window facing the back of the hotel but with one of the beds in front of it. The view was of a one way street and private park (no bars on this window). We had the window open since there in no A/C, but it was surprisingly noisy with traffic. We closed the window, could still hear traffic and the curtains are very lightweight, so bright light in the morning. The beds were only so-so comfort-wise. In the morning with the window open again we heard the clip-clop of about a dozen horse/riders in formation passing by. Breakfast is from 7:30 to 9:00 in the breakfast room by reception area. There are about 4-5 quad tables set with placemats and dinnerware. Immediate service with OJ, tea/coffee, choice of one fried egg, bacon, toast and beans(?) or OJ, tea/coffe and roll . A very pleasant breakfast with TV news in the background. There is also a computer in this room with internet access, free if you just want to quickly check email and small fee for longer use. The hotel is older but very well kept with fresh paint in the reception area and wide stairwell. The quad room was roomy for 2, would be OK for 2adults and 2 children, but for 4 adults, think old dorm room. Even the first room we were shown was better than what we found at the Cherry Court the next night.The Credit charge bill came with a $110. dollar fee for the Jubilee ( a little more than 55 pounds), so I guess there is a conversion fee or CC charge. The location is very good for transportation and you really get a nieghborhood feel in this area. The phone is free for long distance phone card use. If the rate is acceptable to you, I would recommend this hotel for it's friendly, helpful staff, great breakfast, and nieghborhood feel. There is NO A/C.	
Jun 13 2006	Really good hotel	I booked this hotel a few nights before staying.I booked a room with shared bathroom - it was £35 for two nights, but when i got there i was told the room had been taken up another night by another guest.So they gave me a en-suite room.Really really good - very pleased. Bathroom clean, room clean, good view.They do english or conti. breakfast (customer choice) but i woke up late - 15 mins after they finished doing breakfast. But they still made me a full english breakfast - really nice!Location is superb too.Downsides:- The staircase and hall of the hotel could be done up a bit, but this did not bother me.- The Tv was on top of a wardrobe - making it hard to see.As you can see these are very small things which are easily forgiven in such a good hotel.	
Jun 3 2006	Great Hotel In Great Location	This family-run hotel is a great value. The Jubilee is situated on a relatively quiet street across from a park, and is very close to the Victoria tube/rail/coach station. The room itself was small but clean, and contained a TV, telephone, writing desk, and tea/coffee-making items. Guests have a choice each morning of complimentary English or Continental breakfast. For such great service at a fair price in the middle of London, this hotel is highly recommended.	
Oct 27 2005	good value	good value hotel for the price, and good location close to victoria station. rooms nice size family friendly. Handy that you can leave bags at hotel on day of depature so can spend day in london without worring about them.	
Jun 28 2005	Check your bill before you sign	I had a pleasant enough stay in this hotel in May - it was what I expected for the price range - rough round the edges, in need of some redecoration, but generally clean.I've only just received my credit card bill for payment of the stay and I'm shocked to see that the hotel debited my account in Euros when it should have been in sterling - so it ended up costing me more than I thought, plus a conversion charge. I'm pretty cross at this as apparently they are supposed to ask you if you wish to pay in euro or sterling - which they most certainly did not.	
Jun 22 2004	All I wanted was clean sheets	I knew that the rooms would be small and sparsely furnished. It didn't bother me that the bathroom was tiny. I expected that. All I wanted was clean sheets. We had to take our sheets down to get new ones and our blanket was badly stained. The bathroom looked like it hadn't seen a cleaning agent in a long time. I felt like I was in a fire trap - No way out except the narrow stairwell in the middle of the building.	
Nov 23 2009 	El personal confunde dar servicio con hacerte un favor		
Nov 19 2009 	Concert de Muse		
Oct 18 2009 	Nichts für anspruchvolle Gäste		
Oct 15 2009 	ottima posizione scarso tutto il resto		
Jul 22 2009 	Non male!		
Apr 18 2009 	très médiocre		
Nov 19 2008 	No está nada mal		
Aug 27 2008 	Buena ubicación lo recomiendo sin duda		
Feb 26 2008 	Buono per piccole vacanze. Senza troppe pretese		
Nov 4 2007 	Difficilmente in Italia potrebbe ospitare qualcuno		
Jan 5 2007	Pésimo servicio de camareras		
