Nov 25 2009 	May be we were unlucky but too many problems	The good bits: Spacious, well decorated, clean rooms. All the staff - bar one - were charming, helpful and friendly.The bad bits:We had booked a non-smoking room for two nights. We were given a smoking room. When we went down to ask to have the type of room we had booked, the receptionist glared at us, and went in to the back room, with out saying anything. When she returned, I showed her our booking confirmation. She studied it, and said: 'Non smoking. That's only a request.' Huh? With bad grace, she gave us a ground floor non smoking room. An apology and a better attitude would have been welcome. The ground floor room, in itself, was no problem, but - on the second evening the restaurant beneath us had been booked for a special event. At about 7:00pm, the dreaded thud, thud, thud of the disco came booming through the floor. On complaining, I was told that it should finish by midnight or so. I said that wasn't good enough, and could we see the manager to voice our concerns. We were told that the manager didn't want to see us (what's the point of having a manager on duty if not to handle complaints?) This receptionist was very helpful and polite, and moved us to our third room - the one I wish we had had in the first place.The bath and shower was too much of a compromise. The bath was tiny, and the shower was underpowered. I don't mind which I have, but either the bath should be bigger or the shower more powerful.The (strangely, in this day and age) analogue TV wasn't working properly some of the time. Our newspaper didn't arrive before we checked out (10:00am). The breakfasts were very good: a large buffet, including locally reared sausages (well, pigs, I suppose). I wasn't aware there was a pig farm in Acton, but you live and learn. Specials, at an extra cost, were also theoretically available. I say theoretically because they ran out of kippers.We had dinner on one night: overall very good, except that my citrus crusted monkfish fillets were definitely...fishy. Too fishy - in a somewhat going off state. An ambitious menu, largely successful, though.Charging £15 plus 25p per minute for internet access is a little steep, in my opinion.Despite this catalogue of complaints, I do think we were probably unlucky. I would give this chain another go.	
Nov 22 2009 	Amazing place to stay.	I love this hotel so much. I have stayed at this hotel before and I have nothing but brilliant experiences.The hotel is very very clean, bedding is comfortable and warm.The fixtures and fittings are amazing too. Everything about this hotel is perfect. Next to Hanger Lane station as well. So you can get a tube straight into Central London. Should take you around 15 minutes max.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Hotel Great location Great stay!!!	I had an excelent experience at this hotel. Before i went, i checked some reviews of tripadvisor of this hotel as i always do. I have to say that it was better than what i was expecting. The reception is big, clean and has a great and modern decoration. Staff were very helpful and efficient. The room was very very welcoming. Great decoration, very clean, and very warm as well which felt very good, as it was quite cold outside. The room had great ameanities such as miniatures of shower gel, shampoo, body lotion, soaps as well as bathrobs...Also had a mini fridge and a laptop safe which was quite useful. Not an extremely spacious room, but i think is very reasonable for 2 people. One of the best things about this hotel is the Underground station right next to it. Its great as you can get anywhere without having to pay for taxi. Breakfast was excelent. Served in a lovely decorated restaurant, great staff and most important great food. Lots of variety such as fresh fruits, fresh juices, several types of milk (soya, skimmed,semi-skimmed) great pastries, etc...Overall, an excelent experience!	
Sep 25 2009 	Bad Service took 2 hrs extra to check in clean rooms.	This has got to be one of the worst hotels I have stayed in. We first arrived from a 12 hr flight to the hotel @ 3:30pm, We went to check in and were told that there were 3-4 others waiting for a room to be cleared out. We were then told it would take over an hour to get a room and were told to wait downstairs. We were then told that we could get a meal downstairs and it would be comp'd, yet that NEVER happened and we had to fight with the staff to even get into a room, finally 5:30 pm we got a room that was a single when we asked for a double. We took the room anyways as we had 4 luggages and 2 days later we were asked if we wanted to go up to the double (which we paid for) and we simply did not want to bother with the crappy service and stuck with the single room.Internet also costs 15 pounds per day and when we ordered room service, they forgot our order (for a sandwich) and waited an hour for the meal to arrive (at least they comp'd the service charge for room service). All in all, this is by no means a 4 Star hotel. I had one of the worst experiences there ever. Thankfully London is a beautiful city. Now the good news, The rooms were clean, the hotel was very nice looking, the location was great (2 mins away from Hanger Lane, which is on the Central Line). It is unfortunate on the day that we came, there were over 10 people very dissatisfied with the fact that they had no rooms to put us in until 5 PM. Can't do that at a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel Superb facilities worth a visit if your in the area	We stayed at this hotel as part of a group, being in the hotel trade you become overly critical were ever you go BUT the only fault that i could find would be breakfast. Whilst there was a good offering the service was slow and not particulary functional.The rooms were great and spotless with the bathrooms well equiped and the shower was powerful. If your staying in the area for business or pleasure i would recommend this over some of the others in the area.	
Sep 21 2009 	Lovely hotel but wish it was closer to Wembley Stadium	Myself and my husband stayed for one night as we were going to a concert at Wembley Stadium. Upon arrival check in was fast and the staff member on reception was very friendly and informative. The room was gorgeous (as is the whole of the hotel, it is immaculate and very swish) - very clean, nicely decorated and modern and it had a good view of the stadium. We had a snack in the cosy modern bar area which was very tasty although a little on the expensive side. There is a nice decking area outside to have a drink and a smoke if you wished and a member of the bar staff regularly checked if everyone was ok and wanted another drink which was good. We asked reception to arrange us a taxi to the stadium and it arrived very quickly which was impressive. We did, however have a big problem getting back to the hotel after the concert. There seemed to be no buses or taxis and the hotel location is quite long way if you are walking, especially late at night. It took us almost 2 hours to get back to the hotel which was very frustrating. It would be extremely handy if the hotel had a mini bus service to transport their guests to and from the stadium so that no one had to worry about getting back late at night. I noticed that a lot of people staying at this hotel were going to the concert so I am sure a mini bus service would be welcomed. We took breakfast the next day which was probably one of the best I have had in a hotel. There was a good selection of breakfasts and the staff very attentive and friendly. I would definitely stay at this hotel again as it was a very nice experience but if going to a concert at Wembley would try and find a closer place to stay.	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent hotel refurbished clean and handy for underground	We booked this hotel for one night so that we could drive to it from Hampshire and use it as a base to visit Kew Gardens. It has parking facilities at a reasonable price. Hangar Road underground station is across the road so it is also very handy for trains to the centre of London and the huge shopping mall at Shepherds Bush.The hotel has recently been re-furbished and I believe upgraded form 4 to 4.5 stars. The rooms were spotlessly clean with a large comfortable bed and tea/coffee making facilities.The staff in reception were friendly, cheerful and helpful. Overall, a highly recommended hotel at a reasonable price.The only annoying aspect about the hotel is that they charge heavily for using the room telephone. They even charge premium rate (10p/minute) to phone the hotel from outside!	
Aug 22 2009 	we get bargain	We booked the room while promotion, we can get 1 night free when book a night stay. To be honest, it is quite far away from the centre which took half and hour to go to zone 1 area. room is quite good and we had a nice stay there. there are many good Iraqi restaurants in that area.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good for Wembley - easy for central London.	My wife and I stayed here to go to the U2 concert at Wembley Stadium and this was one of the first hotels that popped up from Google in terms of location - we were really pleased with the hotel.We arrived at midday not expecting to check in, as the published time was 2.00pm. However, the room was ready for us and check in was quick and easy and very courteous. The room was very well equipped and quiet, considering the location on a major roundabout! Everything you would expect from a 4 star hotel was in place - a well equipped bathroom with appropriate toiletries, nice shower, selection of towels, large TV, tea and coffee etc. The bed was very comfortable and the room was of a very high standard in terms of decoration and general repair.The public areas of the hotel were immaculate. We took lunch in the hotel's bar before we headed to the gig. Lunch was of a very high standard and the service was again of a very good quality. The food was excellent and freshly cooked. I took a burger and my wife ordered the Duck dish. The food was a little on the pricey side, as we were expecting, but it was well cooked and a good lunchtime meal.Car parking was safe and secure - at a cost of £10 per day - which considering any location in London near a tube line was reasonable. We asked reception to order us a taxi to Wembley, which they did and they also telephoned our room when it arrived to save us hanging about in reception. We did not take breakfast on our room - so I cannot comment. However, one nice touch is that we wanted to explore London on our check out day and I asked if I could leave my car in their car park due to the hotel's location next to a central line tube station - this was no problem and they did not charge me for the additional day's parking. They couldn't have been more helpful or accomodating - they also asked if we needed guidebooks or tube maps and left these for us.Overall, we were delighted with the hotel. It was immaculate, quiet and efficient. A great location for Wembley and only a 10 minute tube ride in to central London made it an ideal choice for us on this occasion. Very pleased.	
Aug 4 2009 	okay yet not good enough to be a crowne plaza	This hotel is quite a way out of London on the central line west ruislip branch, handy for westgate and the bbc. Coming up from Dorset I found it easier to use the overland from clapham junction changing at shepherds bush onto the central Line. The check in was quick and easy - i stayed in a club room so had access to the club lounge. the lounge was good apart from the coffee machine was broken - it was well stocked of beers yet no water apart fizzy stuff. As I stayed in a club room my breakfast in the club lounge was included, yet they only served it until 09:30 no later at weekends. On Sundays the restaurant served breakfast until 11:00ish, odd that its not later for club customers. On Monday morning there was only cereal left at 09:00 and no one was checking to make sure it was refilled.The room was nice shame the windows wouldn't open, the tv was not working properly and they had not given me the luxurious toiletries as mentioned in the hotels blurb. I complained about the TV and was left a nice note in the room to tell me the handy man does not work weekends, yet they thanked me for reporting it they could get it fixed after the weekend. It was nice of them to leave a message yet a poor excuse. Most companies have contractors on call 24/7 shame this hotel doesn't. The TV wouldn't swing around to face the bed directly. The bathroom was okay, nice that the shower was separate from the bath, shame the toilet was squashed in a narrow area, with a solid toilet roller holder at thigh level. Being a larger gent it was quite uncomfortable for me. Poorly designed, when on the bed looking straight ahead you face the bathroom door and the toilet. odd?I spoke with one of the managers when I left and she said things should have gone better yet didn't seem surprised about my comments.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good Hotel for Wembley (If No 83 bus is running!!!)	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza when going to a Take That concert at Wembley Stadium.We found the hotel really easily on the Hanger Lane gyratory (be careful you don't miss the entrance, it isn't very well signposted!).On the outside it doesn't look that nice but inside it is, I believe its recently been renovated so its all quite new. Check in was quick and easy, I had booked through Expedia. Our rooms were nice and modern, big beds, nice bathrooms, tea/coffee/hot choc, TV with lots of channels.We got the No 83 to Wembley which was fine, it was about 20 min journey, and bus stop was just next door to hotel. When returning though be careful because the No 83 didn't seem to turn up to take us back, I don't know where it was, there were other buses but not the No 83, we ended up walking back to the hotel at 11pm, it took about 45 mins (fast walking). Maybe it would be better taking a taxi but it would cost a bomb having to wait in all the traffic queues. I think the hotel should provide a minibus and charge a small fee, I'm sure people would use it on event days, there were certainly lots of us trying to get back to the safety of the Crowne Plaza that night!!!!Anyway, once back we went to the bar and had a drink then went to bed.Breakfast in the morning was lovely, lots of choice, fruit, pastries, full english, juices etc etc, was of really good quality, check out was also speedy.So, overall a great hotel, just a shame theres not a better way of getting back from Stadium.	
Jun 6 2009 	An Excellent hotel just outside of London	Got fed up staying in hotels in London that offerred a poor level of service so choose this hotel on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. The hotel accommodation was modern and comfortable, the in-room dining was an excellent quality, the gym facilities were equally so and likewise the breakfast in the main dining area. You have a choice with this hotel. If like me you are not bothered about eating out in central London and you are prepared to spend 40mins on the Tube to get to the hotel then this must be your choice. Full value for money and I will be staying there again (next week actually).	
May 29 2009 	Stay away from this "so called" 4 Star Hotel	This must be the worst 4 Star Hotel in the UK. This Hotel is run on so short staff, that there is only one person at the reception to check in 7 people arriving at the same time and you have to queue up for 20 minutes until served. I tried to call and they never pick up the phone. The management is absolutely unfriendly and incompetent. The food and the room are ok but not excellent. Room service appears only after I chased them twice. All in all not worth 139 Pound per night, Some Holiday Inns can do that better for half of the price.	
May 25 2009 	Great Hotel - a bit far out of town - but would def stay again	The hotel was superb. Very modern. Great service from the reception staff.It was ideally suited to underground users - with a tube station across the road.We got a taxi from Mayfair back to the hotel one night at a cost of about £50 so would not recommend for people who like to use taxis. But this was our only niggle (not a complaint) about the hotel overall.We would definitely stay again and recommend to friends. Great value at around £70 per night &amp; parking was very realsonable (for London) at £20 per day.	
May 3 2009	Crowne Plaza Hotel Ealing London	We have stayed her frequently over the past 8 yrs and had some good experiences and some bad! Stayed again this May Bank Holiday weekend and was pleasantly surprised to find, even standard room, spacious, clean and comfortable. The restaurant is much improved in ambience but the service was slow although only 15 people eating in total on Friday evening. Manager took our drinks order quickly but then stood and chatted to other staff,meanwhile we had been given nice olice roll by waitress but had to eat it dry as drinks were so long in coming. Meals also were slow to arrive and portions not plentiful and any extras like creamed mash, £3.95 for very small portion. We were horrified to find cheese board cost £9.30 and only had 5 cracker biscuits, 3 small cheese wedges and about 6 grapes. No butter for crackers...There are other restaurants near at hand so may be worth while going there if you want a larger size meal. Car parking is much improved with barrier and parking permit with token needed for barrier on exit. Check in staff not always having English as first language can be a problem. We asked not to have a wake up call, but had 2 at 7.30 on each day when we did not have to be up at that time. Complained at check out but were shown that girl who had done our check in had put us down for call at 7.30 each day...However we were impressed with staff friendliness etx and have booked for a stay again in July. We had tried to book a 25% offer of money off the room price but could not get Crowne Plaza to accept this offer although in writing in magazine. Keep persevering if you have problems with this.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good sized rooms but very expensive internet access	For a London hotel and considering the rates charged at weekends, good sized rooms, and quite good value. It is extremely close to Hanger Lane tube station on the West Ruislip branch of the Central Line with frequent trains taking just less than 30 minutes to Oxford Circus - not quite as convenient as a truly central london location but manageable. This is fortunate as Hanger Lane doesn't seem to have much in the way of entertainment itself. My only real complaint is the extortionate price of internet access (£1.20 a minute or £20 for 24 hours). Oh and they did forget to deliver the newspaper to my room and checkout seemed a bit cumbersome but otherwise pretty good and I would be happy to stay here again.	
Feb 16 2009 	One more glowing review	There is not much more to say than this hotel deserves a round of applause. For a city 4 star it has really pulled out the stops to provide those little extras that made a stay more comfortable.We arrived at 10.00 am and were immediately checked into our room. Paying £10 for parking was excellent value and we were allowed to stay until 5 pm the following day. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Rooms have iron and board, fridge, kettle and good size mugs. Ice buckets can be filled from the distributor on the landing. Very comfortable bed, plenty of fluffy towels. We were located at the back of the hotel and it was wonderfully quiet. The whole hotel is attractively presented in a comfortable contemporary way. Our only slight dissappointment was the evening meal which was a little bland and possibly slightly overpriced. We paid £50 for the room and if I stayed again I would deffinately take the breakfast included for £65 option. It's £15 each if not pre-ordered. Access to the tube could'nt be easier and just 3 stops from the new Westfield Shopping Centre as Shepherd's Bush. Brilliant, we will be back.	
Jan 22 2009 	Faultless	Best value for money ( I did stay at the weekend on £65 b&amp;b for two per night ). Rooms , service , breakfast , bar , location , helpfulness and effeciency of staff all excellent.I was only slightly frustrated once at breakfast time. The staff seemed a little disorganised trying to reset tables, and the buffet had temporarily run out of a number of items of food . This was eventually resolved with good humour on all sides and the food is very well prepared and delicious.I fully intend to stay again at this hotel at the earliest oppurtunity. They have my highest reccomendation	
Nov 21 2008 	Refurbishment Transformation	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Ealing 18 times between March and August 2008 whilst my employer was relocating an office, and watched the hotel transform into a very solid 4* property.Rooms were absolutely spotless and very well designed. Standard rooms have shower/bath combination and old-style (surprisingly) TV, plus tea/coffee/mineral water. Executive rooms have a larger bathroom to provide a separate shower &amp; bath, but this reduces the size of the bedroom. Other exec differences include flat screen TV, orange juice in the fridge and access to club lounge (which had the smallest selection of snacks I've ever seen!). Worst point was internet cost £20 if you used for more than a few minutes.The basement restaurant and bar had excellent food (breakfast probably the best I've had in the UK) at fairly reasonable prices. The staff in both the restaurant/bar and reception were very friendly and helpful.In terms of location, the hotel was within walking distance of the office so ideal for me, but the general surroundings are not good. However, its proximity to the Central Line made an evening out in central London only 20 minutes away. Will definitely return on a leisure trip at some stage - a cost-effective way of having a weekend in London.	
Nov 18 2008 	Good Value	Spent weekend in London at the Crown Plaza Ealing. Very good updating done. Modern comfortable rooms and public areas. Very high standard in the furnishings. Bar is very nice and the restaurant is good. Best part about this hotel is that it is directly across the street from the Hanger Lane Tube stop on the Central Line in zone three. A short trip the the City. A few local restuarants within walking distance. Weekend rates were 60 pounds VAT included. They booked a car for transport to Heathrow and it worked like a charm--only took 35 minutes to the airport. Reception staff was friendly and helpful	
Sep 21 2008 	Brand new and it shows	There isn't much to pick out about the Crowne Plaza Ealing.It's been well refurbished and is spotlessly clean - the fixtures and fittings are of a high standard, and the rooms are comfortable. The staff I encountered were all friendly and polite also.One thing I will praise is the proper office/desk chair - perfectly chosen unlike a lot of hotels I've stayed in - which meant you could sit in it and do some work!The down points were it's isolation - there really isn't all that much to do locally. You do, however have the tube station virtually next door which gives some options.One small niggle - during refurbishments, could they not afford ice-machines for the 2nd and 4th floor? Seems pointless only having them on two floors!All in all - a flawless, if bland (in a chain hotel sort of way) experience. Certainly not the worst hotel stay I've ever had!	
Sep 21 2008 	Excellent Refurbishment	I needed to be in Central London early Sunday Morning but as it was a Bank Holiday weekend the UK rail system had decided to shutdown so I could not get in before 11am without a 2 hour delay on a 1 hour journey. I looked at the HI site for a cheap hotel and the best value was the CP Ealing which I had staid at before for 1 night so I knew it was right next door to the tube and only 30 mins from central london. I was hoping to take advantage of a day in central london but did not feel 100% so checked in at 2.30 for a break. The room was excellent (upgraded as PC platinum) - no view from the room but this is ealing not central london. Nice size, sofa and a bed so comfortable I had a good 4 hours sleep and felt much better for a few hours out in the evening. Only had b/fast in the restaurant but this was very good with exteremely friendly staff.This is not a cental london hotel - dont stay here if you want to wake up to see Tower Bridge. However, if you want luxury on a budget and are prepared for a 20/30 min tube journey to the sites then would reccomend with out hesitation.	
Sep 20 2008	great place to stay in london	the hotel has been refurbished and the rooms are very quiet and fresh and spacious. the staff are all friendly and efficient and the gym is tops. we did b&amp;b and the full english breakfast was excellent and well prepared by the brilliant chef &quot;ali&quot; who was always ready to help and would serve us right to the table! we could tell that the team was a happy one and ably led by the very personable &quot;pedro&quot; who was friendly and humerous and very attentive to detail. my wife and i would definately return to the crowne if given the opportunity. well done crowne plaza, ealing.yours faithfully, john booth. weston-super-mare	
Sep 4 2008 	Crowne Plaza Review	Very good hotel with excellent and helpful staff. The refurbishment has improved it drastically and the staff are obviously enjoying working in their new environment as they couldn't do enough for you.Nice restaurant and bar in the basement - only negative would be that there isn't really anything decent nearby so you are forced into eating at the hotel which isn't a bad thing!! but just in case you wanted to try anything different to the usual hotel food.Would definately stay again.	
Jun 26 2008 	Looking promising when renovations done	Changed to here after a bad stay at the Ramada Ealing. This was a much better experience! They are at the tail end of a huge renovation project, but if you ignore the ongoing work you can see it's going to be lovely. The rooms are very swish (I've only stayed in the renovated ones). A good size and designed well. The windows don't open but the air conditioning unit works well and is unobstrusive. Lovely bathrooms. Good hairdryer. Robe and slippers. The restaurant has been modernised well and the food is good, although a little limited for the evening. The room service menu is very limited, but it mentions you can have the restaurant food as well, but no menu in the room. Gym well equipped and incredibly quiet at the moment - I'm sure that will change though once the refurb is complete.	
Jun 8 2008 	Pricey but delivered good value - handy(ish) for Wembley	Stayed here for the Foo Fighters concert at Wembley, as I'd left it too late to book cheaper/closer accommodation, so the overall cost (£120) was more than I'd been looking to pay. That said, it was easy to find, we arrived early and were booked without fuss into an alternative room as our wasn't ready.Not reeking character, but then that's not what you expect of a Holiday Inn; they're making a great job of the refurbishments, and our room felt luxurious and spacious. Everything was extremely clean, bed/bedding was sumptuous, and of the standard you might expect of a 'boutique' hotel. Staff (including the builders!) were friendly/efficient and helpful, advising us on the most practical way to get to Wembley (not taxi - take a number 83 bus, as bus lanes are faster at high demand times). After the concert, 86,000 people flooded out in all directions and the roads were closed, buses diverted. After faffing around waiting in a bus queue for 10 minutes we made a strategic decision to start walking and were back at the hotel in 25 minutes (mind you, we did yomp!). We weren't passed by any buses and felt that this had been a good decision.Breakfast was equally great! If only I'd been able to eat more - the spirit was willing but the flesh was weak.....It looks as if there's some kind of health club/spa going in, so it couild be worth taking your kit. Refurbishements are, according to notices in the hotel, due to be finished by the end of June.	
Jun 8 2008	Refurbished and looking cute!	Hotel is currently undergoing a multi million pound refurb, which will give it Crown Plaza status. I think the rooms had only been refurbed last month and they are very impressive - all shiney and new. Decor is modern and gleams! Staff were friendly and helpful, and breakfast was lovely, plentiful and hot, especially in the newly decorated restaurant which is quite impressive for a Holiday Inn!!!There was quite a bit of building work still going on at the hotel, and although we only stayed one night, we weren't interrupted by the work going on, but if you stayed longer there it might have got on your nerves. My only grumble were dirty glasses for the orange juice at breakfast...	
Mar 28 2008	Nice renovations	I stayed in this hotel for a business trip recently, and whilst I stay away often, I dont usually feel compelled to write a review. However the room that I stayed in - only renovated the previous week apparrently - was far above the normal standard of a Holiday Inn room, the furnishings and fittings are all high quality and fitted beautifully. Lovely neutral colours with a HUGE comfortable bed., granite top in the bathroom, etcMake sure you request a refurbed room as a colleague of mine had the older style and it was a bit shabby.I ordered room service in the evening and a bit pricey but well cooked and tasty so I'll assume that the restaurant is worth a visit in the evening as well. I did have breakfast there the next day and again, just having been redecorated to a very high standard, the restaurant space is very nice, all black, brown and crisp white tableware - very modern.My only complaint through my stay was the car park - nowhere near adequate for a hotel of this size or class (after renovations), and while I did appreciate the hotel staff advising that nothing of any perceived interest should be left in the car, it didnt make me feel too safe walking from the car to the hotel after dark, and they charge extra (£6.95 per day) for this. Would I stay here again? Definitely	
Mar 9 2008 	Fine for a business trip - no problems at all	The hotel has a good location just off Hangar Lane. I was staying on business - bedroom was nice and clean as well as being quiet. The bar was busy and was fine for bar snacks and a quick drink before heading back to work. Overall I would stay again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Nice Renovations	Stayed last night in a renovated room. Very impressed by the renovation, it felt like an exec room or one in a Crowne Plaza rather than a standard HI room.Staff were good, I forgot wash kit but they provided me with toothbrush and even delivered a comb to my room in the morning!!Very handy for tube and the Central Line, definately stay again although I think the rates will be £100+ when the renovations are complete....	
Oct 5 2007	To Far to Central London	I picked this hotel for two reasons: 1) is was cheap 2) I travelled with two other friends and we wanted to stay in the same room, which in most hotels is a problems and here they had rooms for three.The hotel itself is OK, nothing stunning but as most people don't spend to much time in their rooms you don't mind the green walls so much. The problem we had it took about 40 minutes to the central of London on the tube, so you really just want to leave in the morning and come back in the evening, otherwise you spend to much time travelling...The staff wasn't very friendly, but rooms were clean. Next time I visit London I'll go for something closer to the centre.	
Oct 4 2007 	Looking Tired	Stayed for one night. charged £150 for room only, £13 for breakfast, and £7 to park car. The decor was looking very tired, and the rooms walllpaper was peeling off. The taps in the wash basin were not fitted to the sink. The remote control for the TV was missing which took a long time to replaced as the staff do not comprehend english speaking guests very well. The carpet in my room had some dubious looking stains on it. I could not recieve the Wi-Fi internet access signal as it was too weak, and the internet cable connection would not work. On the good side the TV channel selection was good, and theunderground is directly outside the door.	
Jul 9 2007 	Don't take your car....	We stayed here as it was close to Wembley and we were attending the Concert for Diana, and are also Priority Club members.It was about 45/60 mins walk to Wembley, it's a direct bus route but as the traffic was horrendous the buses couldn't get through. Also on event days they change the bus routes, but it's quite complicated to work out, and even the locals were confused. As a result people were waiting hours for a bus back in the evening!Worst though was being woken up by reception at 6.30am to be told my car had been broken into. They had called the police, and offered to clear all the glass out of my car - however I had to call several times to ensure this actually happened, even after they told me it had been done. Another car was also broken into on the same night.They did offer us a free late checkout while we tried to arrange for glass repair, but then tried to charge for the parking when we checked out!Overall, not a good experience.	
Jul 4 2007 	Very Poor	I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the last few years and each time I stay it gets worse.This time on checking, the person checking me in really could not be bothered. My questions were answered with a snap and at no point was I made to feel welcome. Indeed after giving me my room key, he had left the front desk even before I had turned around.So onto dinner.The restraunt was freezing cold and felt bare and unwelcoming. The menu was limited and expensive.My steak when it arrived was undercooked and full of gristle however there were no staff to be seen for me to complain to.The room was tired and tatty and that dripping tap did my head in all night (I rang receiption twice but nobody answered the phone)So this hotel is now off my list of places to stay when in this part of the world. There are much better hotels in the area.	
Apr 27 2007 	Good value friendly 	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on the London Marathon weekend. We booked on a bed &amp; breakfast plus dinner on the first night deal for £129.00 total. We were given a choice of dining on either night, but we already had plans for our second night.The staff were very friendly, helpful and attentive throughout.Our room was of a reasonable size, very clean, and had adequate storage space. All the furnishings were modern and in good repair &amp; the bed very comfortable. A hairdrier, room safe, trouser press and basic toiletries were provided.Breakfast was full English, but nothing to make it special. Dinner was Table d'hote with 4 choices at each of the 3 courses, pleasant enough, but the service was a bit slow, especially as we were the only people in the restaurant. At breakfast it was much quicker, despite most of the tables being filled. Drinks were twice the price of the average bar.The hotel was very close to the underground station (district line), handy for a quick trip into Central London.All-in-all a good stay.	
Apr 3 2007 	Very convenient location - recommended.	This hotel is ideal if you're coming into London on the (M40/A40) as it's just off the main road (quiet in the rooms though due to triple glazing). It's also ideal for parking the car (£6.95 per day) and then getting the tube (Hangar Lane) into central London (£7.40 for zone 1-3 all day ticket).The room itself was fine - clean with good quality bedding/towels. Spacious bathroom.The bar was on a lower level and seemed ok for a couple of pints, had a large screen tv with Sky Sports. They also served bar food and there was a restaurant located there too. Breakfast was ok, about £15.00 and children under 16 stay and eat free.I would say this was probably a 3* hotel but we were quite comfortable and would be happy to return. Reception staff were courteous too. The rates are good at approx £70.00 per room per night (sleeps 2 adults and 2 children). No problems at all.	
Feb 25 2007	"Dinner Experience" Good Value	This Hotel is situated conveniently just a few minutes walk from Hanger Lane Tube Station which takes you straight into London West End on the Central Line in about 25 minutes without changing. We booked a &quot;Dinner Experience&quot; 2 night stay through the Hotel website what seemed extremely good value at £64.50 per night for London and included a 3 course dinner on one night and english breakfast. Kids under 11 eat free. The dinner in the Sunflower Restaurant was a rather bland affair. Its rather souless in the lower ground floor and lacks atmosphere. There was a choice at dinner but this was rather limited and I would rate the meal as average but it filled the &quot;gap&quot; so to speak. The buffet breakfast was reasonable and offered a choice of fresh fruit and some continental dishes. The restaurant staff are rather attentative but lacked the personal touch.Parts of the hotel is looking dated and could do with a refurbishment now. The Lobby and Reception staff are decent and helpful during our stay. Our room was clean , a decent size and adequately equipped comprising of 1 small double and single bed, quite comfortable. Tea and coffee making facility was a welcome addition. Other plus points are the low cost carpark charge at £6.95 per day but offset by the extortionate internet access charge at £5 per hour. Take note that Ibis Hotels offer free internet access. Lifts did not work properly and one was out of order, so all in all, I would rate this hotel as average just making it into a three star hotel category. Also, there not much in terms of pubs and restaurants nearby and the roads outside the hotel seems to be extremely busy with traffic even on weekends and evenings.For the price I paid, you really can't go wrong.	
Jan 8 2007 	Not bad at all	We stayed here for one night because we were going to Wembley Arena. The hotel is 2mins away from a bus-stop which takes you straight there in about 20mins (Bus stop A, number 83). The rate was £73 with breakfast. The room was clean and a reasonable size. All the staff were pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was good, and there was a quite a wide variety of choice, although the hot buffet could have been a little hotter. All round, I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 15 2005 	Good enough	Good sized-room, a bit pricey, but what in London isn't, staff were very friendly and helpful - when there was a problem with the phone, someone came up, checked it, moved me immediately and carried all my stuff to the new room. I'd stay again if I were on business in the locale.	
Oct 4 2004	Not real luxury but...	Stayed here a couple of times.Not exactly real luxury but if you book in advance on the net (Advance Purchase) saves you lots of money.Very handy hotel for central London and for driving into London.Cleanliness is average both times I was there but you can't complain for the money you pay.Nearest tube - Hanger Lane (2 mins)	
Jul 7 2004	Really nice!	A really nice hotel not far from the city centre. Only stayed one night, but really clean and spacious room. The train is right opposite the hotel. Nice bar and restaurant in hotel (Sunflower). If you call a cab from the hotel, get the price before you get in. They will rip you off. Overall a nice modern hotel. And a wicked shower, huge bathroom!	
Jul 26 2009 	Rénovation de qualité !		
Apr 5 2009	Sauberes neu renoviertes Hotel im Großraum London		
Aug 22 2008 	?????		
