Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful stay in outskirts of London!	My husband and I stayed at Odessa Wharf for a week as we toured London and surrounding areas. Apartment was clean, spacious, and had everything we needed. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. Would recommend to anyone!	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing views fab value for money friendly staff and clean accommodation.	I started searching for accommodation for this years holiday two and a half months ago. I think I must have looked at every hotel/hostel/apartment etc! Finally 2 weeks before we were due to arrive in London, I found Odessa Wharf on www.holidaylets.co.uk. The staff were friendly, warm, welcoming, and great with the kids too! The outside of the building is very unassuming, but the internal finish and specification of the flats is superb. There were no two bed flats available, so we were offered a trundle/put me up bed for one of the kids, which we gladly accepted. There was ample space for the five us, my partner and myself and three kids aged 14, 10, and 8. The beds were clean and comfortable, the bathroom was nicely decorated with large fluffy towels, the kitchen had a high-tech oven/hob, fridge and dishwasher. They also supplied Fairy washing up liquid, sponges etc and washing tablets for the dishwasher. The kids decided that they would have been just as happy staying in the flat than going out sightseeing in London, the view was THAT good! The Thames Clipper Water taxi stops at Greenland Dock which is about a 5-10 min walk, depending on length of leg ;D That cost about £17.00 for all of us and took 30 mins to arrive at the London Eye but would recommend for a quite site seeing tour of the Thames. The kids have already asked if they can stay in Flat 12 next time we come. We have all definitely fallen in love with Odessa Wharf and look forward to making many more happy memories there and with the lovely staff!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great For Families Traveling in London	Odessa Wharf is located away from Central London where it is crowded and very busy. We were 2 families traveling together and needed a place large enough to accommodate all of us at a reasonable price. Odessa Wharf provided fully equipped kitchen units with large living areas and bedrooms. We reserved 2 two-bedroom units. One unit was an apartment style unit all on one floor and the other unit was a townhouse style with two levels.  The townhouse style unit required climbing a spiral staircase. This might not be good for people who have problems with stairs. On the ground floor, there was the kitchen, one bathroom and bedroom. On the second level, there was a living room with a murphy bed, a second bedroom and a bathroom. There was a small viewing area overlooking the Thames River which was accessible by another spiral staircase from the living room. The airflow from the townhouse seemed better than in the one-level apartment. Although Odessa Wharf has wireless internet available, certain units did not seem to get any signal. The office did allow us to use their computer.Odessa Wharf is a 20-minute walk to the Underground station (Canada Water). We managed the walk with children as young as 7 years old. There is also a bus stop 2 blocks away from the apartment that can take you to the station. The buses come frequently.There is a large supermarket (Tesco) in Surrey Quays Mall, which is a 15-minute walk. Again, the buses can take you there if you prefer not to walk.We found Odessa Wharf a great place to stay. It allowed us to have meals at home and have a spacious place to stay. Maja at the reception desk was very accommodating to our needs and we would definitely come back to Odessa Wharf.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Location	We recently stayed at Odessa Wharf in London. The accomodations are located right on the Thames River about a 15 minute walk from the water taxi. It takes about 20-30 minutes to get to drop off point to visit the major attractions in London. Many are within a 15-30 minute walk of the pier. The management at Odessa Wharf were very helpful.We found using the buses in London to be confusing also while we were there the tube was out of service for 48 hours due to a strike. I would highly recommend Odessa Wharf and the Thames Clipper water taxi service to those of you who are new to London.	
Apr 30 2009 	Perfect	Others have already written about how perfect Odessa Wharf is. So, I'll just try to add value to the reviews below:A first added value to Odessa Wharf is that you have 3 pubs (all child-friendly) within walking distance, 2 take-aways (great Indian, and one Chinese we didn't have the time to try out) and a grocery (with a great patronesse who has everything on sale you might need for a short break) just one minute away and open late (not to mention the 24/7 Tesco also within appr. 15 minutes walking distance). Besides this, the tube is also just a mere 15 minutes walking distance away (there is a bus too that will take you there in 5 minutes). Overall: Great location - we really enjoyed the waves of the Thames just below our balcony - acoustically it was like the seaside.	
Oct 12 2008 	A special corner of London	My husband and I booked a week's stay at Odessa Wharf through RCI. The location is not in the center of the city, but there just aren't that many RCI locations in London. In the end, in many ways, we greatly enjoyed being in a quieter, more residential part of the city. We would definitely recommend Odessa Wharf, perhaps not for everybody, and we would definitely go back again.Odessa Wharf is located in the Docklands section of London, specifically in what used to be the Surrey Docks. When the docks, after the advent of container shipping meant that the port moved down the river to Tilbury, most of the docks were eventually filled in and new housing and shopping was built. Odessa Wharf is one of the genuinely older buildings that predates the new construction. It sits perpindicular to the river, with all the doors to the units debouching on a bricked walkway that leads from the street down to the river. We stayed in one of the one-bedroom units that looks directly out on the Thames. At high tide, in the evening, we could hear the river splashing against the seawall at the bottom of the building.The unit was scrupulously clean but was, I think, starting to show a little bit of age. The sofa and chair covers looked a little worn and pilled, and some of the coffee mugs were chipped. They weren't enough to detract from our experience.Because the Surrey Quays tube stop is closed for construction, the closest stop is Canada Water, about a mile away. It's a pleasant walk along the Greenland Dock to the station, or you can take the buses that run frequently from a stop a short walk from Odessa Wharf. We also enjoyed taking the Thames Clipper from the Greenland Dock, which is also a short walk. The reception office door of Odessa Wharf looks out on the beer garden/rear entrance of the Ship and Whale, a pub that dates from the 1850s. The food there was excellent, and the bar tender delightful. We also ate dinner at three places at the Surrey Quays shopping center, largely because it was right there when we got of the tube after a day of sightseeing. Mange Tout, the sandwich shop in the mall's food court, was very good. Orleans House, a full-service restaurant in the mall parking area, was only so-so. Frankie and Benny's, also in the mall parking area, was predictable Italian, but the food was good and well-priced and the service was excellent. There's also a Pizza Hut and a Burger King at Surrey Quays and, shortly before we arrived in England, they proudly opened a Starbucks. Surrey Quays also has a huge Tesco, where we bought breakfast supplies.Some of the information we received from RCI when we booked our room was incorrect. Odessa Wharf does have phones and hair dryers in the units (RCI said it didn't). All in all, we got to be very fond of walking home to Odessa Wharf along the Greenland Dock every night and were sorry to go home. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who feels that they have to be in the absolute center of things or who doesn't like to do a bit of walking, but I would recommend it highly to anyone else.	
Sep 16 2008 	Incredible will never stay anywhere else in London! Fabulous	Stayed at the Odessa Wharf with my husband and another couple and really could not have been happier. We arrived really early (much earlier than was initially thought) and were welcomed by the owner of the pub next door with coffee, he called Dolores for the keys and 20 minutes later....voilla!Dolores and Maya could not have been more helpful, looking things up online for us and ordering cabs, above and beyond what would normally be expected!We stayed in apartment 1, Normandy. Wow....what can I say, it was like staying in a very up-market friends apartment, the attention to detail was great with ornaments, plants and candles all helping to make for a very welcoming feel, all four of us have travelled extensively around the globe and were delighted and surprised by this 'find'. Would highly recomment this place to anyone....really.The roof terrace which all apartments have access to was the icing on the cake for us, incredible river views at night....absolutely breathtaking.We used the water taxi most of the time from Greenland Pier, it stops at the interesting and tourist parts of London and the journey there and back gives you a different view of this great city, well worth the 4 pounds.If you are staying here, make a point of eating at the pub next door, they are very friendly and welcoming and what I would consider a 'real' pub, not a corporate chain, the food was of a very good standard and inexpensive.	
Jun 25 2008 	Enjoyable Stay at the Odessa	Our family of three stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment No. 13 at the Odessa Wharf on June 6/08.I had emailed Maya saying that we would arrive early. She made sure our unit was ready upon arrival. Dolores and Maya were very friendly and accomodating.The resort was a bit out of the way from central London, so we had to take the bus everyday to the Canada Water Station and then into central London. We took a short cut to the bus stop along Greenland Dock and along the little path to Ship&amp; Whale Pub. We bought an Oyster travel card on the first day, which saved us quite a bit on the bus/train fares.In our unit, I liked the heated towel rack in the bathroom, thereby saving on washing the towels and just letting them dry for the week. We walked for 15 mins to the local Tesco Supermarketfor our grocery, and had breakfast before heading into Londoneach day. My son, liked waking up each morning to the waves of the Thames River. We could watch the boats passing along the Thames River and it was a nice, relaxing scenery.Piggylyew, Markham, Canada	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Place......with Family	The apartment itself was wonderful for the family. We were visiting our daughter from California for a week while she was on break. From the location we were able to use it as a base camp for all of excursions. There were a total of five people staying and we had more than enough room for all of us. We also had time to put in several runs around the docklands area and the Thames River trail which runs right by there. We would definitely book againg if travelling to London. The trip to the tube stop at Canada Water was very quick on the bus and only a short 15 minute walk. It might be a little difficult if you are not used to walking. Shopping at Tesco was the best way to go for staples.The staff was exceptional and friendly.	
Apr 25 2008 	Brilliant break at Odessa	Just returned from a 3 night stay at Odessa Wharf (faimily of 6, including 4 adult children). The apartment was lovely - we stayed in a 2 bed apartment (no.6, and it is exactly as shown on the website) - it was very spacious, clean and stylish. We had 2 double bedrooms and a double pull down bed in the lounge, 2 bathrooms (one with a shower cubicle, the other with bath with overhead shower). The apartments are situated in a quiet area, a pleasant 25 minute walk to Canada Water tube station (local buses are available within a shorter walking distance), and the tube trains to London were very frequent and took 20 minutes to get to central London. Staying outside London is a plus as you don't have to worry about driving/parking in London and you can leave your car at the apartment. There is a pub (Ship &amp; Whale) next to the apartments which serves very good food. There is a shopping centre/supermaket/cinema/tenpin bowling/restuarant within 15 minutes walk of the apartments. The reception staff are very friendly and helpful. Staying there was a very pleasant experience. The accommodation provided good value for money and was more spacious for a family compared to hotel rooms. I would definately recommend Odessa Wharf.	
Aug 22 2007 	Loved the place	After reading the reviews from 2004-06 and speaking to Maya, the property manager, I booked for a week stay at the Odessa Wharf Aug3-10. Rates for RCI member was 170 GBP/night...steep but worth the money. My wife and I were travelling with our 4 daughters (3 teens and a 9 year old). The Odessa was a bit out of the way (1/2 hr to get to Central London) but the family decided it was better this way since the apartment is in a quiet part of the docklands. Like another reviewer, we found the tranquility a respite after a busy day of sight-seeing and shopping.WHAT WE LIKED1. Clean, spacious, minimalist but comfortable2. Enough nooks and crannies for teens to hide away to enjoy &quot;me&quot; time3. Full kitchen saved us $$$ in meals. Kids loved their satay, lamb kebab, seafood pasta, crepe, pancakes and were hungry every 2 hours.4. Satellite TV in evenings5. Close to nice paths/walks WHAT WE'D LIKE TO SEE IMPROVE1. Laundry machine and dryer made available2. Internet in the apartments3. Telephone in the apartment4. Blender in the kitchen5. Shuttle service re-instated (even though we enjoyed all the walking in London and we lost 2 kg each).From past reviews, the Odessa Wharf must have been a 5* place to stay. It is still very good but needs some refurbishing as wardrobe and furniture are falling apart. Google odessawharf to view the property. especially good is the 360 deg view. We stayed at Apt 5 and the reality is exactly like the photos. We would stay there again.Dolores, the other manager, was also very friendly and helpful. She let me use one of the desk in the office to connect and catch up on email (work) and to purchase online some bargain buys (Prince concert tickets at O2, Arsenal tour tickets for family). She even printed the online tickets for me.Thanks Dolores and Maya for making our stay memorable.	
Dec 27 2006	recomended	The units are big, real &quot;flat&quot;-size! We stayed in 4 in the one bedroom and one night we had a little party with 8 more people! Well equiped kitchen if you plan to cook. Staff is very nice and helpful!.We're RCI members and definitly recomend this accomodation. The area is very calm and nice. A great upcoming neighborhood! 45 pounds minicab ride from Gatwick	
Jun 7 2005	Wonderful resort	We just got back from a five-night stay at Odessa Wharf. It is a truelywonderful resort. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Especially Davidwho went out of his way to help us and shuttle us to and from the tubestation/shopping centre. Karin was also very helpful and very patient withall of our questions. They have a wonderful welcome booklet, which Iwould recommend reading when you first get there. It tells you everything you need to know about the area. We stayed in the two bedroom townhouse which was just magnificant.Plenty of room for a family of five with two teenagers. Very comfortablebeds and even satillite TV. We would definitely stay here again as itis well worth the money.	
Aug 29 2004	Loved Odessa Wharf vacation rental	We stayed at this vacation rental at 7 Odessa Wharf and absolutly loved this place. Damien was the primary keeper of the place (not the owner) and deserves an A+++ for his attitude and service. They should be paying him a mint because he is the reason we loved this apartment so much. Being that I work in the service arena I tend to expect good service from others. I was not let down at my 4 day stay at this wonderful apartment. They supplied a shuttle to take you and pick you up from the metro at set times throughtout the morning and evening hours. The apartment had tasteful and minimilist decor and was outfitted with all the conveniences neccessary for a vacationer.Damien went above and beyond when it came to service and if we could have taken him home with us we would have. He really exemplifies great attitude and kindness in his every day actions! Highly recommend this place. I have only ONE complaint. The dryer took forever to dry...I left a suggestion that they replace this one flaw in an otherwise PERFECT vist.Rates are far better then a hotel if you have a family and want more then one bedroom! We were a party of 4 and saved a bundle and had plenty of lounge around room in this apartment with two bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and living/dining area with kitchen.The other workers were good but they paled in comparison to Damien. He really made this place memorable for all of us.	
Aug 5 2004	Wonderful accomodations	For 130 GBPs a night (special rate for RCI members), our two-bedroom accomodations were a steal for our 4-day stay. The staff arranged to pick up the six of us at the airport (less expensive than taking two taxis) and although we arrived 3 hours earlier than the normal check-in time, our unit was ready. I think my earlier email exchanges with Ms. Masters, the manager, really smoothed out a lot of details. Everyone was extremely helpful--giving advice on anything from jetlag to lost teenagers. The shuttle to the underground (30 mins. to 'downtown') was convenient...and on days we needed to leave earlier, we took the bus to the station (no more than a 5 minute wait). For 2 families with 3 teens, Odessa Wharf was a welcomed oasis after a full day of sightseeing and shows. The full kitchen was great for quick breakfasts and late-night dinners. Damien, our shuttle driver and front desk receptionist was gracious and genuinely interested in helping out any way he could. A wonderful experience overall.	
Jul 3 2004	Odessa 	Stayed at Odessa 3rd week of August 2003.Donna, Damian, and the rest of the staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful.Nice QUIET neighborhood right on the Thames.Lovely 15 minute walk along Greenland Dock to Canada Water tube stop and Surrey Quays shopping mall [with a Tesco Supermarket].Nice inexpensive breakfast available at the BHS store on the way to Canada Water. Interesting local history. Enough local pubs to keep us happy.Best stay we ever had in London. Worth the money.Only suggestion I could offer is upon making reservations they should provide you with a map showing the pleasant walking route from Canada Water, across the Surrey Quays shopping center, through the underpass and down along Greenland Dock to Finland St. and then the little path to the Ship &amp; Whale onto Odessa Wharf. It's easy to find if you know the way, but difficult to find if you don't!	
Apr 21 2004	A "MUST STAY"	We planned a trip to London on 4/2/04. We were pick up at the airport buy a shuttle that Odessa called for us. when we arrived the place was breathtaking. Perfect location. Right on the river. Apartment was modern and beautiful. Staff was more than helpful. The manger Donna was more than helpful. She took to my daughters and showed my 5 year old around the place. The water taxi is a 5 min walk and drops you off right at Westminster. There was a gentleman named Damien who worked the front desk and the shuttle. He went out of his way to see that we were taken care of. Thanks Odessa for making our trip AWESOME!!!!	
Mar 23 2004	Loved It	Incredible value and wonderful service. The apts were furnished beautifully and the service was top drawer. It was worth the commute into central London via the water taxi, tube or regular taxi, although somewhat expensive. The Ship and Whale pub was OK but the Ship York was great (the two closest pubs to the townhouse). The staff at the desk was pleasant and very helpful and Trina was very nice, (the last review stated Trina was the opposite). I just wished the Odessa was a little further into town but realized the cost would have been triple, so it was worth it in the end. All in all I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jan 17 2004	Lovely Apartments Poor Service	The Odessa Wharf consists of modern, clean, attractively decorated and furnished apartments including a completely equipped kitchen. Some apts have a view of the river Thames, others look out over the neighboring houses and condos. I'd rate the apartments themselves as 4 or 5 star quality.We (2 adults, 2 children) visited London over New Year's 2003/2004. Stayed for 5 nights. As the title of this review suggests, we really liked the apartments ---it was the kind of place you say &quot;wow!&quot; when you walk in the front door. And we found them to be a very good deal --US$160 per night through 180096hotel.com...a great deal considering the quality of the apartment and the fact that it is in Central London! If we had stayed at a hotel of comparable quality, we probably would have spent $300 or more per night. And we would have had less space, privacy, no kitchen, no laundry facilities...etc. And we would have felt much more like tourists. We liked the feeling of living in a (nice) neighborhood instead of a hotel.The condo is about a 15-20 minute walk from the Canada Water tube station...just a few stops to Central London on the new Jubilee line. That's how we travelled each day to get to the tourist sites. Never took more than 30-40 minutes no matter where or when we travelled (what a simply superb mass transit system!)So, for quality and location, the apts are well worth it.On the negative side...the &quot;service&quot; from the condo reception staff left much to be desired. On check-in, our flight from the US arrived early, so we arrived early at the apts (7am). We waited outside until &quot;Trina&quot; the morning receptionist arrived shortly after 8. Instead of welcoming us, she greeted us with an annoyed &quot;didn't they tell you we open at 8?&quot;.on the final day we were supposed to have a late checkout; it had been approved by a very nice young man who was working at the reception desk the night before we left. We spent the morning in Trafalgar Square...but when we returned to checkout, our apt had already been cleaned, our private belongings gathered up and placed in plastic bags. Trina coldly informed us that the young man should not have granted us a late checkout and that the cleaners had to clean in the morning so they did!And then, at checkout, Trina accused us of losing some piece of the oven baking stone from the kitchen! This person should not be working in the hospitality industry!Also on the negative side, the supposed shuttle service to the tube station operated on an extremely limited schedule, and apparently they rely on residents to run the shuttle as a favor...one day the designated driver didn't feel well, so they cancelled the shuttle! Not fun to walk to the tube on a cold and rainy day.So...if you get a good deal on these condos, do go and stay there...enjoy London...and try not to let Trina ruin your day!	
