	Marvellous stay at the Baglioni	Excelent boutique hotel in the heart of London. Great location, wonderful staff &amp; service, very comfortable &amp; stylish rooms, superb cocktails!The Concierge was wonderful &amp; got me an impossible (large) table at Hakkassan for Saturday night!The complimentary Jaguar car service was great as well having driven my wife all over the place.Free high speed wireless &amp; full movie entertainment in room was greatThe spa is great too!Will be back for sure!	
Nov 16 2009 	If you like being treat like dirt...	I have stayed in some hotels in my time that are dirty, broken, busy, noisy and smelly but usually the staff are wonderfull.... however, here i have never been made to feel so humiliated. I booked this as a suprise for a friend and we stayed for 3 nights in august last year. We arrived late and yes quite scruffy from a day of travelling (obviously not the way you are clearly supposed to arrive at this sort of hotel). The man on reception looked at us in a way that said you dont belong and cruelly made a remark about my friends jumper looking like a dog...... He then asked for a card which i was confused about as i had reserved the room online with my card already. He then said that it had been declined - when i asked declined for what, as it was payment on departure, he said for extras!!! Apparently they block your card for 100.00 per night incase you have extras! I couldnt believe it. I was due to be paid on the friday the day before check out and didnt have enough money in my account to cover this. He was not helpful, rude and would not waive it. I had to get my friend to use her card to reserve which was awful as it was her suprise! The rude man then spoke to his assistant in another language to which they both started laughing and staring at us!Other than this the room and service was fine but we were highly embarrased everytime we passed the desk especially when the all starded talking and laughing in another language - (There was only one english girl on the desk who even seemed to be sympathetic).All in all i wouldnt stay again unless i had hundreds of pounds to spare in my bank!	
Nov 13 2009 	Gap between promise and delivery	Given its central location near High Street Kensington, its striking gold and black themed decor, the lively bar and truly great food at its restaurant and the fairly well appointed rooms the hotel certainly looks like it merits its luxury appellation.The Baglioni London is part of an Italian luxury hotel chain that &quot;aims to provide guests with a unique and unforgettable experience.&quot; However, in my case, the &quot;unique and unforgettable&quot; ends being not what the owners intended it to mean. The hotel's housekeeping staff appears ill equipped to handle the high traffic that was there during my visit and as a result the room (#210)was not cleaned till 5pm when I got back. The housekeeping supervisor claimed that he &quot;had to send away two of his girls as they were sick&quot; and therefore, could not get to my room. when I called to complain. He then offered to send someone right away which I declined having just come in after a long day of meetings around London. I then told him that my wife and I were going out for dinner at 7:30 pm and he promised to send some one after we left. After a short rest, at around 6pm we went down to the restaurant to get some coffee and upon our return 15 minutes later found the housekeeper cleaning our room! We had to wait for her to finish in order to change before leaving for dinner. For a hotel that charges well over $500 on most nights it represents really shoddy service.I wrote a note to the Front Office Manager, Kristin Burn explaining the above but thus far have not got a reply.Separately, the gym is really small with only one treadmill although there are a couple of other cardio items. Other (trivial) negatives: the cordless phone is way too complicated to figure out and the bedside phone is made of cheap plastic that tends to spin on the wooden nightstand.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel staff terrible spa experience	My fiance booked a spa 'day' for us both as a treat and surprise for me in August, on entering the hotel i was very happy as the lobby and restaurant area are beautiful..my hopes were maybe too high. The spa was unclean, smelt of urine in the shower area, staff were awful, my massage was THE WORST massage i have ever had and it left me with a problem shoulder for a few weeks afterwards. Having returned from this nightmare i felt i had to contact someone to let them know how awful it was...the first time i have ever complained regarding any service. I contacted the hotel manager and let him know how the experience went, he was so very lovely and seemed to really care about his hotel, the people who stay there and their experiences. He invited us to stay at the hotel again in October, which we did, and very much enjoyed. The room was beautiful, the bed was the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in, the staff couldn't do enough to help and the breakfast was lovely (although they forgot the pancakes, but its ok because i was being quite greedy). The only negatives were that there was a large crack in the mirror in the bathroom, the tv in the lounge area didn't work and we missed out on the cocktails in the bar, which looked amazing, as we had a salsa class to go to!!Other plus points - the tube is nearby, there is plenty of shopping just around the corner, a starbucks, many restaurants, lovely park opposite and if you are a tourist i would say this hotel would give you a real feel of the London you see in old films. To sum up.....don't bother with the spa....do bother with the hotel and please try a cocktail for me!	
Oct 2 2009 	Little Gem	I recently had lunch with a friend at the Brunello Restaurant in the lovely Baglioni Hotel. The food and ambiance were very relaxing. After lunch we both enjoyed spa treatments and again, very relaxing. We got to unwind in herbal baths followed by more champagne! After three hours of spa treatments we chilled out in their elegant cocktail bar. The handsome young man behind the bar whipped us up some great martinis and the concierge was incredibly helpful when we were leaving. What a wonderful day and a great experience, fabulous hotel in an ideal location.	
Sep 28 2009 	totally amazing !!!!!!!!!	my partner and I stayed here once before and had quite a nightmare due to unforeseen circumstances, the hotel offered us a free one nights stay as compensation so I decided to reserve my judgement until I had taken the free one nights stay. Well I am very glad I waited, we had originally booked a standard room and were upgraded to a Junior Suite, all I can say is amazing, there was a bottle of champagne on ice waiting for us and the most gorgeous chocolates (which I broke my diet for). The room was very spacious with a walk in wardrobe and a huge bathroom suite, the bed was very comfortable, our only issue was the pillows, the two on the bed were very soft and there was only one spare pillow which was rock hard. I suppose I could have called down for more pillows but the champagne had left me a bit tipsy ! The staff could not do enough for us and were very pleasant and very helpful. I will definitely be returning to the hotel and I would definitely highly recommend to anyone wishing to stay in a central location.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great facility staff doesn't match its style	As it says on the tin, Italian luxurious style, contemporary and sleek, refreshing contrast to the majority of London's 5 star hotels that focus on heavy English style. We spent a week-end and had a superior room, size just about right, very cosy and cool. It was my wife 40th, the hotel kindly offered a complimentary turndown on the arrival evening plus a delicious birthday cake. Didn't use the Brunello rest., the bar, however, is very chic and full of creative cocktails. Spa was a disappointment, staff kind but not really experienced, boring massages without the excitment of any of the Eastern techniques. Would definitely return to the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	One of the best hotel experience	Spent four nights at the Baglioni hotel. We have received a warm welcome and the front office staff was so kind that we decided to pay extra money for a suite they offered, even if my girlfriend was not sure about it. But the service we received was top class and when we entered the room....WOW! She is still thanking me for the money well spent! You have a butler at disposal and the concierge was absolutely helpful reccomending all the best spots (and offering a free car ride with driver to Harrods.....a Jaguar car...again...WOW). After a long day in the city we decided to have a massage in the spa. Fantastic! Staff is very polite and make you feel really at home. We had dinner at the restaurant since we had an early departure the following day. Delicious food (italian, of course), impeccable service and a cool ambience. Definitely our hotel in London!	
Sep 2 2009 	Treated as a king next to kensington Palace	First time in london from my native Spain, but I have to say, does not matter in how many other hotels I have stay in the past, nothing is quite an experience as this place!!decor is awesome, staff is so caring that makes you feel at home from the first step..., got an amazing suite as upgrade and manage to see some celebreties on the restaurant which was an added ++.My fav. place ever!!	
Jun 15 2009 	5* tragedy	Dont waste your time and money. Poor service. Rude receptionist (Kristin)God knows where is the General Manager.Night team disaster. No body know what they have to do. Called reception and they answer after 10 times rang. I assumed they all sleeping. Floors stink. Food terrible. Absolutely 5* disaster	
May 19 2009 	Excellent quiet and welcoming exactly what is needed after long flight	We received excellent service during our stay at this hotel in May this year. The staff made our stay (with 3 small children) very enjoyable and assisted greatly with our recovery from a very long plane trip from Australia. The quiet and excellently run hotel was exactly what we needed in those first days in London. The restaurant service was superb and I greatly appreciated the care and attention given to our young children. The reception and concierge staff (Phil and Bill?) were also extremely helpful and we appreciated their good advice and suggestions. The rooms we were given backed onto the courtyard and were quiet and well appointed. The location of the hotel is fantastic - right opposite Kensington gardens and a short walk to the tube station. We would stay with this hotel in the future and would recommend it to anyone traveling to London.	
May 1 2009 	a stylish place for a romantic weekends	we was only 1 night here. It's pleasure. We had a romantic dinner in &quot;Brunello&quot; restaurant. We liked it! Very stylish atmosphere there...many young stylish people mostly from Italy:) It's the best place who likes jogging and walking because the hotel located opposite Hyde Park.Some &quot;-&quot;: not comfortable bad - it's expanding constantly :( there's often hard traffic... a problem to take a taxi...	
Mar 31 2009 	Difficult to leave the room	3 night stay over Remembrance Day weekend (watched many parades &amp; ceremonies on the fab plasma TV) . Got upgraded to spacious posh room , very cool trendy decor. Almost could not get out of bed one day, it was so comfy, but the in-room espresso maker helped a lot. Quiet, but good location walking distance to tube and parks, nice restaurants nearby. Concierge was extremely helpful. We were sad to depart.	
Jan 10 2009 	London at its finest	From the moment you enter the hotel, you are subject to a five-star experience. The brick façade is deceiving as the décor itself is extremely modern with an Italian flair. Black ebony wood floors, subdued lighting, and striking gold accents are an exquisite combination. My junior suite was fantastic! I was actually excited about returning to my room. Soft spotlights are displayed throughout, while A fireplace and oversized chairs offer a further degree of comfort. Blue lights and a plethora of mirrors define the bathroom. Members of Baglioni staff are amazing and consistently aim to please. No request was disregarded or too small! The hotel is in a great location, opposite Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. I cannot speak to the presence/proximity of Tube stations, as I took cabs the entire time…but I felt that it was definitely central to several key sights. Phil is the most incredible concierge I have ever encountered. His recommendations were perfect, which made the London experience one of my most memorable. I look forward to my next weekend at the Baglioni!	
Jan 1 2009	In my opinion a RIP OFF	Don't waist your money here. There is far better in London for that price. Service is below zero. Polyeaster duvet, dirty walls. A real 5 stars disaster. Stay away. Paid 100 pounds for an average meal. Waiters with attitude .... why?	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Experience	The Baglioni Hotel was a great Hotel! It was very clean and the staff was very accomidating. It is directly across from Kensington Palace and there are shops and restaurants down the street from the hotel A tour company's bus picks up right down from the hotel. And it is within walking distance of the British Natural History Museum. The only problem that the hotel had and they said they are correcting is that they don't have wi-fi in the rooms only in the lobby and it is spotty. But overall a great hotel and only a short cab ride from the action.	
Dec 4 2008 	Dark and Opulent	I went to this hotel with my fiancee after reading the reviews on Travelocity. The reviews were very helpful. Here is my personal experience, which was neither terrible but neither was it worth repeating.Baglione is well-located for people who like to walk alot and be near a big park surrounded by very expensive homes. We did and were awed by the beauty and wealth in this part of London. I was not so keen on the fact that the opulent decor was so dark as was our room. It felt a bit like being in a dark bar - making it feel not very cozy and difficult to settle in with a good book because the lighting was so poor. That being said, it was otherwise just fine in terms of the accommodation. We were comfortable and the added touch of the espresso machine, the bidet and the wood floors was nice. I just found it all a bit dark. In terms of the service, the doormen were all over us when we entered as well as when we left. Whether that is a good thing depends on your personality, I think. I don't think we will be going back to the Baglioni. I will try to find a brighter, more cheerful place for next time.	
Dec 2 2008 	fantastic hotel	Spent one night at the Baglioni Hotel London for a night without kids, it served the purpose well.From the outside the hotel doesn't stand out from the surrounding buildings but as soon as the door is opened and you walk into the opulently decorated reception area you know your somewhere special. From start to finish the staff could not do enough, they were always on hand for our every request.We were lucky as we were upgraded to a junior suite - Thank You. It had a good sized bedroom with a large bed, lounge area a similar size to the bedroom, and bathroom of a central corridor. The decor is very dark which seems to be the 'fashion' at the mo, if you like bright and airy this hotel is not for you.Unfortunately the hotel restaurant didn't quite live up to the rest of the hotel. It is not a separate room it is off the hotel reception and hotel bar. We had a table booked for 8pm and it was not available until 8.50pm. We were told as we'd had to wait for our table we'd have a glass of champagne waiting when we sat down, this did not appear until I asked for it at the end of the meal. Parts of dishes on the menu were not available, both the main courses we ordered had parts of the meal missing. Staff did not seem to know what they were doing. The Restaurant manager was really flustered as he realised there were problems. Though I have to add the food we had was very good. We did not try breakfast so can't comment.Would I stay here again - Yes, but I would not eat in the restaurant.	
Nov 16 2008 	Stylish; authentic Italian	We spent just one Saturday night in the Baglioni opposite Kensington Gardens and were not disappointed. I chose this hotel as a treat for my wife as we love Italy and most things Italian. The décor is just as you see it in the photos – tasteful &amp; more simplistic than the classic baroque you might normally associate with Italian hotel design. It’s all very sophisticated, so long as you like the almost-over-the-top mix of gold, grey, mulberry and very dark wood.The service we enjoyed was almost perfect from start to finish, but lacked warmth; we found the staff to be very helpful but discreet. They would provide any assistance on request, but didn’t always take the initiative.We’d booked a deluxe room and although we arrived around noon, well before published check-in time, we were given a room and were even upgraded to a junior suite. We also asked for and were allowed a late check-out. The phrase “there’s no harm in asking” is alive and well at the Baglioni!We particularly wanted to be near to the V &amp; A museum and the location is ideal. We also walked to Knightsbridge though Kensington gardens, which took about 20 minutes, where there are some goods cafés and of course ‘Harvey Nicks’. In the evening we ate in the hotel restaurant. The meal was OK but not wonderful; the Scallop Risotto was poor value – only 2 scallops – but my Wild Boar Pappardelle was excellent. Several good wines by the glass too. Again, service was good but not exemplary. But wait – it gets better!When we returned to our room we found the room strewn with rose petals, several burning scented candles and a red rose on the bed. A lovely touch.Plusses? Modern Italian ‘boutique’ feel and décor, more personal than the large modern chain hotels, quiet, sophisticated, stylish and well located for the museum district and the Albert Hall.Minuses? Misleading brochure (yes, the terrace does overlook the park but there’s a 4-lane road in-between!). The buffet breakfast was adequate but not extensive.	
Nov 9 2008 	Perfect Cappuccino	The hotel is expensive but well worth it. We enjoyed our stay in London. The staff was always available and there was nothing we can say was not up to the standard. The food was excellent. The rooms are a tad small, but compensated by being able to make the best Cappuccino on earth right in your room.	
Sep 19 2008 	Brilliiant service lovely suite!	I stayed here in May 2008 for 1 night and absolutely loved the experience. From start to finish of the stay, the staff were amazing, not at all snobby and incredibly helpful. Once we'd checked in, we realised we'd been upgraded to a Junior Suite overlooking Hyde Park. 1/2 an hour later, there was a knock on the door and we were given a birthday cake (i'd told them on booking!). The Junior suite was really spacious, really high standard of decor and the bed was very comfortable. Internet was free which was really refreshing compared to usual London hotels. My husband was over the moon with an espresso maker in the room - what a great touch! no need to order from room service or have some yucky instant stuff from a packet....We stayed in for breakfast in the morning - partly to enjoy the fantastic suite, and partly because i was 6 weeks pregnant and woke up to the beginnings of horrendous morning sickness....yuck. This was good by hotel breakfast standards and delivered on time. Didn't get time to try the restaurant/fitness facilities, but all in all would def return given the chance. Just be prepared for quite a long tube ride or walk if you're going to Covent Garden (as we were in the evening) as its not the most central....	
May 30 2008 	Intimate hotel with a personal touch.	I selected the Hotel Baglioni on the recommendation of AX Travel as it was my first trip to London. Safety was a priority as I went solo.I was very pleased with the hotel and the staff.Positives: I was given a room when I arrived at 8:45 a.m. After a sleepless night flight, I was extremely grateful.The hotel is close to two tube stations which makes travel from the airport and around town a breeze, provided you can walk 6-8 minutes easily.The room was lovely. It had a seperate bedroom, bath and living area. A small refrigerator was provided that contained beverages for purchase but left enough room for me to chill a special bottle of wine I picked up down the street. Prices for the snacks and beverages were clearly set forth on a price list.My room rate included breakfast which was served promptly via room service at the requested time. The OJ was unbelievable.Unlimited internet &amp; blockbuster movies were also included in the room rate.The staff was attentive and caring, from the doormen to the front desk, bellman and room service. Complimentary umbrellas were offered when I departed.The concierge staff were personable and happy to provide directions and suggestions.The room was quiet.The neighborhood is extremely safe.Several restaurants are nearby. However, I often just grabbed quick bites at the Whole Foods restaurant down the street. The prices were reasonable and I was too busy touring to sit still for a lengthy meal.Maid service was invisible. They never disrupted my enjoyment of the room. They always cleaned while I was out.Nightly turndown service was cheerfully offered.Upon my departure, I was given a complimentary lift to the tube station in the hotel's brand spanking new Maserati. The staff is multicultral - I met British, Italian and French employees. All treated me with kindness and respect even though I don't have a Rockerfeller budget.Negatives (minor but annoying):The maid removed glassware present in the room but did not replace it.There was a slow leak from a towel warmer in the bathroom that the maid must have seen but was never repaired.The shower enclosure didn't completely shut which permitted some moisture to fall on the floor during a shower.All of these could be easily repaired with proper reporting by the chambermaid.However, I want to emphasize that the chambermaids did a fabulous job of cleaning the rooms and tidying up. Many thanks to the hotel and its fabulous staff for making my first visit to London unforgettable.	
May 19 2008 	Good small boutique hotel	Baglioni is a small boutique hotel. Here is a summary of pro and cons:Location: if you like the park (and are lucky with London weather) then its great. Otherwise the next cafe or Boots (pharmacy) is a bit of walk. Subways are relatively far too.Room: hip but pleasant deco with black and gold. Size not bad. New and clean. No view... Service: a good 4 star hotel service but not yet 5 star hotel service. Example they bring restaurant menu to your room for room service if you ask. But housekeeper left an open bottle in the room from previous guest.. Restaurant: one good Italian restaurant/bar. Small but nice. For breakfast they don't start early. I wanted a coffee at 6:45 am before hitting the road and got a bad look from the waitress who was setting up the tables...To sum up my stay was pleasant but unlikely I will choose this hotel again as the location is not that convenient and the service didn't really impress me that much to overcome the cons.	
Mar 19 2008	Wow!! - but room charges misleading!!	Just back from an amzing stay at the Baglioni Hotel. I decided to suprise my girlfriend with a trip to London for her Birthday. I chose this hotel from previous reviews and I was not dissapointed. Our driver had a bit of a problem finding the hotel as it has no big flashy signs or anything on the front facade, instead just a nice discreet entrance which is nice for such a hotel.Check -in is very friendly and efficient. If you need anything done or need any advice on where to go the concierge is very good. The rooms are really nice and the beds are so comfortable. You recieve all the usual amenties for a 5 star hotel like bathrobe, slippers, etc.. and in the evenings they have a turndown service and light candles in the bathroom. Didn't bother having breakfast in the hotel, instead we headed down the street to a really nice cafe called Giraffe which serve breakfast until 12pm which suited us perfectly. If you want to go shopping, a 2 minute walk will bring you onto High street Kensington where you have all the major shops like Zara, Topshop, Miss Sixty, starbucks etc.. so a great location. If your looking for some peace and quiet, Hyde park is right accross the road.The only downside to our stay was on checkout. The receptionist informed me that minibar had been used and i knew that i did not touch it. I was then told that 2 water were used. I told them that we had used the water on out bedside lockers thinking it was complimentary but I was informed that it is complimentary on the first night but not on the second!! For a 5 star hotel, this in my opinion was bad form. So i agreed to pay for it as I didnt want to cause any problems as it was only a couple of pounds. I find this very misleading as there was no signs in the room to suggest that bedside water is regarded as minibar.Apart from this i would 100 % consider staying here again, simply an amazing hotel! Hope this helps!	
Mar 17 2008 	Very nice	Stayed there for one night for our wedding anniversary over the weekend. I had told them it was my anniversary when I booked (about 2 months ago) and on check in they upgraded us to a junior suite at no extra cost. Room itself was OK, not huge and a bit dark. Bathroom is a bit small for a 5 star hotel and no separate shower. Very attentive staff. Great cocktail bar (pretty expensive). We ate outside the hotel and came back to.....our room was full of lit candles, they had put chocolates in the room and covered the room and bed with rose petals. This was a total surprise to us (purely cause they knew it was our anniversary) and ranks as one of the most extraordinary things a hotel has done for me. I think that is exceptional service. Hotel is in a great location opposite Hyde Park. Breakfast buffet was pretty mediocre for a 5 star hotel but after the rose/candle surprise, I would forgive them that. Another minor irritation was that there were a huge number of light switches and we could not turn off one of the lights at night (eventually having to resort to removing our room key so none of the lights worked), though it may have been a case of too much wine over dinner.	
Feb 12 2008 	hip and trendy	Hotel interior is just lovely. I received an upgrade to park view suite. Everything was at place and the butler service gave me the perfect taste of luxury. Concierge got all the reservations what I needed. I was impressed! The reception was helpful. Actually there was not a bad thing to remember.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great	This boutique hotel is a gem. We loved everything about it. The decor is stunning - hip and edgy, yet cozy. The service was impeccable and the concierge catered to our every whim and desire, procuring for us last minute reservations for &quot;impossible-to-get-into&quot; restaurants and tickets to sold-out plays (viva the black market). The location is great, right by Hyde Park Gate, walking distance to Notting Hill (although it is a 10-15 min cab ride to the touristy part of town, and if that's the point of the visit then it may not be the most practical choice). The only &quot;complaint&quot; I have to about the hotel is the overpriced spa, where they charge U$60 for polish change (not even a full manicure, just a polish change). I found that to be a little expensive.In summary, our stay was superb. I would strongly recommend the Baglioni Hotel to a friend, and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Simply Amazing!	Simply amazing! I work for a Hotel company so stays like this are so useful. I was amazed by the hotel and the staff. Definitley wihout doubt the best hotel I have ever been to, and with my job I have been to many! The room we had was a Suite and was just the best! So much so, that I did not want to leave the room! The decor was beautiful just what I liked and I really felt special whilst at the hotel due to the amazing staff. Had to call maintenance to check out the tv as for some reason we could not get a picture, within 5 minutes there was someone there! Not any fault of the hotel with the tv problem, the plug had just come out the back!! Had amazing cocktails in the bar! Rather steep, but the best cocktail I have ever had, must try Espresso and Passion fruit martini! Ummmm! Had the best nights sleep ever in the bed! It was so comfy and I seriously did not want to get up in the morning! My own bed is just not the same now!! Breakfast was very, very good. Really tasty!!! We were made to feel so specail whilst at the hotel. If you want an amazing Hotel, fabby staff, and just all round excellence or, for a real treat, you MUST go here! SIMPLY FABULOUS!	
Jan 24 2008 	Always Cool	The Baglioni is a very cool place to stay. My company has an office nearby and stay here at least four times a year. Its a boutique type place and not great for business travelers which is fine by me. The bar is filled with beautiful people and the wine and food in the restaurant are top notch.The staff always remember me and are great at getting cabs and carrying packages. Sometimes I get a park view room which is a bonus.Everyone wears black and its nice and dark. You can feel like a rock star if you are into that (I am).Not too prices (for London). All in all a great place to stay--highly recommended!	
Nov 13 2007 	Super service	My husband and I stayed at the Baglioni last month and I was quite impressed with the hotel. We had mentioned during the reservation process, that it was our anniversary. While checking in they upgraded us to a much larger room, by London standards I would say it was enormous. It had a large bathroom with two basins, a walk-in closet, and a seating area with a couch.The staff were always attentive, waiting right at the curb to open taxi doors and carry shopping bags into the hotel. The bar was charming. And because it's a small hotel, the lobby has an intimate feel to it.The location is great with the park right there in front of you and Knightsbridge just a quick ride away.Overall, I was very pleased with the Baglioni.	
Nov 3 2007 	excellent throughout!	Just checked out a yesterday from the Baglioni Hotel and have to say my family and i have had a great stay! from the very start we were made to feel super welcomed, nothing was ever too much trouble from pre booking theatre, dinners, sending us around town with their complimenary maserati car. the hotel has a conteporary feel but not exagerated very elegant and comfortable, but the real asset is the staff, there is a warm and caring feel, there is a happy mood around... we will definetly be back	
Oct 25 2007 	Not a 5-Star Experience - Beware!	The Baglioni disappointed us with daily mishaps that should never have happened had the hotel been a true 5-star. First, the car that was prearranged by the hotel to collect us at Heathrow was 1 1/2 hours late with no acknowledgement, apologies, or offer to credit our bill. I had to raise the issue myself with the concierge on the 4th day of our stay. Secondly, the hotel dresses its king sized beds with 2 flat, foam-filled pillows. It took us one hour and three phone calls to the concierge to get extra feather pillows on the first night. Thirdly, the restaurant has problems too. The wine list is inaccurate: we ordered an Italian wine, 2003 vintage but a 2005 was presented to us at the table. The sommelier took no responsibility for this faux pas and instead made excuses. If we hadn't noticed the mistake we would have been duped. Also in the restaurant a pasta dish with cepes mushrooms had so much sand in it it was inedible. We were billed for it nonetheless.	
Oct 14 2007 	Lived like royalty!	The Baglioni is both opulent and contemporary. It's an Italian hotel, which brings a new twist to the modern decor - many things are gilded or dark and masculine, but not in an old-world way. I was greeted by very attentive door person and front desk staff, who offered to upgrade me. Of course I accepted and was shown to my junior suite (room 115), where he walked me through the layout and features. The living room had a couch, set of chairs, coffee table, complimentary espresso machine, flat screen TV, desk with free Internet, and a plate of strawberries, truffles and meringues that were to die for delicious. The bedroom had slippers waiting for me beside the king sized bed, another flat screen tv and many lighting options. The bathroom had a full sized tub and excellent lighting and mirrors. There was plenty of closet space for clothes and tucking away your suitcase.The location is a short walk from the Kensington High Street tube station, which puts you in a good location for shopping and sight seeing. The Baglioni made this weekend in London truly memorable.	
Oct 9 2007	Loathed the Baglioni	This hotel is a tribute to style over substance in that so many things have been done for appearance rather than functionality. It has so many design defects it is almost impossible to list all of them. Leaving aside the theatrical decor (not to my taste) the following were not in my view the hallmarks of a 5 star property: -the rooms are dark and badly lit wth the dark stained timber that fails to reflect what little light there is;-there is no bedside clock;-only two towels are provided in the bathroom;-the only towel rail is located on the floor and is not high enough up to hand a towel (although it is heated)-the bath has only a half glass shower partition (prepare to have the rest of the room soaked) and the bath is slippery and higly dangerous;-there are only two pillows provided on the bed (too bad if you both want to read)-the desk chair at the desk is too low to effectively use a computer at the desk;the room keys are electronic but stop working if they meet either a credit card or a mobile phone (who does not carry either of these in their pocket) so be prepared to go back to the front desk if you want to get into your room;- shades of a 2 star motel the room key has to be inserted into a socket in the room for the power to operate;- when it rained the hotel had no umberellas for guest use.These may seem like small issues but not when you claim to be 5 star and are charging 5 star pirces it is simply not good enough.	
Jun 24 2007 	Posh Highclass in Excellent Location - Baglioni Hotel London	I am currently at the Baglioni Hotel now in Kensington. It's a great hotel and the location can't be beat! It is directly in front of the Kensington Gardens. Ask for a room with a view. I got one and it really is perfect. I have been staying in more boutique hotels lately as I'm building a hotel and seeing various models and ideas.The staff and service are extremely professional and the concierge is excellent. The hotel is not too big. I think it has 65 rooms or so. It's a member of the Small Leading Hotels of the world. The rooms (at least the one I had) was very good sized. I booked a Junior suite. I booked on Expedia. The room had a spacious king size bed. If you are a coffee drinker they have nice cappuchino machines in the room. The owner of the hotel is an Italian company. The bar was very good and always packed. The service was first rate as well. The restaurant was great but pricey. I'm not sure how they do it here in the UK. Everything is so expensive with the weak US dollar. I've been to London several times but I've never spent this much. The Sterling is 2:1 with the dollar so everything is much more expensive then the last time I was here.Make no mistake, the hotel is expensive and a room will set you back over u$s 600 per night. The junior suite was significantly more than that. Pricey but stylish and chic. The closest Metro stop is the Kensington High Street station. I always like staying in this area and I had a business meeting very close to the hotel. I love walking around London as I find it's one of the most architectually beautiful city in the world. It's nice with the park right in front of the hotel and Holland Park and Knotting Hill are within easy walking distance as well. I hadn't planned on staying in London. I am on my way to Budapest for holiday but when some clients found out I was coming to Europe wanted to set up a meeting so I booked 3 nights here and I'm glad I did. London is a wonderful city it's just so expensive.One of the best things about it doesn't cost any money. My favorite thing is just walking around and admiring the buildings and the history of the city. Walking in Harrods and having a dessert at the Food court area. It was totally packed! A one day metro pass is about u$s 10 with the conversion and is the cheapest way of getting around. (Although this weekend the Circle and District lines (green and yellow) have been closed down for maintenance. Also, it's been sprinkling rain all weekend which is a bit of a bummer but there have been glimpses of some sun. I recommend this hotel if you aren't on any kind of budget. Great service, staff and location!	
Jun 20 2007 	Lots of Style Little Substance	AMEX PTS booking for our honeymoon, received complimentary upgrade to &quot;Executive Suite&quot; from &quot;Deluxe Suite&quot;...no difference except for view vs. no view. The reception staff is pleasant and efficient, although they denied my request for a further upgrade to a better suite. They did not even give me the option to pay for a nicer suite. I don't know why people are so infatuated with this place. It's nice, but nowhere near worth US$740 a night. I would rather pay $1000 a night for the much better Four Seasons. I will format my review like the last one, because I think he did a good job:Pros:1. Lots of style: cool textures and materials2. Fireplace in the room3. Quite spacious for London standards4. Very high tech - FREE INTERNET!5. Excellent location6. Small size makes it quiet7. Free chauffer driven Maserati within 1 mile radiusCons:1. Our room only had 1 TV (unlike the 2 that are promised)2. Our closet was NOT walk in (as promised)3. Absolutely no special recognition or treatment for honeymoon4. Butler disappeared for the entire stay...didn't even help us unpack!5. Fireplace didn't work6. Furniture is impractical - lots of protruding sharp edges at shin level7. Staff friendliness is hit and miss8. 1 Mile radius for Maserati doesn't take you to anything worthwhile9. Value: $16 + tip for a 750ML bottle of water delivered to your room; $50 continental breakfast; $1.40 a minute for local calls10. Most of the staff are immigrants from Eastern Bloc countries, and speak limited English11. Lunch took 2 hours...extremely slow restaurant service12. They ask you what paper you want in the morning, then charge you $4 for it.	
Jun 6 2007 	Good	Just returned from a nice stay at the Baglioni.First the pro´s:Reservation was very good. Beautiful room, view as requestedThe room was spotless! Very nice turn-down serviceExcellent restaurantGood locationThe con´s:The &quot;elite-services&quot; is not workingThe fire-place did not work for whole 3 nights inspite of noticeNever saw any butlerComplimentary &quot;pay-per-view&quot; did not work for the last nightThe spa is not goodOverpriced - especially the breakfastHowever, the cons are minor, the pros are what really counted which is why I give it 4*	
Jun 1 2007 	Great stay Fanstastic Location	The Baglioni is what the W strives to be. It is classy, contemporary and very personal at the same time. What a hotel. First, I booked through the American Express PTS FHR program. I had notified them of a very late arrival. When I arrived, the lobby staff was ready and all I needed to do was sign for my room key. No problems. My room was ready and candles were burning in it and chocolates were on a side table in my suite. I was upgraded from a &quot;room&quot; to a suite and it was amazing. A bedroom, a living room, and a huge bathroom with candles around the bathtub and next to the bed. There were two smaller LCD TV's, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. A huge walk in closet. An espresso machine on the mini bar. Every day a bottle of complimentary sparkling and still water were placed in my room. A fruit tray was provided on day one and the very nice housekeeping staff made up the room twice a day and turned the bed down and lit candles every night. The hotel is located VERY conveniently off of Hyde Park. I loved the hotel and will return. The Hotel bar is open and inviting and after a long flight and not feeling tired, it is the perfect place to get a few drinks and enjoy a meal. There are no beers on tap, but there are several Italian beers available by bottle and the wine list appeared extensive. Here are my points of friction in the name of impartiality. The restaurant on the ground floor is very good, but the wait staff is marginal at best. They continually forgot things I had ordered. For example. They come and ask if you would like a glass of wine or a beer and then never deliver it. This happened on three occasions. Also the Parking is charged by the hour and not by the day. This would not have been a problem had I been told ahead of time. It is very expensive, I ended up paying over 30 GBP for the short day I had my car garaged.I had never heard of the Baglioni before FHR recommended them, and I will return definitely with future travel through London. I wish that I could get a few W staff's from the US visit the Baglioni and see what they are working to. I have enjoyed a few W stays, but the Baglioni is at another level of service and product.	
May 26 2007 	Just fabulous	Evrything about the Baglioni Hotel was simply perfect. from the moment we arrived we were made to feel really welcomed. we were introduced to our personal butler that escorted us to our room and then brought us some refreshments while we were settling in. the room was beautiful, very stylish and slick. in the evening we went to the bar for an aperitif before having dinner. the place was buzzing and indeed it seemed a destination for the londoners to meet and have drinks. there were lots of beautiful people around. dinner was superb, food excellent, the whole evening was just wonderful. the following evening we went back to the bar before going out as we really loved it the day before and to our surprise the barman approached us remembering our names and asked if we wanted the drinks we had the day before (which he remembered naturally)... How they do it i don't know! the concierge aswell were simply fantastic they gave us suggestions for a night on the town and have to say they were spot on. we whent to 3 different places, there were lines and all but we were put on guest lists and were just wisked in... they do have the right connections.we really enjoyed our time there, staff where superb and extreemely friendly and definetly we will be back. we are extreemely happy to have found such a beautiful jem.	
May 14 2007 	An amazing stay in London	Baglioni is definitely an amazing choice if you like the careful Italian touch. Every single detail has been considered, including a real Espresso machine in-room with Illy coffee pods. From the minute you check in everyone calls you by name and they know your room number. It might sound simple but in my view it shows the personal attention and it counts for me. The lobby lounge is an excellent meeting point for serious business. Book well in advance as the number of rooms is really limited.	
Apr 23 2007 	Just a perfect location and great service	The service at this hotel is exceptional. We had arrived early and the rooms were not available and of course they had placed our luggage in a secure area. When we came back from a short walk (11am), we went to eat breakfast and the clerk at the front desk came to us and advised that our rooms were ready and that they will bring our luggage up to our room while we were eating. The rooms are beautiful and great views of the Kensington Gardens. I had the chance to see 3 types of rooms and they were all beautifully appointed. The concierge was just wonderful. We wanted to go on a tour of Jack the Ripper but all group tours were sold out during the time we were going to be their. We asked the concierge for some assistance and within 20 minutes he found a tour that would be available for us that same night and it was a private tour. The rate and the service provided were incredible, great rate and great tour. This hotel is wonderful.	
Apr 17 2007 	great boutique hotel	Great hotel, Italian style as if you can't guess by the name it's an Italian chain. It's a 5star hotel with all wood floors whcih I feared would affect noise levels but didn't. Espresso machines in the rooms which is a nice touch. Excellent service. Quiet Kensington area location, you can see across to kensington Palace through Hyde Park from the hotel.	
Mar 25 2007 	Simply Perfect	The Baglioni saved our trip to London. After having to check out of the Landmark hotel early due to extremely poor conditions we arranged to check in the Baglioni Hotel for the remaining of our stay. Having stayed at many of the best hotels around America, the Baglioni turned out to be one of the best. The location of the Baglioni was great, right by Kensington Palace and right across from the park - shopping is just a short walk down the street as well. Our suites were very modern and spacious, each layed out differently. They included every luxury imaginable. Two large plasma screen TV's, expresso maker, Bang and Olufsen telephones, large walk in closet, large bathroom (with double sinks), free movies and internet access, and everything else you can possibly imagine. The rooms were extremely clean (they even put a seal over your toilet once its cleaned) and very quiet (even with our windows open). The service in the hotel was exceptional, from the Brunello restaurant downstairs to the Butler you can access at any hour of the day to do your laundry or get you room service. The bar downstairs is beautiful, it was very popular and lively every night of our stay. They served great drinks and the service was perfect every night we spent there. All of our family loved the Baglioni, and it is surely one of the finest hotels that we have stayed at.	
Feb 26 2007 	Exceptional hotel...	Wonderful...rooms are great bed a bit too softbathroom are great but the water spills out of the bath, the sink are too small to wash hands without touching the borderBreakfast is awesome.Boutique 60, the ight club inside the hotel is top of the line, very trendy and always packed. (hotel a bit noisy on saturday night is you are an early sleeper )Brunello restaurant is a true italien restaurant (no pizza, a very high end italian restaurant...)the maseratti with the driver is a great plus. The location is terrific. be sure to have a room with view otherwise you'll probably be facing a wall.the tv are a bit small but who stays in a hotel room while in London!!!!overall it is an amazing hotel and the few downsides I wrote are really really minor I will definitly go back there.	
Feb 21 2007 	Absolutely lovely new fave place to stay in London	This place isn't cheap, in fact it's expensive, but this is London and this is one of the few places I've been that you really do get what you pay for. We've been in rooms the size of a postage stamp before and paid these prices.The whole place reeks of style. From the understated beautiful georgian building outside, to the gorgeous black and gold glamour of the inside. The service is exceptional, i didn't even need to drag my shopping bags in myself, they were swiftly whisked away and appeared as if by magic in our room a little later on. The bar is a wonderful place to sit, drink and watch the world go by. So often hotel bars are souless places. Not here. It was packed with people and atmosphere. And I think someone has already mentioned the mojitos (yum) and I can also vouch for the champagne cocktails!!!!And our room - lovely. We got upgraded (woo hoo) and ended up in a suite. We didn't stay long enough to spend time in our sitting room, we had more TVs than two people needed on a one night stay, a HUGE comfy bed, robes, a walk in wardrobe, super huge soft towels, a very well stocked mini bar, coffee machine, grapes and chocolates in the room.. i could go on. Great location, we managed a super shopping hike to Harvey Nicks, then down Brompton Road to Fulham Road, then all the way up Kings Road, although by the time we got back to Harvey Nicks we nipped in a taxi back to the hotel. If you like to shop, this is a great location, and it's not so bad if you're more of a culture vulture. The Albert Hall is a spit away and the Park on a sunny February Day is just stunning.Breakfast is a help yourself affair, but great quality none the less. For the price it would be nice to have the cooked breakfast cooked to order rather than out of one of those hot plate things... but it was still pretty good, and you have the added advantage of being able to go back for more!One small minor thing, the shower. For a place like this you'd expect a great power or deluge shower. Nope here you get a real English effort - takes you half an hour to get wet and another half an hour to wash the soap off. Never mind though, it was a great place to spend an hour in the shower.	
Dec 25 2006 	Loved the Baglioni...Great Location	This hotel had a lot to offer. The location was wonderful. You could just step out of the hotel and immediately become immersed in the beauty that is London. The room that my wife and I stayed in was gorgeous. It had a nice sitting area and a very comfortable sleeping area. A sidenote...The mojitos at the hotel bar are great.	
Nov 28 2006 	Romantic Weekend at the Baglioni	As my husband and I are both very busy bees we like to get away once and a while. And so, as he had organised a meeting at the Baglioni, I decided to come over to London so we could spend the weekend here. And we must both admit that after having stayed in so many luxurious hotels before, this was definitely different. We got an upgrade to a suite and the decoration was absolutely beautiful, very warm with lots of black and gold ... even the black bathroom was amazing, loved those copper washbasins and the large shower. We will be rebuilding our house next year and got lots of new ideas! Coffee lovers like us are extra spoiled: Illy espresso machine in the room! Breakfast could eventually be more elaborate but the excellent and very friendly service makes it all up. And after being spoiled at the Baglioni, we were truly shocked when we were told by the concierge of Browns Hotel - where we went for a drink in the bar - to walk down the street to Piccadilly to pick up a taxi ourselves. In the rain. When you then get home at the Baglioni and they open the taxi door with umbrella for you: this is home! Thank you so much and we will be back!	
Sep 25 2006 	Baglioni Blissful!	In July this year we decided to take a trip over to the Motor Show in London and after checking out hotels on TA we cancelled our original booking and selected the Baglioni based on good reviews, we were not disappointed. On arrival we requested an upgrade and received a deluxe junior suite, if I have that title correct. The room was large, dark and richly coloured in a luxurious pillow swathed fashion, v. boutique hotel with blacks, bronzes and purples. The foyer / downstairs area was all open plan, again with huge black dripping chandeliers and always plenty of staff available and willing.Although, besides breakfast, we chose not to eat in the hotel the breakfast was reasonable. The below ground night club was a treat and in our rooms there was a letter inviting us for a freebie glass of champagne an offer that we duly took up and spent a memorable evening enjoying its hospitality. There was no sound or impact on the rest of the hotel from this establishment. The Albert Hall is literally a block or two away with the V &amp; A Museum within easy walking distance and round the corner from Kensington. All in all it was a truly enjoyable experience in a convenient and pleasant corner of London.	
Aug 15 2006 	Not all it could be..	If you read the reviews on Urbanpath.com they will sum up what I will write. Lots of attention at the door, but it's over kill and then who are you supposed to tip when 4 bellmen help out?? Fixtures in the bathroom were cheap and broke. (ie bathtub drain) There wasn't any space on the bathroom counter to set stuff down. Shower had 1/2 a glass door so water went everywhere. It was dark and dramatic decor, which we liked, but easily disguised dust. And only after we'd set a bag down and picked it up filthy or finally caught a cold from the heavy dust did we realize it. Room service was good and prompt, but expensive even for London. Rooms facing the park are NOT AN UPGRADE like they want to impress you with. When the nightclub gets out it's insane noisy anywhere from 2:30 to 4:30 am...There are much better places to stay for that price. They also were of no help in getting the rates they advertised. You had to do it via the website.	
Jul 7 2006	above and beyond	stayed at the Baglioni for three days after a Baltic cruise on the Crystal serenity. both my wife and I felt the service at the hotel is what the luxury cruise should have been. we stayed in a Jr suite which was more of a little apartment, with a bedroom, living room and bathroom down our private hall. the decor was ultra modern, which we love. as with all of London prices, the cost was outrageous, but if you can afford it, well worth the expense. the concierge help us on numerous times. one example of the service: we were going down the &quot;lift' with a bellboy, i realized we didn't bring the umbrella. I asked my wife it I should go back and get it. she said, naw, it's mostly sunny out. as we were waiting for them to hail us a taxi, the bell boy comes running out with a travel umbrella- just in case. we have stayed in some of the best hotels around the world, I would put this right among the top.	
Jul 4 2006	NIce weekend near Hyde Park	My girlfriend and I had a chance to stay at the Baglioni at the end of June. The hotel is directly across from Hyde park in a busy section of Kensington. We had a Junior suite facing the back of the buiding, we appreciated being off the main road but we had a view of a brick wall. The room itself was nicely appointed and comfortable, but the bathroom fixtures were cheap and in some cases in need of repair. The room has a separate bedroom and living suite, which was very nice as I tend to be an early riser and it is nice to be able to let your girlfriend sleep in., while I got some work done. We did hear a lot of noise from the other guest rooms, above us as well as across the hall, perhaps it is because the rooms all have wood floors. There were small flat screen televisions in each room, would have been nice if you could plug in your mp3 player so you could listen to music. I tried, but could not get past the hotel tv system.The hotel staff was very accomodating, friendly and helpful. Room Service was prompt if not a little pricey, but that seems to be the norm in the nicer hotels in LondonAll in all a nice hotel, I don't think we will return. as we have stayed in better hotels in London.	
Jun 26 2006 	Contential Class in London	I just finished a three-night stay at the Baglioni and had an excellent stay. I experienced none of the issues pointed out by other reviewers - perhaps the hotel management have seen these comments and made changes...I arrived by car and my bags were promptly picked up by the doorman, who wlecomed me to the hotel in a very friendly manner. The front desk staf (Chico) was very helpful and efficient in checking me in. He showed me to my room and made sure things were working as they should (no problems). He then made a quick exit.My butler was prompt in responding to my requests, and did not hand around waiting for tips as others have suggested. The doormen were friendly and always helpful. The restaurant was fabulous and a great place to enjoy the company of others. The gym is well equipped (and hardly used). All in all, it is the best hotel I've stayed at in London.For those who want to enjoy Italian hospitality in the heart of London, this is a great place to choose.	
Jun 5 2006	Great hotel but has flaws	The hotel is fantastically decorated but the staff were terrible.The doormen virtually fought among themselves to who were going to take our bags which we found strange until it became apparant when he dropped the bags in our room and waited 10 minutes ,while were we being shown around our room, tapping his foot and hoping for a tip. That meant he didn't get one. It became obvious that the staff were aware you had paid a lot for a room to stay here so they expected you to supplement their wages with tips.We were unecessarily 'shown around' our room by a butler. She showed us when our bed was (!), how to use the remote control, where the pencil and paper was etc etc. Very strange! I can understand that they were trying to make you feel special but it didn't come across that way. When I go to a hotel I want to be left alone unless I ask for something but I was constantly barraged everytime I left the hotel by doormen asking if I wanted a taxi. The hotel itself is amazing. Very luxurious and boutique. Incredible decor in the lobby, bar, restaurant and other public areas. The bedroom was great. We got upgraded to a higher category room which was nice. We had a seperate living room area with sofas and a desk area. I would definately recommend paying the extras for this especially if on business as you felt like you were in an Italian apartment rather than a hotel room.The outside patio bar was lovely. It was outside the hotel adjacent to the pavement, seperated by a wrought iron fence and gate. This was also guarded by a burly doorman who was checking his guestlist to anyone who entered. This made you feel quite 'celeb like'! That was until a group of unsavoury looking women circled the hotel approaching men leaving the hotel which lowered the tone a little. The hotel didn't condone this at all and the doorman looked extremely uncomfortable. We had a laugh about it but other people looked a little annoyed. Overall I would recommend the hotel as it was fantastically decorated and the location across from the park was amazing but the staff need training better.	
Apr 27 2006	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the Baglioni with my Mother for 4 nights in April. We had a suite with an adjoining double room. The rooms were both excellent. There was a single door leading to the main corridor, with a small hallway, with 2 doors leading from this hallway - We could therefore leave our own doors open, to create a large 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment while still having complete privacy.Plasma TV's with free internet, music and movies-on-demand makes it a pleasure to relax in the room after a hard day's sightseeing ! A small gym with brand-new equipment is available to all guests, with friendly Butler services the whole day. Bathrooms are excellent and spacious.Breakfast were served in the living-room area of the suite (for both of us) and it was very good, well prepared and more than enough.The location is great - Just cross the road to take a walk in the Park, or walk a few minutes down the road to get to a tube station, or take a taxi (which the ever friendly doormen are happy to get for you).Only 1 negative item during my entire stay - My room did not have a king size bed as advertised, but rather 2 beds pushed together and made-up as one. Even though this is common in London, it's not something I would expect from a hotel of this caliber.Overall we loved it and would go back in a heartbeat (If I can afford it - we got a deeply discounted rate as part of an easter promotion).Highly recommended.	
Apr 19 2006 	Very Italian very gracious	To sum it up - my traveling companion keeps telling folks he left his watch in Italy....room was lovely, staff is gracious, present but not overbearing, lovely room, linens, and concierge got us tickets last minute to everything we wanted.... Am returing soon....	
Nov 1 2005	Sheik hotel in a great location	This is a sheik hotel in a great location with fabulous staff. Stayed in this hotel for four nights and it couldn’t have been better. Service is attentive but discreet. The breakfasts were delicious and afternoon tea a must. The rooms are great, beds good and the whole hotel has a very modern designer feel about it. Butler service was there when needed.The location opposite Kensington Gardens gives the hotel a relaxed feel. What a good feeling it was to get up and go for a walk in the gardens then return for a sumptuous breakfast.	
Oct 6 2005	Very nice hotel	We stayed with another couple for their engagement and found the rooms quite comfortable but the lighting was a bit dull. The service was good, the food was excellent, the decor is very 'trendy', the location is excellent. The only complaint we had is that our room smelled of stale cigarette smoke and the restaurant is part of the bar with no non-smoking section so you are forced to inhale cigarette and cigar smoke while you eat. Other than that it was a really lovely hotel.	
Sep 16 2005 	A black and gold bordello - for the beautiful people	Spent three nights at the Baglioni (an Italian hotel) in September 2005. It is unknown by taxi drivers as yet, so you need to tell them it is opposite the entrance to Kensington Gardens on Kensington High Street (so very handy for a stroll to the Round Pond - we saw Camilla land at Kensington Palace in a small helicopter whilst we were there).The hotel is very trendy. The decor is mostly black and gold and bordello-like. The ground floor is the bar, lounge and breakfast room/coffee shop/restaurant all in one. There seemed to be plenty of staff around, mostly very helpful, but we did fall out badly with the bar staff one evening when they were simply incapable of providing any decent service, and we waited 20 minutes to be served while they ignored all requests.The basement contains meeting rooms and a private members' nightclub, which is separately accessed and was busy each night with trendy parties, consequently paparazzi hanging around outside on a regular basis. The rest-rooms are in the basement, but because they are also used by the nightclub they look in sore need of attention, and a lick of paint. The ladies was too dark to allow me to put my make up on in, and there are no shelves by the mirrors. All very inconvenient.The bedroom was very comfortable. Black wood floor, large bed with crisp cotton sheets, lit candles burning on the bedside tables and in the bathroom every night and a Francis Francis espresso coffee maker on the side, with fabulous Illy coffee provided.I just felt that the design tried so hard that it compromised convenience and comfort on more than one occasion.	
Jul 31 2005	the best hotel n london!	We stayed at the Baglioni for my fiance's 30th birthday in July and it simply is the BEST hotel in london! The decor, service, everything - impeccable! I have never posted a review before but i was compelled to do so after staying at the baglioni! Ths hotel is a MUST if you stay in London!	
Jul 12 2005	Great hotel!		
Apr 26 2005 	An enchanting relax		
Mar 9 2005	One of the best		
Mar 4 2005 	The best		
Feb 1 2005	A taste of Italy in the heart of London		
Oct 27 2004	Affordable Luxury without the Chinz		
Sep 29 2004	a five star experience		
Jul 12 2004	a perfect stay		
Jul 12 2004 	Just the best hotel in London		
May 23 2004	questionable style no substance (and very overpriced)		
Oct 18 2009 	Eccellente esperienza		
Jun 15 2009 	Bell'albergo cinque stelle a Kensington ma qualche difetto		
Aug 16 2008 	muy Baglioni		
May 22 2008 	ITALIAN STYLE		
Mar 31 2007	El diseño italiano en un pedacito de londres		
