Nov 2 2009 	inadequate	Great location, quiet, friendly staff BUT rooms are made for midgets, shower is a death trap, hot water very unreliable and there are no closets.	
Oct 27 2009 	Terrific neighborhood excellent connections to city and Wembley Stadium	We stayed here based on a recommendation in the forum. The setup: one adult, one seven year old, good connections to Wembley Stadium and to inner city required. The hotel met all those expectations quite well. It is in a lovely street in the immediate vicinity of Baker Street, although far enough down so as not to be noisy. The hotel itself is pleasant looking and had free coffee and tea available all day as one of those capsule-style coffee makers (a big money saver for me, since it helped me avoid going to the seemingly omnipresent Starbucks in the area!). The breakfast was also decent-- eggs, sausage, mushrooms, musli, yogurt, orange juice, fruit salad, baked beans, bread -- and plentiful. Our room struck me as fairly typical for London, that is, tidy but quite small, but then again we got a fair deal. (195 pounds for 2 nights, including breakfast). Two complaints: they advertise as offering WiFi, but it was neither free nor did it reach to our room. Second, the hot water in the shower took quite a while to get there. It certainly didn't run out thereafter, but I hate wasting the water. All in all a good experience, and certainly recommended for visitors to Wembley.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great place - great location	The Blandford Hotel was a perfect place to stay during our family trip to London. 4 people in one room that had 2 twin beds and one double bed was just right for us. Though a bit tight, the room was clean and bright - the bathroom was unexpectedly large. Included in the price of the room is breakfast which was perfect for starting off the day. The staff was friendly and helpful. We came very early the first day and though our room wasn't ready yet, they let us have free breakfast before we started our first day of sight-seeing. Great location, very close to buses, trains and major dining street. Would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel 	Great modern looking hotel, rooms are small but that's Europe! The restaurant in the hotel is phenomenal! The location is great, everything is around the area, even a supermarket....I walked at night alone and never felt unsafe. The rooms were really clean....great place, you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good Value for West End hotel	Good location near Baker Street. Staff very helpful and friendly. Clean room. Breakfast disappointing in bacon etc all cold.	
May 30 2009 	What a great stay!	We were there only for a couple days but it was really great! The room wasn't that small, I guess a good size for London. Everything very clean. It was pretty quiet at night.... considering I got back to the hotel every night past 4 am......Steps from the tube and buses. Great breakfast. Very nice people.Would stay there again for sure!	
Apr 29 2009 	Location Location Location!	Just got back from a week at the Blandford and I would have to say for what we wanted it was just about perfect. Cheerful service, not alot of frills, but clean and top notch value. Excellent location and quiet street. Didn't spend alot of time in the room, but everything you need is within blocks. Breakfast included a nice touch. I'd go back.	
Apr 15 2009 	Beware of unclear policies--poor customer service	I booked the Blandford hotel for a June stay, but had to change my plans. When I booked there was a note about the cancellation policy which stated that you could cancel up to 48 hours in advance. I cancelled a day later well in advance of the June stay and was sent a note that my deposit was non-refundable. Even my confirmation e-mail stated that the deposit was non-refundable. The hotel was most unaccommodating in refunding my deposit- had I cancelled short notice I would not have complained, but 3 months in advance for a 12 hour window--that is unreasonable. So beware if you have any doubts about your plans--the Blandford will keep your entire deposit.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent Value/Great Location	This small, well presented hotel is staffed by friendly, attentive professionals. The beds were very comfortable, modern and clean. Everything one wants in a small hotel plus cheerful support from the staff.	
Dec 4 2008 	Fine hotel great breakfast	I first chose the Blandford for its included full English breakfast and proximity to Baker Street tube station and just enjoyed my 4th stay. The hotel has been renovated since my 2005 visit, with new decor, new bathrooms, and air conditioning. The windows still open. They have moved from 3 stars to 4. All rooms are en suite, some shower only including my single.The breakfast room has been expanded and is now a buffet with fried or scrambled eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes, bacon, sausage, dry cereal, juice, milk and more. My single room at £88.75 was quiet and at the back. My brother's £117.50 double on the top floor had a large window overlooking Chiltern Street. The street is quiet although just a block from busy Baker Street and Marylebone Road. I would gladly stay at the Blandford again, although the price has steadily risen.	
Nov 5 2008	Great little hotel in an excellent location	This is a great little hotel. It is really well located, just 2 minutes' walk from Baker Street tube station but far enough down a quiet residential street that it is a peaceful place to stay. I couldn't hear the traffic on Euston Road even when I tried! The rooms are pretty small, but nicely finished, with modern bathrooms and temperature control (which is good as my room was on the cold side when I arrived). The TVs in the rooms also have Sky Sports which is a plus in my opinion! Everywhere is extremely clean and the staff are pleasant - I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Warm and friendly	I took my girlfriend here for her 21st birthday. The team at The Blandford treated us very well. Delivered breakfast in bed as a special treat and flowers and presents I had bought earlier. They made the stay very special for us both. If you like a quiet room and sincere customer service you will like it here. The Blandford Hotel in Marylebone is a special little hamlet in a hectic city. Enjoy.	
Oct 4 2008 	Loved the Blandford	Don't expect large, spacious rooms. Do expect a clean, small room with new bathroom. Ask for a room on the street side as it is quiet and the windows open widely. Also, the entire staff is friendly and very helpful. The English Breakfast was wonderful with great selections and a comfortable dining room. The location is tops! Easy access to Baker Street Tube and all connections. We will definately recommend this cozy hotel to friends.	
Aug 22 2008 	quiet and near to everything.	After reading negative about my first choice of hotel which I had booked early in May I decided to look for another hotel closer to the Wedding Reception that I was going to on the weekend. I went on the hotels website and other web discount sites and the price was still more expensive than I wanted to spend. I rang the hotel direct and managed to get a further reduction which I was pleased to get which included breakfast. It is ideally placed and was able to get a bus to Baker Street from the Rail station and its so close to all the places of interest. Unfortunetly we were last to arrive at the hotel and had no choice in rooms and although close to the Breakfast room in the basement were not disturbed by them setting up in the morning. The place is quiet and very clean and the bonus of an iron and ironing board in the room to smooth out the creases of my outfit was a bonus.The breakfast was very good and plentiful and I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to stay in Central London.	
Jun 11 2008 	Excellent!!!	Excellent hotel..perfect location..only 2 min walk from Baker's Street tube station and Madame Tussard'sThe hotel was very clean, decent breakfast, very helpful staff and to top it all the location. I will definitely recommend this to everyone...The only small downside is that the room/bathroom is a little small, but it is clean and also has got Air-condition	
Mar 17 2008 	I'd stay there again!	I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights and for the price (considering that's London) I have to tell that it was a very good experience. The location is unbeatble, calm but very close from the Baker Street Station (The Underground) from where you can reach in short trips the most attractive points of interest. Also is not far from Oxford Street, and there's some pubs and restaurants in one internet cafe in a short walking distance. It's location is also very convenient if you arrive in Heathrow and take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station: from Paddington you can take a taxi for 8 pounds to the hotel. The hotel was renewed, is very clean, has a good shower, lift, kind staff and a good buffet breakfast (what's is not common in London at all!). The beds aren't narrow as usual in budget hotels in Europe. The negative point is that my room (#25) was really tiny, but there are better ones for the same price. For budget travellers I strongly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 8 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the Blandford last year and found it to be a great base for our long weekend in London. I have been to London many times and the accomodation has usually been, shall i say basic. This is a lovely hotel, very helpful and friendly staff and in a fab location. Just across the road from baker street tube station and also across the road from madame tussauds. The breakfast was very nice and the room was lovely. Newly decorated and very cosy. Spotlessly clean and a lovely compact bathroom. We didnt have much of a view however we didnt stay there for that. All in all we were very satisfied and will be rebooking for our next stay. We booked through Superbreaks however the guy on reception told me it would have been cheaper done direct.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great Location	Myself and my mum stayed here for 3 nights in December 2007. The hotel is in an excellent location - a quiet street 10 mins walk from Oxford Street and 1 minute walk from Baker Street tube. There are lots of nice little shops, cafes and restaurants in the surrounding sidestreets. We arrived at 9.30 and the friendly staff kept our cases for us as our room was not ready. In fact, when we returned, our cases were already placed in our room. Our room and bathroom was small but very clean and had flatscreen tv with sky sports channels, air conditioning, trouser press and iron, hairdryer and safe. As we were out all day and basically only slept there, the size of the room didnt bother us. The breakfast area is small and you may have to wait for a table, but again this didnt bother us as we were in no rush. There is plenty choice for breakfast - cereals, fruit, toast, rolls, cheeses and ham, cooked breakfast. The carpets in the main corridors looked old and grotty, but dont let that put you off, the rest of the hotel is fine. The staff are very friendly and helpful and the location is excellent. Compared with the price you would pay for a Travelodge or Premier Inn without breakfast, I would definately stay here again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Basment floor :(	I wanted to book a hotel near Canary Wharf as i needed to work there, but unfortunatley they were all full. So my company booked me in hotel Blandford. I'm not sure where they found it...I must say I had quite low expectaions, but the hotel did look nice from the outside and the location is good (for turists). My first disappointment was that my room was located on basement floor, so no view at all and a feeling of staying in the London Dungeon.Second, the room is located just below the stairs, so a lot of noise in the mornig with all the people walking down to the breakfast room. The kitchen is also located on the very same floor, so you can smell the breakfast cooking even before you wake up. Needles to say the room was tiny, but quite clean at least.I would recomend this hotel to tourist looking for a good value for money (if that exists in london), just try to stay out of the basement. For business traveleres this hotel is not recomended.	
Nov 23 2007 	A cosy and quite hotel	Stayed at Blandford several times from September 2006 to January 2007, spent there all in all 7 weeks. Very nice managent, good breakfast. Rooms are small but neat and tidy, in very good condition. There's relatively cheap Wi-Fi in rooms and looby area. The location of the hotel s really nice - 5 min on foot from Baker Street station and not more than 15 min on foot from Oxford street. Moreover, Bakerstreet is one of the main tube hubs, so you can easily get to all parts of London quickly. One recommendation - it's better to avoid rooms on the 1st floor, especially near the stairs, as it can get noisy in the mornings.	
Nov 20 2007	first time alone	First time travelling alone for pleasure. Single rooms small but very comfortable clean good reading light etc. Room at the back lovely and quiet. Breakfast fine good selection. Lovely staff so pleasant and efficient in the early morning! Would definitely stay here again - its so convenient but slightly removed from all the bustle	
Sep 26 2007 	Great Hotel for the Price	The Blandford is a really great hotel for its price range (100-125 pounds) in a wonderful location. The hotel has been completely renovated within the past year with up to date rooms, modern bathrooms, full air conditioning, and a nice breakfast area. I believe many of the previous reviews were written prior to this renovation. There is wireless internet available in the rooms and a full breakfast comes with the price. All of the management was extremely helpful, and we were upgraded to a triple (our reservation was for a twin room). Yes, the rooms are small, but that is to be expected in the small private hotels in London. I have stayed in several other London hotels for about the same price, and none are anywhere near as good as the Blandford. The Blandford's online booking rates are usually lower than booking in person. The hotel is located on a quiet street, but just a short block away from the Baker Street tube stop. There are various types of restaurants, cafes, and bakeries within several blocks in all directions. I will definitely return to the Blandford on my next trip to London!	
Aug 29 2007 	good hotel for the money	Small rooms but very nice. We had one on the fourth floor with nice views of the London roof tops . small modern bathroom, clean but with some difficulty in getting hot water in the wash-basin at night. Carpets needed a good cleaning.Nice helpful staff, good breakfastExcellent location, two steps from Baker St. tube station, busesand Marylebone train station.I would return to this hotel and would recommend it to friends.	
Jun 28 2007 	Good value...that`s all...	I have just returned from a weekend break in London,one of my favourite European capitals!I booked one triple room by the Hotel website,for me,my husband and my 12 year old son.Although I asked for a room with one double and one single bed,they gave us one small room with one double bed and the most uncomfortable sofa-bed that I have seen!!It was impossible for my son to sleep in !I had to sleep myself in the sofa,because I am smaller that him!The bathroom was modern and big in comparison with the room.The location was good...not outstanding but good...closer to Baker street underground station ,with good bus connections and quiet( without any street noise!!).I think this Hotel is a good value for money because the price included breakfast which is rare in London!Overall a reasonable stay but without any special thing that make me wish to return!	
Apr 22 2007 	great hotel	very friendly and helpful staff. rooms very clean and comfortable and the breakfast was superb. all in all a great weekend and great hotel. would certainly stay there again and recommend it to other people.	
Jan 15 2007 	Home away from home	Although based in the US I am employed by a British company that is located in the area of this hotel. Therefore, I am back and forth between London and the US. I have stayed at the Blandford 5 times now and I grow to like it more and more each time I go. The first time I was there they were just completing renovations. Apparently, prior to doing this the hotel was in dodgy shape. However, now everything is brand new...from the carpets in the rooms and hallways to the steps entering the building (the website needs to be updated because the hotel looks a million times better now). Typical to European hotel rooms, the Blandford's single rooms are quite small but everything in it is in new, nice condition. The staff is very accommodating to early morning arrivers and each time I have stayed here I was able to check in within minutes of arriving (even as early as 7am). This makes they transition from the states a lot easier! Each time I go back they staff remembers me which is welcoming. The English breakfast is amazing! I am not normally a breakfast eater but I make it down to the breakfast room when I am here. The hotel is about a 3 min walk to the Baker Street tube stop (you can see it from the hotel). It is also about three blocks from Marylebone High Street and about a 10 minute walk to Oxford St. Also, there are tons of restaurants right around the corner for dine in or take away, which is also convenient. According to the staff, a lot of people are there on business therefore it is not a noisy rowdy crowd. Also, you can save about £40 by booking online at the hotel website. All and all the Blandford makes for a great trip to London!	
Nov 1 2006	Watch out for the phone bill	I booked a room at the Blandford Hotel for a week - the hotel was clean but small but all in all a good experience. However, I made a lot of free calls using the hotel phone to my internet service provider and the hotel tried to charge me £120! These were free calls! After much haggling I finally got the charge down to £60 but this is far, far too much to pay for calls that were to a free call number. I then wrote the hotel manager a letter explaining how disappointed I was that I had such a good experience at the hotel apart from this and perhaps it might be worthwhile warning people that they would be charged even if the call is to a free number. I received no response and for their non-existent customer service I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2005	Small but cosy	The hotel is less than a minute from Baker Street Tube Station and is within easy walking distance of Oxford Street. My single room was small but it did have a double bed and a nice en-suite. The English breakfast was plentiful but stodgy fare. Overall, a great location for the price.	
Aug 29 2005 	good value and location	I stayed at the Blandford for a week during a rather hot summer, like many London hotels it was not air conditioned but they were happy to provide a fan. The room was basically furnished with a bed, side table and desk. They provided a small kettle with tea and coffee. The bathroom although old was very clean. I had a room facing the fire escape but this didnt bother me as it was very quiet and the fire escape door could be opened to cool the room down. They served a full english breakfast which was a great way to start the day. The breakfast room was small but it was a nice way to get to know other guests in the hotel.The hotel is minutes away from Baker street tube station and around the corner from a bunch of shops including an internet cafe, you can walk to Regents Park and Madame Tussauds and if you are feeling really energetic it is in walking distance to oxford street, otherwise there are also plenty of buses in the area. All in all this was a perfectly adequate hotel for what I paid at the time, the hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly. What more could you ask for?	
Mar 8 2004	OK if you're not in your room too much	I stayed by myself in this hotel a few years ago and picked it because of the price and the central location. One of the other reviewers called it &quot;dreary&quot; and I would agree. In fact, I switched hotels after my second day, because there are more attractive ones in London for the same price if you look around. Full English breakfast was included in the price of the room, which some people like but I personally do not particularly care for. I did find it odd that the soap in the bathroom had a label on it for a completely different hotel!	
Oct 29 2009 	Charmant		
Oct 1 2009 	camera microscopica ma pulita e ben arredataquasi una rarita' a londra		
Sep 20 2009 	sehr gutes Hotel		
Jun 29 2009 	Positivo		
Dec 14 2008 	Superzentrales Blandford		
Sep 21 2008 	Excelente Hotel. Buena Relación Calidad-Precio		
Jun 22 2008 	Muy limpio y céntrico		
Nov 26 2007 	Che sorpresa!		
