Oct 7 2009 	Fantastic budget hotel for mini break	Myself and my friend ended up in this hotel last minute.We were staying in London for 3 days and 2 nights, the previous night we stayed at another hotel (The Grapevine/Olympic House) It was terrible so we moved across to the Edward House Hotel. We walk in on a Friday morning at 9.30 and the lovely manager provided us with a room straight away and also offered us breakfast when the kitchen was due to close. He was very friendly and accomodating advising us if we needed anything just to ask. A wonderful budget hotel within a fantastic location and cheap. Ensuite room was basic but spacious, comfortable and the shower was brilliant. Tea and coffee making facilities with hot chocolate too! All branded products. Would definitely recommend staying here for a mini break.	
Jul 22 2009 	Don't stay here	I stayed here just one night with my two daughters aged 20 and 15. We were put in a family room - on the third floor. It was the noisiest room, everytime someone flushed the toilet on the floor the noise was very loud in our room. I could also here everything that was being said in the next room. The room wasn't very clean, and exceptionally cramped. Breakfast was a farce. no one could get in or out because it was so cramped. Pay a little more next time and stay in a decent hotel!	
Jul 7 2009	Close to Victoria Station	This is a pretty simple hotel. Not much to look at here. The bedding is adequate and the staff is helpful and relatively friendly. It's a place to lay your head with the sounds of trains going by. Television had a lot to be desired with limited stations. Continental breakfast was adequate but the coffee wasn't bad. Take earplugs because they worked for me. I hada good enough sleep and it is close to Victoria Station.	
May 7 2009 	with earplugs its all good :)	Three nights in a triple ensuite room, value for money for the location, in central london, close to victoria station underground &amp; coach station. Earplugs are a must, as walls are thin,can hear alot of street noise, other room noise..on the plus side, the staff are friendly, the breakfast is included, &amp; rooms are serviced with clean towels &amp; cleaning each day. Will stay here again, for the CHEAP rate.	
Feb 23 2009 	Basic but good value	I have recently returned from a stay in London which included myself, daughter and mother. Unfortunately this wasn't the original hotel we had booked but we got transferred here so we didn't have an idea what it would be like. I'm glad now though cos if I'd have read some reviews I would have been put off. The hotel was fine and it suited our needs which was a place to put our heads down after a night in the theatre. As I had my mother we me I wouldn't have let her stay in any old rubbish and this certainly wasn't. The room was basic but adequate - we had comfy beds, clean towels and a shower which was all we asked for. The breakfast room is small but we were only in there for half an hour and breakfast was good. We didn't here any passing trains in the night. The hotel was located in a prime position for the train station and the coach station and really close to the appollo theatre which is what we wanted. Overall I would definatley stay here again and if its cheap and cheerful you're looking for I definately recomend it!!	
Nov 17 2008 	nice friendly and safe	for the price you pay it is a nice friendly hotel ,not that modern but clean, and a nice continental b,fast which consists of cornflakes ,oatmeal ,toast ,butter ,jam and croisants and youghart, tea and coffee.the staff are ok too ,if you ask them they will try to help you with your question. my room was in the basement but considering the price @ triple ensiute ,the room was good in size and the shower and toilet was clean and big.the best thing is you always find someone at the reception 24hours that makes you feel safe.over all this is my final comment never forget what you paid for a basic one star hotel so don't think you will find a 5 star room and furnitue ,what you pay for you get,and the location is eccelllent just 2 min walk fom victoria train station and 1 min walk from victoria coach station ,nice safe area .	
Sep 10 2008 	Absolutely terrible!!!!	Like so many others the &quot;21 bright rooms with power showers&quot; fooled me. The staff are rude and the room is disgusting so much so that I did not stick around for the breakfast which is one thing I noticed had decent reviews. The bedding was old and unpressed, wall paper tatty and cabling all over. The roof also looked like it could cave in at any moment especially with the vibration and noise from the trains outside my window. The trains also run all night. Expect 3 -4 hours sleep at a push. Don't expect any refunds or favours either. I still have 2 nights to go. What a nightmare!!!!	
Aug 26 2008 	we got wot we paid for...	We paid 50£ for 3 people, sharing one room.We had our own bathroom.Everythg was really clean. Staff was ok but didnt seem to understand a word of my French English (which is not that bad by the way). The bathroon's window was broken and replaced by a board. But otherwise everythg else worked. Tea facilities were ok. Bed really unfomfortable. Small for 3. but loads of drawers, towels, soaps ect.. quite practical.I am happy i paid only 50£ for that, would have been really unhappy if paid more.Really good location.Nice breakfast. But small breakfast area with weird staff looking at us all the time... :-SPerfect place for young people having no money, who just want a nite out in London, n a bed to sleep in! :-)	
Aug 3 2008 	No no no no no.	If this room had only cost $40 a night this would have been worth it, but it didn't, it cost $90. I might as well have just slept at the airport. The room was the size of a sardine can, the bed was the size of a matchbox. The room was butted up against the train station so I heard them going all night, not to mention the paper thin walls which lead to hearing other noises.The staff was rude and the breakfast area was just that - an area no bigger than a closet. The bathrooms were dirty - meaning wet toilet paper everywhere, uncleaned bowls, etc.Even if you're backpacking you shouldn't have to deal with this. Stay at a hostel, it's cheaper and you'll probably have a better room than this. I can't think of one good reason to stay here. Even being close to the train station isn't a selling point because there are several other hotels in the area. Stay at one of those instead.	
Jul 1 2008 	Don't do it . . .	The website says this hotel will &quot;exceed your expectations&quot; . . . well, I thought it might be bad, so it succeeded. It was exceedingly dirty, smelly and cramped, with poorer facilities than I expected. The numbers of cockroach traps in my room certainly exceeded my expectations, as did the shoddy decor and carpets, uneven floors, temperamental door locks and the very unappealing breakfast room. This place is about 20 years overdue a refurb and charging £80 a night is daylight robbery. My advice is don't do it - go anywhere else.	
Jun 15 2008 	Just awful	Based on the information provided and pictures displayed on the Edward House Hotel website, we booked two nights 13/14th June 2008 for our holiday weekend in London for Trooping of the Colour.The website boasts, and I quote....21 bright and spacious modern bedrooms with power showers, direct dial telephone complimentary tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, central heating, interactive colour televisions with Satellite Channels, radio channels...unquote.After hauling our luggage up numerous flights of wonkey stairs to the top floor, we were dismayed, disappointed and upset to find the room allocated to us to be anything other than a bright and spacious modern bedroom. In fact it was quite the opposite, in that it was dark and dingy and sparsely fitted with furniture and for the life of us, we couldn't see the complimentary tea and coffee or any of the other advertised features. If the advertised garb on a hotel website boasts 21 modern spacious bedrooms with etc etc, then we would expect that every room would be similar in appearance and be similarly equipped, whether it has ensuite facilities, or shared.Our modern spacious bedroom, that wasn't spacious OR modern didnt have a toilet and the only toilet available for our use was down four flights down to the second floor.On viewing the room and finding it unacceptable to our requirements, we decided that we would move on and find another hotel to stay. We therefore requested that we be refunded the two nights accomdation that we had paid when signing. Our attention was drawn to the hotel cancellation policy (which by the way has failed to download each time we have tried to access it on the internet) and the fact that we would forfeit one nights' accommdation. They offered to upgrade us to another room at no further charge, but on inspection we found the second room to be no better than the first room allocated, although it did have a shower shoved in over the toilet.We then decided to forfeit one nights accommodation in favour of moving on to something more acceptable and asked for our second night to be refunded back into our bank account. We were told by the person in charge, that it couldn't be done till the following morning, however, we have checked our bank account, and it still hasn't been refunded.The hotel porter told us that because we had booked a basic room, we couldn't expect the same facilities as in other rooms. However, I remind you again that advertising garb on the website boasts 21 bright and spacious modern bedrooms with .....etc etcFraudulent advertising doesn't make for good business.Will we see our refund?Signed....we two kiwis!	
Oct 4 2007	Don't stay here!	If you are anything other than a student that is used to staying in squalid digs (which I once was), DO NOT stay here. My wife and I wanted a relatively cheap room for the night because we wanted to go and see a band in London and not have to try to get home really late at night.We didn't go and see the band because once we had seen our room I immediately refused to stay there and asked for a refund (which I am still trying to secure from the manager). The room, an en suite, was a disgrace - and it wasn't even the cheapest!By the way, I made the booking on the strength of the pictures of the rooms on the hotel website. The pictures on the site bear absolutely no resemblance to the actual rooms.My thoughts turned to the idea of someone visiting this country on holiday who have booked to stay in this place for a number of days. What a terrible advert for London as a place to visit. Stay away.	
Jul 6 2007 	Better than a park......	To be honest this place is OK if you are on a budget and only staying for one night however any longer an it may be worth considering. Every room is very small and people are crammed in like sardines, staff are not that friendly. What my partner an I found very strange was that considering there were 20+ rooms there were only 5 tables for breakfast in the morning???This was so odd, we went down stairs an it was packed an had to go back to our rooms until 15 minutes before it was due to finish. The shared toilet thing grossed me out a bit too as it stank of you know what - yuk! In general the whole place needs a clean, a lick of paint and a touch of of customer care.	
Jun 24 2007 	Last resort	Yes, it's handy for Victoria and the coach station, but the room I had was a disgrace (213). To cross the room from door to window was 1m 50, and to use the loo one foot was in the shower, and the other wedged elsewhere.I have stayed twice now, and been disappointed. £69 is not dirt cheap, but this was more of a hostel.Breakfast was included, a help-yourself arrangement, with the cheapest sliced bread to make your own toast.I thought it was a requirement that room rates are visible in reception - not here.Sorry, but standards are poor.	
Jun 18 2007 	Smelly hotel	THE Smelly Hotel. The first night that we arrived in the hotel was horrible our room was the basement, which smelled really bad, before we even entered the room.Are room was always boiling and couldn’t open window, the sheets was always damp and the duvet quilt had (--) marks on there YUCK and when we came back the following day hoping to all have been changed the quilt was just turned round revolting.The toilet was always dirty and smelled really bad of bleach but never looked clean. Shower was dirty. Tramps back and for the hotel.It put us off so much we didn’t even want to try the breakfast. Waste of time and money so if your thinking of staying here pay a bit extra for somewhere decent really disappointing wouldn’t give it a 1 star rating. Especially room 202 don’t go there!	
Mar 21 2007 	very good experience	I stayed at this hotel the begining of March 2007 I got the Megabus to London so the location was perfect minutes away from the stop good for checking in and within easy walking distance of Victoria Coach Station for left luggage, and there is a bus stop around the corner which is good for the night buses after a night out. I had prepaid (go to the hotel website its cheaper) the reception staff were friendly and helpful offering me tourist info tube maps etc- the first time this has happened in the many times i have visited the city- my room 205 was ground floor next to the shared bathrooms was the best decorated room I've seen (used to orange pine and shagpile carpet) in fact the prints in the room would look good in my dinning alcove. The breakfast was good and filling tho I thought it odd that the breakfast room was in the reception and that you had to make your own toast.The only problem I had was the hall light shining under the room door which was easily sorted as was the banging window which again was easily sorted out -tho to be fair it was rather stormy at the time-And as for the trains didnt notice them.	
Dec 12 2006 	Icy....	Ok, here's the story.We stayed in this &quot;hotel&quot; for 2 nights and we knew it was not a 4* hotel but we didn't knew what to expect so here it goes.when we entered the hotel they gave us a key to room 209.It was on the ground flour 10steps away from the front door.The manager opened the door and there was luggage from other people, he sad: ok these guys are moving to another room.. (nice administration). So we entered the room and thought we were entering the northpole. it was freezing to death. so we thought there was a window open and wanted to shut it, but.. there was no window open(and we still don't know where the cold came from). and allways nice to know, when you open the room, you can allmost touch the train. So i slept that night with socks,a cap and a t-shirt under the dirty sheets. the shower/wc is like 2m/60cm. so not comfort at all.1 big plus was the breakfast. it was well organized and there was food enough.This is a fine hotel if you want to visit london and you only want a bed to get in if you're drunk. but not if you want to stay in london for a comfort hotel.Cheers , Jordi	
Aug 28 2006 	Good Location LESS than Average Room...	My wife and I are open to everything and most anything. We tend to do Europe like the locals and &quot;through the back door.&quot; We tend to follow Rick Steve's and his philosophy and so I suggest you buy his book and book rooms he recommends. He did not recommend this place. And for good reason. This place is a prime location to everything. Right by the Victoria Station, pubs, food eateries, etc. The room was less than average at best, but &quot;sleepable.&quot; We were only in our room to sleep and that's just about what their rooms are good for. Kind of noisy due to the train station but otherwise quiet. Breakfast was skimpy. Staff was nice but if you are looking for a place of luxury and relaxation, don't come here. This place is for sleeping. Best thing to do here is show up and bargain with the clerk. I saw this done on a number of occasions and it worked. People were telling the desk person the price they were willing to pay. Remember, do it tactfully and respectfully. I saw people pay less than half of what we payed for. Other than being a smoky, loud room, it is a prime location. Location, location, location, that's the only thing this place is good for.	
Jun 12 2006	Give it a chance!!!	Me and my boyfriend have just returned from two day trip to London and we stayed at Edward House Hotel, mainly because we were on a budget! I wasnt put off by past reviews because we didnt plan on spending much time in the hotel, we were too busy sightseeing! We found this hotel very pleasant and met all our needs for this short break! Ok, so its not the Ritz, but for £40 a night including breakfast, there is no room for complaints! It was so closely situated to the Coach Station and Train Station even we couldnt get lost, which I must admit was a problem we thought we might have! If you are after a short break in the countrys capital, and are on a budget look no further! I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel, the staff were very pleasant and helpful, the breakfast was absolutely fine, bit of a squeeze but not too bad, one morning we had the whole room to ourselves!! The trembles were pretty bad but that is what you have to expect that near to train tracks I am afraid! And we also stayed on the top floor, with no lift it was quite hard in over 30 degrees heat but managable! We also had a shower in the room when we werent expecting it which was good and toliets were clean and just down the hall! Very impressed with this hotel as was expecting a lot worse!!!!! GIVE IT A TRY!!!!	
Jun 6 2006	Nice Staff Location Good smoking room	The value was there - we paid 40 pounds for 1 night, and the staff person was kind enough to &quot;upgrade&quot; us to a room with a shower (no toilet). The staff were very nice. No lift! They said this might be fixed next year. So my partner lugged my luggage up 4 flights of narrow stairs. The room is tiny, and the shower fits just sluggly near the sink. The room was a smoking room - for non-smokers this was really bad. They did their best by spraying air freshner in it. Not for light sleepers, because our room overlooked the train tracks of the block away, Victoria Bus/Train Station (location good if you are arriving by train/bus). Breakfast (included) was fine, but I never like those Nescafe coffee dispensers.	
Apr 20 2006 	loved the rat trap in the dining room(?)	I cannot believe that I paid £65 for the room that we stayed in(204), it was little more than an annexe of the reception!! The dining room if you can call it that, was more like Greasy Joes Cafe, the facilities in Victoria coach station were better!! we did not bother with the breakfast. My advice is to look elsewhere, for £65 you can get a hotel that is a lot better than this one.	
Mar 21 2006	Dont stay there!!	I booked a Twin Room for two nights and when arrived was brought up 5 flights of stairs to a Room at the top of the building which was actually a family room. It was very grubby and old fashioned looking - The toilet (Ensuite) looked like something out of a caravan stuck in and made a load of noise but the room was FREEZING!!! It was Very noisy as right beside train trackes and when i checked to see why it was so cold there was about 6 inch gap in the window where cold air and noise were coming in. I complained to the 'Receptionist' who told me there was nothing he could do till the following day (couldnt move us to otrher room/hotel) When i said this was unacceptable as it was below freezing that night he then suggested putting a towel in the window to stop the breeze. At this point I asked for a refund and went to the comfort of the Comfort Inn across the road - warm and clean Heaven!! I would really not recoomennd this place to anyone, even those on a tight budget..	
Jan 8 2006	Clean but....	I booked in with my partner for two nights and left after one. This is pushing the idea of a hotel a bit, more like a glorified B&amp;B affair with added sensory highlights. The 'hotel' is fairly basic. We stayed in room 219. Sounds ok - 219 therefore this must be a second floor double room. Like a number of things in this place reality takes strange turn. All of the rooms start with the number 2! Our 219 was up 5 flights of stairs that would have put most houses in Amsterdam to shame. We needed oxygen and Sherpas to get to the top. It's the sort of place with bulging walls which without the wallpaper I fear that formal demolition would not be required, a gentle breath from the big bad wolf would do the job quite admirably. The bathroom (en suite!) looks like it's been cut off the end of a caravan (trailer to our US friends) and stuck in with sellotape. Sort of small fibreglass cubical affair with loo, sink and shower cunningly designed to fit into the sort of space not dissimilar to area of a freshly dug grave. If you are over 5'8&quot; tall, a stoop would be a distinct advantage. The water is hot and there appears to be plenty of it.The hotel does hide a special feature I have not seen in many other establishments. If you want to make love or just fancy a vibro-massage but are feeling just a bit too lazy there is help at hand. Just wait a couple of minutes, helpfully London Underground will give you a good shake. Additionally the noise from the water system is quite stunning. Close your eyes and with the vibration from the train and the noise of the water tanks refilling you could easily be at the Niagara or Victoria falls and all on a budget and without leaving London. Quite a bargain really. The room did have potential however, I have considered contacting National Geographic to see if they wanted to do a film on the lesser London Mosquito which I was a little surprised to find in a hotel room in London in January. The room appeared to have it's own atmosphere and ecosystem well worthy of a good academic study.Of slight concern was that we were at the top of the house and the only exit appeared to be down the wooden steps we climbed up (ropes and irons required) or the window which is at a very interesting height from the electrified rails below; if you are in to Chimney pots you get a great view 'down' on to quite a few. It is sort of quaintly reminiscent of Mary Poppins. So a parachute and thick rubber boots would be a distinct advantage for the nervous. If you suffer from vertigo my advice would be not to open the curtains. The place was very clean as were the sheets and facilities. I have to say we didn't look too closely just in case.And so the 2nd B...breakfast. The website proclaims &quot;Breakfast, they say, is the most important meal of the day and at the Edward House Hotel in Victoria, there's no excuse for missing it, no matter how much of a hurry you're in. A complimentary Continental Breakfast is served each morning in our spacious, modern and comfortable breakfast room from 07.30 to 09.30, located on the ground floor.&quot; Hmmm a bit of poetic licence I feel. This most important occasion to start your day in London is held in a sort of mini transport cafe behind the reception. Climbing around tightly packed plastic chairs and melamine tables and a serve your self (right?) breakfast of cornflakes, muesli, yogurt, and breads and fruit juices all to the jolly sound of Sky News blaring it's joyful tidings of death and despair from around the world, I started to wonder about just that... Missing it. The good thing is was that this was precisely the only noise we found which drowned out the sound of the trains.I must concede that like the website proudly states the room must look particularly spacious… to an ant. However put four or five normally sized humans in there and well... spacious isn't a word that readily springs to mind. If you want to get up to leave almost every one else has to move around to let you out. I have cupboards at home bigger than this room.When we booked the night before, innocently looking forward to their websites promise of a &quot;tastefully decorated and continuously maintained, to provide best comfort as well as stylish decor and useful amenities such as in all rooms. The hotel is a first class facility, and offers everything needed for a memorable stay in London at an affordable price!&quot;, the chap on the reception (even that’s pushing it a bit far - it's more a hole in the wall which, when the receptionist turns immediately around they become the breakfast controller - sort of dual purpose affair) showed us with great pride the automatic drinks machine from which &quot;you can have as many refills as you wish&quot;. Coffee and tea coloured liquid did appear to be being dispensed from it. We gave it a miss. Now I have to say in my student travelling days I would have aspired to somewhere like this. It's clean, warm and reasonable. If you expect a “tastefully decorated” hotel with “stylish décor” with “useful amenities”, you are any older than 22 and earn more than someone working part time in a fast food joint then is going to be a tad of a disappointment. If you have a wonderful sense of humour then a visit could be great fun as you wistfully eye the printouts from their website. I can, without fear of contradiction, guarantee their promise that this hotel “offers everything needed for a memorable stay in London”.	
Sep 29 2005	Dont have high expectations or else you'll be disapointed	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and was tempted to go across the street to the Comfort Inn on the very first night. The room we had was on the very top floor and having 3 cases made it a huge struggle to get to the room. The view of the train lines was interesting and the noise they made all day and night was amazingly loud. Couldnt have the window open at night due to the noises. The pipes rattled all night, there was a generator that switched on and off whenever anyone on the floor used the water i suspect. Breakfast was adequate although the room was smaller than the bedroom we stayed in. Location wise this hotel was good, only 5 min walk to Victoria Coach Station and close to the tube and the palace.i would say stay here if all you need is a bed, but with all the noise at night its not that great!	
May 2 2005	give it a go	I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights, with the previous reviews i read i was a bit concerned but for £50 a night and the location i thought it was worth the risk. It wasnt the Ritz but it was comfortable stay which was made more enjoyable with the help of the friendly staff. The only criticisms would be that the walls were a bit thin and you could hear muffled conversations in the opposite rooms, also the bathroom had no windows which made it difficult to get any fresh air in.	
Apr 18 2005	Very basic...	This is a very, very, very basic hotel. We arrived at 4pm and left at 1.45am as we just needed a place to be before getting an early bus to Stansted Aiport from Victoria Coach Station (which is sight of the hotel) for an early flight to Spain.We had a family room in the basement which had 3 dbl beds and a single bed - first time I've been to a hotel room in London that would sleep seven. The sheets were clean, the shower room/toilet was clean, plenty of clean towels. True it looked out to some bin bags and what appeared to be a laundry room. Decor a little strange. There was a kettle and tea/coffee making facilities in room and you could help yourself 24 hrs a day to drinks from the machine in the breakfast room (which is a few tables in the Reception Office!). Had a little TV with variable reception and a phone. No real closet space if you did have a larger family staying in the room. The girl who checked us in was pleasant. The rooms that face the back will overlook the train tracks so would be noisy I imagine. This is not the kind of place to base a whole long stay around at all but convenient if you need to be near Victoria Train Station or Coach Station for one night.There are plenty of restaurants and a couple of supermarkets nearby.	
Jan 25 2005	DO NOT STAY HERE! all thats missing is the rats (or are they)	What a --- hole. Dirty wonky floors, very old and grotty cheap and nasty. ALL OF THIS I SORT OF EXPECTED FOR THE PRICE BUT and boy its a but. It is next to 25 wide train lines leaving victoria (that run all night). U could probably lean out of the window and touch the train the tracks are so close. The room lit up like in a lightening storm every few minutes and shook so badly anything on the sink fell into the sink. The picture on the walls were nailed in place the 70's circular neon light fitting rattled like a fire alarm all through the night. To be fair the trains do slow down to every 20 minutes or so between 3am and 5 am. For 40-50 Quid a room u can get better for your money than this place.	
Jan 16 2005	Room for five	The best thing with this hotel is that it has a room for five (and even six), something that is difficult to find. We, a family of five, stayed at the hotel for several nights. The family room is sufficiently large and the toilet is ok. However, it is below the ground level (with a window through which you can look up on people) which is not very pleasant (in particular since the hotel keeps its garbage outside the window). The hotel is small but serves its purpose (inexpensive accomodation). The breakfast room is ridiculously small and you need to be lucky to get a seat. Since it is adjacent to Victoria railway station, you can sometimes hear the trains but it is not too bad. All in all, this hotel is an ok alternative if you are looking for inexpensive (but safe) accomodation and if you do not have high expectations.	
Jan 9 2005	Clean Budget Hotel	Spent six days with my family at this hotel and it was six nice days. Edward House is a small, low standard, budget hotel with no fancy extras (for example lobby, tables in room etc). However, it was clean, the personnel was very friendly and they had a simple but fresh breakfast every morning.The hotel is very good situated, very near Victoria station. You may sometimes hear the trains but it’s excellent to travel from and to the hotel (coaches just a couple of hundred meters away). Victoria station and the area around is very rich of family-oriented restaurants and is very calm and friendly.	
Oct 8 2004 	Comfortable and Clean hotel	A very centrally located hotel. We found the rooms to be clean and excellent value for money.Staff were friendly and very helpful. Recently taken over by new management.	
Apr 24 2004	Look elseswhere	Dirty, horrible room that shook each time one of the regular trains went past. Empty food containers behind the bedside cabinet, TV did not work, reception unable to sort it out. Toast was greatly prepared by the experienced chef as described in their web page!!Please please look elsewhere, there are plenty of good budget hotels in the area-this is not one of them.	
Apr 24 2004	Suficiente si lo que buscas es sólo alojarte		
Nov 16 2009 	Si sólo quieres un sitio para dormir este es una gran elección.		
Aug 5 2009 	Como una pensión de los años 50 en España. Horroroso y depresivo.		
Apr 27 2009 	Non ci tornero' mai piu'		
Feb 5 2009 	Ewdard un buon compromesso .....		
Jan 28 2009 	Che schifo!!!		
Sep 10 2008 	comodo comodo comodo edward house		
Mar 7 2008 	el peor hotel de mi vida!!!!!!!!!!!		
Oct 29 2007 	Hält überhaupt nicht was es verspricht!!!		
Mar 18 2007	Deprimierende Bruchbude!		
