Oct 5 2009 	Poor quality bad service. Will not return	My husband and I were very excited to stay at this hotel. We stayed in the &quot;Japanese room&quot; which was described as &quot;one of the larger rooms in the hotel, which has been recently added&quot;. Modern and minimalistic were also used by hotel staff to described it. The room is in the basement, next door to the hotel kitchen. To get to the room, one must walk down the stairs, go past the door-less kitchen and you then arrive at the front door of your room. There was a constant smell of food in the corridor. The room was not large, it was average sized so if this is the largest room in the hotel, I hate to think what a small room is like. If you are used to luxury hotels, this hotel is not for you. We arrived at the hotel in a taxi. There was no one to help us with our bags outside or inside the hotel (we had 3 suitcases and a set of golf clubs). I asked if someone could help us and the women behind the desk looked at me like I was crazy. The staff were not terribly helpful. We went to use the computer in the lobby area because no one could provide us with the password for the wi-fi. The hotel porter/bell person was surfing the Internet ! There are much better places to stay in London. The location is good but value for money and service are terrible. Needless to say, we will not be returning.	
Sep 21 2009 	Quirky different and lovely friendly staff.	If you are looking for luxury and decadence don't go here, but if you want interesting and different then this is the place. We stayed in the Japanese room and it was fairly large with a comfortable bed and super bath and shower.The staff were very helpful and it was a lovely quiet location. I was disappointed by the breakfast, the croissant was stale, the toast cold and the butter rock hard. However this was my only real complaint.The hotel is a bit expensive but it is really quirky and I loved my stay here and found it very romantic.	
Jan 25 2009 	Colonial decadence in Notting Hill	We stayed in the Colonial room at the Portobello hotel to celebrate an anniversary. The room was lovely, a really good size, fantastic decadent bed and lovely bathroom with huge victorian bath, with all its original fittings.Staff were lovely, couldn't have done more to help. I would definitely recommend for anyone wanting a romantic stay somewhere a little out of the ordinary.	
Oct 2 2008 	Really Quirky Excellent service. Highly recommended but a tad picey	Loved the interior design and the coziness of the place. Food, room service excellent. Staff always courteous. Stayed 3 days and had a wonderful time.	
Jul 7 2008 	A video about Portobello Hotel	I found the hotel to be perfect for my fiance and I. We lounged around and didn't do much, but it was magnificent. As business traveler, I like to see a place before I stay there. A friend of mine recommended this video so I figured I should pass it along. http://www.tripfilms.com/Travel_Video-v63118-London-Where_to_Stay_in_London_Portobello_Hotel-Video.html	
Mar 18 2008 	A little small (room bathroom) but aside from that -- top quality !	I had some reservations about this hotel given previous reviewers comments about the service. Anyway, perhaps these reviews were duly noted, because I felt the service was top notch. I arrived late + hungry and the receptionist went out of her way to persuade a nearby restaurant to let me dine there. And, the service remained polite, prompt and attentive for the rest of my weekend stay.The breakfast is fine (they do the coffee well) and if you feel like a snack, I found the options on the hotel menu very satisfactory.Only complaint is that my single room was very small -- the bed took up most of the space. And getting in + out of the bathroom was not easy in the space provided. A small gripe though -- and I did not spend much time indoors with Notting Hill outside	
Mar 18 2008	have my doubts	I think I must agree with earlier reviews, the hotel is well located in a very quiet street but way overpriced	
Sep 25 2007 	Great Hotel	Our second stay at the Portobello Hotel.Great service on checkin, and we got the same room as last time overlooking the back gardens with the Big Bed!Great old fashioned decor, massive tv and large lounge area.Had breakfast brought to the room the next morning while opening up the balcony to let the sunshine in.Great hotel (and while not cheap) is great for those romantic occassions.Close to portobello road markets as well.	
May 29 2007	small single but great service	I stayed at the Portobello for weekend and was very impressed. The staff was very nice and room service was excellent. The breakfast is your basic bread and jam but the avocado salad I ordered for dinner was delicious. The hotel is well located in Notting Hill and has rooms overlooking a very charming garden (the birds wake you up - not traffic!) The only downside, if you request a single, is the size of the room. The space is quite small but the hotel makes up for it. Oh, if you don't feel like lugging your laptop, they have a computer in the downstairs lounge where you can check messages.	
May 22 2007	very overrated	This review is well over due and I was not going to write it because it had been so long, but I know how important reviews are when you are traveling and spending a good amount of money , you want all the information you can get. So here is the GOOD the BAD and the UGLY on the Portobello Hotel.The GOOD: This hotel is in a fantastic location. Notting Hill is beautiful with great shops and charming streets and one of the cities oldest pubs. The Saturday street market is not to be missed. The market is one of the best things to do on a Saturday morning in Central London. Thousands of people with great bargins to be found. Lots of fantastic food. Walk the street while drinking your coffee and end at the other end of the market drinking in the pubs. PEOPLE watching galore!The hotel is small and fairly charming. Its sits on a quiet beautiful street. The garden in the back is private to the neighbors. Nice to look out on. We were there during Guy Faux Eve and the kids stayed up til 3 am shooting off firewoks in the garden...not very quiet that night but very civilized for a neighborhood.The bed was great. We stayed in the four poster bed room. It had a nice amount of space compared to most London standards.The tub was extra long but nothing special to look at.The room had a coffee maker with tea and cookies...nothing special. The unit was dirty and outdated.The BAD: The rooms are way over priced. For close to 600.00 we could have stayed in many nice hotels in London with service to boot. The service here was TERRIBLE! The small staff acted as if you were not there in front of them. If you politely aked them a question they ignored you or said they couldnt help you out. It seemed like they were bored and were there waiting for movie stars to cater to. Even the simplest of questions they could not answer. They were uninformed about the neighborhood and frankly most of London.The breakfast was pretty dull. How can you mess up toast? If you order organic tea they charge you several extra dollars which is billed to your room. Even though tea is supposed to be included in the breakfast??? This puzzles me because if this is such a hip hotel why arn't all the teas organic? The price of an egg was insane and the breakfast room was lack luster with uncomfortable chairs. We opted out the second morning and found several charming brunch and breakfast places in the near vicinity of the hotel.The hallways can be noisey as other readers have said. Be prepared for anything.Getting a cab was difficult. It seemed like the communication system for this hotel was terrible.The UGLY: The bathroom was so tiny only one person could stand in it at one time. The door to the plastic shower moved in such an awkward way that you had to stand almost outside the bathroom to get in it. Water splashed everywhere soaking the entire tiny floor. The sink was so tiny water splashed out constantly. The floors were moldy! Lets put it this way, the entire bathroom needed a face lift. The tub sat outside the bathroom and as I mentioned earlier was nice and long but also very cheaply constructed. The two closets for clothing were in this area of the bathroom and were filthy and tiny. The t.v. reception barely came in. Good night!Go visit Notting Hill for the market, the shops and the pubs but not this hotel. Save your money and stay elsewhere.	
May 18 2007 	Bad Service For The Money	the Portobello Hotel most definitely has a charm that many hotels would have difficulty matching. It certainly is unique in its furnishings, beautiful Kensington setting and celebrity guest list. We decided to book to spend the night there on a weekend break to London. I picked the Royal Four Poster room, room 13. This room costs £295 per night with continental breakfast. When booking the hotel i had lovely service over the telephone, but when we got there it was another story. We arrived at the hotel and there were other people already in the small reception area. We waited for around six minutes while 2 staff members ignored us...finally on checking in they dissmissivly (is that a word??) said &quot;there's the lift or the stairs&quot;. No offer to help with our heavy bags up the stairs. The hotel is a little tatty around the edges but i feel it adds to its charm. We got to our room which was lovely with lovely views. The widescreen tv that was promised was positioned at the side of the bed so that it was almost impossible to view anyway!! With breakfast you can request to have it brought to the room free of charge. at around 8am the following morning i rang downstairs to request this....i swear i woke the guy up! he spoke very little english , grunted something said ok and put the phone down!!On leaving...we went to hand the keys in..the guy who looked like a student, sat behind the reception desk with his head down, blatantly aware that we were standing there, and that is where he stayed for five minutes , no &quot;sorry ill be with you in 2 minutes&quot; nothing. Customer Service is at an all time low in this place. I would NEVER go again, cos its such a damn waste of money!! yeh many celebs have stayed there and it is kind of intriguing thinking... &quot;i wonder whos been in this room&quot; but its not worth £295 and grunts from staff members!!!!	
Apr 27 2007	Yea but some of us Do want to sleep !!!	I agree with many of the comments I've seen on your web page with ref to this hotel but I do have to make one or two little additional observations. The facilities are of course wonderful, especially for that romantic weekend away with your lover....the opportunities for a series of sensual experiences in the sumptiousness of the decor are many and varied...but it IS a hotel and you know, some of us DO want to actually have a night's sleep there. The last time I was there this year, my neighbours across the ( very narrow ) corridor on the top floor were already enjoying the trysting potential of their accomodation when I arrived in the early evening. They were still enjoying it when we left for dinner, and yes you've guessed it, when we returned at around midnight they were still proclaiming their enthusiasm. This continued for most of the night and to rub salt into the wound, my jealousy was piqued even more the next morning when we bumped into them on that self same corridor and discovered that they were not, as we had imagined, in the first flush of energetic youth, but rather were somewhat older than our good selves ( early middle age !! ) So beware...the Portobello DOES have a surprising effect on some people, although I do imagine that it depends greatly on your choice of room-mate !!!	
Apr 22 2007 	Perfect if in perfect company	I am stunned by some of the comments made on this hotel. Have they actually stayed in the same hotel as I have? Let's make it very clear: the Portobello is not a hotel for couples who are wanting somewhere to stay whilst they visit London -they'd regret the time spent out of the hotel room-, this is not even a hotel for those who want to be within walking distance of Portobello Market -although admittedly it is-, this is not a hotel for those couples who have got used to each other and are convinced that they know everything there is to know about their partner, this IS a hotel where every bed, the mirrors, a lot of the baths -freestanding- are there to put in value the body, the beauty, the techniques, the softness of your lover...This is not a hotel for the half-hearted: if you are in two minds about who you are going to share a room with, stay somewhere else, anywhere. On the other hand, if you are totally besotted, feel you are the most fortunate person to be able to spend a night, a week-end, longer... with the person you are with, the Portobello is for you.A lot of the rooms overlook the gardens. In the morning you will be serenaded by the birds. You are in London, but you could be in a rural idyll. Everything in each of the three rooms I have stayed in is intended for your comfort. Remember Louis Aragon: &quot;Le monde n'est qu'un lit immense et pour nous deux trop etroit&quot; The Portobello attempts to see to that, and quite successfully.	
Apr 22 2007 	great location	We stayed for two nights in one of the Moroccan rooms on the top floor. To be honest we don't usually spend this much money on a hotelroom but were charmed by its boho chic and roll n roll image. We had a great stay, the hotel staff were friendly, helpful and polite but by no means fawning as in some 5* establishments. Our room was a little smaller than expected, but it was pretty gorgeous and the hugefreestanding bath was special. Breakfast was great - continental and delivered to your room although I agree with some of the other comments on this site it is really pushing it to charge £15 extra fora full English and seems 'cheap' when you have spent a couple of hundred on a room for the night.The location swung it for us. We had not been to this area of London before and loved walking around the leafy avenues. There are great shops, delis, markets, bars etc. We would definately recommend Juliesfor a meal - although make sure you get good directions from the hotel. Portobello Gold and Visible (although so dark its not!) are a couple of good bars on Portobello Road but to be honest there are loads.In summary - I think you are paying for the name and reputation at this hotel. The themed rooms are a bit special and may be worth it for the wow factor but I wouldn't bother with a 'normal' room. The prices don't justify it.Incidently Portobello Gold just up the road has small rooms for £70 and a two floor roof terrace maisonette apartment with a roof garden for £140 a night! Similar great location .....	
Apr 20 2007 	Loved this hotel wanted to take the bath home	My boyfried booked the round room as a birthday suprise, i was a little concerned at the previous reviews and was slightly worried before we arrived. Shouldnt have bothered as it was absolutely gorgeous, the room was unique with round bed, tented drapes above the bed and in a slightly recessed area of the room was an amazing antique bath, big enough for two with lots of room to spare, there was a also a small bathroom with shower and toilet. We had a beautiful little balcony, it was baking hot so lovely to open doors on to it and a lovely view of the private gardens in Stanley Sq. The staff were very polite and helpful, especially when my partner was trying to book the room originally, thanks to Gloria for recommending this room. A yummy breakfast ( english, yes it's £15 but its huge, with lovely produce and well cooked) we had the breakfast room to ourselves at 10.30 on a Sunday morning.I can only comment on this room as didnt see any others and this was one of the more pricey ones, but well worth it, we have been all over and the Portobello was overall one of the nicest stays we have had, totally original and memorable and very romantic. Ate at Julies, food was ok, not overpriced, but setting was lovely in the outside courtyard.	
Apr 19 2007 	Perfect Honeymoon Hotel  Best night of the whole trip	We spent our honeymoon in London and Paris. As a young couple, we had to watch the budget. This was our splurge for the trip. The hotel is perfect, service amazing, and the view of the garden is breath taking. Our room had a round bed and a 6-foot tub. It was so romantic. The next morning I woke up and walk a couple blocks to Portibello Road, where you can find everything. I spent all morning, tasting breads ad walk the 12-13 blocks of farmers market, picking up a few bobbles to take home. We have made a promse to go back in 10years and stay for 5 days instead of 2. Anytime my new husband is on my nerves, I close my eyes and remeber his perfect face in that room, so proud that he found a perfect way to say I love you.	
Nov 29 2006 	Never again	The website for the hotel could be for a different hotel!! The rooms are very very tiny and the bathroom was hideous...the toilet and shower room was more like an aeroplane toilet. God help you if you are carrying a few extra pounds. I love shabby chic hotels but this hotel needs a complete refurb,from the bar in basement (which is as big as Del Boy Trotters bar) to the breakfast room, bedrooms and bathrooms.I think the hotel thinks they can charge the room rate they do due to being in Notting Hill but the rate doesn't reflect the hotel. They need to become aware of the fact that people expect a great service and atmosphere for their money not just be in the right postcode.	
Nov 3 2006 	The room looked NOTHING like the website!	We were very disappointed by the TINY TINY room they gave us. The bathroom was laughably small - you really had to maneuver to shut the door (and I'm a small woman). It was really hot when we were there - of course that's no fault of the hotel, but we were facing the street and so it got noisy when we opened the window.It was just really expensive for what we got. Your room will look nothing like the website. It will just be a tiny room of standard hotel furniture.The only good thing I have to say is the staff was very nice.	
Nov 1 2006 	Not a boutique hotel	This hotel has no resemblance to its website! The hotel is shabby, dark and old fashioned and needs a complete overhaul. The room we were in looked like it belonged to a rural B&amp;B - the showerroom was the smallest I've seen in my life with a hand basin instead of one you can wash your face in! There were no stylish features in our room, the corridors or the breakfast room and £15 for an English breakfast is more than cheeky! The location is great and the front desk staff were very personable, but those are the only two things going for this hotel. £200 per night for this hotel is way overpriced - £60 per night would be more fitting!	
Oct 10 2006 	Shabby cheek!!!!	My girlfriends and I have a joint bank account that we pay £15 a month into by direct debit, and then once a year we meet up and spend our lolly on an extravagant weekend, quite often in a hotel in London with a nice meal out.3rd time round, timed to celebrate one of the girls' imminent weddings (which she had flown back from New Zealand for) we opted for 'The Portobello Hotel' and dinner at 'Julie's.' Having previously stayed in the wonderful 'Covent Garden Hotel' the previous year, we were all sorely disappointed with the Portobello.I imagine that some of the rooms must be of adequate size and decorated to a good standard, but our 2 rooms were the shabbiest of chic that could be imagined. The carpets were filfthy. The units were falling apart and the mini-bar fridge looked like a student digs reject. The room just about fit the very springy (not in a good way) bed and the bathroom was so small that when I opened the door and walked in with my arm out-stretched to find the light switch, I hit the opposite wall.To make matters worse, when I checked in I was sent to the top of the stairs unassisted and told that our rooms were on the left. I opened the door and knocked a workman off his ladder who was fixing the lift. The carpets had been pulled back and I couldn't get the door fully open to even get to our room. Why didn't they think to tell me?Just as I had finished unpacking and was onto worrying about what everyone else would think when they arrived, I was asked to move to another room.It just went on really. When I spoke to front desk about the rooms and asked if there were any others that we could swap to - even pay extra money for, as it was a special occasion and that the photos they publicise are misleading - I was told that they had not had complaints before and had nothing else available. They also said they were unable to offer any sort of compensation.The saving grace was our wonderful meal at 'Julie's' (owned by the same people as the Hotel) and the actual area itself.If you are considering paying this sort of money and are looking for something special, I would recommend looking at availabilty for 'The Covent Garden Hotel' first and then getting a cab to 'Julie's'.	
Sep 15 2006 	Beautiful Luxury	Stayed at the Portobello during September 2006 and it was a fantastic stay.There are different themed rooms, and I am glad we chose the 4 poster bed room -with a bed so high that you need a step to get into it!Room was perfect with fresh coffee, cookies etc. Room came with a massive square tv, large lounge and a private balcony overlooking the shared gardens below!Bathrooms had both a large bath and a separate shower, and lots of room.Service was great at every stage from when we first checked in, to ordering us numerous taxis, to the breakfast the next day.While the Portobello is slightly expensive (between £240 and £300), is it well worth the expensive, and I will definitely be returning.	
Jul 13 2006	Great Hotel Great Area	We stayed for 2 nights at the Portobello Hotel and we're really glad we stayed here. The first night was my birthday and we went to Julie's Restaurant which is only about a 10 minute walk away - highly recommend it. The room was lovely and I disagree with some of the other reviews that it needs updating, I found it all added to the charm of the place. The only thing that my partner and I didn't like about this hotel was the breakfast. The Continental Breakfast is included in the price, but the Full English is not - they charge £15 each for this. At £200 per night, we found this to be a little cheeky, to say the least!	
Jun 25 2006 	Great Location  Great Service  needs a bit more TLC	Stayed for 2 nights in June after stating 1 night in May , absolutely amazing location in leafy west London . Staff are brilliant , helpful and willing to sort anything and we did love the hotel but it needs a little love and care , lift was broken and we were on the 4th floor ( it had been broken in May as well ) the carpets are a litttle threadbare and the rooms a little too poky but dont get me wrong everyone should try a little boho glamour at least once in the Portobello	
Feb 17 2006 	On the shabby side of chic	I was really excited when my friend dropped me off for my stay at the Portobello - but the extremely diminuative dimensions of my room brought me swiftly to ground - quite simply the smallest hotel room I've ever seen. And definitely on the shabby side. You could feel every spring in the mattress, and it took a concious effort of will to walk barefoot on the grubby carpet. Lot's of road noise too. But ... this hotel does have style, the breakfast room is tres cute, the room service meal I had was great, yummy chocolates on the bed,the bathroom was clean, nice linens, the location is good - my verdict - give it a whirl if you are able to get a discounted rate.	
Jan 10 2006	Wonderful Place	After much searching for the perfect London hotel - centrally located and quiet - I decided to stay at The Portobello and I will never regret that decision. The hotel was lovely as was all of the staff. In fact, the day my friend and I arrived our room was not ready for us so we were upgraded for the night in our own separate rooms complete with sunken bathtubs. I would definitely stay here again!The only compaint I have is that the bathrooms are very, very small and it impossible to bend over the sink and wash your face without hitting your head on the wall in front of you but the friendly staff and clean/comfortable rooms made up for it.	
Jan 3 2005	Nice hotel	Nice hotel in a nice location. We just stayed there for one night at the Japanese Room which is underground and has its own patio. The bed was super comfortable and the furniture in the bedroom very nice. The spa bathroom in this Japanese Room is amazing!!! Only one bad thing that coincides with another review. The staff has some kind of weird arrangement with a taxi company. The taxi wanted to charge us 75 pounds to Heatrow when a black cab charges you 45 pounds including luggage.Bare in mind that this is an expensive hotel that will cost you 240 pound per night including continental breakfast.	
Oct 8 2004	so much character its beautiful	I really cant believe all the things i've just read.I have already stayed at the portobello 3 times this year. My boyfriend and I love it so much we stay in a different room everytime we have a special occasion.First was the round bed room and it was so romantic, it made me blush as soon as I entered the room at the thought of what the night would bring.Second was the oriental room. The mirror above the bed really is something special, even if the sight of yourself first thing in the morning is a little scary.And thirdly was the japanese room.It was so beautiful. Having our own private patio was great as the weather was warm.the spa bath was amazing also.I admit that the rooms are a little on the small side, but you are staying in a hotel, not living in this room. It is romatic, beautiful, individual and a wonderful place to stay.I would recomend the portobello hotel to anyone.	
Sep 29 2004 	What a great hotel!	This is a charming hotel! The decor is warm and inviting. Though the rooms are small, they are lovely and ultra clean, and a fresh comforter is put on the bed daily. I was thrilled to return to my cozy nest each evening. The staff was very helpful, the service great, and the neighborhood is terrific. I plan to return and can't wait to try one of the special rooms!	
Jun 16 2004	How much the pictures can lie...	After some serious websearching last winter for perfect and luxurious hideaway in London for our short honeymoon, we ended up doing the biggest mistake of booking this hotel's Moroccan Room for 10 nights. Even though my husband and I have both visited London on several occasions, have we never come across such terribly small room for that amount of money (£200 per night). There was no bed (just a mattress on a box of somekind)and at first we thought there was no toilet, but then discovered that what we took to be a small cupboard was indeed a toilet/shower room. In the end of the so called bed was a small sofa that bloked the way so that every time you tried to get to bed (or the bathtub), you hit your foot into it.The first we arrived, it was as cold inside as it was outdoors and after a night's restless sleep with all our clothes on (remember, this was our honeymoon, so even more so disappointing ;-) we finally found the heat control switch. Little good it did us, once we got back from town in the evening, the cleaning lady had turned it down to +15 degrees celcius again and the room was once again freezing. And this happened every evening after that.The lady someone mentioned in the reviews earlier must still work in the hotel, because I could identify her immediately after reading the review. The quality of service was only saved by the lovely young men who served breakfast and did the room service.And one more thing... it takes more than two kelim-cushions to call the room Moroccan-style!Avoid the pokey little room 46 if you're still intended to go &amp; stay in this hotel.	
Mar 22 2004	Bad hotel. Worse attitude	My husband and I were looking forward to our two nights at The Portobello after reading so many good reviews about it. How disappointed we were! We had booked into the Japanese Room, which the receptionist told us was in the basement. She would neither offer to help us down the steep staircase with our large case or show us to our room. We were told &quot;someone&quot; would do this downstairs. However, when we got downstairs we were waved in the direction of our room and then ignored. To say our room was a disappointment is an understatement! It was cheaply decorated and not in the least bit &quot;Japanese&quot;, for ?260 a night we expected a great deal more. The one redeeming feature of The Portobello is its location, it is surrounded by friendly pubs and some good restaurants. At the end of our stay we asked for a cab but were told this would cost us an extra ?5.80 on top of the fare, but they couldn't explain why! It is sad to say that the Portobello now believes it's own hype. The staff were unfriendly and arrogant, and the accomodation completely below standard. Our advice to anyone considering staying at The Portobello is: save your money for somewhere which will appreciate your custom!	
Mar 9 2004	My favorite small Hotel in London	Wonderful, fun, funky rooms, great staff, got a wonderful upgrade, great brunch, accomodating, just plain awesome. Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 27 2004	Exclusivity in a Perfect Location!	I was taken to the Portobello Hotel for my birthday last year and had the most romantic experience. The hotel is situated on a quiet road just away a short walk from the buzzing Portobello market. It has the character of Nottinghill coupled with the sophistication of a top class boutique hotel. I was impressed with the bedroom (Colonnial Room) which had a raised level bathroom with a sauna and jacuzzi. The bedroom furniture was totally original and gave the room real character. The breakfast experience was a memorable one, in a large sunlit room with high-ceilings and excellent service. In the evening we dined at the restaurant &quot;Julies&quot; which was a few minutes walk from the hotel but had great character and style. I would highly recommend this hotel and look forward to returning myself one day...!!!charming sophisticated hip romantic	
Dec 4 2003	Lovely but shame about Mrs Moody Chops	We stayed here for a couple of nights in the Round Room with the &quot;Victorian Bathing machine&quot;. Everything about the stay was wonderful - except one incredibly stroppy woman at the reception desk who seemed to think you were taking up her time just by checking in! I think she may even be the owner!! I vowed I would mention it in a review because it was made the difference between a wonderful stay and one marred by that memorable disappointment. In this service oriented business I just dont understand how staff can fail to understand the importance of ATTITUDE.	
Sep 2 2002	Unique	This is an utterly charming hideaway located in the increasingly popular Portobello area of London. The hotel offers a thoroughly unique experience with every room being enchantingly different. We stayed in two rooms, one at the top of the house which was tradtionally decorated and very comfortable, but the second room really hit the spot. It featured a raised window seat, a gloriously comfortable bed with art deco mirrors both behind and above it, a rolltop bath in the bedroom and the smallest but most marvellously designed bathroom ever. We felt completely luxuriant for our two days in this room and the only regret was that they don't serve breakfast in bed! The breakfast room was a bit of a disappointment and also the fact that there is no restaurant on site. We would have happily spent most of our time in the hotel if the facilities had been better. But then again when you're within walking distance of many wonderful restaurants and sights, perhaps it's enough to just return to a wonderful bed at night.	
