Oct 22 2009 	Stay away- Well away !!!!!!!!	On viewing the room it was dirty, inches of dust, battered furniture, foul smelling, dirty stained linen, filthy curtains, stained carpets. En-suite disgusting. The photos on the website are very misleading and does not represent the actual. Management very unhelpful. This hotel does not deserve any quality star rating. WARNING - THIS HOTEL IS A HEALTH RISK !!!	
Apr 14 2009 	AVOID AVOID AVOID	This is the most disgusting place. We were show a shabby tired room, no way are the website photos the same hotel. There was an old wardrobe would not shut, stains on the bedspead, but what really made us leave was the faeces in the toilet and all over the toilet brush. The toilet would not flush and someone had put toilet cleaner over the whole mess, the brush I presume had been used to try and get rid of everything. No way is this 3 star at best I would say a very poor B &amp; B or doss house. Went elsewhere and were told by front counter they had advised the booking agency to refund our money. Still waiting. One point in each box because site would let me do otherwise, I would prefer a zero score.	
Jan 23 2009 	A Very Pleasant Stay	The hotel is ideally situated for sight-seeing. We were greeted with a smile! Very pleasant and helpful staff throughout. The room was adequate, clean and tidy. But the bathroom was very cramped. There is no lounge area or bar. English breakfast was adequate and nicely cooked with plenty of toast and coffee/tea. In our particular room it was very quiet at night, therefore experienced a good night's sleep. All in all a very pleasant 3 night stay. Good value for money considering London prices. Would visit again.	
Sep 5 2008	Awful just forget it	I completely agree with Kiwis on the 9/8-08. We expirienced just the same. We booked on the Normandie Hotel, but we could not stay there because of a dirty and filthy room. Because of this we were sent to Pacific Hotel, and were offered a room on the ground floor where we expirienced that it was impossible to sleep because of heavy trafic 24 hours a day. These hotels are probably owned by the same people, and we expirienced the samt lack of service both on the Normandie and on the Pacific. The room was terrible, bathroom small and filthy and the breakfast was terrible. Fawlty Towers (John Cleese) is a 6 star hotel compared to Pacific Hotel. Should never be called a hotel. Rather a bed &amp; breakfast, or rather only a bed. STAY AWAY FROM THIS &quot;HOTEL&quot;.	
Aug 9 2008 	stay well clear of this hotel	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms were generally filthy, the shower and toilet were digusting and stunk of sewerage, we had no hot water (when complained of this the owners did nothing, not even an apology), blankets were stained and filthy, no tea or coffee making facilities, owners very unhelpful and didn't care when we complained about these issues. My husband and I are very hardened travellers and stayed in many places all round the world but this hotel is by far the worse. In fact this is the first review I have ever written and this is because I have never felt so strongly disgusted about accomodation before, other travellers need to be aware!The worst part however, is that we never even booked into this hotel, we had booked into the Normandie Hotel about 30 metres down the road, but when we arrived there, they said our room had been allocated in this rather downgraded disgusting place. Apparently it is owned by the same owners. I complained about this too, but once again the owners of the Normandie hotel did not care. We had also booked 2 rooms, as we were travelling with another couple and they too were put into another hotel again, meaning that we had all separated. Unfortunately we had pre-paid for the hotel because we booked it through expedia, so we were unable to get our money back and go somewhere else. My advise is simply, just don't even consider this hotel, it really is disgusting, you can get far better accomodation for the same price elsewhere.	
Mar 4 2008 	Think Twice!!!	We had a 2 night stay at the begining of March. 3 couples in 3 rooms. All the rooms were dirty with hairs in the drawers, an old pair of underwear in one. The bathrooms were old and had mould in the showers, they were very compact. There was a TV and telephone but no kettle or drink facilities. When my wife got ill they kindly provided a kettle etc.The windows are single glazed sash, with large gaps which make them rattle in the night. my friends room was on the ground floor and they had traffic noise all night and they could feel the tube train passing underneath!Breakfast was an experience! Not enough tables and service with attitude. 2 well fried eggs, a sausage, a half cooked rasher of bacon and a teaspoon of beans. The toast was the best. If you want a cheap hotel and wont be in much it may be ok but I would pay more next time and stay somewhere better.	
Aug 16 2007	Bad Experience	I would not recommend this hotel and would not rate it a 3 star. Location is on a very busy street and very noisy. No fans or AC in the rooms so if you want any air in the room you have to keep the window open hence the loud noise from the street. Due to some renovation, paint fumes along with cigarette smoke smells were heavy in the hallways and rooms. When we went to the breakfast room at the time breakfast should have started being served, the staff was just getting in so we had to skip breakfast to get to the airport. For what we paid for these rooms, we did not get our money's worth.	
May 10 2007	Stay Away	Single rooms are extremely noisy from buses turning and accelerating. Windows shake and earplugs useless.Went down to cancel room after 2 days and owner was yelling at a telephone caller for calling too many times - all incoming calls are through the front desk.When I canceled he tried to keep the tax portion on the remaining days (15%VAT) and did not know how to credit my card. I had to yell a lot to get the full refund (I did not use an agency).Also there is no WiFi in range of the rooms.There are many other great, kind, professional hotels owners in the area like the St. David, which I switched too.	
Feb 12 2007 	Quite decent for London	Okay, we booked and paid €100 through a German website for this 3 star hotel, and after a disasterous stay the previous year in a 2 star hotel, we were apprehensive: 'hoping for the best but expecting the worst'. Anyway, we got the best. Nice little reception area and a nice clean room that had been freshly painted. It was fairly/very small, but when you consider it probably used to be a maids room.....Anyway, we were only in London for 48 hours so we only wanted to shower and crash - which is exactly what we did. The bathroom was also very small, but good, and the shower had a big old shower head that instantly poured buckets of endless piping hot water over your head - FULL MARKS for the shower. 'Decent English breakfast ' (if you eat that sort of thing). The area is absolutely fantastic, hundreds of hotels, lots of resturants - but quiet! Very close to Hyde Park, friendly owner from Cypress. London is expensive, but I think for our money we were very happy. We are going back - no question!!	
Oct 20 2006 	Stay away...Far away	Upon checking in, was advised would be given a &quot;good&quot; room. the room smelled of mold and was not clean. The linens were threadbare and did not appear very clean either. The bathroom curtains were moldy.Despite the fact that the hotel is advertised as having a lift, the lift does not, in fact, go to the lower floor so if you have bags, be prepared to be your own porter.When leaving, heard the owner advising a potential guest that the rack rate of GBP 120 for a night at the Pacific was a &quot;good&quot; rate, when a quick scan of the rate at the nearby Hilton London Paddington (5-star) on Expedia was showing rates not much more that the &quot;good&quot; rate he was offering.Yes, London hotels are known to be pricy, but there are better deals out there.	
Feb 25 2009 	Camere indecenti spocizia topo in corridoio...un'esperienza terribile!		
Sep 11 2008 	Evitez cet hôtel !		
Sep 8 2008 	Réservez ailleurs		
Jun 16 2008 	ausreichendes Hotel für Londonkurzvisite		
