Nov 24 2009 	Clean and comfortable but dribbling shower	Hotel is very convenient - 2 mins from Pimlico Tube and less than 10 mins walk from Victoria mainline. No. 24 bus also goes past which goes on to Trafalgar Square and beyond. The road is reasonably quiet - the whole road is hotels and residential so no nightclubs to keep you awake.Room was very clean and neatly finished. Any smaller and it would have been cramped, but these sort of hotels are for sleeping in, not lounging about in all day.Bed comfortable: choice of hard or soft pillows which I've not seen elsewhere.Good picture on flatscreen LCD TV (not always the case) with the full range of Freeview channels.Shower very disappointing though. Hardly any pressure/flow - similar to a low powered electric one. If I'd been there a few days I would have mentioned it to the front desk.Breakfast OK - standard range of Kelloggs cereals, choice of breads and preserves, tea, coffee, juices. Exactly as expected and something of the &quot;USP&quot; for HI Express over Travelodge and other 'room only' offerings.As a London bed for the night, this is perfectly adequate. It's convenient (for transport and, as it happens, my London office), clean and quiet. Price was OK as well - I paid £117 for a fully flexible rate on the Government price, which I qualify for. Even cheaper rates were available on non-flexible advance purchase.	
Nov 17 2009 	Smaller than small	We spent 4 nights here sightseeing in London. The room though cleanwas so small that we had to store the suitcases in the bathroom and transferthem back into the room while showering. The location was good though muchcloser to Pimlico tube station than Victoria. Unfortunately, the lobby and bar wereunder renovations while we were there. The breakfast was adequate , again nothing special. I think this hotel would be fine for 1 or 2 nights but too small for anythinglonger. Next visit to London, I'll try somewhere else.	
Nov 8 2009 	OK but nothing fancy	We stayed here for 3 nights in October, my wife and I, and our teenage daughter sharing a room. The hotel is not fancy, but it was clean and reasonably comfortable, and there was a bit of room left to move around after the sofa bed was made up. The hotel is well situated close to Victoria station (even closer to Pimlico), and there are buses very close at hand. The breakfast provided by the hotel was adequate without being fancy, and the staff were pleasant and attentive whenever asked to do something. The only downside during our stay was when they closed off half the reception area for renovations, the half that had access to the cheap internet connection.	
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel smelt like a homeless hostel.	I booked this hotel direct by telephone on Friday 30th Oct 09, check in 1st Nov a double room for 1 night, and spoke with a member of staff who informed me the room was £89 including... Comp Breakfast and Internet access which for me was a steal, a little bit out of my chosen area but we had a car so it didn't matter. the internet was by far more important than locstion.When we arrived we were greeted at reception which I can only say was.......well a 0 star welcome. I handed over my card and was told what I had for my £89 and strangely enough internet not included. I asked for the manager who was pretending not to be the manager......... very funny, and neither the male receptionist nor the.... I'm not the manager would believe I had been informed the internet was included. I was told rather rudely if I was not happy there was a hotel down the road with free internet access in a shared room with other travellers for £40. I tried my best to explain to the 2 guys if you check the booking you will know exactly who had given me the original FALSE information (Strangely Mr I'm not the manager looked rather embarrassed in front of his colleauge who by the look on his face was feeling slighly uncomfortable.... his accent started to ring a bell with me!!! I was offered a cancellation but was so tired I decided to just go up to the room and put it down to a one off bad experience, as I have stayed in Holiday inns several times previous ...Not an express though.We went in the lift to the third floor and as the door opened the stench of an old un-washed vagrant waved over us!!!!!! needless to say we got out of there ASAPIf you fancy staying in an expensive smelly hostel I would reccommend The Holiday Inn London Victoria......Congratulations Guys Jurys Inn was great and only £10 extra with the internet.	
Oct 31 2009 	Overpriced budget hotel that doesn't deliver.	The location is pretty good as it is not far from Pimlico tube station and a short walk to the Thames. However there are lots of hotels on Belgrave Road and despite it being a budget hotel, this was an uncomfortable and overpriced hotel to stay in. Some of the staff were perfectly friendly and willing to help but I felt others had inadequate customer service training. For example, we were offered free drinks as we checked in early but had to ask 4 times before it arrived. The hotel itself wasn’t great. The reception bins were overflowing, the lifts were painfully slow (disabled travellers beware) and the corridors and stairwells were stifling. We were provided with a fan that didn’t work followed by a very dusty fan to cool ourselves. I resorted to leaving the window open. The layout of the room meant the space between the large desk at the window and the bed was minimal, making the desk pointless to sit and write on or use a laptop. The bathroom was clean and the shower was fine. There was quite a bit of dust on the cabinets and other wooden items in the room, but on the whole, the room was relatively clean. The beds in our small third floor room would have been comfortable, but getting sleep in this hot room was not easy.When we checked out, the luggage storage in reception was a few shelves in the corner behind the reception area. You could walk in off the street, pick a bag and walk off, no questions asked. I decided against using this facility. Breakfast is included in the price of the room and there was a choice of cereals, fruit and toast. Coffee and juice machines were available for drinks. I’ve stayed in budget hotels across England and they have been good experiences, but this certainly wasn’t one of them. I’ll opt for the Best Western across the street next time I’m in London.	
Oct 21 2009 	Room 208 is a nightmare!	Booked this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor and for its central location.The reception and bar are currently being renovated so the reception is, understandably, not quite as smart as you would normally expect.The rooms are small but pretty much what you would expect for the location. They are clean and of a good standard.However, room 208 seemed to have absolutely no sound proofing at all. The traffic on Belgrave Road started at about 5am and was extremely loud. I'm not a light sleeper but found it very difficult to get back to sleep due to the volume of the external noise.I'd booked this stay so that I would be fresh for a business meeting in the vicinity first thing in the morning but that certainly backfired!I'll be looking for alternative hotels for my next trip.	
Oct 14 2009 	Clean 	I stayed in the Victoria Express for 3 nights of a 7 night trip to London. I paid via a business travel agent and paid £150 per night.My flight landed very early &amp; I was lucky to find there was a room ready (apparently rare) &amp; the check in process was swift and as friendly as can be expected at that time of the morning!I had a room on the 3rd floor facing away from the main street so it was very quiet. I always prepare for rooms to be smaller in UK than what I get in Australia for the same rate, but I was still taken aback at the tiny size of the room. You can just get around the double bed. The bathroom was relatively roomy though, and the empty corner of the bathroom came in handy for storing my suitcase.While the room was fresh painted, the overall decor was tired, however the room &amp; ensuite were both spotlessly clean. The room's window opens, which is a blessing as the room had no aircon. I was glad it wasn't Summer; the room was very warm &amp; stuffy. I made immediate use of the provided plug-in table fan (&amp; each night I slept with both the fan on &amp; the window open).The bed was extremely comfortable and the standard continental breakfast of cereal, toast &amp; fruit is nothing exciting but it's included and does the trick.The Express Victoria is positioned as a base for business travelers &amp; whilst it's clean, central &amp; quiet, but I cant help thinking it's falling behind in this category. Most travelers would surely expect a work area (the room's portable 20cm TV was taking up the tiny desk), aircon in their room &amp; free Wifi.The room served its purpose, and if you need a room in Pimlico/Victoria 1 night or 2 to rest your head, consider it (just not in Summer). For more than 2 nights, there are better quality hotel rooms in this price category that are just a few tube stops away.	
Oct 10 2009 	Tiny hot rooms but value for money	The hotel was advertised as &quot;walking distance from the Buckingham palace and Victoria station&quot;. That is true, but this location is not central and for most other tourist spots in the city you'll have to take the tube (Pimlico tube station is ~300m from the hotel).The room itself is very small, and there is hardly any room to move around. The bathroom on the other hand is relatively large and clean. The water temperature in the shower is not stable and it can suddendly get hotter or colder.Although the temperature outside was ~15C the window was open and the heating was not working, it was very hot in the room, especially under the heavy blanket. The hotel does not have air conditioning so beware of it in the summer.The breakfast is very basic, but we felt it was good enough for us.Having said all that, the hotel is relatively inexpensive, so it can be described as &quot;value for money&quot;.	
Oct 9 2009 	Compact convenient with fabulous shower but overpriced	Very clean, comfy bed and pillows, modern bathroom with fabulous hand-held shower. The rooms are very small, as noted by other travelers, but they do have some handy storage cubbies and counter space in the bathroom. Our shower soap dispenser was empty the first night of our stay and the sink faucets were very difficult to turn on and off. After reporting both problems, the soap was refilled but faucets remained a problem. Mediocre continental style breakfast included. The prices fluctuate according to demand and can be overpriced at $135.00. WARNING: Don't ask them to get you a taxi for anywhere in London city. They called us a private taxi that would have cost us 20 pounds to go ten minutes away to a theater in the west end. We got out and hailed an official cab and ended up paying 12 pounds. The private taxi is a good deal only if going a long distance. For example, they will take you to Heathrow for only 45 pounds. We moved to a less expensive, larger room down the street at the Luna Simone that was 90 pounds a night. The breakfasts were better and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very clean and comfortable	On first impression this hotel is very compact; the room, although very clean and nicely decorated was tiny, there wasn't even enough room for an ironing board to be stored in the room and we had to go down to reception to get one. Once this was set up we couldn't move!!! There isn't any air conditioning so it was really hot, on checking with friends staying on the same floor they too complaned of the room temperature so it wasn't a one off. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly unlike the cleaning staff who came into a room at 9:00am while we were still in bed! As if this wasn't bad enought they knocked on our door again at 9:30am and again at 10:00am (check out wasn't until 11am!) The location is fantastic, just 2 minutes to Pimlico tube on the Victoria line. Breakfast was OK, ceral and coffee without a choice of a cooked breakfast. Overall a nice little hotel if you will only be in the room for a few hours and are not planning on staying more than one night.	
Sep 20 2009 	Just another Express hotel	I stayed in this hotel as my first choice was booked out. I chose this hotel after reading the reviews and getting an online booking confirmation that stated spacious work area, flat screen TV, coupled with the write up on the re-freshed boutique style, I thought I was onto a good thing.The staff are very pleasent and helpful. The hotel is small and clean. The Holiday Inn branding is noticable. However, on arrival, reality hit me, the room I was informed of was nothing but a std small room. I tried seriously to find another hotel but too short notice.Don't even think about mentioning your Priority Club card. Mines Platinum and they did not know what it was!	
Sep 5 2009 	litlle and sweet	very tidy and clean rooms and overall feeling.Rooms were very small but cosy. Breakfast was ok coffee,cerials toast etc. No egg's or bacon or nothing extra.Location was exellent short walk to underground and neigborhood was safe and clean.	
Aug 14 2009 	Should have found this before now!	Excellent effort from EBHI, welcoming courteous staff, allowed me to check-in early; room small, but fine/functional, not air con but good electric fan, shower pathetic, but can't fault anything else. Really handy for Victoria line at Pimlico. Room at back was nice and quiet...until 5am when the overnight flights started their final approach to Heathrow, right over the hotel - obvioulsy not the hotel's fault, but worth knowing!	
Aug 10 2009 	Clean and Quiet	Hotel was very close to Pimlico Tube and a hop from Victoria by cab. Room was quite small but clean and adequate for the one night I stayed. Bathroom very clean, just a shower no bath and lift to 4th floor no problem. Breakfast was continental style but good selection. Would definitely use again if in area.	
May 4 2009 	A real gem in London's city centre	I discovered this hotel through TripAdvisor and I'm so happy about the site and the previous reviews.I really enjoyed the stay. Top of the list: the service and the concierge desk, the location, the value-for-money.The service was excellent. Not intrusive, the people were very friendly and went out of their way to help with anything we asked them. They gave us great tips about nearby supermarkets, hotels and an excellent mailing service.The location was very good, even if it's actually closer to Pimlico station than Victoria. Nevertheless, it was an easy fifteen-minute walk to Victoria station.The room was small but very well equipped and had a fantastic view. We had asked for a quiet room and that's what we got. It was a bit warmer than I would have liked and that's probably the only shortcoming I can think of.In conclusion, I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone interested in a hotel that has a lot of amenities and very professional service, a place you can rely on, if you are not too big on character and atmosphere. Also, I wish it had free wi-fi access, which is the other thing I missed. For its price, it's an excellent choice.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good hotel	My wife and I spent 5 days in London, 4 nights at the HIE London Victoria htl. The location is great, very close to Pimlico Tube station and Victoria Station (train and Tube). Bus connections also available within short walk reach. The staff was polite and we had no problem in getting what we needed. We were given a quite spacious queen size bedded room on the second floor, equipped with a private bath in good conditions, tv set with pay tv (no lcd screen), tea-coffe maker, etc. We didn't use internet, but you can get connected by paying a daily fee. Breakfast was served in a rather small room on the lower ground level, but were satisfied with the food quality. In short, it is a good hotel in a central location at affordable price.	
Mar 29 2009 	Holiday Express Victoria ... Excellent choice	My wife and I have just returned from a 4 night stay, we asked for a quiet room and one at the rear of the hotel was provided although the traffic on Belgrave road is not at all noisy. Rooms are clean and soft beds provided a good nights sleep at least for me, but my wife disagrees on this one, also simple breakfast choice but eat as much as you want is included in price. Walking back to the hotel at night from the underground station we did not feel at all intimidated or threatened, the location is ideal. Also this hotel is in an excellent location for visiting all the main tourist attractions. Tate Britain, Houses of Parliament and the London Eye are just a 20-25 minute walk from hotel. We each purchased a £18.40 3 day travel card for unlimited use on the underground and buses within zones 1-2, considering a single journey cost each of us £4.00 from Kings Cross to Victoria then they are a bargain. Go to www.tfl.gov.uk for info. Tip! Use the Pimlico underground station just 5mins walk. If you want to visit Tate modern then show your travel card to get reduced ticket prices. There are many excellent restaurants just a few minutes walk away ranging from English Pub Grub, Fish and Chips, Turkish, Indian, Chinese you’re spoilt for choice. Go to www.toptable.com for some excellent restaurants. Warning don’t take your car, parking fee’s and congestion charging will leave you out of pocket.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great	We recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express London - Victoria. The actual suburb is Pimlico. It is a lovely well kept hotel. Lovely comfortable beds. Very small rooms but if you are looking for a hotel that is very close to Victoria Station and within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, actually most of the attractions of London this is the hotel for you. Lots of great little pubs and restaurants close by. Highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure.	
Mar 13 2009 	Unpleasant	One night, to catch an early train to Gatwick next morning. We left before breakfast so can't comment on that. The walls are so thin you can hear your neighbour's neighbour....The room was overheated, I didnt like it at all. I guess it is not a lot of money for the location but I would definitely try somewhere else next time. I felt sorry for the night porter; it didnt look as though he had any colleagues to allow him to take a break, and was still on duty when we checked out 8 hours after arriving. It is about 8 minutes to walk to Victoria Station	
Feb 27 2009 	Good Value for short stays	I stayed for one night in February 2009 on a business trip. For a hotel in London, it was good value. A colleague had a room on the fifth floor with great views of the London Eye. My room was on the second floor at the back of the hotel and pretty quiet - the only noise I noticed was from a local clock tower chiming (on the hour!). The room layout was fine for one - but a little tight for two if you want to spend more than a couple of days and have a lot of luggage. I guess it had been remodelled recently because it had a modern design, a very comfortable bed, a choice of pillows, a relatively spacious bathroom, and a generous shower with one of those very rare curtains that actually works and stops the bathroom floor flooding. The reception staff were friendly and effective. The only thing missing was free Wi-Fi access - but if you're desperate you can buy airtime by the hour or day. Overall I’d recommend this hotel for business travellers and those looking for a safe, convenient location for a short London break.	
Oct 22 2008 	Mind the Step	When looking for a hotel for a long weekend in London, we automatically checked the Express by Holiday Inn website. When it came down to it, we needed a family room to accomodate 4 of us and we didn't want to pay the extortionate prices a lot of hotels wanted from us. We had the choice between Hammersmith which was a bit further out than we wanted and Victoria.Looking at things Pimlico was our nearest tube station so changing at victoria for the 2 minute ride after we came from Paddington was quite easy. The first problem was which exit to go out of. Rayneman is the best exit and you cross the road by the library before heading straight past the shops and on to St George's Square and turning right. On the opposite side of the street a few seconds walk you will find the hotel at 106. It's clearly marked.The area is quiet and we felt extremely safe here. We did realise that we were in the flight path early one morning when someone left our window open overnight. But otherwise you heard the odd banging off doors but not much else.On entering the hotel as I did every time I walked in the front door, I tripped over the step. Check in was done efficently and quickly with everything explained easily. Our room was on the ground floor overlooking some flats. We could see a roof outside our room and further along the conservatory roof of the breakfast room. Our room was very spacious for an Express. We had a fold out sofa bed at one end and a proper double bed at the other. The toilet was just next to the double bed. The TV was facing the sofa bed which seemed a bit odd as we'd normally put the children in the sofa bed and watch tv. Tea and coffee facilities were provided but we never used them. The bathroom wasn't your usual express layout. This one didn't have the door which made the toilet area more private. The shower was ok and the space was bigger than we have had in the past at other hotels. Overall it was all very clean and tidy.Breakfast is held 7.30-10.30am on weekends and 7-10am on week days. Breakfast room is very small and in the basement. The steps down were a bit narrow and there was a minor step to the top of these stairs which you had to watch incase you fell down. The tables are a bit squashed. There was a range of 4 cereals, 2 types of bread, croissants and a couple of pastries. Some yoghurts and grapefruits were available with some fresh fruit such as apples, pears or oranges. They also had some small rolls one morning. We did hear someone ask if they had something else and being told that if it wasn't on the shelf then there was none left. There was a bar next to reception with a small lounge area. Staff were attentive and helpful everytime we went. There was a vending machine but we advise using one of the shops down the street for water and snacks. The internet access was £1 for 10 minutes and painfully slow. We gave up attempting to check in for our flight as it was taking too long. Staff were helpful at telling you how to get places and the best routes to take. Overall as a base to be in London we found this location to be ideal and that the tube service was very good and quicker than we have had in previous stays around London. The victoria line gives easy access to anywhere and I would recommend this as a base to anyone who is looking for a quiet safe area to stay in.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good location	We wanted a hotel within walking distance of Victoria Station, and thought it safer to opt for a recognised chain, as some London privately owned hotels can be a bit substandard.The HI Express was about 10-15 minutes from the station (5 minutes from Pimlico Underground), along a pleasant road, which consisted mainly of a selection of hotels.Check-in was friendly, and there was no problem about the fact it was only just after midday. We had a room on the 5th (top) floor, at the back, with views across South London and Battersea Power Station. The room was very quiet, - in fact we began to wonder if the hotel was empty. Our room was small but comfortable, and I was particularly pleased we could open the windows fully for fresh air. Throughout our stay the staff were always very friendly and helpfulThe only grumbles were the a) lack of power in the shower. At times it was more like a dribble - possibly a result of being on the top floor. and b) the size of the breakfast room in the basement. We were fairly early, and managed to find a table, but there were guests milling around waiting for people to finish and leave so they could sit down. It was also a bit hot there when it was full of people.Location wise the hotel was perfect. The 24 bus went past the door, giving direct links to Westminster, Victoria, and Trafalgar Square. We were able to walk to Pimlico tube, and also to Tate Britain and the river. There were numerous restaurants within walking distance, ranging form small independent ones to chains such as Zizzi, Prezzo, and Garfunkles. The area felt very safe, even after dark.It may not have been the cheapest deal in the area, but it was exactly what we had expected.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great Value	You cannot beat this hotel for value. You get a clean, comfortable, though small, room and breakfast. The location is quiet for London and a very pleasant place to be. It is walking distance from Victoria station, though not if you are carrying luggage. The staff were extremely helpful, particularly for a budget hotel. Breakfast was standard HI Express and breakfast room was light and bright. A great choice for a London base and terrific value.	
May 22 2008 	Good Value in pleasant location	For an mid-week business stay at £90 the hotel lived up to expectations. Belgravia Road is a pleasant terrace of, mainly, hotels and the area is pleasant and feels safe. Pimlico Tube Station is 5 mins walk and Victoria is about 10 mins. Facilities are, as you'd expect for HIX, fairly basic but theres a good choice of restaurants and pubs in a 5 min radius and lots more if you walk as far as Victoria station.No Aircon. The windows open but then traffic noise can then be a problem. I had a single on the 5th floor which felt a bit like the servants quarters and had a TV which was small enough to be a Sat Nav! Slow lift. Overall however it was OK.Breakfast in a basement breakfast room was adequate although I've seen better at HIX.At the right rate this would make an excellent tourist hotel - quiet area and close to main train/busstation and Tube.	
Jan 20 2008 	Decent	The Holiday Inn Express Victoria is average. Traveling on a budget, our options for accomodations in London were limited but felt confident that this hotel would meet our needs. We arrived at the hotel around 1am and were greeted by a friendly man. The room was clean but worn. The bed didn't invite a cozy nights sleep, the sheets were stained and the bed was a little saggy. The bathroom was clean and practical. Our room was facing Belgrave Road, but we were not bothered by noise on the street at all. The location is not ideal, but works if people are willing to use public transportation to get in to the city or walk longer distances to see sights. We opted to walk everywhere and were about 3 miles from Big Ben and Westminster Abbey. All in all, the hotel was decent but wouldn't go back to stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Good value for money!	Excellent location, good value for money and nice, clean room.I will probably stay here again the next time I am in London.I didn't try the hotel breakfast, as the area is full of excellent cafes.	
Sep 16 2007	Great location but noisy	This hotel is a short walk to Victoria Station and very convenient to all London touristy sights. Its in a quieter neighborhood and we found Belgravia to be just charming.However, we had a first floor room and the second night when the upstairs guests checked in it sounded like a herd of elephants were above us. Every time they walked it was so loud I was up all night. I was not impressed with that.Overall the service was wonderful, breakfast was sufficient and the staff was helpful with directions and information. I would recommend this.	
Aug 3 2007 	great value	Spent two nights here on the way back home. Convenient location on Belgrave Rd. just a 10 minute walk from Victoria station. Pimlico underground station is just around the corner. Just a short walk to Buckingham. Very quiet for a main street - and nicer than I expected so close to Victoria. Rooms are very small, but so are all in London unless you pay a fortune. Hardly enough room to walk around the beds. Very clean. Coffee/tea maker in the room. Portable fan in the summer is a lifesaver - no A/C. Grocery and restaurants two blocks over. Continental breakfast inclulded - standard bread, cereal and yogurt selections. Staff is helpful. Best of all, there was an ice machine in the lobby - a rare treat.	
Jul 24 2007 	Convenient location very friendly staff	I stayed here 7 years ago and I thought the location was excellent. I needed to find a hotel relatively close to Victoria Station this time I flied into London. I had to fly from Venice's Marco Polo into London's Gatwick and needed to catch the Gatwick Express to go to Victoria Station. From Victoria Station, it took me 10 minutes to walk to the hotel with luggage. I felt that was convenient enough so that I did not need to deal with the cab drivers. I agree with other traveler's that the rooms are kind of small. I had a twin room. The bathroom was comparatively big. It was a clean and quiet residental section of London. I arrived at 6 pm and the fact that there was no air-conditioning got me a bit. Other than that, I had no problem with my stay. Continental breakfast was served with crossiants, yogarts, toast and cheese.The front desk staff was super friendly. I needed to check in online for my flight the next day and I did not have a printer. The staff helped me checkin my flight and print all my boarding passes. Then she arranged an airport transfer for me. All these came unexpected in a good way.I have been very pleased with my stay and I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Jun 10 2007 	Enjoyed the stay but would not return unless I had to	I travel alot and use Holiday Inns regularly, so know the formular, but a few pointers on this one. Location ok, tube access ok, now for the gripes, no cooling so the windows have to be left open and if your room is on the back the people in the garden can be noisy and go to bed late. My room had a soil stack in it, which let some odd odours into the room, the bar has only larger.Not one of the best, but acceptable.	
Jun 10 2007 	Adequate for my business trip	As a single woman travelling alone on a business trip, I found this hotel adequate for my needs. The room was big enough, double bed, a sofa bed and a small open wardrobe. My room didn't have any view at all and there was quite a lot of noise from the rooms above but this wasn't important to me as I was out most of the day anyway. The hotel was clean and nicely decorated, although it is starting to look a little shabby. It has a good location and is within walking distance of some of the main attractions in London. Near train, bus, tube stops. Lots of eating places nearby too.	
Apr 29 2007 	Small but mostly sufficient	I shared a twin room with a friend for one night, whilst attending a concert in London. The hotel is situated on a quiet residential road, and in a front-facing room I noticed no disturbance from passing traffic.Staff were helpful enough, and available when required, but did not appear to make any particular effort to be welcoming or friendly.The room itself was very small, but adequate for a single night's stay. It was clean, and the beds were comfortable.My main complaint would be with the shower - no power at all, and not much heat either. I don't think it too much to ask that one should be able to wash one's hair in comfort, but this was not possible here. However, the bathroom was clean, and soap, shower gel etc were provided.Breakfast, although hard to locate, was perfectly sufficient, with a wide choice, and there were staff on hand at all times.All in all, there was nothing much wrong with this hotel as a place for an over-night stop, but I wouldn't want to stay there any longer than that.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great and inexpensive	This is a great hotel situated in a quiet residential district in London. Close to the Pimlico tube station it is an easy 10 minute trip into central London's main attractions. Close enough yet far enough away that it is nice and quiet. We stayed in the family suite which is adequate for sleeping a family of 4, a little tight for our luggage however we managed just fine. The front desk staff were extreemly helpful and accomodating. The continental breakfast which was included in the price was a terrific start to a day of touring with 2 young children.	
Mar 11 2007 	OK if you're a heavy sleeper	Stayed here on a business trip - the reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful and kindly arranged numerous cabs for our party of nine. The bedroom was small but fine - some people may have been disappointed by the size but it wasn't a problem for one night. Overall my stay would have been absolutely fine apart from the noise - the windows are single glazed so every car going past is heard, which is amplified once you have the television off and are trying to sleep (this carried on throughout the night). Also as well as hearing the person above me walking around I could also clearly hear the bed creaks, footsteps and television of the room next door!If you are a heavy sleeper this won't affect you and you should have a relatively pain-free stay. If you're a light sleeper then consider taking ear plugs.	
Mar 1 2007	Good location	Stayed for one night in room 303 which is at the front of the building overlooking the main road.It's a 5 minute walk from Pimlico Underground. A number of small shops and cafe/pubs nearby for snacks, takeaways,alcohol and soft drinks, Area was fine and I felt safe walking there alone although I didn't venture out in the evening.Check in was efficient and we were allowed to check in at 11am. Reception had info leaflets, internet access and fax facility and a very small bar area.Room was small (about 10ft x 12ft in the main sleeping area) but clean. Extra pillows were provided. There was a small TV and a desk with desk light, small travel kettle with tea and coffee including decaff coffee.Bathroom was also quite compact but adequate. The shower cubicle was quite spacious given the size of the room. Lux and Dove shower and handwash products were provided. The shower didn't exactly deliver a powerful drenching flow but it was hot.Some noise was apparent from the road in the afternoon and early morning (5.30am) but it was quiet during the night. The room upstairs had a very creaky floor and I could track the occupants movements. Fortunately they didn't walk around much!Breakfast is served in the basement and is a continental self service set up. (Croissants, jam, cheese, yoghurt, toast with 2 self service toasters, cereal, tea, coffee, juice) There was seating for approx 38 people and although it was fine when we visited I think it might possibly get busy at some times.It is a reasonable enough motel style no frills hotel, adequate for just a night. Delivers what I expected.	
Jan 8 2007 	Good location	We stayed here for one night on New Year's Eve. We wanted to be within walking distance of the London Eye to see the firework display. The hotel is within 5mins walk of Pimlico tube station. We were very lucky as our 5th floor room had a view of the Eye and Big Ben. The room was clean, and an adequate size. The staff were friendly.The only real moan is breakfast- the room is way too small to cope and we were asked to come back in 10 mins. We said no, because there was no guarantee there would be a free table then. As we left, a queue was forming. We grabbed a couple of croissants and pots of yoghurt and took them back to our room. The croissants were terrible though, really stale and chewy.That said, this hotel is in a good location within 15-20mins walk of Westminster, and less than 10mins from the Tate, so I would recommend it- just don't get too excited about breakfast!	
Dec 13 2006 	You get what you pay for.	The Good bits:Clean, Quiet, Good location, (Pimlico Tube - 3 mins, Victoria Tube/Bus station - 10 mins). Not So Good:Room Small, they supply a luggage rack, but there's nowhere to place it. There is no air con, but not a problem in December. The Heating is OK. Breakfast room too small &amp; overcrowded, but the buffet is OK. Overall - no unpleasant surprises. If you have stayed in a Holiday Inn Express then you will know what to expect. Would stay there again.	
Nov 22 2006 	Basic but does the job	This hotel is pretty basic, but is in an excellent location. One stop on the tube from Victoria makes it very convenient for Gatwick travellers. It can be a bit noisy, and as there isn't any air con, you often need to leave your windows open. But for less than £100, in a decent location and always clean, this hotel is fine. The girls on reception are also very helpful.	
Oct 7 2006 	It was a bed	It was clean but not air conditioned and very warm. Mattress was thin and lumpy. Nice shower but rest of accomodation not up to USA standards.	
Sep 8 2006 	So small and hot	Managed to find a meter outside so I could unload car. Hotel very hot, worlds slowest lift to take me 4 floors to worlds smallest room. Small single bed with about a foot surrounding it to each wall.Hotel generally clean and breakfast was basic but okay (and free). Given the rate I paid I wouldn't say this was value for money.Booked this hotel as Holiday Inn normally a good chain, but this one well below par.	
Jul 18 2006	Nice Hotel - great area	The Holiday Inn Victoria in London is a very good quality hotel, centrally located just two stops on the tube from Green Park and a ideal base for tourists or business people on a limited budget. Reservation staff are friendly and informative, roooms are clean and comfortable, a small but adequate bar area and a spacious breakfast room with a varied continental breakfast included in your room rate. There is a real community feel to the area and there are a number of old fashioned English pubs within walking distance serving meals and drinks at reasonable prices.The real advantage is the location is the nearby tube - approximately 3 minutes, connects with all of the major tourist and business areas of London. As a frequent visitor I would recommend this area over the well advertised but inferior hotels in the Paddington / Earlscourt area where most of the bargain hotels are dumps only fit for demolition.This is a good value product from Holiday Inn, excellent standard , reasonable rates and suitable for all kinds of visitor to London.	
Jul 11 2006 	Perfic For The Job	This is a good hotel for the price. I stayed in a single room which was big enough, I have stayed in smaller rooms in London for a higher prices, it was clean and tidy and everything worked fine. The staff were friendly and keen to help. I think the bad reviews stem from people who expected this hotel to be part of the holiday experience, in this respect it cant compete. It is however EXCELLENT for anyone going to London for short stays and just needs a place to sleep. Basically it is a typical 3 star hotel, clean, tidy and does the job.	
May 16 2006 	A good base for reasonable prices (for London !)	I stayed here for three nights mid week for a business trip. The main reason for my choice was that the location suited me and the price was reasonable by London standards.The hotel is in Pimlico which I thought was a nice part of London. It is only about 10 minutes walk from Victoria train station and less than 5 minutes walk to Pimlico underground station, which is literally around the corner. The area is quiet with smaller hotels and residential housing but still close to bars and restaurants. From Pimlico tube station you are only a few stops from Central London e.g. Oxford Street.The hotel was a classic three star hotel chain standard. Clean and comfortable (but not that big) with standard features. My room was really quiet and I had great nights sleep there (which can be difficult to get in city hotels). This is really just a base. I spent little time in the hotel and with London city on your doorstep why would you want to be stuck in a hotel. I found the staff friendly and efficient. Overall this is a clean and efficient hotel in a good area of London with good links to the transport systems. Good for business and tourists alike but maybe not for a romantic weekend if you are trying to impress someone !!	
Apr 29 2006 	Matchbox	Stayed in this hotel whilst on business in London. Previous experience of HIEX was that they indeed were cheap but also comfortable. This was not the case at this hotel. The staff on arrival were dismissive to confirming my payment for the booking from my corporate travel agent. When I offered to pay by cheque I was told that HIEX didnt accept cheques, I later found out they did.The room was so small it was embarrasing to move around without bumping into my partner with every trip to the toilet. Bedside tables collapsed when items were placed on them (coffee cup in one case). The only postive to the hotel was the shower and free shower gel. Breakfast was served in what felt like (and looked like) a converted bedroom in the dungeon of the hotel.Would never reccomend this hotel, it really lets the HIEX brand down.	
Apr 16 2006	Good value bit small but nice just the same	Room on the smallish side, but I'm told that's to be expected in this area. This family of 4 was able to fit quite a bit of luggage (2 large and 2 medium rolling suitcases, another large suitcase, a briefcase, and 3 book backpacks) into room 504, which is situated on the top floor at the front of the building. From our window, we could see across the rooftops across the street to the London Eye and Big Ben clock tower.The room was clean, the shower was hot, check in was easy and the staff friendly and helpful.Breakfast, included, was something that we took full advantage of. Choices included: fresh apples, oranges, bananas, canned fruit cocktail, yogurt, several varieties of individually boxed cereals, croissants, white and wheat bread for toasting, cheddar cheese, and a variety of butter, jams, and spreads for toast. There were also three flavors of juice, coffee, espresso, hot chocolate, and several flavors of tea to drink. We filled up on breakfast and so were able to skip lunch and save a bit.Glad we weren't staying in the warmer weather, though. I'm told that many budget-priced hotels in London area don't have A/C, and it was already fairly warm in our room. We slept with the window open and the fan running each night. I thought it odd that there was no screen in the window, but again that seems to be the norm, rather than the exception.Overall, quite a pleasant three-night stay. (We forgot to take photos of the room, but I've shared some pics of our view and the breakfast buffet.)	
Mar 28 2006	Absolute dump.	This place is a hostel at best. I have never stayed in such a small room. There was literally not enough room for 2 people with 2 roller bags and back packs. The room was dirty, the lights didn't work, and the TV didn't work. The beds were terribly uncomfortable.I wouldn't stay here again if it were free.	
Mar 12 2006	great for a one nighter	Stayed here for one night on the way to Liverpool since we could only get a flight to London Gatwick via Toronto.  Hotel is in an old building which obviously was not built to be a hotel since the lobby and halls are a different set up to the average Holiday Inn hotel. Check in was great. There was another guest checking in beside me and very angry because there is no where to park near the hotel. Luckily we had not yet picked up our rental car for the drive to Liverpool. So if you have a car, be warned that the nearst public parking area is Pimlico Station which is about a 10 minute walk away. We decided to make the stay in London a quick mini trip so we asked one of the staff for suggestions on what to do in a only a day in London. She was very helpful, and even provided us with a map!  Our room was at the back. Three of us so we need the pull out bed in the sofa. They had it set up already so there was barely any room left to move.  We were staying on the first floor at the back of the hotel with views of the ally. Privacy was a bit of an issue since there are houses literally only a few meters away.  Overall it's a nice little hotel but I wouldn't reccomend staying there for a long period of time. We only got to see a little of London and it was great so we will definatly visit London again for a main vacation (already planning it!) but I think I would rather pay a little extra for one of the nicer hotels like the Hilton or the Marriott if we stay longer than a night!	
Feb 27 2006 	Friendly and clean - hot in summer!	I have used the Holiday Inn Express in Belgrave Road several times on business. It is situated close to Victoria railway station but Pimlico station is closer if arriving by tube. My customer is in Vauxhall and it takes me 20 minutes to walk from there although there is a bus for the less energetic!The hotel itself is a converted Victorian house. Not in the mould of a purpose built Holiday Inn Express but pleasant enough. The rooms are clean but small and I am glad that I haven't had to share! The room I had last week had 2 single beds in but I had to move one bed to get to the desk and wardrobe. The TV is a portable type and thus small to view when sat or laying on the bed. Tea/coffee is provided and there is also a data port although I have never used this. The bathroom is clean with soap and shower gel provided. They also supply disposable face cloths.As the hotel is an old Victorian hotel there are several creaking floorboards! The rooms and general hotel are also very hot as there is no air conditioning although a fan is provided. The street outside can get busy and with several hotels in the area there are a lot of cars and people making a noise. This doesn't bother me as I was brought up near a main road but it could be a problem for some. The lack of air conditioning in the summer is a BIG problem for me though.The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The lift (elevator) is small and takes forever to arrive! It has also been out of order on occasions when I have stayed - usually when I am on the fourth floor and have to carry my case up &amp; down the stairs.Breakfast is OK but the room it is served in is small and hot in the summer.All in all this is a nice little hotel that serves my needs of a bed and somewhere to wash in a clean and friendly environment. My only real gripe is the lack of air conditioning and when summer arrives I will have to consider moving to a different hotel.	
Oct 31 2005	Nice budget hotel	We were here five nights in September. The hotel is pretty much what you expect from Holiday Inn Express. Rooms were on the small size but clean. No air conditioning so beware if you are there in summer months. There was a fan in the room but there was too much street noise at night to leave the window open. They do have a bar in the lobby as well as computer that guests can use for a fee. The front desk staff were all very nice and helpful at providing directions or answering questions. Hotel is a 5 minute walk to the Pimlico tube station or about a 15 minute walk to the Victoria station. Several pubs within walking distance. They have a nice continental breakfast for guests.	
Jun 25 2005	Don't go there !	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Victoria Station, London England.The family room ( quad) was so small with the sofa bed open that we had to keep it closed so that we could keep our suitcases inside the room. It was about 80 degrees and there wasn't any air conditioning in the room. When I asked the night manager for a second fan, he stated they didn't have any more. I did call Holiday Inn to complain that same night. The next day they gave me another fan, but I can say that unless you can tolerate extreme heat and closeness with your family, don't stay here. It made us want to end our trip early. In fact, I don't believe I will ever go to London again.	
Mar 16 2005	Great location...	GENERALThe Express by Holiday Inn London Victoria is situated in the Belgravia area - on Belgrave Road.Customers of IHG's Express brand will be familiar with the set-up at this hotel - especially if they travel frequently or are a member of IHG Priority Club. The bedrooms are of a standard style with fixtures and fittings common throughout the chain. The rooms are clean and well-maintainted.The hotel is a limited-service hotel which is perfect for those travellers who do not require the full-service approach offered by larger, often more expensive hotels.Perhaps I should clarify this by saying that the only mealtime catered is breakfast. This is served in the breakfast room on the lower ground floor. The breakfast is of the continental self-serve variety, without cooked items. THE BEDROOMSThe bedrooms are rather small. I reckon that this is due to two factors. The hotel was not purpose-built - it is a conversion of older properties. The high cost of real estate in the area dictated a design that was 'economical' with space.The beds are comfortable, but a little too soft for my liking. The television, which has various TV and radio channels accessible (and I'm sure there are Pay-TV options too) has a small screen - so if your eyesight is poor, prepare to squint!There are no baths at this hotel - showers are the only option. The bathroom is clean and Unilever washing products are supplied - Dove handwash cream and Lux shower gel. There is no air-conditioning in the bedrooms. Fans are provided.HOW TO GET THEREOnce you've arrived in London, head for Victoria station. The hotel is a ten-minute walk from the station. If you are travelling by Underground, the nearest station is Pimlico (Victoria Line). From Pimlico, the hotel is a six-minute walk.ABOUT THE STAFFThe staff are young and friendly. I have found them to be helpful.AND FINALLYThis hotel is a good location for tourists. It has a good, central location which makes for an ideal base for sightseeing. It may also have limited appeal for the business traveller.	
Aug 13 2004	Great place to stay	We stayed at this hotel at the end of June and were very happy with the accomodations. The rooms were clean, spacious (especially surprising for London!) We traveled with our two kids and had a room with a queen bed and a full sized futon bed. The family room was on the back side of the building facing a quiet residential alley. My mother's street facing room was a bit noisy due to the morning traffic. The continental breakfast was pretty good, the staff very professional and pleasant. The neighborhood was exceptionally convenient to Victoria Station, Pimlico Tube station and many of the central sights. Plenty of restaurants, post office, laundry and shopping all within walking distance. We found this to be a very well priced hotel especially for those traveling with children.	
Jul 7 2004	London for 10	The Holiday Inn Express was a couple of dollars more than some of the smaller hotels but I was confident that it would be clean and ready and it was. I was concerned about the size of the rooms since we needed 3 rooms for 10 people. The room they provided for 4 was terrific with 3 bed and enough space. The location was good, it's a good 8 block walk from Victoria Coach but if you have baggage with wheels it's OK. The Hotel is very close to Westminster Abby and parliament so a short walk gets you right into London site seeing.	
Nov 6 2003	Nice hotel for the price	We were to leave on a Military History tour from Victoria Station, so I wanted a hotel near the station. The Holiday Inn Express served the purpose very well. It is not fancy, but it was clean and the people at the desk were helpful in finding a nice Italian resturant a few blocks from the hotel. Yes the room was small, but wat do you expect for the price. We plan to take our adult son to London this spring and I am considering stayin at the Holliday Inn Express for the price since I will need two rooms.	
Oct 13 2003	Average - not bad but better deals to be had	Here's my story: I looked at the discount sites and was ready to take the cheapest available until I read reviews online. The cheap ones seemed to be so bad that they were ruining trips. I settled on this hotel after literally days and days of deliberation. You may be having the same problem. So, this hotel isn't bad; that is, there isn't any specific complaint, but I wasn't impressed either.First, if you stay here - and you take the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station, for example, or end up at Victoria Station from Hethrow - DO NOT go just left of the station when you see a big Holiday Inn sign. That is the regular Holiday Inn (i.e. - more expensive). This hotel is a walk away. I'd say it was a good 10 minute walk, even at a brisk pace. We were there in cooler weather and we were sweating by the time we got there. All in all, the location isn't terrible (although we later read this wasn't a great section of town). Basically, it is hotel after hotel after hotel. You'll pass literally dozens of hotels on the way from the tube station, so one of those might be better as it would be a shorter walk to and from the tube.When we got there, the service was very very friendly. Although we arrived early, and there wasn't yet a room availble, they let us go downstairs and eat breakfast while we waited for the room (and they arranged for one to be made up while we waited). The breakfast wasn't bad - toast, fruit, cerial, yogurt, coffee, tea, etc.Also, there may have been a computer for guests to use. We noticed it but didn't ask if it was for guests b/c we didn't stay long.The room, while clean, was TINY. And we're used to tiny rooms in big cities. Still, there was almost no room to walk. We had two beds (not our first choice but cheaper than just one - I don't know why), but unlike double beds as you'd find in the States, they were single beds. Again TINY. But the two beds was an advantage b/c if it wasn't for the other bed, we'd have had no place to open our luggage. You've probably read to request a room away from the street and that is very true. It was very very loud and w/o AC we needed the windows open (altho it really wasn't that bad w/o AC - mainly we needed it after getting so hot on the long walk w/ all the luggage). The bathroom, however, was really nice. New, clean, spacious. The only problem was that the curtain easily went outside leaving literally over an inch of water flooding the entire floor.After we checked in, we called to arrange another hotel and only stayed one night in this one (not b/c it was really all that bad but b/c we were able to get a GREAT deal elsewhere by calling when we got there).In all, it wasn't a horrible experience. If you can't find anything else, you probably won't have a bad experience to report either. But given the price, location, and amenities, I think there are better deals to be had. (See my review of Fuller's Sanctuary House Hotel).	
May 15 2009 	Uhm vale la pena andarci solo per risparmiare		
Mar 13 2009 	El Hotel es cerca de casi todo		
Feb 5 2008	bastante flojo para un express byholiday inn		
