Aug 3 2009 	WE WERE STOLEN for the people who work in the hotel	Yes, we were stolen for the people from Afganistan who work in this hotel, they didnt tell what happend, to anabody, even the manager, less the owner, only the girl from poland, was kind, and help us, they open the room wiht the key, where we were out, they took gold, money, and more, we werent the only people who were stolen there.Take care about.	
Jul 31 2009 	If you don't want your holidays to become a nightmare don't stay here.....	I came with my wife for a week holiday and stayed here as someone recommended me this place, however, after spending one night here, we were not satisfy with the service at all. But because we didn't had a better choice at the moment and we were going to spend our entire days visiting places and nearby cities we decided to stay and try to make the best of it; until one day when we came back that we found out we had been stolen, whoever did it, got away with 1500 Euros and some of our cloth. And the Hotel unfortunately never took any responsibility, therefore we had to shorten our stay. Please under any circumstances don’t stay in Igar Hotel.M	
Jul 6 2009 	"IGAR" - Incredibley Grosse And Revolting	We stayed at this hotel out of desperation as our other hotel had double booked our room!!!!! We had travelled from Lincolnshire to see Take That at Wembley and were really looking forward to staying over..... not when we saw the rooms. Very dated, dirty, smelly and NO hot water!!!! We spent as little time there as possible. Definitely won't go back. Whatever you do, do not stay here. Breakfast was included in the price, but we declined, suprisingly. Didn't get much sleep due to doors slamming, shouting etc... turned out to be a burglary.	
Mar 13 2008	Lovely hotel and very friendly staff	I was amazed to read the reviews about Igar Hotel.I can only say we had a great stay of 5 days. The staff is really helpfull and very friendly, there is recepion 24 hours, the hotel is in a nice area with bars and litlle nice shops!	
Aug 14 2007	OK for price	The hotel was ok. I didnt expect much considering it was £45 per night. not the best but good value for money...... didnt have the problems the others experienced, was informed by staff that private tenants are kept in different block than council tenants. to be fair staff were friendly, maintanance was on site and fast. would probably stay there again for: 1- value for maney 2- close to portobelo and central london 3- 5mins walk to queens park station 4- close to park........	
Jun 8 2007 	Raided	I agree, this is probably the worst hotel in the history of hostelry. The only thing that I didn't find was a dead person in my bed. This place stinks. I also didnt appreciate the screaming guests and the midnight raid by the police. I stayed for 1 night and fled.	
Oct 8 2006 	never go ther pls	We got there at 5pm and left our suitcases totally locked, and left sighseeing. when we got back 5 hours later, the door was ok but the suitcases were open, zips broken and money stolen. the worst of all was the reaction of the man who was keeping the reception, that did not seem to B concerned ab it, and just called the manager. She was even worse as did not want to call the police and tried to say they were not guilty, as the door hadnt been forced. the truth is that probably somebody from the staff wasinvolved. We left the hotel (without getting any refund of money) and went to the Plice, that confirmed that homeless people is taken at the Igar. It is actually been a nightmare, but at least all of you will know what went on. Rooms were horrible but ok according to the price, a bt dirty and obviously furnished for homeless people more than any other person.	
Jan 10 2006	Igar Hotel Kilburn	The Igar hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are scruffy and shabby, the shower did not work properly, the bed linen smelt of smoke which indicates that the sheets had not been changed since the last person being in there, there was no facility for contacting reception in case of an emergency. Also my friend stayed there and when she woke up in the morning she was covered in at least 70 bites all over her body which she can only assume to be either bed bug bites or flea bites. We since discovered that the Igar take in homeless people and asylym seekers. It is recommended to stay away from this place.	
Jan 20 2008 	Asquerozo horrible no volveria ni por asomo		
