Jan 17 2007 	Stayed here lots of times its fine	Just had to write a review after reading the poor ones given. We started staying at this hotel about three years ago, and have done so since when we visit London - up to now about a dozen times. Okay, lets get things straight - if you want the Hilton there is one in Islington, go book it. Its two to three times the price and they charge you for parking and breakfast. The Parkside is clean and functional, and a good price. We stayed in a variety of rooms whilst there, but favour the attic rooms as they are so quiet. The windows look out onto the back car park and you do not suffer the road noise that others have mentioned in the reviews. Also the trembling effect that someone else noted in the reviews (I think its the underground tube below - it isn't that noticeable throughout the hotel - but is not noticable at all in the attic room). The attic rooms do share a bathroom, but each attic room has a bathroom next to it with seperate stairs to each attic room / bathroom - no-one else goes up there as the rest of the hotel rooms are ensuite. One of the main bonuses (I'm a light sleeper) is the lack of neighbour noise - no noisy corridor or wafer thin walls allowing the nocternal activities of your neighbour to disturb you. I could never understand why the hotel doesn't section the beoom and bathroom together, with no acces to anyone else - would make a great &quot;Penthouse type suite&quot;. The rooms have been furnished a year or two ago, but although showing their age are clean and have everything you need. The decorating is relatively new. I have never found grotty conditions. The staff can vary, and like many London hotels rely on east European labour. I have had extremely friendly to a little off putting, but on the whole (as the staff turnaround is high - like most London hotels) have been happy enough with the staff. The breakfast is the best I have come across in London without paying the extra money at the likes of The Hilton for their breakfast buffet affair. Decent portions, good choice and all very celan and freshly prepared.So, as always you get what you pay for - and as for the reviewer that says they can get more central London hotel rooms that are better for half the price (that would make it about £30 a room!!), tell me where this hotel is - I'll give them a go! So to recap, decent, clean, and if your careful quiet hotel that we have enjoyed staying at several times.	
Aug 15 2006	What A Nightmare	This place is truly awful. My boyfriend and I spent our first 2 hours here cleaning out the bathroom and fridge - it was filthy. The rooms are drab and dirty. It 's really noisy if you are overlooking the park with buses going along all night, ask for a room over looking the back garden which is much quieter. On my first night water dripped out of the ceiling light and on the 2nd night it got much worse and I had to move rooms where I proceeded to find old dried up chicken legs down the side of the bed. Yes this place is budget and cheap for London and it is right on the common with loads of restaurants near by but it isn't nice, clean or relaxing. The rooms come with a fridge, a desk and a double or single bed and you share the kitchen - a good perk i suppose if you can stomach eating and cooking in such grotty surroundings. I don't find the staff very friendly either.	
Jul 15 2005	Very positive impression - cannot wait to come back	I travel to London quite frequently as a tourist. Over the years I tried other hotels but never got such good vaue for my money as in the Parkside Hotel, where I have stayed for 6 - 7 times so far.Most of the rooms have an ensuite bathroom but during my recent stay we had a room on the top floor with a shared bathroom (but never saw or heard any other guests in there). Once having climbed the stairs to the 3rd floor we were surprised by the spacious room with a nice view over London and we were happy with our choice that saved us 12 pounds per night compared to an ensuite-room.The staff has always been friendly and helpful, either at the reception or during breakfast. Talking about breakfast - it is just gorgeous, you have an excellent choice of cooked English breakfast plus various cereals, toast, marmelade, jam etc.... I have always found the place clean and tidy and I noticed that there have been renovations done recently.Unfortunately it is not one of the quieter places, because it is situated at a busy road. However, the location is ideal for travelling from different airports, either Heathrow, Standstead or Gatwick and it is only a few walking minutes from tube or bus stations. The tube takes you to the centre with the main tourist attractions within 15 minutes.Even though there are several hotels on the same road I would not call it a tourist area. The area is mixed, there are people and shops of different cultural backgrounds which in my view contribute to the liveliness and vital feeling of London. The park opposite the road is functional, you will find the local residents resting, playing on the playground, competing in football or exercising on the sports field.I can highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there during my next holiday in London.	
Mar 17 2005	Comfortable and clean	We just needed somewhere to stay for one night, so we didn't spend a lot of time here, but it was clean and fairly newly decorated with a decent bathroom; they even provided sachets of toothpaste which is something I always forget. The breakfast was good and the location pleasant enough. This is a good choice if you want a cheap hotel close to central London for a night out.	
Jan 26 2005	Pleasant stay at the Parkside	After reading the other reviews about the hotel, we were positively surprised about Parkside. The tube stations are close, the service was good and the overal feeling we got there was rather nice. Of course, you have to take into account that the Parkside is a budget hotel, but in that category it's the best I've been this far.I'd recommend the Parkside Hotel to anyone who's looking for an affordable stay in London.	
Dec 29 2004	don't even have to look	We booked into this hotel because it is near the tube that goes to Heathrow BUT do not even waste your time with Parkside. We planned to stay for 2 nights but moved out immediately the next day. The beds in our room move on their own. I am not kidding you. We asked the front desk and they gave me a cold reply, &quot;I don't know&quot;. We thought might be some pipes or the constant traffic outside. One of the reasons we left Parkside Hotel is also because the staff are rude. The man at the reception is very unhelpful as he just stood not so far away and watched on the side while I struggle terribly with four heavy luggages. No welcome or thank yous or even a smile. We had a twin room. I found out later, for half the price, we could have got exactly the same room in Piccadilly Circus!	
Jul 14 2004	Do not stay here	We stayed at the Parkside for 5 nights at the beginning of June. All the rooms we were offered reaked of smoke smells or a dissinfectant smell. We opted for a suite (joke) at least we could let fresh air in but at a cost of very loud traffic noise all night. There is no lift so you have to climb very steep stairs with all your luggage! There is a pub next door which is noisy until midnight, when we complained to management we were told people want to have fun. The only thing that was reasonable was the full english breakfast. The hotel is nothing like portrayed on their web site. Give it a miss.	
Jan 21 2004 	Decent enough	While it's no competitor to Claridge's, the Parkside Hotel is a decent enough budget hotel. My room was under the eaves on the top floor, oddly shaped but surprisingly spacious and clean. It had a washbasin, but the toilet and bathtub - but oddly, no shower - was in an adjacent room, as far as I could tell not shared with any other guest rooms. I believe that many of the other rooms did have full in-room facilities, however (mine was the least expensive in the house.) The staff seemed friendly enough, there was a small lounge, gym and bar, and the no-extra-cost breakfasts were quite nice. My main criticism of the Parkside Hotel is its location. It's on a noisy street in a rather dreary outlying part of London; the area around the Finsbury Park tube station, just a few minutes' walk from the hotel, is pretty close to being a ghetto. Taking the Piccadilly Line tube to the (fare zone 2) Manor House station keeps one out of the worst areas but does involve more travel time to and from London's main tourist attractions than some people may prefer.	
