Oct 1 2008	good location to subway but thats about it	nothing really too great about this hotel other than the location. Looks are really deceiving - from the outside it looks like it would be really fancy, but no way! It's a very dreary hotel that really needs a makeover. Positive - staff was really nice. They had a library at the front desk and I was able to borrow a travel london book. Very nice of themSuper good location only for the subway. Really close to Earls Court station. 5- 10 mins on that and you are in the center of things. London is a really expensive city to find a place, but there has got to be a better place than this hotel. Keep looking in my opinion	
Apr 20 2008 	Rude staff pokey rooms PANTS!	The hotel location is FAB, and Kensington is a great place to stay, however the staff are very rude and unfriendly and the rooms are pokey and limited. The bathroom was a little grubby too.How this hotel got 3 stars I have no idea. Its also massively overpriced. You can find a much better deal elsewhere.	
Jan 3 2008 	More like a Hostel not a Hotel!	We stayed here 30th Dec 2007-03rd Jan 2008.I cant believe its called a hotel it was more like staying at a hostel.....! The best thing was the location like other people say its ideal for going in and out for your sightseeing trips.Earls court tube is 2mins away,and all you have to purchase is a zone 1-2 oyster card for the transport.The bad things.....1.loose tiles on bathroom floor2.Lights not working plus Dangerous.3.Bedroom Carpet/Hotel Carpet Dirty...Bedroom didnt appear to get vacuumed.4.Toilet space and shower space very small,if you are of larger build you will have no chance of sitting down on the toilet.5.Breakfast very basic,toast always undercooked.Warm Bread!!!6.Handrails leading up to the hotel entrance very insecure.How this Hostel/Hotel Passes the Health and Safety Checks required is beyond belief........We only spent 1 hour a day maximum in the room to get changed thank god for that.So if you want location its not bad.....otherwise if you want a decent standard hotel forget this one.	
Oct 20 2007 	It´s a lie!	Unfriendly people, too small rooms, dangerous elevator (close the door without advise), blocked fire alarm, too smal bathroom, very poor breakfast, a nightmare!the web page is a lie! No more than a half of star!AVoid! Avoid Avoid!	
Oct 18 2007 	sooo tiny...	First of all, I must admit I didn't check any comments on the hotel before booking. It was planned in a hurry this trip and I trusted the booking company when they oferred us this 4 stars hotel (this is the category of the hotel on our booking mail). Seeing the other comments, I alredy consider myself a lucky traveler as I didn't have problems with the shower and the room wasn't in the basement! But still, this was the tiniest room I have ever been with the perfect match in the shower. There were max 30 cm between the bed and the front wall and of course, to take advantage of all space, they had to place the tea cup's support on the same wall. In order to pass sideways and also hunchbacked through that area. Yes, the sheets were clean, but I took a look before leaving under the bed and I was horrified to see rests of food, wrapping of candies and the dust floating like they didn't passed the vacuum cleaner for 2 months at least! Anyway, disgusting to see that after spending 3 nights in that room. We also had the fire alarm on Sun morning at 6 am and when we asked at the reception what was that they said it's normal to test it from time to time! Breakfast was very simple: coffee, milk, cereals and toast. It's good that is close to bus station streight to Marble Arch and metro. Overall, I wouldn't repeat the experience. I should have imagined why their website is so cheap and they don't have any photos of the rooms.	
Sep 23 2007 	the pits!	The bathroom was tiny, too small to swing a cat! had to turn sideways to get in to the shower as the toilet was blocking the door from opening fully. The water pressure/temperataure was dodgy to say the least, was scalding hot one minute, freezing cold the next, and more like standing under a tap as opposed to a shower. The bathroom could have also done with a good clean, the hair dryer was so ancient i was too scared to use it. Only plus point was the bed sheets were clean and the bed comfortable, Would not recommend and would never ever stay there again, if you paid me. The hotel had not been refurbished, to any degree and i certainly would not class it a a luxury hotel.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Location	A short walk from the Earl's Court TUBE stop. It was easy to get to every major attraction from this location and it was all in zone 1 which saves you $. The front desk staff was not cheery and not a good first impression. The room was small but not uncomfortable (unless you bring tons of luggage.) There was no AC in our room but the window cooled it off nicely and its not like London gets that hot anyway. The breakfast staff/cleaning staff was much more polite. Breakfast was toast cereal, juice, and fruit cocktail from a can with tea. Internet access was great if you have wireless they give you the password and you can us it in the dining room. The hallways and elevator get stuffy because there aren't any windows and the elevator often stops at every floor even if no one pushed the button. I would stay there again for the great location.	
Jul 14 2007 	Small room small breakfast	small room, i was in the fifth floor, the room was clean and the service well. the breakfast was very simple: coffee, cereals, toastin the photos you have a vision of the room.	
May 18 2007 	Good location so-so rooms	Like others mentioned, we got a 2 twin bed room when we requested 1 queen. The only other room available was in the basement so we spent the first night in separate beds. The next morning the manager called and said if we left our bags packed they would move them to a new room. When we returned from a day of sight-seeing, we were given keys to a new (smaller) room with 1 queen bed. All in all, not bad. The room was very small, had to maneuver around luggage, bed, and steam press but serviceable. Breakfast was ok if you just wanted something quick but nothing great. The best thing was the location and the relatively quiet location. Luckily we didn't have any issues with fire alarms going off. Drives me crazy that they can't give you soap, seems so cheap...although I think what they labeled as shampoo was really soap.	
Jan 2 2007 	Conveniently located	Good location - few minutes walk from Earls Court tube station.Small room, but comfortable and clean.Nice breakfast room with complimentary breakfast and good service.	
Dec 9 2006 	Avoid it	I stayed in this hotel for three nights, and I hope that this would be the last. My room was on the ground floor, with the tiniest bathroom I ever seen. Photos are attached. The total width of the bathroom is what you see in the picture of the closet. You may also see the sink, which is again the smallest sink I have ever seen in a hotel room. I could not wash my hands, since they did not fit under the tap. Please pay attention to the worn out hair dryer, which I hesitated for a while before handling, since it looked very dirty and dangerous. The room itself was small and worn out, except the bedsheets, sheets were ok.The worst part is yet to come. On the second night I woke up with the fire alarm at 4 a.m., which happened to be a false alarm! We all get out of our rooms, and sent back by the staff saying it went out by mistake. After some sleepless hours, I woke up with a false fire alarm again at 7:30 a.m.!!!So, if you want to spend 100 GBP a night and your style of comfort is waking up with fire alarms, that is the place for you, enjoy your stay...	
Sep 26 2006 	Well everyone below me sums it up	Booked the hotel on Wotif after research here. The hotel lived up to my expectations, which as you can see in the comments below, there isnt too much to expect.Honestly though, the hotel room was fine. It was small, it was in the basement, BUT we had windows which also let in natural light from the street. One warning though, there is NO airconditioning, so I wouldnt recommend staying there in the summer heat. They provide FREE wireless internet for some floors. I beleive it is in the lobby, and you can get it below in the basement. I doubt you would get it on maybe level 2, but you can always take your laptop to the lobby. The rooms look like they have been renovated and modernised. Its a shame they forgot to renovate the bathrooms at the same time.The chick they have on the front desk is useless. No customer service skills whatsoever. The luggage ticket system is fine, if they enforced it. When you drop your luggage off for storage, they leave it in the lobby, attach a ticket to the bag, and give you the corresponding ticket number. When you arrive back, theoretically speaking, you should have to give the ticket back to get your bag. Nup not here, just walk on it and take it.The guy running the show with the Corgie, he is helpful, can book tours around london for you and provide tourism information.About the bathroom, the people below are NOT exaggerating. The room is tiny. The room we had, the toilet was squashed in a corner, that no person over 100kg could possibly get into. The room we had, had a bad case of wood rot around the bathroom door. Due to the shower recess being so small, the water ends up on the floor outside the bathroom, which is carpet over timber. There was one spot where my foot could go through the floor. There is one upside to the bathroom, the shower head was above my head (I am 185cm tall) and the water pressure was fantastic.Overall I would recommend, but dont expect too much. It is in an excellent location. A little pricey, but that is London for you.	
Mar 29 2006	Small outdated rooms/lobby furnishings looked like thrift store specials!	Person in charge rude while checking in. Rooms very small and bathroom small. Furnace made loud noisies off and on all night. Electricity and water was off the last night of our stay.....elevator did not work and had to haul suitcases down three flights of stairs.Furnishings in lobby did not match and looked like something they purchased at a thrift store.The rooms were clean.	
Mar 23 2006	The Worst	First and foremost they ripped me off for the room by 20lbs. ($36) a night .. we (a couple) booked thru Last Minute Travel for a package that included air and room. They said I had to pay for my girlfriend because they only booked for a single. All attempts to reason with them were fruitless. Why would I book a trip for two and ask for a single room. As for Last Minute Travel, for sure do not use them, they have been completely unresponsive to the issue. The room was small, heater made noise all night, the evevator went out, the shower leaked all over the floor, the continental breakfast was meager, at best. There wasn't enough room to fall down in the room. And most importantly the hotel desk staff were rude.I hope this influeces someone to pass this place up it may be my only satisfaction .. there were others close by, near Earl's Court subway stop which was convient, that looked nice.	
Mar 3 2006	Good London B	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in January for one night. I found it a pleasant, clean place with a receptionist who seemed to like Aussies. It wasn't full of people, as it was off season. The room was simple but clean. It does have a small bathroom but everything worked. They have a cute dog who was in the foyer. Best thing is the location to Earl's court station, which is a short tube ride to Heathrow Airport.	
Jan 11 2006	Not impressed	The room and en suite bathroom were the tiniest I've ever been in, and the room was in the basement, down some stairs which seemed to have a tropical heat in december. Every time we walked down them we joked about our next expedition down the congo. The front desk staff were iffy, we were locked out one night as the person at the front desk disappeared and you aren't given a key to the front door. This means it's either open to everyone or locked with the desk unattended, which doesn't seem very secure. When it came to leaving your luggage there, they just give you a ticket and leave them in the front room, so it seems anyone with a raffle ticket can pick them up. The cleaning staff were friendly though. Overall, we will not be staying there again.	
Nov 23 2005	A Luxury Hotel???	We stayed 3 nights (Oct 24-26, 2005). Fire alarms sounded in the early morning hours of the 25th (two times ) and the 26th (three times). No sleep on those nights nor on the third night, all because of a smoker! Management refused to oust the culprit and did not offer compensation. We were not the only ones to complain. What was supposed to be a pleasant stay left a bitter taste.Rooms are very small, but clean. &quot;Acting manager&quot; (the accountatnt) could use a course in dealing with clients.	
May 31 2005 	It may be Kensington BUT...	Good rate (£ 47 including tax for a &quot;king size leisure&quot;), very disappointing guestroom - very dark, stuffy, old-fashioned - and terribly small bathroom. Staff OK, cleanliness OK-ish.Not a place I'd come back to if I can avoid it, even if the location is good: it's only a short walk from one of the underground stations and from the national museum of natural history. Workable internet cafe just across the road.	
Apr 23 2005	Good No-frills Value	My girlfriend and I stayed here this week for one night. The room was clean but tiny. This was fine for us, because we weren't going to hang around the hotel, but while we were there, it was a little inconvenient. There was little room to even walk around the bed. The bathroom was the side of a closet, with the smallest shower I've ever seen. At 230 lbs (or 240 after a week in Europe!), I was still comfortable enough, but if you are very large, this may be an issue. At first, none of the lights worked. After we called down to the desk, they explained that we'd need to put our room key in a switch to turn on the power for the room. Curious. But it worked.We left too early in the morning so we missed our free continental breakfast.All that said, the place was very clean (recently renovated, perhaps), the staff was nice, with a friendly dog, and location was great (1 minute walk from Earls Court tube stop, which has lifts - perfect for heavy bags).	
Apr 5 2005	cheap and cheerless	booked in for 2 nights in Feb 2005.but only stayed for 1 night as the noise from the room next door kept me awake with their partying through the paper thin walls.the manager did offer us a different room for the 2nd night (for a fee), but I was not willing to risk another sleepless night after a long flight from Tokyo.The room was small and pokey and the shower hardly worked.Good location, but next time, pay a bit more and get a better hotel.	
Dec 5 2004	almost ruined our trip!	I'm sorry, but I'm afraid this review will be a bit long. We booked a weekend at the Kensington International hotel at the end of November, 2004 and have never had such a terrible hotel experience. The hotel itself was fine, but we were treated very badly. I'll give you a blow by blow. We arrived early in the morning and asked if we could have a room early, which was no problem except that we had to take a room in the basement. We were tired, and could have slept on the sidewalk! The room was depressing but neat and clean, and we didn't plan on spending much time there anyway, so we decided to just deal with it. Nevertheless, after a sleepless night (including much noise, including fighting among the hotel staff right outside our window and door) we decided to request a room on a higher floor, if available. I rang the reception and politely asked the &quot;acting manager&quot; named Mr. Patel if it would be possible to move to a room to a higher floor. He went a little crazy on me, telling me several reasons why it couldn't happen (including the fact that we didn't deserve a better room because we'd paid a cheap rate through British Airways) until he reached a fever pitch. I said almost nothing. It was impossible to get a word in anyway and why bother? Completely stunned, I hung up the phone and explained to my husband what had happened. My husband went up to see what was up only to be insulted even more. We told Mr. Patel that we thought he was being rude and unhospitible and that a polite explanation would have been fine. To that he accused us (over a period of about 10 minutes) of being racist against people of Indian descent and accused us of going around the world killing people (unfortunatly, we're Americans). He seemed like the kind of man where it's better to not argue back, so we just did our best to ignore him. When we were leaving on Sunday we made the horrible mistake of checking out late. We'd had a terrible time sleeping and overslept. We were supposed to check out at 11:00 but we actually woke up at that time. We did our best to frantically get ready. Mr. Patel was relentlessly yelling at us for this. We apologized. Then, when I asked him if it would be okay to store our bags at the hotel for a couple of hours while we waited for our early evening flight, he told us to get out and that he never wanted to see us again. We decided to insist on leaving our bags with several others. We weren't going to waste a half a day in London sitting outside with our bags. He told us that if we left our bags he &quot;would not be responsible&quot; for them. We risked it and they were fine. All in all, we had a fine time in London, but the trip was soured by this experience. My advice is to stay anywhere but this hotel. We wanted simple accommodations without any hassle, and instead were made to feel unwelcome and accused of having racist attitudes.	
Dec 1 2004	Good stay for the price	I stayed at the Kensington for 1 week in November. Overall a nice budget hotel at an average price (I booked w/ British Airways). I'd stay there again.Pros: Extremely clean, well-maintained hotel. Area feels very safe. Close to Earl's Court station, which has good service to the rest of London. Free continental breakfast.Cons: Room is tiny (but such is London), front desk staff are unfriendly, walls are kinda thin, elevator is slow, no shampoo in the shower. Avoid the overpriced English breakfast.	
Nov 20 2004	Great place at a great rate	We stayed at the Kensington International for six nights during the first week of November 2004 and found it to be a great location from which to explore London. It’s right around the corner from the Earl’s Court underground station, yet set off on a peaceful side street. The area around the hotel has many pubs and restaurants. Our room was small, but average size for a budget hotel in a big city. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and the front desk was helpful with directions, theatre tixs, etc. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London on a budget.	
Nov 16 2004	Clean but depressing	It was clean, and in a convenient--though grotty--location. The room was tiny, tiny, tiny: my suitcase barely fit through the door. It had one of those cheesy arrangements in which your room key was necessary to turn on the lights. Bare bones amenities in the bath--one shower cap, and a soap dispenser (no bar soap). The help was the worst feature by far--not helpful at all. The room clerk saw me struggling up the stairs with my suitcase, and walked away. He also walked away while he was registering me, leaving me standing a the desk for about five minutes waiting for the key to my room. The elevator was broken (the &quot;up&quot; button didn't work), and there was a mattress propped up in the hall for the entire length of my stay--five days. Worst of all, because it was dangerous, was the loose railing on the outside stairs. The continental breakfast was inadequate, and the breakfast room cheerless and depressing in the extreme.I doubt I would stay here again, even though the price was right.	
Nov 15 2004	Great Bang for the Buck	My wife and I just stayed for 3 nights (Nov2004) and we had a great experience. Literally less than a 5 min walk from Earl's Court tube stop, really convenient location between Heathrow (30-40min train ride) and London central, tourist areas (approx 10-15 min tube ride away) Check-in was easy, and arriving from the States in the morning was no problem - they let us right up to our clean &amp; comfortable room. It is a bit cozy, but no different than typical European room, fine for a couple on a getaway. We blew a fuse (oops) and front desk took care of it right away. Nights were quiet, as it's in a residential area with a bunch of other hotels, so no problems sleeping.Everything you need is right around the corner (pubs, coffee shops, internet cafes, food stores, etc) and the hotel has an elevator, so no worries about hauling a weeks worth of luggage up multiple flights of stairs.All-in-all, a good value as part of our package through EuropeASAP, would defintely stay there again.	
Oct 18 2004	Good experience	Stayed for 8 nights at the end of September 2004 and we had a nice experience. Very convienent from Heathrow as Earl's Court is on the same line so no need to switch trains. As their website states, it's only a 2 minute walk from the train station. Check-in was easy. We were allowed to check in early which was a big plus after an overnight flight. Room was nice (small, but I did not expect large rooms like we have in the US). Room was clean, shower had good water pressure (needs a longer shower curtain though to avoid some leaking but no big deal). Continental breakfast is offered daily. We chose to stay in a small, neighborhood hotel that was close to the center of London. Earl's Court has good pubs and restaurants. It also has several convenient-type stores. Marks and Spencers has a food store there. There is also a small laundry and a couple of internet cafes. If you're looking for a small hotel (it's a renovated victorian townhomes--many of the hotels in the area are) for a decent rate this is a good choice. Yes, the rooms are small but you're in London--what are you doing in your hotel room anyway?	
Jun 16 2004	FABULOUS!	Booked direct from their own website and got a great Special Offer rate! Hotel is very close to Heathrow on the tube and only 15 mins into the centre of town. Really safe feeling neigbourhood too which is great!Rooms are really nicely furnished and I can honestly say that is one of the cleanest hotels I have ever seen!!all the staff were great, knew all about London and were really friendly too.Would definitely return there again! Highly recommended!	
Dec 9 2003	Beware the Kensington International	This place bites the big one. The fire alarm went off during three of our four night stays. The hotel staff blamed the overly sensitive smoke detectors on new fire codes. What bull. So what ended up was that we were rudely roused from our sleep during the night and simply told to ingore the alarm. Had we known that the hotel had a faulty fire alarm system that was going to wake us almost nightly, we would have never stayed there. Do youself a favor and find a hotel with a hotel with a functional alarm or at least a hotel willing to own up to its problem.	
Dec 3 2003	London Adventure	Ideally located, less than 2 blocks from the Earl's Court tube station and perfect for getting right into town, non-stop, from Heathrow. We were met at the door of the hotel by a very friendly hotel staff person who assisted us in with our luggage. Check-in was as easy as can be. But a mistake had been made, we were taken to a room overlooking the garden with 2 twin beds. Our reservations expressly stated 2 people 1 bed. We were then shown a basement room with one double bed and told there were no other rooms available. We took the room and settled in. The room was spotless and the bed, suprisingly, quite comfortable. The bathroom was equally clean, but very, very tiny. A word of warning...no face cloths are supplied, so if you absolutely need one, you better bring your own. Criticisms include the TV being located literally hanging near the ceiling, so viewing creates some difficulty, even lying on the bed. There were no chairs in the room, so you had to watch TV from a lying down position or suffer a severe stiff neck. Never had a chance to sample breakfast or the so called bar ( due to long nights on the town), but looked clean and tidy. In the garden room there is a fantastic floor chess set, but sadly, not enough time to play or lose to my husband. The neighborhood was quite nice, with many other small hotels in the area, but with considerably more expensive rates. Earl's Court is ideally located for both tube and bus transportation. We managed to get all over the city and some right from there. The pubs in the area are good, many small restaurants and great bakery across the street from the tube station. We would stay here again. Enjoy London it is a great city and we had a great time!!	
Oct 3 2003	Good value for the money	I spent 4 nights at this hotel. 3 in one room which was great. With an internet rate of 47 pounds I got a big french window, single bed, a desk/wardrobe, TV, phone, and the smallest shower I've seen. My coworkers were amazed as it didn't seem that different from their rooms which were in the 99-120 pound range. It felt like a Scandinavian dorm room. The bathroom was very, very small, but the water pressure was good, everything was clean, and it came with breakfast. I liked that it was an easy walk from Earl's Court tube station (no need to change trains with luggage when arriving from Heathrow) and I felt safe in the neighborhood as a woman traveling alone. The 4th night was the next week and I was in a much less nice room with poor water pressure. It should have been quieter than the other room as it faced the garden, but it was next to a rowdy group in the next room who kept plugging in all kinds of appliances (portable stereo and I thought I heard a blender) and blowing the fuse. The crazy thing was when I finally saw these hooligans they were Northern European senior citizens. (?!) Its no fun being repeatedly plunged into darkness in a strange hotel, although the back-up power came on almost immediately. After the last time the power came back on, it blew out the TV set so I couldn't lay in bed and watch TV. The mgmt did a professional job of dealing with the situation, but ultimately some damage had been done to the system and the electrican was to come the early the next day. Power restored, senior citizens calmed, TV set broken, no available room for me to move into. I got up at 5am to fly home. That last night was almost enough to knock my review down from 4 stars to 3, but on consideration the hotel did a reasonable job of dealing with the situation and the only thing I would have wanted was another room with a working TV, which just was not available. For the money, I still feel like I got a good value as cleanliness and safety are my priorities.	
Nov 3 2007 	Grande déception		
