Jul 30 2009 	Worth to stay in	The room is cozy and comfortable with just the right amount of space for the 2 of us. It is within 5/6 minutes of walking distance to Paddington Tube Station, also about 14 minutes to Bayswater Station, plus it is easy to find halal food around the area (Subway,Kebab and Chicken Cote). I still remember my partner went to Bayswater while we had 'cat fight' and it was easy to find her around the area (after searching for her around 1 hour at Paddington and Bayswater). My point is, the place of the hotel is well located.We only had one problem with the air-conditioning (its leaking!) . The bathroom is small but we still managed to take shower together. It was really fun and thanks a lot to Paddington Court Room for the wonderful stay. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Thanks to my partner for choosing this hotel. Love you forever!	
Apr 3 2008	One of the worst I have stayed in! Not recommended	Booked double deluxe room in this 4 star hotel:- Very small. Mini-bar &amp; snack cupboard empty,so a total waste of much needed space. Table for internet use blocked exit from one side of the bed-a real safety risk if you needed to go to the loo at night! Cigarette burns in the one very thin blanket on a very cold night. Lovely curtains blocked heat from radiator - if opened allowed anyone to seeinto the room as no blinds.Delivery in the street outside at 2.45 am-lasted around 35minutes &amp; sounded like crates being stacked. An unpleasant stay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Will not visit there again!	
Jul 15 2007 	PLEASE do not stay here	This hotel was extremely disappointing. I arrived at reception to hear a client complaining about a toilet leaking into his room which made me nervous from the beginning. My room was tiny, barely enough room to put a bag down. The wardrobe was only about 20cm deep, so couldn't squeeze much in there either. The shower was also tiny - I couldn't wash my hair without my elbows hitting the shower walls. Fire alarms went off several times a day. Really loud maintenance work was going on all day. TV reception was terrible. They had advertised internet access via an interactive TV, but this was not available. There was one computer in the lounge that could be used, but there was always a queue for this. On the plus side, the room was clean and there was hot water. For the price, there must be better hotels nearby.	
Feb 14 2007	terrible simply terrible	I expected a small room but this was ridiculous!!!!!!!!!! I couldn't open my luggage anywhere in the room . There was blood &amp; other human things on bedspread. Fire alarm went off 3 times while I was there,lifts dropped you at whatever floor it felt like. Appeared they were renovating they really need it. Would not recommend this place to anyone!	
Feb 4 2007	Do not stay here. It's AWFUL!	Myself, my wife and two children stayed in this truly dreadul dump for three nights in mid-December 2006. We booked and paid for a room for the four of us, including breakfast. When we arrived in London after our long-haul flight from Australia, what did we find? A double bedroom with an old folding sofa bed wedged into it! The room was so small that the four of us and our bags did not physically fit in. After complaining to the manager (who had overdosed on his 'supercilious git' pills that morning) he agreed to provide another smaller room. This proved easier than it would seem, because the hotel we were staying at - the Allandale - had been taken over by the Best Western across the street, and was being renovated. Dust was everywhere, the smell was appalling and the second room was little more than a broom cupboard. Breakfast, we thought, would make things better - the famous full English breakfast. Now, we'd paid for it, but every morning the breakfast room staff ( none of whom seemed to speak English. Okay in Prague or Paris, NOT OK in London!) would try to stop us from eating, claiming we 'hadn't paid'. I would then be off to see the World's Snootiest Manager to (again, and again) point to our receipt with the words 'Breakfast included' printed in large letters. Breakfast would not commence for us until we had gone through this little charade, wasting about half an hour each morning.Bottom line : This place is an utter dump. Stay in Fawlty Towers before you stay here. Only extensive renovations, some soul-searching about room size and the wholesale sacking of everyone from the manager to the cleaner will save this miserable hole.	
Jan 2 2007 	very sad don't go there	i book the Allandale Hotel after read the reviews from the tripadvisor. I want a warm family like and inexpensive hotel so I choose Allandale.When I arrive this Hotel, a notice was post on the door that told me they have change the management to best western. We have book a double room in Allandale Hotel but they give me a twin room in Best western hotel instead. The Staff in best western was cool and not friendly from the receptions to the house keeping staffs. The room was small and have some bad smell. Outside the window was some rubbish. I want told that I want the room in Allandale Hotel, but they are impolite to told to me that our hotel is a three stars hotel and Allandale is just a two star, we are much better than Allandale, But i don't think so. As lease the people are not nice and the room was not good. If you have book the hotel but not pay yet. I recommend that you cancel your booking. If you pay it already you may ask for refund since best western is not as goog as Allandale. A hotel called London Gruds hotel nearby is inexpensive and good fo the price 59 GBP. you may book this hotel.	
Dec 28 2006 	Very Disappointed	We booked the Allandale Hotel and paid a deposit, but turned up at the door to find someone who couldn't speak english pointing us across the road to the Best Western Paddington Court.We wandered across quite confused expecting some kind of enlightenment when we got there. But we were disappointed to find the lady on reception telling us we were in the wrong hotel. Eventually she consulted her supervisor and we were told that the Best Western had taken over the Allandale and we would be staying in the Paddington Court during our stay.On top of that they tried to charge us for the room again, even though we had pre-paid, and despite booking a triple room, and being told we would get a triple room when it was ready, we returned to the hotel to find a double room and had to be moved again. We were also told the bags would be taken to our room, but had to move them ourselves after the triple room was sorted out.I understand that meging two hotels must create some difficulty. But we were not informed of the take-over in advance, and weren't really offered any kind of gesture of apology after our plans were disrupted.The experience at BW Paddington Court was not what we were expecting at the independent Allandale, and it spoiled an otherwise enjoyable trip to London. I won't be returning.	
Dec 8 2006 	Very sad: There is no Allandale Hotel anymore	I loved my stay at the Allandale Hotel (nice, very clean room, charming atmosphere and friendly, caring hotel staff) - the first part of it anyway. Because during my stay, there was a change of management. The Allandale was bought by Best Western. I learned about this when I came - loaded with christmas shopping - back to the hotel one afternoon and workers were removing the &quot;Allandale&quot; signs at the doors. My nice room &quot;Italy&quot; was suddenly number 611 and there was a note on my bed, that the Allandale now belongs to the Best Western chain. They also changed the very nice duvet to a simple woolen blanket (Best Western standard!). After a horrible night (I was so cold under the thin blanket I even got the towels from the bathroom to wrap me up in) I went for breakfast in the Best Western Hotel opposite the street as I was supposed to do according to the note on my bed. It was a very different experience form the nice breakfasts at the Allandale Hotel I have had the days before. It was busy and chaotic. I waited ages for my tea (it really took me 20 minutes to get the attention of a staff member to order some tea - and then again 10 minutes to get some milk). The buffet was out of plates so people put there toasts in bowls. Also the qualtity of the food was very low. I mean: Yes, the breakfast selection at the Allandale was limited, but the eggs were fresh and cooked to your order and the jam tasted lovely. At the best western the eggs tasted dry and old (having been standing on the buffet for hours probpably) and the jam was very artifical. I very much liked the atmosphere at the Allandale breakfast (linen table cloth, lovely decoration etc.) - at the Best Western everything was just cheap and hectic. It is very sad, but under the new management of the Best Western Paddington Court the Allandale will become a part of a chain hotel with no indivdual charm at all. And I have only seen the first signs of it! At check-out (now at the Paddington Court hotel opposite the street) they ask for my room number and when I said &quot;Italy&quot; they looked at me like I just landed on the moon. And then they wanted to charged me a night to much. No problem here , mistakes happen - we sorted that out after a few minutes. But the way I was treated was not very polite or friendly. I am very sad, that just when I found this charming, affordable hotel with personal and caring service it is took over by a hotel chain (which is at the moment errating all indvidual touches).	
Aug 29 2009 	??		
Aug 27 2009 	Tres petit et tres cherer		
Jul 21 2009 	??		
Feb 5 2008 	Sopra le aspettative il Paddington Court Hotel		
Mar 6 2007 	Très mauvaise expérience		
