	If you enjoy sleeping on a park bench then this is for you..	Stayed from Thursday to Sunday. The standard double room is clean but the bed is the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on, you need to change position regularly to avoid paralysis (and I imagine like sleeping on a park bench!). Having spent a lot of time visiting many hotels on city breaks this is not on my list of 'would return anytime soon'.The hotel relies upon it's location rather than it's amenities and comfort. The staff are friendly and keen to please but this does not make up for the lack of facilities. On the plus side, they do provide a good breakfast and the bar offers a decent last stop before retiring but the rooms are in desperate need of an update (the last time I had a hairdryer like that i was trying to emulate a Farrah Fawcett flick!). The worst, however, is the noise on a Saturday night. Friday was bearable but on Saturday I thought the hotel fire alarm had gone off at half three in the morning but realised it was a police siren from outside.Decent double glazing and decor upgrading would make this a hotel worthy of a good weekend break. 	
	Great location poor rooms	You can't have a better location in London. You're near everything. It's a great hotel for a first time in London.Unfortunately the rooms aren't modern. They are dark and noisy.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location - Average Accommodation	Stayed at the Thistle Piccadilly in London for a couple of nights whilst away on business.Initial impressions of the Hotel are that it’s in a fantastic location – in the heart of Leicester Square and near all the main attractions including China Town, Piccadilly, Regent Street and Covent Garden. Unfortunately like so many hotels in London, space is a premium and what’s inside these Hotels are often not very memorable.My room on the 5th floor was a single room on the small side. It’s obvious that the building is quite old – hence the narrow corridors. Albeit being a small room, it was well maintained and clean. An LCD TV and WiFi courtesy ‘BTOpenWorld’ was a bonus and even though my room was on the front – I didn’t get disturbed too much from the London revellers outside.I only tried the breakfast once and from what I tried it was okay. Although the restaurant in the basement was not very large – I did wonder what they would do if the hotel was at full capacity.Overall, the excellent location was a plus, but I do feel this hotel could do with a refurbishment in order to make this a 4/5 star rated hotel. I’ve stayed in many similar standard hotels in London previously, and just on the strength of its location I would return back to the Thistle Piccadilly again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Couldn't have been better	My daughter and I were very pleased with the facilities and central position of this hotel. The Hop on Hop off Bus was just across the road and the Theatres were only a stone's throw away. A most enjoyable three days at this hotel especially when were were upgraded to a larger room with ensuite, from memory I think it was Rm 706.	
Oct 3 2009	Decent hotel but rooms can be rather small	I stayed here for one week (thankfully someone else was paying -- I imagine it was expensive!). We had a large room that overlooked Leicester Square, which meant that the location was fantastic however there can be a lot of noise at night. Our room was really quite large, as was the bathroom (sunny, too!). However, my parents' room was the same rate but quite small, with a tiny bathroom that had no windows. So, I think it can be a gamble for which size room you receive. I enjoyed having a teapot and kettle in the room. The rooms were made every day, the beds were enormous, everything was very clean. There is a nice deep bathtub for having a bath, which I also enjoyed. I would stay there again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Location location location - perfect !	I received an email with 30% off Thisle hotels usual price , so grabbed a bargain quickly .You could'nt wish for a more central hotel , Oxford Street ,Leicester Square (our room looked over the square ), Soho ,Trafalger Square and loads more within easy strolling distance .Yes the decor in some of the rooms is dated and in need of some TLC , but seriously for a weekend in this location for £150 ( double en suite ) that can be forgiven . Staff are friendly and helpful ,beds are clean ,big and comfy ,huge bathroom also very clean . NCP CAR PARK JUST 2 MINUTES DOWN ROAD , a big bonus in central London. When we next are in London this will be our first choice of hotels .Tip - don't be swayed by cheaper hotels outside this area as it could cost you a fortune in taxis to get to some of the tourist attractions . ( We know this from personal experience ! )	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Location	My husband and i have just returned from a bussiness trip. We had an early morning meeting so needed to stay in the city over night. The company we work for booked us into The Thistle. This hotel is in an excellent location for sight seeing and shoping. We found the staff very friendly and efficient. The rooms are adequate but i would say the furniture and fittings although clean are a little tired and in need of updating the same goes for the bathroom.	
Aug 24 2009 	NOTHING BUT LOCATION	I chose this hotel by location and air conditioning. They clear it, but that`s all.My room was non-smoking but I could smell smoke from the old towels, it was really not nice.The light in the bathroom was way too dark, never made me felt I was staying at 4 stars. No fridge and hairdryer at my room though their Web sounds like all rooms have them. The most problem for me was the noise protection! I really think they do need to do something for it as they locate very middle of the city centre. It woke me a couple of times.The pillows are too soft, the matress brought me back pain.The breakfast is boring.....I will never be back to this hotel.	
Jun 28 2009	Terrible service	The rooms were clean except for some black mold in the shower, but the service was terrible. They charged us 6 pounds to use their computer to look up our flight information. The staff, except for one concierge, was rude and acted as if our staying there was an inconvenience for them.	
May 21 2009	Lovely staff - but got no sleep	I stayed here for a couple of nights for my birthday, the room was basic but acceptable, though I would only class it as a 3 star hotel. Having said that we got a good deal, so it was fine for what we paid.the staff were lovely, the porter especially who helped us with our bags, called taxi's for us and held an umberella over our heads when we left as it was raining outside, and always did so with a smile. The reception staff were also very helpful and friendly.However as the location is so central and really close to Soho, I got no sleep, there was constant noice all night outside of my room on one of the nights from drunk people, and then first thing in the morning the rubbish men were coming down the street outside. This was not so good. Didn't eat at the hotel, as breakfast was too pricey.If your in London for a lively weekend anyway then this shouldnt bother you, you cannot beat the location if you want somewhere central to theartres/shops/bars/restaurants in London.	
Apr 23 2009 	A night to be missed	I normally use hotels for business trips. The Thistle hotel was booked as review on the website looked OK and we needed somewhere close to theatreland What a disappointment, check in was 2pm, we arrived 3.30pm checked in and found our room had not been cleaned and the beds left unmade by the previous occupant, eventually had a free drink at the bar and allocated another room around 4.15pmOne bath towel and one hand towel for two persons.Breakfast was full English, self service from unheated containers, all compents of the breakfast were cold.The staff were all very pleasantOverall a high price for a mediocre hotel	
Apr 13 2009 	Fantastic Location	Great location in the centre of London, Piccadilly, if you want to go to SoHo this is your hotel. I stayed in this Hotel back in Feb 2009 for 2 nights, @ the rate of £128.00 per room Per night for a double room. Reception is a bit dated but the room was fantastic. I stayed in this hotel once before with my partner and some other people walked in and would not leave the room so had to call the night manager and he escorted them out, I was told I was going to get a free upgradde from what ever I book. I rang reception before I checked in. And the lady on check in said Its a nice room but No Upgrade. Oh well stoy of my life. On the seceond night Council started to drill outside my window from 08.00am , called reception and they said if I wanted to move. (who wants to move at that time of the morning) On ceheck out I didn't even get an appology. I sure will stay in this hotel again all because of the night staff I was chatting to. They were fantastic Esp:- Heetashee, This lady gave fantastic customer service, I would sure would hire her for my company to teach my employee. (Mr GM please give her a pay rise)	
Mar 30 2009 	location location location.	broadly agree with other reveiwers. the rooms are dated and need a makeover. our room was small but for some reason the bed was two 3/4 size beds bolted together, making it bigger than a king-size and too big for the room. it would easily sleep 3 people or maybe even 4 at a squeeze. one way to keep the price down maybe. the main reason to book this hotel is the location, which is within walking distance of just about everything. it would be fine for 1 or 2 nights but not longer. also, do yor research on the various hotel booking sites as the prices for the hotel vary greatly.	
Mar 11 2009 	Friendly helpful staff not 4 star quality hotel though	My friend and I stayed here for one night having come to London from Norwich to attend a conference during the day and to see a show in the evening. The hotel is in a very central location, very convenient for theatres, restaurants and shops. All the staff we encountered at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful. However, the room was very disappointing and not 4-star quality. The twin-bedded room was tiny, bathroom needed a make-over and the beds and pillows were far too hard. The only thing in its favour was a large modern flat-screen tv with a good selection of channels. Although the room was on the 4th floor a lot of noise from the road outside and loud revellers could be heard during the night. The breakfast was excellent and the restaurant where it was served was very comfortable and nicely decorated. Good choice of cereals, fresh fruit, breads and pastries as well as cold ham, cheese and hot choices for an English breakfast.Overall we enjoyed our stay but having stayed in quite a few 4-star hotels in London, I do not feel this hotel matches up to these others in terms of bedroom quality and facilities provided in the room, e.g. toiletries, good quality towels, tea &amp; coffee provisions which were extremely scant.	
Jan 14 2009	Great location..	Stayed in the Thistle for my daughter's 16th birthday, the only good things about the hotel was the location and the friendliness of the staff, in general we found the hotel to be old fashioned, very expensive for what you got, we paid £150.00 per night for a room which was meant to be de luxe - however i would doubt this from the condidtion of the room, it had peeling wallpaper and the bathroom was certainly from the early 1970s'. I had phoned the hotel during the week and asked for a room with a view in light of it being a special occasion and the view we got was of McDonalds across the road. However it is a terrific location and a short stroll to most of central London and the reception and concierge staff were lovely.	
Dec 18 2008	Very good indeed...	The hotel cannot be beaten on location.Slap bang in the heart of the theatre district.It overlooks Leicester Square which is naturally a stroll to Trafalgar, Piccadilly and China Town etc.And having stayed more than once always enjoyed the vibe.The last time (Dec 08) the booking firm had messed up and there was no reference to my booking, but having told them I traditionally use this hotel, they sorted me out with a cracking room with a great view over Leicester Square. And this despite being virtually full.Must mention the less than wonderful aspects though which would be a factor if you were wanting a luxury break.It's an old hotel and a little worn at the edges. Though clean and pleasant throughout.And the real disappointment being breakfast. It was virtually offensive. A buffet of dodgy meat, and egg, sweating in canteen trays. Juice from concentrate and cheap white bread.But this is the UK and we serve crap pretty much everywhere :(Best to get a deluxe room. Then you have a lovely base from which to explore the city on foot if you wish.Just skip breakfast!	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Location.	Just returned from a weekend trip to London staying in the Thistle Piccadilly.Excellent Location. Within walking distance of most sites in London, very very little use for public tranport.Staff are very friendly and helpful.Decor is a little worn and the room we stayed in, room 102 had only a view of a wall and airconditioning units.This is an excellent hotel for an easygoing couple who want to be in the middle of the city, with a clean and friendly if somewhat basic hotel to stay in.	
Nov 17 2008 	Disappointed with hotel. Good Location	Just returned from 1 night at this hotel. Room 205 on the 2nd floor was ok on first viewing, but bathroom was terribly old fashioned, pink suite, corroded sink taps, dirty grey net curtain over window etc., Awful windows did not open which was a shame as the view onto the main high street was good and we arrived back at midnight and pulled our chairs up to the window to see the goings on at the Cafe de Paris opposite and would have liked to hear the atmospheric hustle and bustle. flat screen tv nice touch.After shopping late afternoon arrived back to a awful stink in the lobby where we went to have a drink. The receptionist said it was a burst pipe in the kitchen! What a sewage pipe? We were grateful we were not eating breakfast there. Staff tried to mask it by spraying air freshner around. £ 7 for wine &amp; soda! ! Lager reasonable.7am the airconditioning unit started to leak on to the floor.Only had 1 sachet of coffee in the room, asked on our way out to the theatre for more and when we arrived back, there was a 1/3 of a carrier bag of milk, coffee, tea &amp; sugar. Very generous.Summary:Ask for room on Floor 7 at the top, our friends had room 701 lovely Queen/king Size bed room, modern bathroom, although they said tiles were coming off - did not see this.Staff were fine.Very central, just a walk of 2-3 mins from Piccadilly Circus and the underground.Paid £ 150 per twin room no breakfast. Disappointed - did not feel this hotel was a treat to stay in.	
Nov 2 2008	great hotel	have just returned from this hotel and we had a really good time with friendly staff and the great location however we had a few hiccups on arrival the room was not ready and when we returned at 3.15 we still had to wait 10 more minutes for the key also when we received our bill at checkout it was £40 more than what we had booked it for with londontown.com however they have told me that this will be resolved between the hotel and londontown.com tomorrow i will keep you posted on this i would return to this hotel for location and friendly staff also the rooms were clean and airconditioning and heating both working also loads of hot water at all times for baths and showers breakfast was good and would keep you going all day until dinner time overall i would rate this hotel 7 out of 10	
Nov 1 2008 	A good break	My husband and I have just returned from London staying one night at the Thistle Piccadilly for our wedding anniversary. We booked this hotel dispite some of the comments made on Trip Advisor as we was going to see Mama Mia which is literally next door to the hotel. When we arrived at 2.20 (check in is 2pm), we was told due to being short staffed our room wasn't ready and could we come back in 30 minutes, on our return at 3pm our room still wasn't ready. The staff where really appologetic and moved us to what we was told was a better room. The room was very good, warm but not too hot. We had tea making facilities a plasma T.V. (even though my husband would have liked teletext) and an enormous bed, the decorating was ok and we found it in very good condition considering how many people must use these rooms and lastly we had a good view. Our package, that wasn't cheap but this is central London included breakfast, there was cereals, yoghurt, fresh fruit, cheese and ham, followed by a full english and toast (we had two racks), there was orange juice, cranberry juice, apple juice and water to drink plus tea or coffee was poured out for you, as much as you want. So all in all we had a very good break and wonder what some people expect. The hotel is central to most of the theatres, tourist sites, cinemas, pubs, clubs and restaurants at very good prices with plenty of choice.	
Oct 13 2008 	Tired	Stayed here for one night on business. The location is excellent, right next to Piccadilly, Leicester Square and Chinatown, but the hotel needs attention. The room was OK but the decoration was tatty and the bathroom decor a period piece in the wrong kind of way. Breakfast was in a poky basement dining room and was barely satisfactory.There's nothing actually wrong with this hotel, but the overall impression is uninspiring. You should be able to do better.	
Sep 25 2008 	Location can't be beat	In fairness, this hotel probably has one of the best locations in London. Leicester Square, The West End, Covent Garden etc etc are all a few minutes walk away so no hot and sweaty tube journeys anytime you want to go somewhere. Upon checkin they first put us in a smoking room by mistake and by god it smelled absolutely horrible. We got moved to a non smoking room and it was much better, the view was pretty crap looking out onto the back of the hotel but I guess considering the central nature of the property, where space is at a premium perhaps this is to be expected.Otherwise we had no problems during our stay, the reception staff seemed more than happy to help with any queries and we would consider this hotel again in the future.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great location great staff - would definitely stay again!	We just got back from 5 nights in the Thistle Piccadilly, which we booked due to its proximity to a film festival we were attending in Leicester Square.The room was a good size, clean and very comfortable, and the staff were really friendly and helpful, giving us an upgrade and finding us a room not facing onto the building work that is currently going on where the Swiss Centre was.We had to wait a couple of hours to check in, but they looked after our luggage while we went off to meet friends, so that wasn't a problem.You could hear a bit of noise from outside at night, but not a lot considering its central location - most London hotels we've stayed in before have been noisier. Our room was on the 6th floor, so that probably helped. Both of us slept really well - and I'm not a good sleeper normally!We would definitely stay again, provided we could get the rooms at the same sort of price through Expedia or similar - the late booking prices are far too high.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fab location 	I booked this hotel after reading other reviews on travelocity and researching other local hotels etc.I had planned a trip for my boyfriends birthday and we were going to the Comedy Store Piccadilly - which was absolutely brilliant! - so i wanted a hotel as close as possible. This one was literally 1 minutes walk!I had booked through the hotels website and let them know it was my boyfriends birthday and also ordered champagne on arrival.When we arrived a lovely lady called Claire upgraded us to an executive suite on the top floor, gave us £5 off vouchers each for the breakfast and 2 free drinks in the bar! Later on when we chose the champagne, we actually ended up with an £80 bottle even though I'd only paid £35 for it on the website booking!Room was great, comfy bed and big plasma tv.Bathroom was fresh and clean, not as small as i was expecting either.Great views over piccadilly.Breakfast is far too expensive and we wouldnt have bothered if we didnt have the vouchers.Even so, as we were checking out we didnt get charged at all for the breakfast or extra for the champagne!Great stay and would definately go back!	
Aug 26 2008 	Fantastic Time!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last week for our wedding anniversary. We booked the hotel through lastminute.com and got a really good deal (we did have to pay up front though) Once we booked and paid for the hotel (which was non refundable) I read some of the reviews on here about shabby rooms and outdated bathrooms and I must admit I was worried.We arrived at the hotel at 1pm and was told as it was our anniversary they would upgrade us and we could check in straight away. Our room (number 603) was on the sixth floor and to my husbands dissapointment did not have a view of anything other than the back of another building but the room was nice and big, had a big flat screen TV, complimentary slippers and robe, huge bed, air conditioning, etcI will admit the paintwork in some places was chipped but the room and bathroom was clean and well presented.We had breakfast included in the price we paid, it was lovely but not worth the £14 odd pounds if you had to pay extra for it (I asked for sausage, tomato's and mushrooms and was given 1 sausage, half a grilled tomato and 6 mushrooms)The best thing about this hotel hands down is the location. We got off the tube and walked over Leicester Square and we were faced with the hotel. We did lots of shopping and went to see a show (Dirty Dancing is highly recommended) and never caught the tube, because fo the hotels location we were literally in the middle of everywhere we wanted to go. We would deffinately stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good location but needs updating	Recently in London for a show so stayed in this hotel for one night.Great location if going to any shows.The staff are very nice and nice lobby area and bar.Room was okay, a bit dated. Had a nice TV.Bathroom was clean but like something from the 1970s.Really needs to be updated.Enjoyable stay but needs updating for the price we paid.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location	Booked hotel with London.town.com after looking at various websites and reading tripadvisor. Paid £119.00 for twin room for one night stay (Friday), which I thought was a good price for the location. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready, which was fair enough. Left our bags there whilst we went sightseeing on the Original Bus Tour which was directly opposite the hotel! Returned at 1.30pm, but our room was still not ready. However, the receptionist said that she'd upgraded our room to an 'executive', so couldn't complain as we were still early anyway! When we did finally return, our room was ready. We were on the 6th floor, and as previously reported on tripadvisor, the bed was the biggest bed I have ever seen! The room itself wasn't massive, but was clean as was the bathroom. My only complaint would be if I'd paid for an executive room, there was no fridge! Breakfast was included in my rate, which was buffet style with both continental and full 'English' on offer. It was all good, but maybe not great value for money if you had to pay £14.95 for it. If you're looking for a great central location for theatre, shopping etc, and you shop around like I did, then the Thistle Piccadilly is a good choice. Maybe you could be lucky and get an upgrade like I did!	
Jul 23 2008 	Very good location - Hotel outdated and typical	The spot is very good, at the heart of Piccadilly and a few steps from the square. The hotel, is average, clean but outdated. Also the standard rooms are very very small.If you are looking for a place close to the center with &quot;real&quot; British hotel price - over priced compared to other places in the world - then this hotel might be a good choice!	
Jul 19 2008 	Mamma Mia - Can you take a chance on them?	We stayed at the Thistle Piccadilly last week for 3 nights, it was supposed to be 4 nights but when we arrived to check in at about 11 pm we were told that there was no room available as they had overbooked! While they had 'arranged' accommodation at their sister hotel (The Royal Trafalgar) close by, we had to walk there and the room we had was a dump! For me it was totally unacceptable to overbook in this way, we had guarantee arrival status and had already paid for the accommodation. I got the feeling this was deliberate and not a mistake. Therefore I will never take a chance on the Thistle chain again.Anyway we did apparently receive a room upgrade for the remainder 3 nights. The room was OK, comfortable but small. Bathroom was also small and in need of an upgrade. The room had A/C and double glazing on the windows which made it quiet on the first 2 nights but as the Hotel is opposite Leicester Square it was very noisy on Saturday night to 3 - 4 am.You certainly can't beet the location, it was really close to the theatre district and transport. By chance we had booked for Mamma Mia which is next to the hotel and also saw the Mousetrap which was about 10 min walk. Because of the overbooking experience, the fire alarm problem, lack of service etc, I can't really recommend the hotel but if you don't want to take a chance on me then the positives were that the location was fantastic and room (upgraded) was OK.	
Jun 23 2008 	Perfect location for London	Booked hotel with LondonTown.com and got upgraded from a twin to a kingsize room with possibly the biggest bed I have ever seen for £138.00 a night.Hotel is clean and welcoming . Bathrooms are functional but quite dated. Staff friendly and helpful.Location is number one. On corner of Leicester Square you are within 10 mins of Covent Garden, 2 mins Chinatown and on Leicester Square ( great for film premieres)Breakfast is usually £14.95 for full English buffet style but the receptionist gave us £5 discount vouchers so we ate in the hotel and the breakfast was lovely.Would definitely recommend	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Location	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel on Saturday 31st May, as we were in London for our wedding anniversary. We told the receptionist it was our anniversay, and she upgraded us. The room was very good, and the bed was possibly the biggest that we have ever stayed in, and must have been close to 7ft wide.The location is unbeatable for shops, theatres, Chinatown and plenty of bars and restaurants.We decided not to have breakfast in the hotel as it was a little pricey, there are plenty f places around where you can get good quality low cost foodWe would definitely recommend staying here	
Mar 3 2008	Good Location 	I stayed in this thistle hotel after a recomendation made by my friend but unfortunately it was not one of the good rooms i stayed in however the location and the reception staff were really good specially mr.a. singh who was very accomodating &amp; helpfull. I am sure your location and staff like mr.singh compensate for your not so good rooms . I enjoyed the breakfast as well.	
Feb 27 2008 	Can't ask for more	Stayed at the Thistle for a short break in April. OTT location: all theatres, clubs, shopping streets are very handy. Imagine being able to drop your shopping bags and go and hit the stores again. Amazing!!!!!!!!Service was great. We even had genuine Italian cappuccino at breakfast (not included in the standard continental menu). Staff were very helpful and we were given the biggest room I have ever seen in London. It was on the top floor, so we could even enjoy a breathtaking view of Leicester Sq. We booked a double, but a third bed for my 3 year old baby was added at no extra money (most hotels in London charge from 15£ to 30 £ for that).I'd definitely go back if I could find the same great offers I got last year through londontown.com.Highly recommended.	
Feb 21 2008 	Great Location	Have just spent two nights at Piccadilly Thistle. Great location for theatres. We were seeing Mamma Mia and it is literally a 30 second walk there. Oxford Street is less than a 10 minute walk away. The room was absolutely fine with a decent, clean bathroom. The concierge was very helpful booking us tickets for various attractions, i.e. Sightseeing Bus, Tower of London. By doing this you can bypass the queues at the ticket booths. He was also very good at giving directions on how to travel around London. Would recommend and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great location....	We stayed in The Thistle hotel for a break for our 1st wedding anniversary whilst coming to the theatre. The Thistle hotel was great value for money, especially with it's great location. We were able to access the main west end theatres on foot and plenty more!The hotel was very clean and tidy with very friendly and helpful staff. Our room was perfect for what we needed with great shower facilities and a view! The breakfast was great with plenty of choice and efficient service. We really enjoyed our stay here and would definetly use this hotel again when we come to the west end!	
Feb 4 2008 	Excellent location but cramped and dated	I picked this hotel for a one night stay for a weekend away in London to go the theatre and do a bit of sightseeing and shopping as well. For that, this hotel is ideally located, you really couldn't ask for better. It is right by Leicester Square (about 50 metres away), so is right in the middle of everything. Most theatres are less than a 10 minute walk away (we were seeing Avenue Q at the Noel Coward Theatre, a very direct 5 minute walk away), and there are restraunts, bars and clubs galore in the area. Outside is a McDonalds on one corner of the cross-roads this hotel is on, and there is KFC on another corner, so fast food is close at hand, as are 'proper' restraunts with a wide choice in the area. It's easy to find the hotel, just off Coventry street one road over from Leicester Square, opposite McDonalds.On entering the hotel the reception staff were polite, friendly and efficient. Really could not be faulted. We arrived at 11am on the off-chance we could check-in. We couldn't, but we were able to do all the paper work so all we had to do later was pick-up the room key, which made things easier. They also offered a luggage storage facility, but we were travelling light (just a small backpack), so we didn't need it. They offered the same service again on Sunday when we checked out, so very handy if you travel with suitcases and want to make the most of your days.Unfortunately, the rooms let the hotel down. We were in room 506, which had a nice view over Coventry Street below and wasn't too bad for room noise, though being this central there was a decent amount of noise during the evening, mostly muffled by the secondary glazing. The room was definately a bit on the small side, as are a lot of hotel rooms in these older buildings. The bed was huge, actually being two large single beds bolted together to form one 6ft wide double bed. However, this didn't leave room for much else in the room. There was a desk with a TV on, plus desk chair, plus a second table with two easy chairs. The problem was the gap between the bottom of the bed and the desk was about 30cm/1ft, barely enough to get through. The bathroom was a reasonable size though, although definately showing it's age and in desperate need of a re-furb.Depsite looking a bit old and tatty though, the room was spotlessly clean. There were no funny smells or questionable stains. If you didn't investigate, you'd miss the fact that they supplied a kettle, mugs, spoons and glasses, and tea, coffee and biscuits, as these were all stored away in a cupboard under the TV, pressumably to save space in the already cramped room. There was a built in wardrobe in the corner of the room by the window, with a full length mirror as well. There was a room service menu in the room which seemed decent enough, though not cheap, but also not a total rip-off. There was bar down stairs, and you could also have drinks delivered to your room. We weren't in the room any where near enough to make use of these services though, so can't comment on how good/bad they might have been.Oddly, the light switch by the room door seemed to do nothing. All the lights in the room worked indepently, it just seemed odd that the main light switch as you entered the room had no effect. Also, when we arrived on the 5th floor, we found the corridor had no lights on, and no light switch visible. Our room was only the third room down, and within 5 minutes the lights had been switched back on, so no real issue.Overall, we were happy with our choice of hotel, but only for the convienience. Would we stay here again? Probably, but we'll be trying a few of the other hotels in the area first before we return to this one. It isn't particularly cheap, but then again nothing is in central London!	
Feb 3 2008 	An overpriced dump	I stayed at the Thistle Piccadilly for work, based on its central location. When I got there, I was alone though my wife was with me on the trip. I checked in at noon and they said the room wouldn't be ready until 2:00. My meeting was at 2:00 and then I was supposed to meet my wife so I asked if I could check in much later and they said that was fine.We got there at midnight and went to get our room key. The security guard was very aggressive toward us in that we didn't have our room key, and after much frustration, we got to the front desk. I was then told that I had a single room (they still have these? At these prices??) and that I couldn't bring my wife up to my room. Further, they said they had no other rooms. I was arguing this whole concept and in the meantime, an obvious lady of the night walks right up and says she is going up to &quot;see a friend&quot; and she went on. I brought up this little inconsistency in his policies and suddenly, they had a king room, though it was a smoking room. Of course, the room was smelly and I wasn't charged extra, but I obviously could have done without all the hassle to get there. It was noisy as well, but I think you know this getting a hotel directly above one of the busiest city areas in Europe, but I won't be back there or any other Thistle hotel on my next stay in London.	
Nov 22 2007 	Thistle Piccadilly- Excellent Hotel 	We stayed at the Tistle Piccadilly for 5 nights the first week of November 2007. The hotel was excellent in every way! We found the front desk staff and bartenders always very friendly, helpful, and efficient. Their guest relations manager Mr. Singh went out of his way to help us with a reasonable room upgrade when the travel plans changed for one of our friends making it desirable for us to upgrade to a larger room to accommodate 3 people instead of 2.The bellman was most helpful on our departure morning in arranging a fixed rate cab fare during rush hour to Heathrow Airport.We found the hotel very clean and well maintained.The location is very convenient to the Tube Underground and is in close walking distance to hundreds of restaurants, great shopping, and many of London's famous museums, markets, and attractions. We liken the Piccadilly Circus area to New York's Times Square with lots of theaters, huge electronic signs, and nonstop activity on the street 24 hours a day.For the last couple of years we typically spend 2 1/2 to 3 weeks in Europe. We'd be happy to stay at the Thistle Piccadilly on a return trip as it was one of the best hotels that we have ever stayed in while in Europe, Ed	
Oct 21 2007	Thistle Picadilly Hotel	On a recent business trip (Oct 2007) I spent 4 nights at the Thistle Picadilly. The staff were very friendly and helpful, but the facilities were less than great. I had a flood in my room when water poured from the bathroom ceiling. In the new room, the forced air heat never came on. Water pressure was uncertain and the number of towels or washclothes varied from day to day. If the first room you are given is unacceptable don't hesitate to request a different room. The location is great but several colleagues spent quite a bit of time trying to locate the property. Great base of operations if doing theatre: less than a block from the reduced ticket kiosk in Leicester Square. In between two tube stations on different lines, so access to most locations in central London is quite easy.	
Oct 6 2007 	Functional not luxurious	Our stay was for one night. Our room rate was £120 for a double room (reasonable price for a London hotel).The Thistle Piccadilly is billed as a 4* hotel, and whilst it is in a good location and generally clean, the facilities do not warrant this level of award. There is no restaurant for dinner or lunch. There are no fitness facilities. There is a small bar area and you can obtain a breakfast. We asked for food after a night out and were refused (politely). The bar staff were also unable to prepare liquor coffee.The room was small, but I have never stayed in a hotel in London that has large bedrooms. The bed was very large, almost to the point of being too large for the room, but as we were only sleeping there this wasn't an issue.The bathroom was very drab. The tile grout was dirty and mildew and the bathroom smelt damp. The shower was powerful and sufficient towels were supplied.We didn't have breakfast, so can't comment on the quality of the food.I would stay again, but only for one night. If you want to visit Chinatown (as we were) the location is ideal.	
Aug 19 2007 	an excellent stay at the thistle piccadilly	We were reluctant to stay at this hotel due to some of the negative reviews we'd read here on trip adviser. However due to its fantastic location we decided to go anyway and we were so pleased we did, we found the hotel to be excellent and I really am a difficult one to please!!!My husband and I stayed with our 4 month old daughter and my mother, some reviews said the hotel wasn't 'child friendly' and while we didn't see any children at the hotel during our stay, the staff bent over backwards to help us. They provided a cot in our room at no extra cost, and gave us a room which was nice and quiet but still had excellent views,Upon checking in my daughter needed an emergancy nappy change however we were early and our room wasn't ready, as the restaurant toilets were closed due to repair work, the concierge took us to an empty hotel room and allowed us to use it to change our daughter apologising the entire time for the inconvienience....excellent service.Ok so 1 or 2 of the armchairs in the bar were a LITTLE worn but thats it! The hotel room was spacious well decorated and we had a queen sized bed. The reception and the bar staff were attentive and the concirege was very helpful and imformative and we all enjoyed the breakfast. As I said the location was fantastic, we were right in the middle of leicester sq and piccadilly circus, within easy walking distance of regents st, trafalgar sq and all the major theatres in fact mama mia is next door! I really can't recomend this hotel highly enough.	
Aug 15 2007 	Nice location horrible room	I must admit I have a favourite hotel in London, it's 4 star that has never cost me anymore than 89 pounds per night near Victoria Station, on this occassion that hotel was booked out and so I came across the Thistle. I was quoted 114 pounds for the room for then night which I decided was reasonable given it's proximity to the nightlife in the West End. I was fairly impressed as a I entered the hotel, checkin was fast and efficient and I was soon making my way to the room on the 5th floor.The lift was grubby so too was the corridor, I began to stop expecting much at this stage, then I entered the room which was a reasonable size but was obviously last decorated in the 1980's.Half the lights in the room didn't have bulbs but most annoyingly the bathroom was just awful, there were hairs in the bath, grime around the sealants of the tub and a shower head head that simply didn't work.During the night of my stay I was woken up at 3am by a gang of people laughing and joking, they didn't stop until 5am.I wouldn't go back to this Thistle Hotel but is very well located, just a little overpriced in my opinion.	
Jul 29 2007 	Can't get anymore central	The only reason to pay the expensive rate on this hotel is it's location. You simply can't get anymore central in London. Imagine a night out in the West End then falling into your hotel after a 5' walk. Leicester Sq is outside the front door, and is ALWAYS busy, so you can feel relatively safe at any time of day or night. As is the case with most London 4* hotels, it's really a 3* at most, with tired decoration, peeling wallpaper, old bathrooms and aircon that doesn't work. So not the place to spend too much time, but then hey! your in central London, get out more. Reception staff were really helpful, which is sometimes sadly unusual in London. Breakfast was disappointing especially for £14. Played heavy metal music on the tannoy, food was stale and cold. I wouldn't recommend it if, unlike me, you had to pay for it yourself. However I would probably stay again if I was out on the town and could get a good discount	
Jul 26 2007	great locationexcellent service	This hotel is in a great location, between Piccadilly circus and Leicester square. It is great for access to many theatres, restaurants and shopping.There is some noise at night due to it's location but compared to other hotels I have stayed in, I found it quiet quiet and they do have double glazing.The room was lovely, a good size, with a good size bathroom and they were both immaculate. The staff were great, very polite and nothing was too much trouble for the.Would definitley go back.	
Jul 23 2007 	good location v expensive but that's london tired decor	stayed at the thistle on business; last minute booking and rate was £233 inc bfast, previous day would have been £300! hotel slap in middle of west end; soho and westminster/embankment easily walkable.room small and tired, bfast included but there's a mcdonalds across the road!ok hotel if booked early, or on a tour - clean, comfortable and central.	
Jul 18 2007 	Nice Hotel	This is a nice hotel in a convenient location. Being just a couple ofblocks from the Piccadilly Circus tube station, it's a great locationto travel from or be in the middle of an entertaining area. It's a brief walk from plenty of shopping, restaurants, theaters, sites, etc.Those complaining of lots of street noise at night are correct: thereis a lot of foot traffic and general noise from people until midnightor so. If you're not someone who stays up and/or out late, this may not be the hotel for you. If you enjoy going out and having fun, the noise won't be there when you want to go to sleep.Rooms are of very decent size. Bathrooms are also pretty good. No problems with the rooms or accomodating hotel staff. I would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Gratitude to the Thistle	Wasn't planning on staying overnight in London as I was just flying through the city, but a breach in security at Heathrow caused the terminal to be shutdown and all flights canceled. I cannot say enough about the concierge that evening. He truly helped a stranded mother with her young son. He helped to bring a rainbow to a terribly frustrating situation. I will definately stay at the Thistle upon my return to London. Decor was fine, breakfast was great. Right in the heart of Piccadilly. Sightseeing bus right outside, many resturaunts are close. Just a short walk from the underground. Thanks again!	
Jun 29 2007 	Does the Job but needs to be updated	This hotel was booked for me. Good breakfast and fantastic location. However, the hotel is seriously let down by the poor decor. Would not recommend for someone looking for a room with a nice fresh feel.	
Jan 24 2007 	What a location!	I have stayed here on business so can't comment on the value for money factor, however it is a hotel in a great location! We have had several different double rooms - all good sizes, slightly shabby bathroom with one room, great showers in all!A full breakfast was included in my rate - very tasty. Really nice to have a cold buffet &amp; then have your choice of hot breakfast cooked to order (no bits of bacon congealing under a hot lamp here) , very old fashioned almost, but in a nice way. The dining room is quite small but nice. The restaurant staff have been very helpful, including getting me a jug of milk for my room	
Jan 12 2007	great location	my husband and i stayed here because we won a competition for a show and a night in london (dirty dancing is brilliant by the way!) Its true that the rooms look dated but ours was clean and comfortable and the staff friendly and helpfull. We couldn't really complain as we hadn't paid for the room or meals - which were very nice - and we would stay there again as the location is great, everything is in walking distance, just minutes from the tube, although if I was paying, maybe I would expect more updated rooms and bathrooms.	
Dec 21 2006 	Not a good experience	My stay was booked for me and several colleagues by our employer. We turned up to find that one of the rooms had been cancelled and initially they seemed reluctant to reinstate the booking. My employers confirmed they had not cancelled so it must have been the hotel admin.The lifts were tiny which is not good if people are carrying luggage.In two of our batch of rooms none of the lights worked. We were checking in mid-evening so it was pitch black in there. Reception eventually managed to find someone to sort this out. Then I saw how tiny my room was. It was amazing how they could justify £125 per night for this room! The bathroom was tiny too. The light in there took ages to come on and then I found I had to run the tap for several minutes before I could get any hot water. I was in a hurry to get washed and changed so this caused a major hold-up for me.And I had booked a smoking room but there were no ashtrays (a minor problem but annoying on top of the other problems).A couple of months back I paid £80 for a gorgeous room at the Novotel in Central London where it was spacious, everything worked, and the staff were excellent. The Thistle in Piccadilly is overpriced and the staff are inefficient. Avoid this hotel!	
Dec 8 2006 	Lovely Staff. Very old fashioned interior !!	Arrived 12/5/06 - 12/7/06. Exterior of the hotel eclipsed by all the work scaffolding surrounding the building. Reception Staff informative and friendly. Our room was a deluxe Kingsize rm. Opening the door we were greeted by very old fashioned bathroom directly opposite door, with chipped garish pink and white tiles. (very 80's). Definately needs updating. The carpet saw better days in the 90's. The room was a reasonable size and the bed was clean and inviting. What made up for the shabby furniture and fittings was the spectacular view from our floor to ceiling window. Directly over leicester sq. It really put a smile on our faces. During the stay our main light flickered constantly and the (heating)air conditioning didn't work. However the included in the stay breakfast was very good and really we didn't spend a great deal of time in the hotel. Our trip to london was fantastic. Hotel very cheap for central London and for that reason I highly recommend it to others. Just be prepared for 3* surroundings. Hope this helps !!	
Oct 1 2006 	Outstanding location comfortable room some service problems	After winning a 5-night stay at the Thistle Piccadilly on a Priceline bid (for a 3* hotel in the Mayfair/Soho area), I was concerned by the mixed reviews the hotel has received on TripAdvisor. However, my stay here was very pleasant and comfortable. My standard double room, though showing a few small signs of wear and tear (e.g., peeling wallpaper), was clean, nicely furnished and spacious enough. Although the room was on the first floor (in the U.S., this would be considered the second floor) overlooking an extremely busy, noisy intersection, the double windows meant that I wasn't at all disturbed by noise. I had come prepared with earplugs, but never once needed to use them. Between the soundproofing and the comfortable bed (with crisp white duvet and firm mattress), I slept very well each night.The air-conditioning worked very efficiently. There was tea/coffee-making equipment and a trouser press, but the room did not have a safe or mini-fridge. The bathroom could have used some updating - there were a few chipped tiles and areas that could have used re-grouting. However, it was clean and spacious, and water temperature and pressure in the shower were excellent. I found the retractable clothesline very handy for drying hand-washed items of clothing.The staff was generally friendly and helpful, but there were a few hiccups in service: (1) The receptionist tried to charge me for the stay even though it had been prepaid through Priceline; I had to show them the Priceline voucher on check-out as well as check-in; (2) The hotel appears to be disorganized and perhaps understaffed in housekeeping. One day, I returned to my room briefly after 4 pm, and saw that the room had not yet been cleaned that day. A few minutes later, a housekeeper knocked on the door and asked to clean the room that very minute, because she was due to go off shift very soon, so I left the room because she was pretty insistent. Returning to the room later, I found that she had been in such a hurry that she'd left some card keys and cleaning supplies behind; she had also left me several mini-soap bars but no shampoo! (3) At 6:30 am one morning, I was woken up from a deep sleep by a wake-up call I had not ordered; and (4) One of the concierges had very limited command of English, and could not answer basic questions such as the cost of Internet access provided by the computer in the hotel lobby. (It turned out to be very expensive - about 4 GBP for 20 minutes' access - but there are plenty of reasonable Internet cafes in the vicinity.)Since I was paying a bargain rate for this hotel ($80/night including taxes and fees), these minor service problems didn't bother me, and I was very happy with my stay at the Thistle Piccadilly. However, the normal room rates for this hotel are much higher, and if I'd been paying those rates, I'd have expected a higher standard of service. Finally, this hotel could not be more centrally located: right between Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus, in the heart of theatreland, on the edge of Chinatown, and a stone's throw away from both Soho and Trafalgar Square.	
Sep 17 2006 	In need of a a refurb	I booked the hotel having read the web site review and having stayed previously at a vey good London Thistle Hotel. This particular hotel is clearly not a four star hotel as advertised on the Thistle web site. The exterior and entrance looks decidely worse for wear as does all the Hotel decor. Check in was ok with no problems and staff were helpful. The location is very central for Theatres, cinemas, Chinatown and many restaurants, It is noisy as you would expect due to its central location.Our room was a disappointment for a deluxe room. It was clean but was a let down due to the aged decor. You could see where the wall paper had been re stuck to the walls where it had previously peeled. The room air conditioning did not work. The bathroom was small with a tiny hand basin. Mould could be seen between the tiles some of which were chipped. The dining room was quite pleasant with attentive staff although you had to wait on occasions for the buffet food to be prepared, Startlingly my wife found mould on her toast.The Hotel really cries out for a total refurbishment. Having paid full price for our two night stay the Hotel was in all a very big disappointment. I for one will not now be considering the Thistle group of hotels for any future accomodation..	
Sep 13 2006 	Superb Hotel	Stayed for one night in the Junior exec suite. Huge room (for London) flowers, chocs and wine in room. Top floor and no noise at all. Staff more than friendly and ideal location for all major attractions.Couldn't fault anything and will re book for our next trip to London.If visiting London stay here	
Aug 15 2006 	very nice	Thistle Picadilly is very nice. Clean. Everything looked brand new. We had 2 adults &amp; 2 children in our room &amp; were given a room with king size bed &amp; 2 roll aways. I was worried about the noise factor staying in this area, but the room was quiet. The room was air conditioned. Great stay &amp; great location!	
Jul 14 2006 	Very Retro?!	Stayed here for 2 nights. Room very big, bathroom needed updating, pink and green suite with white cracked tiles, very off putting when showering. Breakfast was waiter/ress served, poached egg cold and who wants cucumber with their breakfast? Location spot on but thats all the Thistle piccadilly has going for it!	
Jul 1 2006	very Good Location	This hotel is set in the middle of Lancaster Square, and Picadilly Circus, just minutes walk away from Regent Street and also Soho. the hotel is in a great location. With everything on your door step, all within walking distance. We also found the staff in this hotel to very friendly and helpful. the noise from the street wasn't a problem, but what can you expect from the hotel in the heart of London.One thing this hotel could do with, and thats the rooms could do with a refurbishment, the room we (305) was looking a little tired and rundown, but at the same time it was clean and comfortable. Overall I will for sure be staying at this hotel again, for the location.	
Jun 29 2006	Things have really omproved	I read the reviews of this hotel, but since the new General Manger took over things have been getting so much better. I have used this hotel on my frequent trips to London for two years. He really has improved the service and the look of the lobby and outside. So before you are put off give it a chance. The guy also runs the Thistle Trafalgar hotel down the road, and that too is much better now.	
May 17 2006	Appaling Treatment of Customers!	This is the 2nd time this year we have booked a weekend break at this hotel only to be told the hotel had no room for us and we were to be moved hotels. I think it must be company policy to move people around like this and it is an appaling treatment of its customers.We will never stay in a Thistle again.	
Mar 13 2006	Don't stay here!!!	We were in London last week and stayed at this hotel. We didn't like anything about the hotel except it is in a good location. They messed up our reservation which was on a prepaid voucher. They had us in for the next month. They gave us an upgrade that they should be ashamed of and told us it was complimentary and then charged an extra 20 pounds a day to our travel agency, when it was their mistake. It was in need of updating. The rooms were dingy and small, the air stale. The bathroom wasn't heated at all and it felt like Antarticia. The shower was so narrow and the shower curtain sticks to you which was so annoying. There was no alarm clock and I do recommend that you bring one while traveling abroad because most hotels don't have them. It was not a good value for the money. It is a noisy hotel because it is in Picadilly Circus and Leceister Square and there is a lot of action going on all night. We were thankful that we were on the 6th floor. The staff was lazy. On arrival I was struggling with the door and they watched me and just did nothing to help. The conceige Muhumed was the only helpful one. The breakfast was just okay nothing special. Our recommendation is to find another hotel don't waste your money here.	
Nov 6 2005 	Couldn't beat it	I was very put off by all the negative reviews but booked for one night because the location was very close to a conference I was attending. Our experience was first rate. We stopped by in the morning to leave the bags with the concierge then didn't return until almost midnight. The overnight guy on the desk was very efficient, and our rooms were quiet, clean, and comfortable (my colleague was in a single and I was upgraded to a double).I was going to move the second night but changed my mind and was able to stay in the same room. Again, first rate with no problems with the bills, wake up calls, or anything else. I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 2 2005	This hotel is not as bad as these reviews	Ok, i have to say after I read these reviews I almost booked another hotel since I've never been to London and didnt want to stay at a horrible place. First of all, the location of this hotel cant be beat. You are in the middle of everything, the sights, restaurants, the tube....everything is in walking distance which we absolutely loved. If you are going there for a quiet night then I wouldnt recommend this area as it explodes with people at night. We were on the 3rd floor and heard absolutely NO noise from our room. The room was an average size, but you are in london...you arent going to be in your room much! Overall, this hotel had everything we needed, the location was great, and i would stay here again.	
Jul 25 2005	not good	the hotel is run down and pretty dirty. we were there two nights and had to move rooms after the 1st night. the bathroom was filthy, taps leaking and shower broken. we were moved very fast and without a problem and they didnt charge us for the 1st night (i dont think, i need to double check this!!). so for that i am grateful. 2nd room was nicer, and bathroom in better condition but was still shabby. location however is perfect. overall i would avoid this hotel unless i got a real good deal, and wasnt too bothered about the room being really nice.	
Jul 6 2005	Not good	This hotel needs to be taken down in rating and in tripadvisor ranking. I was scheduled to stay there 4 nights with my family, but ended up staying there only one night. Here is what went wrong.- Chose hotel because of their family room and location. Was told in e-mail that family room had king bed and queen sofa bed. Turned out to be queen bed and twin sofa bed. When I confronted front desk with e-mail, they really didn't have any answers. - Air conditioning didn't work in all parts of the hotel. Couldn't eat breakfast because it was so hot in there. Felt like you were taking a steam bath.Staff tried to be helpfull but didn't have facilities to work with. I would avoid hotel unless location is your main consideration	
Jun 23 2005 	Do Not Stay In This Hotel	The Air Conditioning is not working in ALL ROOMS, but they have it on in the lobby........... you can't check out or get your money back, so if you need A/C do not stay here.......... the place is old and creepy, and not the safest place to leave a window open all night........ service is very poor.I was stuck their for two nights while they promised me they were working on the A/C..... then as I checked out and moved to another hotel, they asked if they could book me into another one of their hotels..... yeah right!	
May 19 2005 	Great location but poor hotel	I was surprised by some of the reviews here. I've just stayed at this hotel and it was a truly grim experience. The location is really good EXCEPT, of course, you are right on Leicester Square. Thank god for sleeping pills - it was incredibly noisy. Try to book a room that doesn't face onto the Square. The staff is really friendly but the room was small, dingy, grim and the heating didn't work. They have such a great location here but the place needs a serious upgrade. I found it really depressing. If you just want to book for the location, do - make sure you needn't spend any time in the room!	
Apr 30 2005	Great Location Average staff.	We stayed here for one night on 22 April 2005. It cost £100, room only, booked trough the Thistle website months ago.The hotel is in a great location, right at Leicester Square, in the same block as Mamma-Mia, near theatres and cinemas. Also very close to chinatown. We walked to the Ritz for afternoon tea (15min walk), we walked to Mary-Poppins at the Prince-Edward-Theatre (15min walk), however we did walk it at 11pm on a Friday night - the place was heaving!Don't worry if there is no breakfast in your deal - McDonalds is right across the road ;-)The room was fine; clean, safe and all the basics present and correct.Problems:The previous day, I phoned and asked for an early check-in, I was told - no problem, the hotel is not full anyway. However, when I arrived the early check-in (12noon instead of 2pm) was not available. Maybe the hotel got a last minute bus party in.The receptionist was a bit surly.The public areas are a bit tired.Housekeeping are keen, they knocked my door every 30 minutes from 9.20am onwards.So, three stars for the hotel. One extra star for the location. If I got a good deal I would stay here again.	
Mar 6 2005	great location	The location is perfect. The hotel room was okay but the bathroom needed work. The public areas could also use some work. The hotel room's decor was nice and considering the location, the room was very quiet. Nice window views. The staff was nice and helpful.	
Feb 8 2005	Two Star at Best.	We stayed here at the end of November after getting an internet rate at last minute. The room was small and dingy, the carpets where very dirty and the noise was absolutely unbearable. We will definitely not be returning. If you are in London to party and stay out all hours, this hotel may be suitable for you as it has a good, if loud, location. 	
Jan 19 2005	Thistle Fantastic	The Thistle Picadilly was excellent for our stay in January 2005.Spotlessly clean comfortable rooms,friendly staff, A homely bar,great breakfast and a stunning location for Theatre and Shopping.This hotel has it all	
Jan 4 2005	Lovely room great service	Stayed here between Dec. 29 and Jan. 2 and thoroughly enjoyed the visit. The room was larger than expected and very comfortable. Althought not new, everything was kept sparkling clean and the large, deep tub was great for a long soak after a long flight, especially with the little bath gels supplied. The staff was efficient and polite. We could not get into our room when we arrived at about 8:30 a.m. because there were no twin rooms available at that hour (official check in time is 2:00 p.m.). However, a couple who had booked a double was given a room that morning. This is a hotel that does not stand on policy if it can accommodate a visitor. We were shown to our room as soon as it was available at around 1:00 p.m. -- our luggage was there waiting for us. We booked a deluxe twin -- but did not get the robes or biscuits promised. This was no big deal -- probably wouldn't have eaten the biscuits and I brought my own robe. We had no trouble with noise -- even though we were there during New Year's Eve when the streets below us were teaming with people. This may be because we were on the 6th floor -- lower floors may hear more from the streets. The small hotel bar was a nice gathering place for guests on New Year's Eve. Our breakfast was included and the breakfast room was pleasant with both English and continental breakfast items. I'm not sure how good the central heating is, but the hotel supplies a space heater that supplements the central system. Although it was necessary on the cold damp days of our visit, I turned it off at night because the room became too warm for my taste. The location is very convenient, especially to the West End theaters, which are all within easy walking distance. There's a choice of tube stops to get you to other parts of the city and the hop-on/hop-off tour bus stops across the street. Only downside is that there are no vending machines. If you like drinks or snacks in your room, buy them at the stand next to the hotel.	
Dec 2 2004	loved this hotel	This hotel is in a terrific location. Perfect for shopping and theatre. Our room was very clean and comfortable. We had a coffee tea maker which always is a plus. It was a delux room but not expensive. We booked throough Thistles own site. This hotel is on the corner of Leicester Square, a lively night time spot, so I guess you could get noise. We didn't hear a thing though. We were on the sixth floor and we seemed to have a doouble set of windows. Noise was not a problem. Staff were all very pleasant. The one problem we encountered was a long wait for a table at breakfast. Half an hour! We could go to the lobby to wait where coffee was provided. Hotel staff were very apolagetic and said they had a temporary manpower problem in the breakfast room. We decided not to wait and before I could ask, they immediately said they would make a deduction on my bill so that was fair enough.It is well worth staying here. There are three excellant delies on the same sidestreet . Just go right at hotel entrance . I wouldn't dismiss it on breakfast room account. The benefits by far outweighed the hiccups. Main points are that its very clean and in a wonderful location. We will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2004	Good Service and Nice Room	We stayed at the Thistle Piccadilly 12th-15th November 2004. We booked the hotel because of its location right by Leicester Square near the theatre we were going to, and that couldn't have been better - the theatre was literally next door. The downside on that was that on the Saturday night, it was very noisy outside until around 4.00 am from people shouting and car horns sounding off. That said, the other three nights we were there were peaceful.We had requested a high floor room and got a very nice one on the top floor. The lifts were readily available at all times. On arrival in the room it was chilly and obvious that the heating system in there wasn't working. I reported this to Reception and very rapidly a portable radiator was provided which kept the room warm throughout our stay. The beds were very comfortable and the maid service excellent.The breakfast room was particularly pleasant; the service was friendly, quick and attentive; and the breakfast itself was very good (we commend the bacon especially).The Reception staff were welcoming and keen to please, which they did. All in all, we had a good stay and would go there again.	
Nov 10 2004	Location Location Location	We stayed at this hotel from Oct. 11 to 15, 2004, and were impressed with the location as we were central to everything. The breakfast was good and well worth having it included in the hotel rate. We knew that &quot;noise&quot; was going to be a factor so were not surprised to hear a lot of activity in Leicester Sq. at 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning. We were in the heart of London! After all, a highlight was having a room directly overlooking the Square and seeing the premiere of &quot;Alfie&quot; with a bird's eye view of some pretty significant stars arriving in their limos. The hotel is definitely tired in it's appearance. The beds/mattresses definitely need replacing as they were very hard and lumpy. The staff, however, were very helpful and pleasant during our entire stay.	
Oct 19 2004	mediocre	Having stayed at three other Thistle properties in London I expected similar quality at the Piccadilly. Very disappointing. The staff seemed disinterested. The facillity needs re-modeled. Ths only upside is the location; Piccadilly and Liecester Sq, (and a good breakfast buffet).	
Oct 13 2004	First rate Theatreland hotel	The hotel is old but elegant, room spacious with amenities such as hair dryer, room service, trouser press. The staff was very helpful and courteous and the location right across from Leicester Square was marvelous particularly for those who love the theater. I notice that there are some complaints about noise. The Hard Rock casino is across the street but I only had a problem with late night noise once in a five day stay. The only vexing problem was that the elevator was not working properly for most of my stay. It worked when you were inside it but it did not respond to call buttons so you had to call down to the desk to send the elevator (lift) up any time you wanted to go out or walk down the stairs (a long walk from my fifth floor room). But this is likely a one off thing that will not repeat. I enjoyed my stay here very much and would recommend this hotel and would stay here again on future trips to London.	
Sep 21 2004	don't stay in the summer		
Aug 19 2004	Nothing to commend it other than its location.		
Jul 6 2004	great location but loud at night		
Jun 3 2004	Fantastic Location!!		
May 10 2004	great location. tacky rooms!!		
Mar 18 2004 	Fantastic Great Location		
Feb 9 2004 	Great location no frills a bit loud		
Dec 18 2003	Oi this hotel is a great choice!		
Oct 23 2003	great location		
Aug 20 2003	Great Location		
Nov 1 2009 	Malo no peor		
Oct 15 2009 	Hotel centralissimo!		
Sep 17 2009	perfetto!!!!		
Aug 2 2009 	pre- war standard		
May 4 2009	Super gelegen und das muss auch reichen		
Feb 17 2009 	Magnifica ubicacion		
Nov 15 2008	Deception...		
Sep 12 2008 	posizione unica		
May 5 2008	En general muy bien		
Apr 20 2008	Séjour inoubliable		
