Sep 30 2009 	Good Value for Money	4 of us stayed in the Quad room which was an ok size. Bathroom is an all in one wetroom which is tiny and doesnt have a shower curtain so leave you clothes outside. Shower not very powerful but all very clean. Room was on top floor of about a million stairs, very hard to get up with cases and shopping! There was no luggage room even though it stated on website there was. Breakfast cooked to order and very tasty. We had no problems with the staff, they were very polite. Over all, for under £40 each for 2 nights we were very impressed. We were not there to sit in our room, just to sleep and shower. Would recommend for a weekend of shopping/sightseeing.	
Sep 26 2009	worst place I've stayed	I'm sorry to say this but this hotel is the worst place I've ever stayed in. The room was so small my suitcase had to be left on the floor and I had to step over it or move it every time I needed to get into the wardrobe or the bathroom. The shower had no curtain so the bathroom ended up soaking wet whenever I took a shower. The toilet did not flush very well and it took ages to be able to flush it again. The room was dirty in places with a layer of thick dust on the TV and TV socket. The decor was shabby in places and wallpaper was coming off. The stairs were very steep and exhausting to climb, however it does say there is no lift in this hotel on the website. The only good things about this hotel are it's excellent location and the breakfast on a morning was lovely in a nice breakfast room. Also the staff who served the breakfast were friendly and kind so it's such a shame the rest of the hotel lets them down.	
Aug 4 2009	Not good	I recently stayed at the Avon hotel. It's pictures look good but what your actually seeing to be the lobby is the lobby. No bins in toilets. Please note toilet is very, very small. don't bring in clothes as there was no shower curtin and eveything will get wet. Lady I presume to be owner very unsatisfactory and the way I was spoken to when I asked for another towel isn't the way you would be treated in Ireland. No chair as room was so small. Don't bring heavy suitcase if you intend on staying as its all stairs and trust me i no as i was on top floor 76 steps 6 flights that is and no one to help carry cases. it would suit someone who just needed a bed for the night. price expensive and mind the service charge of 4% when you pay on departure using you credit card!!!!!!!!	
Jul 24 2009 	NO THANKS	Good value: Excellent location at Paddington Station and generally well kept although can find comparable B&amp;Bs in the area for less. Poor service: While the front desk staff were lovely, the person whom I presume to be the owner of the place has a bedside manner that leaves something to be desired. After several days of rude, snappy answers when for example we asked when the sheets were going to be changed, the final departure was classic. Whilst waiting in the lobby for the rest of our family to come down after breakfast, she retorted: “Can you please pay now so that I can get on with the rest of my day?” Charming. I have stayed at many hotels/hostels all over the world and never have I felt such hostility than at this establishment. After enduring a 5 day visit it is safe to say that I will never stay there again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Horrible	We booked a two bed room well in advance but we received a small single bed room .Internet was promised but not available.Room was located in 4 th floor, stairs extremelxy steep and narrow.Water supply was leaking and bathroom was coated with water. To &quot;resoved&quot; problem water supply cut,Result: Still water on the floor but in addition no water in the closet.To call this a hotel is a crime.	
Jul 3 2009 	nice small hotel but where was the litterbin from the toilet	Avon hotel was nice in a way that our room was clean and the toilet ok. Location of the hotel was exellent next to the Paddington station. The full english breakfast is probably nice for those... well... english people. I did not really enjoy it. We ate toast for breakfast the whole seven days. With service we had some small difficulties. Some days the cleaners forgot to change our towels even though they were on the floor and wet (because there was no shower curtain in our small toilet so we had to wipe the wet floor with something). One day the cleaner had taken our dirty towels but had left only one clean towel (for 3 person?)At the reception there was a young girl when we arrived and she wasn't very motivated for her duties I think. She did her job but... the older lady and the man were nice and helpful. Sometimes when we came back to the hotel our key wasn't in the reception and then the women or the man from the reception went to the next room to where we were staying and the key was there! WHAT?As I said our room was clean but there were somethings I would like a hotel room to have. For example a safety deposit box or a litter bin in our toilet. Or the shower curtain. Or one extra towel to dry the toilet floor with. And some of the lamps in our room didn't have a lampshade. The metro ran every ten minutes just from beneath our room and was somewhat loud. We stayed on the bottom floor.Overall our trip was nice. Maybe we will try another hotel next time. And do not go to the Scotch stake house right around the corner! Food was ridiculously overpriced!	
May 3 2009 	Perfect Location good service 	When I step into my room, I didn't like it as it is very small. Thought of changing the hotel but was told that hotels surrounding that area are small. Well, we decided to stay on and I am glad we did so. Anna, who was the person in charge of the reception, was very nice. She helped me a lot by giving me good tips on what good food to eat and was never too busy to help us with any questions. I love my morning wake up call. As the hotel is a townhouse, 7.30am sharp, we will smell the bacon and food for our breakfast. We know it is time to get up as our stomach will be growling. Location was fantastic as on the last day when we were leaving to our airport, there is a heathrow express train which help us get to the airport hassle free and very comfortable without carrying our luggages up and down the stairways of the tube. The only set back is the room which is pretty small but it is clean. Overall, it is a good place. One stop for convenience and feeling at home.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good Location clean	I stayed here for 3 nights in Jan 09. The location was great, a 2 min walk from Paddington Station, and a 10 min underground(subway) ride to everything a tourist wants to see. The room was pretty clean, not to much noise at night. Room was a tad small, but most Europe hotel rooms are a tad small. One shouldnt be hanging out in the room anyway while in London. The breakfast was good and the staff was helpful. The only thing I didnt care for, was as you can see in my bathroom pic, no shower curtain. I asked the front desk for one, and he said they dont use shower curtains.........??? Found that odd, but whatever, so, as you could imagine, the bathroom was a swimming pool when I was done. Over all a decent stay.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good budget hotel	We slept in this hotel for 4 nights. We had a triple room, which was big enough for the real time you spent in your room on a citytrip. The room was in the basement and we could hear the tube underneath us. But the second night you don't hear that anymore. Very friendly staff, good breakfast. Clean room with excellent beds. Tube and bus just around the corner. Hotel has no elevator. This could be a problem for people with legproblems. In nearby Springstreet is restaurant Ask, it's an open kitchen restaurant, good fresh food for a good price. Also in the same street there is a Caffé Nero, wonderful muffins, brownies etc. etc. and excellent cappuccino!! And all that just around the corner. What more do you want!We had a pleasant time here!!	
Dec 5 2008 	Compact and Bijoux	A compact room in a very friendly hotel. Basic and very handy for business or pleasure . Easy access to Paddington Tube station, Heathrow Express from paddington, all major tour buses and restaurants. Very convenient for Green Park, Marble Arch, Oxford Street.	
Nov 10 2008 	Cute and Homely	We had a comfortable and pleasant stay here. It is reasonably priced, neat and clean and homely. The service is good, people friendly and very helpful. The best thing is the Breakfast. They serve a wonderful continental breakfast which will keep you going even for a whole day of sight seeing!	
Aug 8 2008 	Tiny	We booked early and where aware tha 2 stars Hotel could be quite a suprice. But from reviews it got 6.5 average but by experience it should be lower.It is very important for guests to know that THERE ARE STAIRS IN the hotel. Like ladders. And you feel the trains - that did however not disturbe us - we used earplugs!First room we got had waterproblems. Next room we got tripple room for 2 and that room was ok. But that was luck! This room had the expectation size of a normal 2 person room. We felt strange was that they expected the guest to turn toilet water on and off. When we complained, oh yes I teach you how to do this.Breakfast is ok, more selection than in low price hotels. But compared to prices at home value for money - we would have got 4 stars hotel for this price.Hot water was good but all was very tiny - Would not even tell my worst enemy! IF you select it anyhow, always select twin for 2 person, the double bed is only 140 cm wide!!!	
Dec 11 2007 	nothing special	Receptionist gave us a very small room on the first floor. We only went to sleep since we arrived around 10 pm. We had breakfast in the morning which was ok i guess, but had better elsewhere. For its price i would suppose its a good choice if you want the place just to sleep.	
Nov 2 2007	The worst service ever	We went there and slept in a room with &quot;problems&quot; in the toilet.The smell was awful.The next day they asked us to change hotel (because of the smell) saying that they had already reserved a room for us.It wasn't true! And the other hotel arranged for us a twin room-instead of a double-in a dirty basement! We looked for a room in London for hours! And when we asked to the avon hotel to not charge the price for the night we spent there, they say NO! that's crazy! NEVER GO THERE!	
Aug 20 2007	A good basic budget Hotel with a great cooked breakfast.	We have just spent 3 nights at the Avon Hotel. (15th-18th August, 2007). We found the Hotel to be a good budget hotel and the staff were more than helpful. The cooked breakfast was excellent and the location (just around the corner from Paddington Railway Station) superb. We were more than happy with the Hotel and would stay there again. Older visitors need to make sure that they request a room on the ground or first floor as there is no lift.	
May 7 2007 	Too small rooms for good price	Advantages: good location, nice staff, low price for a room, a lot of restaurants around, really big English breakfasts.Disadvantages: very, very small rooms (not enough space to place your luggage), very small bathroom (70 cm wide), stairs like a ladder, wallpapers and ferniture not very &quot;fresh&quot;.I`ve spent in the hotel 5 nights. The most serious problem was the lack of space in our room. It`s a good choice for people who want to have a cheap hotel in first tube zone. You won`t find a hairdryer in your room but you can take it from a reception desk. Additional problem generated bathroom: when I was shaving the door had to be open :-).	
Apr 23 2007 	Perfect Location	We stay at the Avon in April, 2007 for 4 nights. Yes the room is tiny, but it’s a budget hotel, so I don’t know what other traveler expect when they booked the hotel. The room is tidy, bathroom is clean and the hotel staffs are friendly. But the best thing about Avon is the location, 2 minutes walk to Paddington Station which goes directly to Heathrow. Hyde Park is 15 minutes, Oxford Circus is ½ hrs walking distance, the bus stop infront of the hotel, and everything is so close by or just hops on the tube. I also compare the price with other hotel around and they have the best rate, the rate also includes a full breakfast. I would stay here again for the location and rate.	
Dec 16 2006 	overbooking and terrible aftersales	We booked for 5 nights a quad room for two parents and a daughter of 3.We first got a small 3 bed room, when we came in the reception we were told that we would get a bigger room the next day, because it was booked already.The next day we got a bigger 3 bed room. I thought well, lets leave it this way, they are just starting this service, this is ok for us.But the problem remained, it was a 3 bed room. We wanted the bigger room because we have a 3 year old, and we have t be inside every evening so we wanted a little comfort, and the quad had a seating area. Well, there was one easy sitting chair, but that was also there with the other room.No discussion possible afterwards, they charged us a quad room... dispite this Terrible way of handling customers the hotel was ok.	
Aug 7 2006 	...too small I'm afraid...	Well, we can agree with the the most of the statements mentionned here, but unfortunately everything in this &quot;Hotel&quot; is definitively too small, when you are no more a teenie or a twen.The rooms to the rear side e.g. are not much bigger than the bed. If you want to go from the door to the window your partner has to lie on the bed... In one of two rooms we have seen there was one single chair - in the other room was no chair. And where do you put your suitcase???The shower cubicle must be the same you know from a caravan. In the photo there are only a few inches left you can't see at the left and at the right side of this sadly cubicle.This is no place for someone who has visited the city and now wants to relax in his room. Or you sleep there or you leave it!And if you are quite sensitive the narrow breakfast-room in the basement is also not a subject you want to spend your money for.So the more you reach a middle age calculate some extra £ and go to a better hotel!	
Feb 8 2006	good central location	we have just arrived back from the avon hotel, we stayed on the top floor,which when we got to our room our hearts were racing. we were knackard! the room was freezing in the nights, no shower curtain. so when we took a shower the whole bathroom got very slippery &amp; wet.did`nt like the breakfast. the staff were real friendly, a good spot for sightseeing.	
Aug 26 2005	Good and friendly hotel	We (mother with two teenage daughters) stayed at Avon hotel in August 2005. The room was quite small as it was a triple room and the bathroom was really tiny. We later changed the room and got a room with a bit more space. That bathroom was also larger. The hotel is small with a friendly and serviceminded staff. I recommend the hotel if you want to have a clean, nice stay with a good breakfast. Breakfast was continental/english as you could order egg and bacon or boiled egg with tea, coffee, orange or lemonjuice, cerial, jam and toast. We were very pleased with our stay and will try to book this hotel next time we visit London. Good location in Paddington too, with a quiet square with not much traffic outside the hotel. Buses stops just around the corner of the hotel for transport to wherever you want to go for sightseeing. Also the Big Bus Company sightseeing buses stops there so it's really a good location. It's close to the subway too. As many hotels in Norfolk Square area it is a lot of stairs and no elevator if you happen to live at the top floor. But the good things about the hotel take the edge out of that little disturbing matter. Ann, Kate and Ahmed, who where the staff we met, give the hotel a good face and a warm friendly touch!	
Aug 11 2005	I Love London!!!!	I just love London!! I stayed with a friend in the Avon Hotel in Paddington. We liked it very much. The room was quite small, but very cosy and clean. It's a small hotel with 20 rooms and a friendly staff. Breakfast was good. London has many famous sightseeing attractions like the Big Ben, London Eye, Buckingham Palace, Tower &amp; Tower Bridge. But there's much more!!! I like Hamstead Heath with Kenwood House and Greenwich is beautiful! You really have to see London at least once in a lifetime....and if you have been there you want to go back!	
Aug 21 2009 	Gutes Billighotel		
May 14 2006	Good cheap hotel !!!		
