Nov 24 2009 	Small but does the job!	I stayed here for 2 nights during November. After reading all of the reviews on here before i had booked the hotel i knew it was going to be quite a small room i would be in. The room size wasn't a problem at all though as it was only used as a shower &amp; a bed so space wasn't really a neccessity. The hotel is in a brilliant location everything is within easy reach , albeit on foot or tube! The staff were a bit hit &amp; miss - some were really pleasant some really miserable! The place was very clean also. The only problem i had with the hotel is the standard of food at breakfast, i only ate there one day as the food on offer wasn't really up to much......there was no fruit only 1 type of cereal (which had seen better days) &amp; the cooked option looked as though it had been on display all week.I have stayed in worse places but i wouldn't stay here again!	
Nov 16 2009 	Small and good hotel in the greatest area of London	We stayed at room °18 during 2 nights last week. It was a very small room on the top floor and you had to take a lot of steps to get upstairs. In the room you have a bed for 2, a desk with mirror and tv, a hairdryer, a built-in cupboard and a bathroom with toilet, sink and shower...It is a small hotel and a small room but the rooms where clean, the breakfast was not bad at all and the hotel is located near Covent Garden and that's a plus!I surely would recommend this hotel to everybody who's going to do some sightseeing and who likes to stay in the greatest neighbourghood of London!	
Aug 7 2009 	Not for hamster swingers!	Very basic but great value in terms of location - right in the heart of Covent Garden. Clean with friendly staff and a good breakfast, this hotel offered all we needed for a short break in London. There was absolutely no noise from other rooms or from outside. Shops, bars, restaurants, Underground stations and theatres are all in walking distance from the Seven Dials. Room was tiny - not enough space to swing a hamster though we did make an amusing video of ourselves traversing the room, squeezing past the bed along the walls, etc. We had a great time regardless!	
Jul 9 2009 	Prison Cellish	We recently spent three nights here at The Seven Dials Hotel,One thing which we cannot complain about is the location, this hotel is in a lovely part of london,only a stones throw from covent garden and is surrounded by plenty of cool bars,cafes and shops.Our issue with the place was the room size, it was tiny,I mean really tiny, if one of us wanted to get changed the other would have to get into the bed because there was not enough floor space for the two of us to stand, and we are small people, god help some of the larger guests! You couldnt swing a fly in here,never mind a cat.On arrival we phoned reception and asked for a larger room but we were told are room was standard.On the second day we were on the way to our room and we noticed room no.1 tucked in under the stairs which made us kind of appreciate what we had,the place was like a large dog kennel.We had breakfast on 1 of our 3 nights and it was enough, it was like warm Fisher Price food.I know it is difficult to find good value in a good location in London but I think it should be clearly stated on the hotel web site,&quot;Not suitable for claustrophobics&quot;.	
May 22 2009 	fab location lovely staff clean and comfy	I've searched endlessly for affordable hotels in an excellant position and this is the only one I've found. We had a girls weekend in London last weekend - chatting, shopping, drinking etc and this hotel was perfect. A few minutes walk from Covent Garden, Leicester Square and the National Gallery plus lots of lovely little restaurants, shops and cafes. A charming area. The hotel staff were lovely and helpful. We had a twin room - spacious with tiny bathroom and a quad room. With the extra camp bed the room was crowded but it did the job for us - very clean, comfy beds, ensuite just big enough, lovely shower. Breakfast great too. Take ear plugs because of the sirens from emergency vehicles going along a nearby main road at night. I'll definately go back.	
Mar 28 2009 	ideal for sightseerers on a budget	we (a couple) stayed for 1 night on the 3rd floor. As we were only stopping for 2days the room really did serve its purposes for somehwere to sleep. The rooms were clean and adeqaute althought the room was really small. A small t.v with only 5 channels to choose from and tea/coffe making facilities. towels are soaps are provided.We paid a toTal of £95.00 including a full english breakfast (buffet style) sausages were very small n cheap but above all it still filled us up for the day. The staff are very efficient, friendly and helpful.If u are on a budget and u dont intend on staying in the hotel then this is a good place to go. Its bang in the middle of covent garden. literally 2 mins walk from the theater distirct and 5 mins from china town and soho. You dont even need to get the tube to these places. We walked to china town for a meal and went on to soho til the early hours and got a rikshaw cab (men on bikes) back to the hotel which only cost £5.00.All in all a great place to stay in terms of location. but if your looking for romance or a something a bit more special then i would recommend elsewhere	
Feb 6 2009 	great location....... nothing else though!	if you intend to book this hotel forget spacious, roomy, comfort and quiet . We stayed on the ground floor (to avoid walking up a narrow steep staircase-no lifts!) Unfortunately we were next to reception..during the night we heard every fax that arrived!!! The double bed was a three quarter bed pushed against a wall...no room for stretching..my wife was pinned against the wall all night..I cannot under-exaggerate the crampness of the room. We ate breakfast at 9ish...buffet style english..it was not fresh..looked like been out for hours..Having said all that location was great for all we wanted to do...next time would pay more for better class hotel.There is a modern travelodge around the corner for the same price.	
Jan 24 2009 	It's the location and the staff that makes the hotel	The Owner is extremely personable and helpful. Everyone who works here is pleasant and friendly. Everything is clean and everything worked. I read the other reviews and agree the rooms are small with spartan furnishing and noisy, if facing the street. Now the trade off..... If you can easily afford to pay 160euro a night for the hotel across the street then go for it. It is a nicer hotel. But if you hate to toss away that amount of money in a room you'll probably spend 8 hours a day in; then the Seven Dial is the best bet in the area. It is all a balance of cost and location to me. You can get cheaper hotels out around Hyde Park but I have no interest in spending all my time on the tube. I've made that mistake and regretted it - a waste of my time in London. I want to stay in the Theater/Museum area of Covent Gardens. I've stayed at many hotels in this area and I think the Seven Dials is top of the list in that price range. You can easily find nicer hotels but you'll pay at a minimum double the price. Again if money is no issue then go somewhere else. You can't beat the location here. I want a hotel I can stop by to change clothes or pick up something from my room, in between a Museum and Lunch without taking what turns out to be an hour tube ride out to another part of the city. It is less than 5 min to the British Museum, within 10 min to Leister Square, dozens of theaters or the National Gallery. There are great restaurants in the immediate area (Punjabi around the corner is fantastic). Some of the items people have complained about for this hotel are just common facts of this class/price range hotels in London: the steep narrow stairway, the small rooms, minuscule en suite bathroom, the cheesy furnishings, cramped breakfast room- you will find these exact same qualities in most hotels of this 'class'. However, the difference here, we found everything to be very clean, the staff very friendly and everything serviceable - that is not always the case with the other hotels in this class. This is why I would rate the Severn Dials as best bet in the area. There is no elevator - if you cannot CARRY your suitcase (not pull it but actually lift it) then you might find the stairs a problem (however on arrival the owner happy offered to bring my suitcase up to the room). Do bring earplugs if road noise bothers you. I was there in winter, in summer with the windows open it will be noisy. If you are coming in/out of Heathrow with minimal luggage just jump on the tube and get off at Covent Gardens very easy no changes and direct - it takes about 45 mins. If you take the Heathrow express from Paddington you have to change a couple times, which lengthens that 15 min express train to also 45 mins. If you have too much luggage catch a taxi. For the Eurostar it is 15 min/7£ taxi ride or again the Piccadilly line to Covent Garden.	
Jan 2 2009 	Location is not enough	We booked the Seven Dials for a family holiday with our teen-age daughters and planned to stay for 5 nights. Upon arrival we wondered if we had gone just too low in our search for a good deal in London! The location as everyone notes, was ideal, so we checked in. The front desk person handed us a key and pointed to the very narrow stairs. This was the lightest moment of our stay as 4 adults attempted to carry normal-sized suitcases up a very narrow and curving staircase. Up and up and up until we finally got to our door. Once inside the door, it was not clear where we could put the suitcase down. To get into the bathroom, we had to pull the thin door into the bed area and then step around the sink to pull the door closed. A can on the floor was lined with an plastic bag from a grocery store. The closet had 5 mis-match and partly broken hangers from the dry cleaner and on the floor of this &quot;closet&quot; was a crumpled up bedspread of some kind which I believe was our spare blanket. The shades on the bedside lamps were shredded. Trying to put on a good face and knowing we had full plans for our stay--restaurants and theatre etc. I assured my husband we could deal with it. He did not sleep well and the next morning he had us all pack up and we checked out. The front desk clerk was shocked and said we couldn't just leave and so he told me I had to pay for one more night and even at that he sighed and shook his head and clearly disapproved. I told him our plans had changed. We walked across the street and checked into the &lt;much more expensive&gt; but extremely nice Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten Hotel.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great location great value	The location of this hotel is fantastic. It's about a three minute walk away from Covent Garden and about five minutes from Trafalgar Square. It's right in the middle of the West End so Leichster Square and most of the theatres are in walking distance. The hotel itself is nice. The staff are very friendly and breakfast is served in the morning. The rooms are nice, warm and cosy. Some reveiws complain about the rooms bring small. While it's true that there is not a lot of floor space this was not a problem for me as I was staying one night with my girlfriend and we did not have much luggage but I can imagine the size of the rooms being a problem if you plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel. Our room was on the ground floor and we could also hear people walking up and down the stairs in the morning. Again, this was not a problem for us as it woke us up in time for breakfast but I can imagine it upsetting you if you are a light sleeper. These however are minor criticisms put on my reveiw to make it inromative. I think the hotel was excellent value for money in terms of its location and how comfortable I found the room.To summarise, I think this hotel is great if you're planning a short stay in London, especially if you plan to go to the theatre in the evening. This hotel is best for couples or if you are travveling alone. It's probably not as good if you have a family with young children and it may not be the best place to go if you are staying for a long time. Again I have to say this hotel is grerat valure for money!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great location but tiny rooms..............	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the hotel and wanted to share our experiences. The hotel is located two blocks from the Covent Garden tube station, (Picadilly Line) and about a 10&quot; walk from the Strand. The hotel is also conveniently located to a number of theatres, close to Covent Garden, many fabulous restaurants and pubs and some great stores. The hotel and room were fairly clean. There is no lift and the stairway leading to the rooms is very, very narrow. The front door is always locked but there is a someone on duty 24 hours to let you in. Breakfast consisted of juice, instant coffee, corn flakes, fried and scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, beans and stewed tomatoes. Toast and corn flakes were also available. The breakfast is served in the basement dining room from 7:00 - 9:00 and is buffet style. The owner was friendly and helpful. The room was so tiny there was only space for a double bed, night table, closet and chair. One suitcase got the chair while the other one had to stay on the floor beside the bed. The bed linen was clean but did not get changed during our stay. There is a small TV suspended from the wall, (3 channels only) but no clock, (take your own alarm clock). The bathroom was clean but as the shower was very slow to drain, we ended up standing in about 3&quot; of water once the shower was done. The water was very hot, pressure was OK and towels were thick. The hotel worked for us as we left early in the day and only returned to sleep. If you're looking for inexpensive in the heart of London, this is the place to stay.	
Oct 12 2008 	Loved the Seven Dials	We have just come back from a week trip in London. We stayed in a triple room at the Seven Dials Hotel. The location is perfect, the room is spotless clean and it's size is OK. The owner and his staff are extremely helpful. We would definitely go back in our future trips.	
Aug 24 2008 	Location location location!	As the title of my review suggests, the location of this hotel is it's main selling point. It is right in the heart of the West End and a short walk from Piccadilly Circus and other main attractions. I defy anyone to find another hotel offering bed and breakfast for two people for £85 per night in anywhere near as good a location.The hotel was clean and the staff were all friendly, although the one time we needed directions the Polish woman on the desk had only been working there for a couple of days and couldn't help us - not her fault I suppose! Breakfast was buffet style and consisted of a full English breakfast, but with not a great deal of choice. However, it was more than adequate for us.The room was an en-suite but was very tiny and the stairs to the rooms are extremely narrow. The rooms are so small I would not recommend anyone to stay there for more than a few days unless you like living out of a suitcase - there is very little space anywhere to store your clothes!I would be happy to stay there again (for short periods), however it was my girlfriends first ever trip to the UK and she refuses to let me book this hotel again for a planned trip to London in December. I've tried explaining the plus points in respect of price and location, but she wants somewhere with enough room to be be able to sit other than on the bed and where you have enough space to hand your clothes!	
Jun 16 2008 	Great location in hip part of London near amazing food and the West End	Found the Seven Dials via booking.com, after a long search for a great location at a good price. Seven Dials is right in a very hip part of London, within 2 blocks of West End theatres. There are a lot of great clothing, cosmetic, and book stores nearby. The room is small, but we've stayed in smaller! The bathrub/shower was a nice surprise, it was roomy and comfortable.The room had no view, so we kept the window closed the whole time. There is a ceiling fan, but it goes off when the lights go off. That was a bit unfortunate as the room got warm in the night. Also - BRING YOUR OWN ALARM CLOCK! Or, most of us have cell phones we can use. But if you necessitate a clock, bring one. The front desk is happy to wake you with a phone call also.The most amazing Indian food I've ever had is about 20 steps away at Punjabi. Across the street directly is a lovely Italian cafe with cheap wine and good pasta. If you're flying from Heathrow: don't bother with the expensive Express Train or a mess of tube stops. Ask the desk to book you an express taxi. It was 25 pounds for the two of us and 4 pieces of luggage, dropped us RIGHT at the terminal entrance.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great... according to London standards	We discovered this place thanks to tripadvisor members and believe me it is worth it !This is London, so don't expect a big modern room for this rate but it is very very clean, very calm and sooooo well located ! Although the neighbourhood is quite crowded you will feel safe there since you have to ring the bell to be able to enter the facilities.The staff is very friendly and the breakfast is just great !It's good to have finally found a place to stay in London !	
May 24 2008 	Fantastic location	The location of this hotel is fantastic and beats any deficiencies that it might have. We had only a 5 minutes walk from Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus. Transport is also very close with bus stops and 2 underground stations (Covent Garden and Leicester Square) close by. We booked a room with en suite bath and shower and was very tidy - although small and the furniture might need some renovation. Breakfast was also served every morning with punctuality although there was no variation on the menu. Considering the price of other hotels nearby, this hotel is value for money, even though in my country, Malta, for this price (GBP 85 per night) you can book a room in a 4 or 5 stal hotel which are internationally acclaimed.	
Apr 11 2008 	Fantastic Value	I was a bit apprehensive about my trip to London, more so about this hotel because I had read so many mixed reviews on this site and others. I was even tempted to cancel my reservation and book another hotel. I am so pleased I did not cancel as I could not be happier about my stay here.We arrived around midday and although we couldn't check in until after 2pm because the room had to be cleaned after the previous guests, we were allowed to leave our case in the secure reception area (the main door has a secure entry system) to allow us to go a wee wander. When we got back to the hotel, I realised the comments about the staircase were true as I struggled to get my huge suitcase up the narrow stairs, however with smaller cases/bags, this should not pose as a problem. We stayed on the 2nd floor, room 6. This room had a double bed and a single bed, a wardrobe with hangers, a desk with mirror and stool, plenty of drawer units, tv (although reception wasn't great but I wasn't there to watch tv so didn't bother too much about this), coffee/tea making facilities, toilet, shower and wash hand basin. Everything you could need really. The room was very clean and I could not fault it at all. My only comment would be that there perhaps were not enough accessible sockets for girls who blow dry and straighten their hair, at the same time as charging their mobiles like me. Also the socket behind the tv unit was slightly loose but worked fine.The staff were extremely friendly and had no problems letting us in the main door every time my mum wanted to go out for a cigarette. Talking of which, I previously read a comment about the street not being safe at night well I have to disagree. We never felt unsafe about anyone passing us on Monmouth street. Also, our room looked onto the street and there really wasn't a lot of street noise through the night for London.The location of this hotel was ideal. I had never been to London before and found my way around just fine mainly because all the main areas surrounded the hotel. Oxford Street was a short walk, several underground stations were also a short walk, many theatres are just around the corner. Both mornings we were served a lovely buffet breakfast. Three kinds of egg, bacon, sausage, tomato, beans, toast, cereal, coffee, tea and orange juice. The eating area was in the basement and was very clean with excellent service.Finally, when we checked out, the gentleman told us if we want to stay again we should book direct with the hotel because it is cheaper than going through a website. We checked out early (latest 11am) but were allowed to leave our bags and collect them later. I will definitely be staying at this hotel again in the future.	
Mar 31 2008 	Perfect Location!	The Seven Dials was in a great location! It's conveniently located by both Covent Garden and Leciester Square Tube stops on a simply charming street in Covent Garden. We were worried about the size of the room, but the double room we stayed in was plenty spacious. While walking up some winding stairs with suitcases can be a hassel, you really cannot find a hotel in London in this price range that has an elevator. Seriously, I challenge you to find one! The staff were also accommodating and the english breakfast was a great way to start the day. One recommendation: bring a travel alarm clock! We'll definitely be back for future travels to London!	
Mar 31 2008 	Hideous	The location should not be taken into account as the area is not safe at night. I was told I had to stand outside the hotel to have a cigarette and was then approached by a dubious man who wanted to,'chat.' As you are always buzzed into the hotel it was completely unsafe! You should get a taxi from a nice hotel and use the underground in the day. The shower didn't work and was not given an alternative without further payment. No adjustment was made in the bill even though hadn't had a shower in 2 days, just barrage of excuses. Stairs rediculously narrow. Blankets were badly stained and there really is not a square inch of space where the owner has not put another room to make more money. Don't stay here.	
Mar 29 2008 	Excelent location good value for the money	Ok the room is small and the starcase is narrow. But I was not there to stay in the room nor to walk about up and down in the stairs !Just get out in the morning and you get everything just here down. And going back from the nightlife walking very few is valuable.Our room was very silent, giving to the backyard and clean.Note that they now have their own website for direct booking.	
Feb 13 2008	Small but well located	I can't on the basis of comfort and value for money bring myself to give this hotel any higher than 3 stars. The location is 10 minutes from Pic. Circus so location is perfect. Thats why it got the three stars! The rest is ..well... basic.Room is very small. Think, tripping over end of bed, nowhere to put luggage and furniture that can be moved with baby finger. Not exactly quality. Toilet is cubby hole. ...back to door whilst at sink. Nowhere for toilet roll to go apart from on floor, shelf 2 inches X 12 inches on which to place all your toileteries. Its a bit tedious after a while. The stairs is 2 feet wide and goes around in a spiral so its hard to walk down. Its an old house in London so its just the way it is. Its not really the owners/managers fault. However the price for London accommodation is just appauling in general. This place is rubbish value for money as is the whole of London. The breakfast is ok and is buffet style. I preferred this. On second day the beans and egg were cold. Two surly girls (looks like family run place) are in charge of breakfast. Other staff were fine particularly the lady of reception (looks like wife -you get picture?). I'm guessing Dad answers door when you ring doorbell. Its a small place for sure with low quality and a high price. Thank God the location is ok. Would I go back? Yes. I would be afraid the next hotel in London would be even worse..	
Jan 8 2008 	Excellent location perfect for the theatre!	Myself and 2 friends (ladies aged 21-32) stayed at this hotel last weekend (Jan 5th) for 1 night as we were seeing Grease in Piccadilly Theatre.We booked a triple room which was 1 single bed and 1 double bed. We had a tv, hairdryer, fan, kettle with tea and coffee.It says you cant check in until 2pm but we arrived about 11.30am and were able to go straight up to the room. We were on the second floor in room number 2. The stair case is very narrow and steep, so i would be careful with larger suitcase as there is no life.The staff were lovely. They were very helpful and advised the best places to eat and drink and the older man had no problem us buzzing the door to be let in at 3.30am after a rather heavy cocktail drinking session! We were in quite a poor state i can tell you! We also ended up in a gay bar but we only realised when we were in. Apparently the area is well known for the gay bars. We had a great experience.The location is fab! We got quite lost when we walked out of leicester square station but once you know where to go you will have no troule finding your way.Breakfast was 8am to 10am, after a rather heavy drinking session we needed food! We arrived at the last minute at 9.45am and there was still a full english left in the buffet, with toast, tea, coffee. A lovely girl took our orderes of tea, coffee and toast and didnt complain that we had turned up just before closing.We checked out at 11am and made our way home with pouding headaches - but it was our own faults and it was my birthday!!I have nothing bad to say about this hotel, out 1 night stay was exactly what we wanted!	
Nov 3 2007	great location	The Seven Dials is in a fantastic area. The hotel is quaint but it has it's drawbacks. It has an extremely narrow staircase and it has no elevator. Be aware that if you are on the third or fourth floor it is a challenge to get luggage to your room. The rooms are tiny, and there is a good chance that if you are traveling as a couple that you will not sleep in the same bed. However the location is fantasitc. The area is lively with many great pubs within a block. Right in the middle of all of the best shows, so the opportunities for entertainment are endless.The Seven Dials is a great place to use as a home base. They offer a very good breakfast in the morning for its guests, but you have to brave a steep flight of slippery steps to get to it. There is a fabulous pub called &quot;Freuvd&quot; located just to the right at subterrainean level that is worth checking out. Many great dining opportunites around the area.We would stay there again and again!	
Oct 15 2007 	Best location	Just returned from weekend stay 11-14 October in Seven Dials Hotel. Mixed feelings... Room No17 - in 4th floor: very very small, walls were dirty, wardrobe rocked every time we opened its door (we thought - it might crumble at any time!..), shower has no power (I could not wash my head) and was broken...After 2 nights we moved to second floor room - it looked better, but...we could not sleep with opened window - terrible smell of roasted onions from restaurant starting from early morning until midnight!..Half of last night we were constantly disturbed by drunk prostitute, who visited guest in neighbouring room - every time she walked outside the room to find the WC, she mussed up the rooms and tried to get in to our room...That's the sad side... Good: acceptable breakfast, pleasant staff, VERY GOOD LOCATION - I think that's made our stay more or less acceptable. Would I stay here again? Probably not... I'll choose cheap Arran House Hotel in Gower Street (also good location in Bloomsbury area) - the same price, but the hotel is very much different - much better.	
Aug 10 2007 	A Great Short Stay Hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location. Its on Monmouth St, a street of small boutique type shops which is fairly quiet by London standards. There is an Oddbins &amp; newsagents opposite &amp; Covent Garden is a few mins walk away. The hotel is very small but the staff are very friendly &amp; it is clean. We had the triple room (double bed + single) it was very small but ideal for a short stay. The ensuite is tiny but the shower was always hot &amp; powerful, the shower tray did flood but this was a minor thing. The bed linen could do with updating but overall its a fab find &amp; I will definitely stay here again. The price &amp; location are unbeatable!!	
Jul 25 2007 	incredibly great!!!	I thought all budget hotels in London were shabby and terrible, but after the Seven Dials I have changed my mind. Not only is its location wonderful (five minutes walking from Covent Garden) but the place is CLEAN and rooms are ENSUITE. And the place is also CHEAP! Me and my two girlfriends were surprised and delighted. Our fare included english breakfast too and the staff were so helpful we were most of the time waiting for the candid camera to appear! Really, I've stayed in budget hotels in London many times and this is a jewel. The only problem, VERY steep stairs. And that's all! (for this budget, of course). I hope owners and guests contribute to keeping this place nice and clean, because I will stay there again for sure!	
Apr 25 2007 	Absolutely lovely!	Me and my friend are just come back home (in Rome) after our stay in London. We stayed at the Seven Dials Hotel 4 nights...it was simply amazing! There are at least three optimal reasons to enjoy this hotel. FIRST: the location...the seven dials area is one of the most&quot;glamour&quot;, lovely and lively in all London...it's just few steps fromCovent Garden Tube Station...from Thottenam Court Tube Station... from Oxford Street, Soho, Trafalgar Sq., and so on... SECOND: the staff, absolutelly kindly, helpful, professional...and the breakfast is as good as at home! THIRD: the value! Are you able to find something similar in that area for less? It's a good three stars service and room but a cheap b&amp;b price! They have 4 floor with few rooms, but they haven't lift, so if you have problems with the stairs, ask for a 1st floor room...	
Mar 31 2007 	Great location and staff but a bit on the small side	I stayed here for 6 nights with my husband and stepson, sharing a triple room. The room is on the small side and the bathroom is tiny - but pretty much the only thing we did in our room was sleep and talk, so we didn't need a great deal of space. We took advantage of the wardrobe to unpack a couple of our suitcases so that we wouldn't have to open them all the time, and that probably made a huge difference in space issues. The staircase IS tiny, so if you have to drag luggage up, then make sure you can handle it. :)I cannot say enough how wonderful this location is! We were able to walk so many places , and I could shop to my heart's content without having to worry about dragging lots of bags on the Tube during busy hours. The breakfast was a little monotonous after 6 mornings of eggs, bacon and sausage - but it was prepared with a smile every morning. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. We had a problem with our toilet our last day there, and the owner quickly fixed, very cheerfuly.I will definitely stay here again if I ever return to London.	
Dec 19 2006	GoodLocation	We arrived at the Seven Dials and our hearts dropped! Outside looked dull, dusty and old. &quot;Oh dear&quot; we thought what have we let ourselves in for, We arrived too early for check in, so we left our bags in the &quot;reception&quot; which is a tiny hall and our bags were right beside the doorway, which left us uneasy till we returned. On returning at 2pm for check-in we were told our room wasn't ready which was annoying as we had been up since 5am! Eventually we were allowed to our room which was on the 3rd floor. The stairs is hardly wide enough for one person, never mind one person and a big suitcase and hand luggage and hand bags and NO LIFT. It took us much pushing, straining, stopping, heaving, falling over and giggling to get to the 3rd floor. I would not recommend to anyone who hasn't tried out for the olympics recently. Our room wasn't as dreadful as we expected after seeing the rest of the &quot;hotel&quot;, The room was small but we made do, in fact it wasn't as small as other London hotels we've been in. The bathroom was TINY though. Plenty of towels and toilet paper and soap (not wrapped). Bedclothes were clean and room seemed generally clean, We had a view onto the street outside which we were happy with initially till we realised that it would and did keep us awake at night. Every sound could be heard from other rooms so if you are partaking in any nightly activities, don't forget your neighbours ;) We had a look at the breakfast room and decided we were not going near it again. Its tiny, old, cramped, ewww! Staff were very friendly, all foreigners but with good english. Location of this &quot;hotel&quot; was superb. We were going to a few Shows so it was ideal and we were going to Leicester Square for clubbing which was a ten minute walk. Our television broke on Saturday afternoon and we were afraid we would miss The X-Factor so the manager of the hotel came as fast as he could with a new television so that we wouldnt miss our show. We were very grateful. The rooms were quite cold and very dark all the time too. Also we noticed that anyone could get into this hotel. We did ring the bell but they never questioned us.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great location cheap and clean but not comfortable	There are lots of very good things about this hotel, the price at £85 per double room per night including a good English breakfast has got to be one of them, the location, as has been said before is just brilliant, this is a lovely part of London, especially in the evening and the whole hotel seems to be recently decorated and is very clean. The staff were very pleasant, check in was quick, though the room was not ready at 1500. We payed then (though we were not asked to) so checkout was even quicker. On the down side was the fact that the room was very, very small and for anyone staying longer than a night I think this could be hard to live with, I have no idea where anyone with luggage would be able to put it. The water pressure at the top of the building (Room 18) seems to be very low so the shower is not good (though the water was hot ). The room has a large heater that didn't work ,though for us this did not matter and I feel the staff would have sorted that if we had asked, there is always someone on duty on reception. The important things for us though were that the bed was very uncomfortable and did seem very small, we have a king size at home and I can't believe 6&quot; of bed space can make that much difference, there was only one flat pillow each and this room (again as mentioned before) is next to the communal toilet so you do have noise from other guests in the night and these things makes the difference between a good nights sleep and not and we did not have a good nights sleep at all. I think we could have coped with the noise better had we been comfortable. Before this night I would say my husband could sleep on a washing line but it seems when actually faced with one, he couldn't!I would love to stay here again but would ask for a twin bed room, I reckon you have to get a bigger room with that! If the Owners read this, I think they have the makings of a lovely hotel but for us over 50s, they could do a deluxe room (more space, bigger bed, two pillows each and a duvet not blankets) I'd happily pay more for it.	
Nov 15 2006 	Perfect Budget hotel for sightseeing!	If you are looking for a budget hotel in an excellent location for sightseeing, this is the hotel for you. If you are looking for lots of ammenities, stay across the street at the expensive Radisson. Seven Dials is only a few blocks to the nearest tube and bus stops (Tottenham Court Road) and close to nightlife. Central Covent Garden and Soho are within walking distance. Covent Garden starts a few doors down with Neal's Yard, funky hip shopping and restaurants. We had asked for a quiet room in the back and even got a triple room instead of a double. It was much bigger than we were expecting. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We were suprised by the large breakfast offered. FYI - The hotel does not have a lift and has four floors with a narrow stairway. If this is an issue, request a first floor room. Also every now and then you can hear the rooms around you, but it's not a big deal. Yes this is a basic hotel. You don't get little bottles of shampoo you don't use. However the only other hotels I found in this price range (NOT including breakfast) with good reviews were in King's Cross where people were afraid to walk down the street at night. I was very happy to stumble across this gem. Also it was much cleaner than some hotels I've stayed at in the U.S. The other reviews here are spot on. The couple who hated it in October (KKincaid) obviously didn't read the reviews before booking the hotel.I booked through[--]We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 8 2006 	Great location but that's where it stops	I can recommend the Seven Dials/Covent Garden area as a wonderful place to stay ...but don't stay at the Seven Dials Hotel. On the plus side, the area is a Sci-Fi fan mecca --Forbidden Planet is right across the boulevard and other similarly-themed stores are nearby. There's also a terrific little restaurant called Cafe Pasta directly adjacent to the Seven Dials entrance. Unfortunately, that's where the good points end. An optimist might describe this hotel as &quot;cozy, quirky and unpretentious,&quot; all of which would be accurate but not in a good way. Our room was tiny and plain to an extreme, and was lacking nearly all amenities save hot water and a TV. The (admittedly friendly and helpful) staff fetch supplies by climbing through a window on a stairway landing onto what seems to be an adjacent rooftop, and one addresses the (again friendly) front desk clerk by calling through a darkened sort of ticket-booth room towards the room where the clerk actually sits.Once we were in the room (note: carrying suitcase up the narrow, bendy staircase is challenging to a dramatic degree), we couldn't put the suitcases anywhere that did not block the room door, the bathroom door, or the bed.Our stay convinced us to be willing to spend a little more next time we're in London, and we're just grateful that it wasn't for more than one night, especially since neither of us could sleep in the room's uncomfortable double bed. This was NOT a good value for the 80 pounds it cost us to stay here... unless you're all about Location Location Location...	
Sep 30 2006 	Great location by N. Irish couple	Stayed three nights at the Seven Dials, £80 per night for a double room ensuite with breakfast. My husband and i wanted somewhere to stay that was central to all the attractions as we were wary of using the tube and knew black taxis in London are very expensive. We weren't dissapointed, this hotel is five mins walk from Covent Gardens, Soho and for those who love sight seeing you are able to walk to Buckingham Palace, The Thames, Westminster Abbey, St James Park in 10-15mins. This hotel is in the heart of theatre land and there are lots of nice cafes at hand. We enjoyed a great meal at Maxwells American restaurant were we got 2 for 1 on our main courses using the discount card in a covent garden leaflet we picked up free! This card offered many discounts including shopping and bars.The Seven Dials is very cheap for its location, the room was small but clean, the breakfast was freshly made buffet style and the staff were really lovely. What more would you need. Who says London has to be expensive?!!!	
Sep 9 2006 	great location	Excellent location between Covent Garden and Oxford St. Triple room for £110 a night including decent breakfast. Clean basic room with everything one needs for a clean, basic stay. Only problem is the noise, which is traffic, people having fun, workmen, binmen , etc etc etc!Staff friendly and very welcoming, no lift so not for the less mobile visitor but very good overall value, take your earplugs!	
Sep 9 2006	Excellent Location!	Good Points:1. Within 5 minute walk to Trafalgar Square2. Within 5 minute walk to Covent Garden Tube station.3. Clean rooms with fresh linen 4. Excellent breakfast served till 9:30am5. 24 hour security entrance6. Friendly staff who gave advice on theatres and places to go.7. Fan in room and window opened a good amount.8. Hardly any noise from outsideNot so good points:1. Very small rooms 2. Room 18 my boyfriend had to fix the shower as no hot water!3. Stood outside n continuously pressed buzzer for 20 mins  before anyone came to let us in.4. View from room not very pleasant (not important)5. Rooms 15-18 are on the 4th floor - tiny narrow staircase to  heave the bags up - definitely not suited to the elderly or infirm6. Communal bathroom was right next to our room (18) so bit  noisy.Overall it was a great price for a brilliant location. Was a short walk to everywhere you would possibly want to go when visiting London. Was clean and tidy and perfect for just sleeping. If you are looking for a hotel to spend time in or luxury then you are looking at the wrong place. Good value for money though.	
Aug 23 2006	All about location	I booked a short break with my daughter to take in some West End theatre and looked for a hotel within easy walking of theatreland, and fairly reasonably priced since all we really needed was somewhere to sleep. The Seven Dials fitted the bill - it is right next to Shaftesbury Avenue, and is very well placed for Covent Garden, Chinatown, Leicester Square. Rooms are small and basic but clean. There is a steep climb to the top floor rooms, no lift. The hotel has a pokey lobby and a subterranean breakfast room where the mainly Polish staff wait on (in their jeans) before hoovering your room later on in the day. Breakfast is ok and overall facilities acceptable; luxurious it is not but locationwise it is superb. The other reviews are spot on about the Seven Dials - so long as you understand the hotel's limitations you will be perfectly content.	
Aug 14 2006 	Okay if you like basic !	Well I suppose we knew what to expect from the reviews we had read , so I cant complain.But if your not used to a VERY small cramped room and &quot;MFI&quot; furniture then avoid.If your looking for a room to sleep in a great location then it should suit you fine.We stayed for two nights on a mid-week break, after we had booked online , it then said we had a toilet &quot;near&quot; the room , so we phoned up and a helpful man called Costas, was able to change our room to en-suite ( although we only found on check out that it was £10 more per night !!)The room (no.14) was very small although clean and quiet. But we did find it hard for us to both get ready to go out due to no room to move and change etc.The en-suite was okay I suppose it was clean , the door had no catch and needed to be kept shut with a bag/chair against it.Maybe I have been spoilt in the past , but it reminded me of a hostel rather than a hotel ?The breakfast was included , we arrived just before 9.30 cut off on the first day and there was not much left , we missed it the second day.It is the location which you cannot argue with , right by , Covent Garden and Theatreland etc.I would stay there again , but only if I could not find anywhere else reasonable.To sum it up , great location , clean , and helpful staff , but very basic and small rooms	
Jul 13 2006	Location! Location!	Bottom line: go for it! But let's start with the few remarks: the hotel has 18 rooms. 1. We were in a room at the top (4th) floor. Lucky we brought little luggage!!! A steep long staircase leads there, no elevator of course and at the time of our arrival no one could help us with the luggage upstairs.2. The water pressure in the shower was terrible! We could hardly wash our hair! I suggest the hotel invests in solving this problem.3. There is no secure luggage room - luggage is left at the hotel entrance. Even though the entrance isn't open to anyone (you need to ring a bell for someone to open the door) it still feels unsafe. However - they were very kind hosts and to our request placed our small luggage behind the reception counter. Not quite locked, but still less accessible.4. Last but not least - I must suggest the hotel posts its price list at the reception and inside every room. I suggest this since there was some confusion about the room rate for us to pay. We booked a double room, but when we arrived, mother and daughter, we were given, to our delight, a twin room (which can actually be a tripple - see the photos). When it was time to check out I was asked to pay 15 pounds more per night because I got a twin. I insisted on paying the amount we agreed on in advance, saying no one has told me nor was there any way for me to know that this room is more expensive. They agreed - but this is a problem that should be solved.As for the stay - we arrived on Saturday to a small room, yet full of light, (with a ceiling fan!!!) very clean and pleasant. We found the hotel easily and during our 4 nights stay enjoyed its fantastic location: within short walk to the British Museum, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Piccadily, Tottenham Court Road etc. A vivid area both during the day and during the evening. We felt safe to walk there in the late evening hours too. Many young people are filling the streets all the time and many pubs, restaurants and clubs are open constantly.Breakfast was served in a room below ground and consisted of fried eggs, bacon, sausages, baked beans, canned tomatoes, orange juice, toasts, butter, jams and a choice of tea, coffee or even hot chocolate for the kids.A usefull tip:For a light pasta or pizza supper we enjoyed the small restaurant right across the hotel. We also discovered a 50% reduction every Monday evening on another restaurant not far, at the entrance to Covent Garden (Maxwell's - american style food).	
Apr 11 2006	Central to everything.....	We arrived at the Seven Dials for 2 nights, with a Canadian guest and we were not disappointed. We checked in early, choosing our room on the 3rd floor facing Monmouth St. It was clean and recently had been renovated. It was a basic reno, the bathroom door wouldn't close properly and the double bed was very small. On the last day, we left our bags in the lobby. It would be nice if they had of been in a secure room. Having said that, the staff were pleasant and on duty all the time, the location next to Covent Garden in central London is perfect. We felt safe and considering this hotel as a central base only, we would return.We would like to note, it is not a place for luxury and service , but it is adequate and I'd like to mention the location is superb.	
Mar 29 2006	Extremely good value hotel	We have just come back from a couple of days in London having stayed at the Seven Dials Hotel. We found it to be clean, comfortable, very quiet, very good value for money and with friendly helpful staff. The room was small (number 2) but it did have a double and a single bed in it. The shower was strong with plenty of hot water and there were the usual tea and coffee makings. The tv could have been clearer but as we were not in the room very much and had not come to London to watch tv then that did not bother us. There was also a hairdryer in the room.The breakfast was cooked from scratch (no buffet style here when you do not know how long the food has been sitting there)and there was plenty of it.The staff could not have been more helpful.We chose this hotel because of the location - just down the road from Covent Garden and we were not disappointed.We will certainly use this hotel again.	
Mar 5 2006	Great location and price for anyone not looking for luxury	My family (wife, teenage son, and I) stayed at the Seven Dials Hotel for the first time recently on a 3-night stay. If you're looking for luxury or pampering, look elsewhere. But, if all you want is a basic, clean, relatively inexpensive room in the heart of London's theater district, the Seven Dials is ideal. We paid 110 GBP per night for a three-person room with one double bed and one single bed. Our room was spotless (including the toilet and shower), the radiator and television worked, the beds were comfortable, the complimentary breakfast was more than adequate, and the location was absolutely fantastic. To address some comments made in other reviews... Our room was initially quite cold, but after I turned up the radiator it was soon fine. I'm sure that if we had stayed in summertime I could have just as easily turned the radiator off, turned on the overhead fan, and opened the windows. It's true that there is no elevator, and the stairs are narrow, so keep this in mind if anyone in your party has disabilities. Our room faced the street, and the curtains let in quite a bit of light. There was also sometimes a bit of noise from people passing by outside, but this was remarkably infrequent for being in a big city. But, on our next trip, I will definitely request a room facing away from the street.For a great location at a great price with no frills, the Seven Dials Hotel is the best place I've found in London so far. My family and I will definitely stay there again on our next trip.	
Sep 19 2005	Well-located well-run budget hotel for the no-frills crowd	If one wants a hotel in the center of London, and want to pay less than 100 pounds a night, there are few options. Having just stayed at this hotel twice within a two-week period, I was favorably impressed at the value for the price, and will definitely stay here again. I stayed in Room 5 on the first (which we call the second in the US) floor (no problem) and Room 12 on the third floor (brand new room, no problems). The management and staff largely seemed to consist of recently-immigrated Eastern Europeans (there has been a huge influx into the UK of Eastern Europeans recently) who take good care of the hotel and the guests, and are very pleasant. They clearly are working hard to do a good job. PROS: Upper floor rooms recently redone (they still smell of fresh wood!), a very edible full breakfast included in price, good hot water/showers/plumbing, comfortable beds, TVs in room, tea/coffee in rooms, rooms facing back of hotel extremely quiet (you cannot believe the lack of noise, esp. given that you are just a few blocks north of the very noisy Covent Garden/Leicester Square area), central location near shopping, sightseeing attractions, theater, multiple Tube stops, etc.CONS: Some rooms are too small (Specifically, room 18 is not quite big enough (was shown to me as an option when we arrived early and the room on the first floor they intended to give us was still being prepared. We elected to wait 15 minutes after we saw that the second option, the newly-renovated Room 18 up several floors, was so small that the bathroom door would not fully open without hitting the double bed!). Also, there is no elevator and some rooms are on the second to fourth floors. You also have to &quot;buzz&quot; to be let in the front door at all times - more reclusive/private guests might feel sheepish about that, but I did not find it a problem.If you are looking a fancy hotel with all the &quot;fixins'&quot; this is not it. (Although who these people are who go to London to simply sit in their hotel room for a long time, I do not know!) If you want a budget hotel that offers en-suite showers/toilets, a quiet clean room, breakfast, and a central location that is really unbeatable, this is it.	
Aug 7 2005	Brilliant Location!!	Stayed at the Seven Dials in August 2005. If you want a hotel in the very heart of London's 'Theatreland', you could choose to pay through the nose at the Mountbatten or Covent Garden hotels in Monmouth Street; or you could pay half the price and stay right across the street at the Seven Dials.We paid 85 GBP per night for a double room with ensuite and full breakfast. This might seem steep for a modest, 10-room hotel, but the location is absolutely brilliant, literally 20 yards from Shaftsbury Avenue, and surrounded by the theatres, restaurants and bars of the West End. Street noise was not a problem, as we opted for a room at the back, the lack of a view was worth bearing for a quiet night. The stairway is very narrow and rather shabby, but the corridoors and rooms have been recently refitted (not perhaps to the highest spec, but new nonetheless!) Our room, surprisingly, was quite a decent size, unlike most of the cheaper B&amp;B's in London. The ensuite was also a good size and spotlessly clean. Shower was good and easy to regulate. Bed was not huge, but obviously a new mattress, firm and comfortable. Bedlinen could do with replacing, rather old but clean. Kettle, tea, coffee and biscuits etc were provided in room, along with TV and two opening windows, which, along with a ceiling fan, provided plenty of cool air on a warm night. Adequate storage and writing desk. Staff were efficient and helpful, and breakfast freshly cooked (with better coffee than many 4 star places).It's not the Ritz, but I will definitely stay at the Seven Dials on all my future visits to London, based on value for money considering the BRILLIANT LOCATION!	
Mar 22 2005	Disgusted!	I only stopped at this hotel for one night and am glad it was only was only one night. I must say this is the worst place ive ever stopped. The bedroom was tiny. It was a hot night and the heaters were left on all night so i was sweating all night and could not sleep. All you can hear through the night is banging from the poeple upstairs. And the kettle took about half hour to boil. In the morning for breakfast we looked at every ketcup on all the tables and they were more than 3 years out of date. I would not recommend this place to anyone. For the same price i would stop in Regent Palace in Picadilly Cirsus (travelstay) it was a much better hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	excellent sejour		
Jul 27 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Feb 4 2009 	Excelnte relacion calidad/precio/zona		
May 28 2008 	Consigliatissimo!!!!		
Apr 23 2008 	L'hotel giusto per vivere Londra		
Nov 9 2007 	El mejor sitio relación calidad precio		
Jul 30 2007 	super hotel super staff super emplacement super rapport qualité prix !		
