Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel in OK area good value would recommend	Great location to drive to and get the Northern Line into London. Hotel quiet, staff v helpfull, good buffet breakfast. Good value.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great if you like cold showers	Rooms OK. The water pressure in the taps was terrible - it took several minutes to fill the sink. Shower pressure similarly hopeless and the water was cold........I might as well have stood outside in the rain! It's not difficult to get this stuff right.The hotel is close to Colliers' Wood tube, which is its best feature. It's very easy to get to Clapham/Balham.The hotel cocked up the booking spectacularly, managing to charge me twice before we even checked in. The rooms were booked several months in advance. I paid in full in August and noticed that they'd charged me £20 more than the price agreed in the online booking. I called them and they refunded it, blaming human error, but then the next month they charged me again for the same rooms. Their excuse was that a new member of staff had made a mistake. Too many human errors for my liking, and I was surprised that they could re-use my credit card details after the transaction had been settled over a month previously. So my advice would be to check your credit card statement carefully!I hadn't realised until I encountered problems that HI express is a franchise, so there's no point complaining to Holiday Inn if things go wrong. Your recourse is to the franchisee, who could be anybody.My advice is to stay in the Premier Inn instead. It's five minutes' walk further from the tube stop, but the rooms are nicer, the showers are warm and they don't mess up the bookings!	
Oct 3 2009 	Excellent stay for the price we paid!!	Having wanted to travel to London for a mini break with two relatives we thought it would be difficult to find a room that would sleep 3 adults. After searching on superbreak we found a great deal for 2 nights stay at this hotel and dirty dancing theatre tickets. The hotel was around 25 minutes on the tube from the main sights of London but this was fine for us as we did not mind taking the tube and we had 2 full days to explore so 25 minutes was nothing. The hotel is in zone 3 of the tube so tickets are a bit more expensive but because of the great deal we got we did not mind paying that bit extra. The nearest tube station for the hotel is Colliers Wood which is on the Northern Line - the hotel is just across the road from the station. The hotel itself was great as it was very clean and this is the most important factor for us. The only negative comment i would make is that it was a little cramped as there was a double and a sofa bed pulled out on the floor due to the fact there was 3 of us. If there had of only been 2 of us then it would have been fine. This was not a major problem though as we spent so little time in the hotel room it was just somewhere to sleep really. Breakfast was lovely and there was a wide choice to choose from which we kept helping ourselves to!Overall i would go back to this hotel as it meeted our needs. If you want to be close to central London and within walkin distance of the sights then this would not be for you but if you do stay here i am sure you will be pleased with the hotel and its staff!!	
Sep 30 2009 	A very economical clean and safe base to explore London from	As budget hotels go, this was one of the best i've stayed at. After a nightmare experience in a premier Inn in Liverpool a couple of weeks before, we were quite apprehensive about this. However, we were very pleasantly susprised. The room was small but clean. We were only using it to sleep in anyway as we were on a sightseeing weekend in London. The bathroom included a shower and was very adequate.Breakfast was included - continental style, croissants, toast etc and was very filling. The tube station (Collier's Wood) is directly across the road with access to central London in about 20 minutes. There are also a number of shops, takeaway places etc nearby and a bigger shopping area (Sainsbury's, M&amp;S etc) a few minutes walk away.Staff were extremely pleasant and helpfull and actually seemed to care about whether we had a nice stay. we found this attitude very refreshing after varying experiences of hotel staf in london.I guess the acid test is Would you stay there again? We definitely would. That says it all.	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice hotel - handy for tube station (and hospital!)	My partner and i stayed here as he had a course to go to at the near by St. Georges hospital (approx 15 min walk or one tube stop away). I went along just for the hell of it (and it was free!)Nice hotel - basic but everything you need. Rooms were clean and staff very nice and helpful.Our room over locked a pub beer garden next door so was a little noisy but was quiet by midnight and the double glazing in the room was great! Breakfast is continental style but its complimentary and just the thing to set you up for the day. The tube station is right across the road and takes approx 20-30mins to get into centre of London.Checked out at 10am ish on Sunday but our flight wasn't until early evening, so i went out sightseeing (while the hotel looked after our bags). When i returned to the hotel i had a couple of hour to kill before leaving so i sat in foyer watching their big screen tv and drinking their free tea 7 coffee! They were really nice even though i had checked out 8 hours before!Last thing - there is a mini-cab office a couple of doors down where we booked a cab to return to Gatwick as we were running really late. We knew this would be expensive (Gatwick airport website states £70 to get to London!) However when we pulled up he said £29!! This is much cheaper than the Gatwick Express (for two people) and the tube out to Collier Wood!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Very good hotel	We are a family of three and we stayed here for two nights during a recent four week vacation. Because American hotels such as this do not usually charge for children under 18 years old while European hotels charge as much as an additional 50%, we have found, during recent European vacations, that American hotels such as this are usually much cheaper for us. We were able to get a very good rate at this hotel so that it was much cheaper than anything else we could find. Being American we are familiar with Holiday Inn Express (HIE) and knew what to expect. We found this particular HIE to be an extremely good one. It looked like it was recently built or refurbished and it was in very good condition. The room was very clean and everything was in good working condition. The breakfast was typical for a HIE and we thought that it was more than adequate. The service was good. Although getting to this hotel requires a tube ride of about 30 minutes from the middle of London, we decided that it was worth it because of all the money we saved. We then used the money we saved to pay for a couple of musicals. Two good points about the location are that it is located directly across from the tube stop and there is a large supermarket only two blocks away. The one negative comment I have about this hotel is that free wifi is not provided and that the cost of the service is unreasonable. Otherwise, we enjoyed our time at this hotel and would be more than happy to stay here again if we ever have the opportunity to do so.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very Friendly staff Excellent hotel wonderful experience	I stayed at the hotel after being recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed. The location was good in that it was opposite the tube and Wimbledon was a few bus stops away. I had a problem with the ice machine and the vending machine but the staff dealt with it straight away and I felt reassured that I was in fine hands. The staff were excellent, really looked after us and it felt like we hadn't left home. Though the hotel is a holiday inn express, it feels like a family run hotel with a warm and friendly atmosphere. I will definately come back again!	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel!	We recently travelled to London and stayed at this hotel. The room was crowded with the four of us, but we didn't go to London to hang out in the hotel room. It served its purpose perfectly. The bathroom was spacious and clean. The continental breakfast was simple and didn't change during our stay, but it gave us a great start for each day. The Marks &amp; Spencers and Sainsbury's across the road was great for getting quick lunches to pack for a day of touring. A tip for the family travellers: ask for a room facing the park as there is less noise from traffic on this side of the hotel. The tube station is across the street and about a 60 min. ride from Heathrow if you want to save on taxi costs to or from the airport and it takes only about 20 mins. to get to the major sites in central London.	
Aug 1 2009 	good value in tourists' high season	not bad for the money. a little far away from everything, but underground station in right across the street and Wimbledon in a few stops away by bus. there is a pub right next door to the hotel and a little convenience store across the street.	
May 28 2009 	good selection in zone3 area	The hotel is very close to tube and the surrounded area is quiet.you will never go wrong with holiday inn although you won't have surprise. Getting to centre London is easy by tube so it is not a matter to choose a hotel in zone3 and you will have a cheaper price,	
Apr 7 2009 	clean near a tube and moderately priced	stayed one night in april paid £105 for family of 4 in room with double bed and sofa bed.Room squashed but adequate.no double glazing so extremely noisy throughout the night, on busy mainroad, and counted over 20 sirens going up and down the road between midnight and 2 in the morning !!However easily accesible for tube station (colliers wood over the road) bus stop right bye, supermarket too.ok continental breakfast and all night bar to residents. ok for one night, would prefer the earls court one to this one though for same price.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good Value Hotel Pleasantly Surprised!	Overall a good value hotel. Was pleasantly surprised when we walked in as weren't sure what to expect but the foyer was smart and the accomodation was clean and adequate with a good sized bathroom and facilities. Secure parking which was very handy especially as good leave it for the day &amp; explore London if your not leaving till the evening. Staff were friendly and helpful and breakfast was only Continental but lots of it, although fruit salad was all tinned fruit! Would recommend for a short break venue.Ideal location for the tube station so can go anywhere without worrying about it nad the Northern Line takes you straiht to Leicester Square.One tip - if you're looking for a bargain, check out other Hotel price sites before booking direct with them, as we managed to get it cheaper on LateRooms than via Holiday Inn website!	
Mar 6 2009 	Good Value for money	one the plus points close to the tube for the morning, free continetal breakfast and cheap got a 2 for 1 deal. The hotel was clean and had quite upmarket shower gels, in the bathroom. Shame the TV was quite small and didn't have sky one on it. The downside is there is no hot food in the evenings from the hotel and they recommend you visit the local tesco if you want something to eat. I found out later that 300 metres the other way is a large Sainsburys that is open until 23:00 weekdays. There is soem road noise as the rooms don't have double glazing yet they do have conmfort cooling.	
Mar 1 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	We booked this hotel direct with Holiday Inn on their 2 nightsfor the price of 1 offer and got an amazing deal £59 for two nights!! including Continental Breakfast, and we could have had four people in the room as their was a sofa bed too total bargain!! We travelled to London to see a West End show and took advantage of the offer and made a weekend break. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff were very polite and helpful. The room was basic but extremely clean and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast was continental offering cereal, fruit, yogurt, bread cheese, jam croissants rolls, tea coffee, fruit juice, muffins which was absolutely fine and continually topped up by staff. The coffee machine which offered all kinds of coffee and hot chocolate was available complimentary to residents throughout the day. The hotel is on a busy road and if you are staying in one of the rooms at the front of the hotel noise from the road is experienced, but didn't bother us too much. The hotel is directly across the road from Colliers Wood Tube station and the journey takes around 30 minutes to Leicester Square, we bought a day pass to travel between zones 1-4 over London for £6.30 each. Colliers Wood has a couple of restaurants and supermarkets, we had a meal on Friday night at the Spice of Raj which was excellent and just across the road from the hotel. All in all I would defintely use this hotel again.	
Feb 27 2009 	Not bad but not without it's faults	Stayed for 2 nights whilst we visited family in Wimbledon, we got quite a good deal on price £135 for both nights and at first were impressed with the hotel. The reception was problem free and the bar area (although small) looked perfectly formed !! However we checked in late (around 21.00 ish) we dumped our bags and went out, after a few drinks we returned to the hotel for a night-cap....or tried. The beer (both lager and guiness on draught) were absolutly discusting and were all returned, they could not rectify the problem so we ended up on various non draught products. When we went back to the rooms there was a note saying that the hot water would be off between 09.00 and 17.00 the following day, so we both had to get up before this to get a shower...not idea. The water was fine when we were getting ready for the second night, and on return to the hotel that night the beer was also a lot better. MASSIVE problem in the morning !! We had 3 hour journey in front of us and there was NO hot water and NO warning.....so a cold wash is all we could have.....not what you need !!!Hotel not bad, and if it wern't for the water issues would have been a lot better, but we did have problems - the Ice Machine in reception wasn't working, and the vending machines were almost empty so had to go to nearby shops for water etc. Shame really that a few easily rectifyed problems would have made the stay all that more memorable, as it is I would try somewhere else next time.	
Jan 28 2009 	Dont book by internet - you may be charged twice	Stayed here for one night on my own. Booked through the internet and offered a room rate of £68 booking with a credit card. Proceeded with booking until the very last page and was told there was an error with the website. Started again to book and this time everything went okay and received a confirmation email.When I arrived at the hotel, and booked in, the receptionist queried if I was staying on my own in one room, which I confirmed although I did think it a rather strange question. A week later when I received my credit card statement I realised that they had charged me for two room so clearly even though there was an &quot;error&quot; on the website, both booking went through. Now the receptionist when booking in obviously noticed this, but chose to say nothing or sort out the error.Despite three phone calls to the hotel and two emails the duty manager has not returned my calls and no one at Holiday Inn is interested.The hotel itself was fine, clean comfortable and well located next to the underground. However if you are contemplating staying here or at any Holiday Inn and looking to book via the internet and pay upfront, I wouldnt. They have clearly made an extra £68 out of me and have no intention of refunding it. - beware	
Jan 26 2009 	Good stay let down by breakfast	Stayed here whilst attending course in St George's hospital. I was looking for a basic, safe and clean room for a few nights. Im pleased to say that is what I got with a little bit more. Room was a good size, well maintained with a comfy bed. I believe the room can sleep 4 for the same price which would make it an absolute bargain. I too found it quite cold despite the heating on but the chambermaid gave me another duvet.The staff are excellent and help you out where needed. They very kindly gave me free use of the internet and phone when I sadly had my bag stolen from the hospital.Only gripe was the breakfast- very basic which I didnt mind but sadly done as cheap as possible. 'Value' bread, thin sliced and cheap croissants spoiled it somewhat. Yoghurt and cereal was fine. Better bread and fresh fruit should not break the bank but I think would improve overall stay.Thanks for a good stay.	
Jan 22 2009 	Good price-friendly service	Went there beginning of the month. Check in was excellent. Didn't expect this in a budget hotel. All staff was friendly, even the maid, although she didn't speak any english. The room was very clean and comfortable. Ask for a room to the back with view of the park. Breakfast was simple but good and clean.	
Nov 11 2008 	Good HI Express	I stay in lots of hotels on business, so the negative points shouldn't be seen as being a reason to not stay here (unless you've got lots of ironing to do!) - it's generally a good Holiday Inn Express - I've stayed in much, much worse! The Good  - Next to Colliers Wood tube on the Northern Line, about 35mins into the centre of London.- Very standard Holiday Inn Express, but with slightly bigger bedrooms and bathrooms than usual. - Good value compared to the central London HI Ex's - If you get a room near the pub next door, you'll get free Wi-Fi access- Check in/out was speedy - with less than 100 rooms it's less likely you'll be in a big queue. - Reasonably comfy beds, if a little bouncy. - The hotel has menus for local takeaway service with plates and cutlery. However, for a very cheap voyage in to the unknown, try the Sri Lankan takeaway about 5 minutes down the road, past the Esso garage called Suvai Aruvi. Excellent food for a bargain price! Warning.. you will feel as if you've walked in to the village shop in Royston Vasey, but stick with it! The Bad- If you get a room near the pub next door, it's a bit noisy from the outside seating behind the pub and the road in front. The rooms could do with more effective double glazing. - Room was cold when I arrived, and took a while to heat up. However, the maid left the heating on during the next day, so it was warm when I arrived back the following evening- The bottled beer from the fridge in the bar wasn't very cold - this wasn't a one off, it was the same each time I had one. The draught beer wasn't working when I stayed. The Ugly - Appalling IKEA Ironing board (stands on the desk) is useless for any ironing. Give me a proper one! At least there was a steam iron though.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very good value for money	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night as we were attending a wedding nearby. We paid £66 for one night and I was really impressed. I was expecting a Travelodge type affair - really basic - but the room was nice, clean and modern. The bathroom was clean. The off-street parking, while £7 a day, was very good, with a secure swipe card system to get in and out. The staff were efficient and friendly. Overall I would definately recommend this hotel for a short stay, cheap and gets all the fundamental basics right. Even had a continental breakfast included!	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Stay ! Worth the Price	We just returned from 9 days in London (2 adults + 2children).I booked this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews.97 pounds per night including breakfastI requested a room not facing the front and got it, no noise at night. At the front of the hotel there is probably more noise.The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was also ok. The only drawback is that the room was very small with no closet only shelves in which we organized are stuff. So for a family of 4 it was small but due to the fact that we came in late each night around 7p.m and after a shower and dinner went straight to sleep it didn't bother us.The room had air conditioning, TV and phone. No refrigerator but there is an Ice machine in the lobby which we used for our drinks.The biggest advantage was that the colliers wood underground station was in front of the hotel so after returning tired at the end of the day we arrived straight at the hotel. It didn't rain during our stay but if it did the close tube station is an advantage.The trip into London took between 30-45min (with at least 2 transfers) depending on where you wanted to get off. I thought this would be the biggest disadvantage of the hotel but all of us agreed that the time flew by with out noticing so it didn't bother us.For those that may want to return and rest at the hotel before going out again it might be a disadvantage, but with children you cant stay out late.5minutes from the hotel there is a large Sainsbury supermarket and Marks and spencer, we went there to purchase water and groceries for preparing sandwhiches. There is also a small supermarket in front of the hotelBreakfast was very good, 100% ORANGE JUICE, (not prepared from water), cappuchino machine, toast, bread , cereals ,yogurt, muffins, cheese, jam, honey and butter, pastries, no hot food but it was more than expected !!The capucchino machine is available 24 hours so we used it when getting back to the hotel at night, my kids loved the hot choclate drink, so we didnt use the cofee maker in the room.In summary, this was a very good hotel in all aspects and we enjoyed are stay here, the Staff were very polite and helpful compared to the prices for hotels in London city (which allot of them didnt have air conditioning) this was a great deal, I wo	
Apr 18 2008 	Handy for courses at St George's	Stayed here for a couple of nights while attending a course at St George's Hospital, a 10 minute walk away. Had pre-booked my accomodation on a budget no-refund basis several months earlier which made it even better value.Hotel practically directly opposite Collier's Wood tube station on the Northern Line with rapid tube / rail links to City centre and Gatwick Airport. Standard Holiday Inn Express rooms and decor - all clean and comfortably furnished. Decent Continental breakfast. Fair number of bars and restaurants around hotel, some of which deliver to residents, and a large Sainsbury Supermarket 5 minutes away.Good value business accomodation.	
Jan 29 2008 	Comfortable and clean	Very comfortable and clean for a budget hotel in London. Holiday Inn Express is one of the better budget chains and this one didn't disappoint. Stayed here for one night - big comfortable beds, nice linen, great shower. Rooms have been newly redecorated and are reasonably stylish. Breakfast is self serve continental -- no fry-ups but plenty of croissants and fruit.Colliers Wood is a slightly tatty, run down area, but fairly safe and not far from Wimbledon. Hotel is 1 minute from a tube station, which gets you into central London in 30 minutes. If you don't mind staying in the suburbs, and you won't miss having trendy restaurants nearby, you could do worse than staying here and taking the underground to the centre -- just like Londoners do!	
Oct 21 2007 	No surprises here!	I stayed here in September for 2 nights for the Davis Cup tennis at Wimbeldon.Booked via the holiday inn website and got advanced rates of £64 &amp; £73. Included in the rate was the standard continental style breakfast. There were no real surprises at this hotel - standard holiday inn layout to room, rooms a little dated but according to literature in the room they are undergoing a refurbishment programme to be completed by end of November. We had 2 slight issues - double room but only 1 set of towels provided and our key did not want to work on 2nd day. However both issues were resolved immediately when staff were contacted. As others have mentioned there is no room service in this hotel (as with most holiday inn express) but they do have takeaway menus available and will call the takeaways free of charge to order for you and will call you when the food arrives.All in all this was a reasonable price for the room we got, I would be reluctant to pay much more but it was location that really attracted us to this hotel as I did not want to travel too far to get to wimbledon. Also all of the staff that we encountered were polite and helpful - a definate positive!	
May 30 2007 	Great hotel.	A great hotel, stayed there for work and it was in a great location perfect for St George's Hospital where I had a meeting, just 1 tube stop away. Reasonably priced for london. The area around seemed fine for a woman on her own, there was a pub next door that served food. The rooms were really nice and clean and a good size, very impressed. I got a cheaper rate as I paid upfront on my credit card, worth remembering!! The tube stop was literally opposite the hotel!!	
Feb 7 2007 	Good hotel. Handy location.	We have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for the last 2 years during the Wimbledon fortnight. The hotel was opposite the tube station and on a number of bus routes to the AELTC.I was really suprised at the standard of comfort in the bedrooms. They were well decorated with a good standard of bed and linen. There was very little outside noise, in fact very little noise apart from the loud person banging around in the corridor in the early hours.The only downside of the room was the bathroom. It was a good size and very clean, but the shower has no doors or base, so the floor gets really wet. Not a problem if you are the first to use it, but rather soggy for anyone following you.Breakfast was a buffet with good choice, lots of juices, teas and coffee.I would happily stay here again.	
Oct 26 2006	Typical Holiday Inn Express	Good location opposite the tube station. Quite a few local amenities nearby.Staff were friendly and helpful.Fine for a one night stopover. Typical Express Holiday Inn hotel.Car park underneath charge (£5?) On arrival leave your car in one of the bays outside the hotel and check in first to get the swipe card to open the gate.	
Oct 23 2006 	Average hotel in a good accessible and safe area	My wife and I stayed here for a week in October 2005 due to a problem with our London property. The hotel itself is a typical “no frills” / budget style hotel / motel. The rooms were of an average size (for Europe), furnishings were minimal but it was clean, warm and quiet. The staff were polite and helpful and the breakfast was surprisingly good. As already mentioned in a posting, the underground / secure car parking was a bonus and I don’t recall being charged for it.In terms of the location / area, it is not in central London but it is within easy reach of it. The Colliers Wood underground station is a 2 minute walk from the hotel and takes between 30-40 minutes to get into Central London at a cost of about £5 for a day travelcard. If you can, it is best to travel after 0930 to get a cheaper travelcard and avoid the rush hour crush. Wimbledon is a 10 minute bus ride from outside the tube station (#57, 219 and 493) and has good shopping, restaurants and bars. Colliers Wood itself is an “up and coming area” of London, this means is not the prettiest area but it is in a very safe (third lowest crime rate in London) and has the basics for local people to live i.e. pubs / supermarkets / takeaway food but there are no restaurants or shops to speak of. If you are staying in this hotel as a tourist it is best to simply use it as a place to sleep and make use of the amenities in Central London or Wimbledon.In summary, if you’re looking for a bargain priced London hotel and don’t mind the 30-40 minute travel time to Central London, then I would recommend this hotel (plus you will get to see an area where normal Londoners call home).	
Jul 18 2006	great location and staff was extremly helpfull	We had stayed in the heart of London and wanted to stay out closer to Gatwick the last two nights.The Tube being across the street was wonderful, the neighborhood might have looked sad at first glance, but we spent an afternoon roaming around and took a bus to see the courts in Wimbledon and the ride was nice and easy. The Pub next door was a great place to take in world cup games and the whole experience was great. But this disclamier we had been staying in tiny tiny place all through Europe and this was such a nice suprise in London. The room was small, but we had air condition and ICE the first ICE in weeks... it made our day. The staff gave us directions whenever we needed them and helped us learn how to work british pay phones, which we were having trouble doing. They even helped us find a long lost friend of my family by helping us make the correct phone calls. I would stay here again.	
Jan 14 2006	Good value	My quick summary: An excellent option for people arriving by car who have to watch their budget.We recently visited London and needed a hotel that was about halfway between Gatwick Airport (which is quite far south of the city) and the downtown area. Although we were by car, we also wanted to reach downtown by subway. These factors combined limit one's choices considerably, and even more so if budget considerations are a factor as well(having two kids along, we were looking for a quad room - not a common phenomenon in London where affordable hotel rooms are notoriously small, even for European standards). After much searching, I found this hotel. But as always I checked Tripadvisor and got worried by the rather negative comments of an earlier reviewer. Lacking a better alternative, we made reservations anyway. Here are our findings:(1) The hotel is literally across from the Northern Line of the &quot;Tube&quot; (London's subway) which in 30 minutes takes you to the heart of London (actually, the line splits so you can get to two areas in downtown without changing trains). Granted, you have to go thru 4 zones, which takes 4.50 pound for an adult roundtrip. But it is easy and fast.(2) The neighborhood is indeed not very attractive. There are a few pubs and restaurants across the street as well as a video rental place that offers internet access, but otherwise the environment is rather ugly. Pizza can be delivered as well.(3) The hotel is on a busy street, but our room was facing that street, yet the street traffic did not bother us much. Maybe it is because we have gotten used to Rome noise. (4) The breakfast, which is included in the price for all people in the room, is actually quite good. Not an English breakfast with warm foods, but juices, breads, rolls, fresh fruits, yoghurt, several cereals, coffee, sweets, and some cheese. Fruit and coffee are available all day. There is also a bar.(5) The room is fine for two but quite small for four people. Once the pull-out coach is turned into a bed, not much room is left. But you really cannot complain for the price. And the bathroom is certainly reasonably sized for European standards.(6) The hotel has an underground secured parking garage. The website as well as some signs in the hotel, suggest there is a 5 pounds charge per day, but we were not charged at all. However, drivers should get a good map of this part of London, because the signage in the streets is very poor. We had a very hard time even finding the way to the nearby Wimbledon tennis courts and later on to Gatwick airport.	
Apr 6 2005 	Very disappointing	I stayed in this hotel for a course at a nearby hospital, and had a pretty miserable experience.The room temperature had a mind of it's own; the bedroom was far too noisy (I could hear the conversations of the couple next door); it's on a busy street which keeps you awake most of the night; the bathrooms are tiny and the staff weren't too friendly.The breakfast is a cold buffet style, and the only food available in the evening is from vending machines, or pizza delivery from outside.The area isn't the best in the world, and it's quite a walk from the nearest tube station (which is about half an hour from the centre of London).I wouldn't be so upset, but it's actually quite expensive when compared to other hotels in the centre of London.I went to 3 other courses in the area, and decided to travel from the centre of London rather than stay at this hotel again. Not good value at all.	
Aug 14 2009 	Perfecto		
Feb 25 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jan 7 2009 	Holiday Inn Express London-Wimbledon-South		
Oct 29 2008 	Very good choice!!!		
