Oct 16 2009 	OK hotel for a reasonable price	After searching quite a while to find an hotel for my stay at the Excel Center I've found this hotel. Plus:Direct connection to Excel Center (bus 325), trainstation nearby (Forest gate), night busses nearbyPrices are reonablestaff is OK(English) breakfast is OKRoom was reasonable cleanRoomsize was not big, but big enough(private) bathroom was small, shower not easy to handle, but it always worked They're still working on this hotel, but the staff informed us accordingly, offering us a different room when needed so.To be improved:Neighbourhoudnoise of the streeta better plumber would be advisable for the hotel...In short: I would absolutely recommand this hotel if you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay in London for a couple of days.	
Jul 28 2009 	DISGUSTING	Rooms looked clean and so did the linen and towels, but while we were relaxing watching TV at about 11:30pm, the bed bugs started to appear. Left the hotel immediately, utterly repulsive... was refused a refund and offered another room...how could we stay at the same place, had to sleep on a friend living room floor that night...still have the bites to show... DISGUSTING.... DON'T GO THERE!!!!	
Jul 27 2009 	It is okay and safe and clean	when booking I was worried if it is clean and what is the location..Location - by taxi from London City airport - about 20 min - just £14poundsthe staff is very friendly and will attempt to help you with your enquiries - SO ASK!but check how they require your payment and whenThe hotel is located not far from Green street ( where a lot of Asian food and shops are)if you are looking for a European restorant /cafe - McDonalds is just 5 min away from teh hotel. We could not find any other cafes around to eat maybe we were just too tired.Breakfast is served with the English breakfast and cereals - but as it is a low budget hotel the food is teh appropriate quality - the papermadeof sausage I could not eat.For the second day our room was left untouched - no cleaning, changing towels,etc..to get to the central London - by bus N25 - just 1 pound per trip - it goes right to Oxford Circle - a bit long - over 1 hour - but thus you are doing a bit of a Sightseeing!	
Oct 31 2008 	Newham Hotel Review	I have stayed in nearly every room in this place and have always enjoyed my stays and been well looked after.Breakfast is always excellent as well.The bedrooms are currently being refurbished and is under new management but offer great service and great prices.My relations have also stayed here several times and would agree also as above.	
Mar 31 2008	Thank goodness a smoking hotel	Thank you, thank you, thank you Newham Hotel. It is about time that some hotels realize the need for smoking rooms.Very much appreciated.	
Dec 17 2007 	Not bad at all! No really!	We stayed for only one night here, and I short night I may add.I've read the other reviews, so I expected worse, but it was not bad at all. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised. Better than 2 other London hotels I had seen (years earlier). They were more expensive and more... euh... crap*.Availability:I made a booking a week prior to the trip, around Christmas time. That means that most hotels are fully booked, or really expensive. Considering we were only in the UK for less than 24 hours (visiting a concert in the O2 venue) room rate was most important.Rates are high in London, no doubt, this was one of the cheapest options, no actually, the cheapest. The hotel itself:It's on a busy road, extending backwards. Hotel is typically red plush with overly decorated wall to wall carpet. Very British :)Not luxurious, but to me perfect. Staff was friendly and helpful, and did give a quiet room as requested. The hotel has small corridors, tricky corners and stairs, but all okay. I felt welcome and it had a pleasant feeling.The room:Good! Middle sized, a twin room, with tea and coffee facilities(?) and a small fridge, good mirror, good beds, matrasses, clean sheets, warm blanket (duvet?*) and proper sized closet, and a small tv. (Did not check that) Also the opened windows gave the room a crisp feeling. Nice. The bathroom is not big but convenient. Absolutely spotless sink, mirror and toilet. The shower was a bit troublesome. Getting a constant temperature took some getting used to, and there was some mould at the corners. (But I've seen that in before, even in more luxurios hotels) Does not look attractive, but I didn't care that much. Maybe because everything else was good!Also... we did not smell any cigarette odour, but maybe it was luck?We left very early so we skipped breakfast. Can't help you out with that one.Public Transport, to and from:With the O2 in mind, in fact connectivity to the center also, connections are very okay. 300ft(*)/100mtr from the hotel there are busstops (25 en 86) going to and from Stratford Underground Station. I think every 5 min during the day, and 24 hours a day (every 10 min or so).From Stratford on it's easy. I was weary about the busses thinking that only the underground is easy, but busses are very handy!Just step off the bus when you see the McDonalds ;-)In short:Good value for money, I would recommend for weekend breaks, but do not expect the world. Then you have to shell out more.... and a lot more I think.(*sorry, english is not my native tongue, and thus sometimes difficult)(Picture shows my blurry friend on her bed, in foreground my bed with all my stuff, (I'm standing in front of the door) in the corner the closet on top off the fridge, the tv, &quot;behind&quot; the tv the bathroom, shower positioned left of door and toilet on right. Behind the curtains two windows.)	
Jul 19 2007 	Newham Hotel - Not fit to be called a Hotel	Booked 4 nights double ensuite at the Newham Hotel for business. Only managed 2 nights and booked out into other hotel. On the internet the rooms looked clean (important) and comfy. On arrival were told that room would not be ready for at least another hour. The hotel stunk of stale cigarette smoke. Our room was small, cramp and very hot. Two empty beer bottles had been left on top of the wardrobe, wardrobe door hanging off, TV did not work (no aerial), we reported this to reception as we had to get out of the room for air, 2 hours later we came back to find that nothing had been done and the chap had gone home. Other chap went to get an aerial from another room, only get 4 channels and picture very poor. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting and not fit for use. Shower didnt work very well, the shower tray was cracked, water was tepid, there was damp and grime all up the walls and within the shower cubicle, the overall cleanliness of the bathroom was grimy, unclean and not fit for guest or any use. The outside pain of our window was partly smashed, and as it was so hot and stuffy the window had to remain open, which didn't help with the fact that a huge metal cylinder (boiler) attached to the wall outside of the window kept us awake all night with it's noise. Breakfast was awful she didn't even bother to offer/give us tea/coffee (we didn't bother next morning)and staff unfriendly. We were also advised not to go out after dark in this area. We wasted £52 per night for this.	
Oct 17 2006 	Smokers welcome non-smokers beware	I've stayed at this hotel before, but my last stay in October had a serious issue. When I checked in, I asked for a single NON-SMOKING room. I was told that I could have a ensuite or basic (cheaper), and I selected the basic, as I was only staying one night. The room smelled of air freshner when I put my stuff in, so I opened the window and went to Upton Park Station to take the underground into London.When I returned at night, the window was closed and the room STUNK like SMOKE. I complained at the front desk, and the clerk (who was smoking at the time), told me there were no other rooms, and gave me a can of air freshner. I was not able to sleep well and had to leave the window and door open to get enough air to breath.	
Sep 20 2009 	por la calidad que ofrece tiene un precio excesivo		
