Nov 14 2009 	Clean basic efficient excellent value.	Arrival at this quiet square in Kensington belied the fact that we had paid a lot less than £100 to stay at this very starightforward, even trendy, little place.The staff were efficient and helpful. The room was clean, the bathroom was immaculate, the towels and sheets spotlessly clean, the decor modern.The breakfast was a bit basic (toast and cerals only ) but then again, it was a very low price for a tremendous location and a great night's sleep. Recommended.	
Oct 28 2009 	Nice budget hotel in good location	Our room was nice and quiet twin room in the third floor. We had a garden view although we didn't expect it. The room was clean and sheets and towels were changed every day. Our toilet could have been cleaner. Bathroom was OK, only the shower curtain was slightly too short which led the whole bathroom getting wet while showering but we didn't find that as a that big problem. I also turned many times wrong way in the corridor, there could have been some more signs to indicate which way you should walk to find your room. :DEarls Court tube is very close to the hotel and has good connections to centre and to Heathrow airport. Also Earls Court road nearby provided some shops, restaurants and pubs. Also 24H Tesco is within short walking distance. The area felt also safe and tidy (have no idea actually was it just an illusion or is it a &quot;better&quot; area or not). We spent there five nights and propably would go again.Yes, it's not what you might have used to expect of hotels in other countries or hotels with 4 stars or something like that. It is a place to spend your night while staying in London and not wanting to spend all your money on accommodation but still want something else than a dorm room etc.	
Sep 4 2009 	excellent location	Perfect location- three minutes to the Tube and five to Earls Court Road where you get a number of good eating/take away restaurants.Room was extremely small but on a later date provided with a better room on the 3rd floor.Reception was extremely helpful.	
Sep 2 2009 	basic hotel decent room good location	The hotel was ideal for us due to the location, we were going to see the tennis at Wimbledon and it is just around the corner from the tube. Basically you get what you pay for here. When you enter the hotel it is a bit like entering a youth hostel but don't be put off, the rooms are okay. We have stayed twice now and if you don't mind a bit of a scrummage in the morning for a slice of toast you will be pleasantly suprised.	
Aug 7 2009 	it's a matter of standards-and their's are too low	i had been(and had is definitely the operative word of this sentence!) staying at this hotel since the 70's. it was a place salespeople from the exposition center used to stay at and they know a good deal. it was cheap,clean,had a bar and breakfast and no frills. don't be fooled, like i was, with the pictures they show on the internet. the only parts that look good are the reception area. the new owners have taken away the tv room(that's where you have toast now,instead of a full breakfast),there's no bar now and the attitude of the workers there is outrageous. the carpets haven't been cleaned in years and the room we stayed in(one of their &quot;new&quot;rooms) was obviously made out of an old freight or goods area. it's more like a hostle now, a bad example of a hostle. you'll never see any sales people staying here anymore,or me. the only people we saw were from what ever country the owners are from. and you could tell that as soon as they got oriented, they got out of there. the standards of where they came from might make this place acceptable, but certainly not for london and they know that. they're just not doing a good job, and they have an attitude about it! it's a disgrace. an absolute disgrace. i'm willing to talk to ANYONE who's stayed at this place and been happy with it. go ahead,surprise me with a good review! [--]	
Mar 31 2009 	What a Shame	The location is excellent, just a two minute walk to the underground or the tube, food shops, cafes etc...But, the front desk staff were singularly unhelpful - bodering on rude.The room was tiny but hey, that's typical for London and not as small as some I have stayed in over the years when I have visited there before.The bedding was clean but the bathroom was not. There is no air-conditioner so in summer the rooms get very hot and opening the window was a real trial.No bed bugs thank heavens. Breakfast was adequate. You certainly get what you pay for, especially in London but still, I think it's possible to do better.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent hotel!	Four of us stayed in two rooms, we had a great stay. It's VERY clean, not a bed bug in sight! :-)	
Jan 16 2009 	BEST VALUE FOR MONEY	The Garden View Hotel is everything I had expected. It is a very good value; it is comfortable, clean, good accommodations, quiet and a very pleasant and helpful staff. They arranged for us one day trip to Windsor, Stonehenge and Bath which was fantastic experience.The rooms are standard size for London, the breakfast is efficient. My room had beautiful view for the Garden. I liked very much we had a safe inside our room.It’s located near Earl’s Court road which has plenty choices for restaurants and a big Tesco (open 24h) is just 5 minutes walking distanceThe location of the Hotel is perfect for centre London and easy travelling from and to Heathrow airport.	
Nov 18 2008 	BEWARE!!! Bed Bugs 	BEWARE ! ! ! !4 people stayed from Nov 6 thru Nov 11, 2008. Thought we had bed bug bites but after seeing doctor it was Scabies. All 4 people had it. To day is Nov. 18, 2008 and still on antibitics. After we had come home and slept in our own beds, saw our doctors, we all had to have our own mattress' disinfected. Not cheap or pleasant. Friend Googled this place and found many other reports of same Bed Bug Bites. Hope these people go back to their doctors because it is not bed bug bites but actual scabies which is a royal pain in #ss to get rid of and is highly contagious. Waiting to see if hotel management will reimburse.	
Nov 10 2008 	Bedbugs	The room was what i expected it to be because of the price and the star rating. HOWEVER, my friend caught bedbugs and that is not a pleasant experience. Therefore i would never recomend anyone to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 3 2008	Awful place	Although in a promising location, the hotel is poorly run, offers terrible service, and has problems with some of the infrastructure. We had problems from the start, when we were told that two rooms had been booked instead of one, and we were to pay for the second room. All our paper work was in order, and we had the confirmation for the booking of one room. The reception staff expected us to pay for their mistake (we did not - after we demanded to see the management, they backed down).All staff were not native english speakers, and had problems communicating (remember this is in England!!)The heating did not work, and the room was unacceptably freezing.The breakfast was a joke; service non-existent, food choice very limited and poor, and the room far too small for the number of guests.All in all, it was a terrible experience.	
Sep 20 2008 	Do not stay here	We knew that hotel rooms in Europe were small, but this one was tiny. The hotel lobby had many cracked tiles and the rooms were dirty, out towels looked like something we would wash our cars with, and the beds had springs popping up. The staff was Russian and not friendly or helpful. The room came with breakfast which consisted of instant coffee and bread that you had to toast yourself.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 17 2008 	You get what you pay for!	I was looking for a budget hotel for a one-night layover between flights at Heathrow and settled on the Earl's Court area because hotels near Heathrow are outrageously expensive. I chose the Garden View because the price was right. The location is great, an easy walk from the tube station. Service is decidely minimalist, so don't expect any assistance beyond receiving your room key. Rooms are basic, but okay. Breakfast is as others have described - nothing more than tea/coffee, toast and juice. But it would be hard to find greater amenities at this price anywhere in London. So, I would probably stay at the Garden View again under similar budget-oriented circumstances, but wouldn't recommend it for a longer stay or to someone looking for a bit more luxe.	
Sep 9 2008 	47 bed bug bites over 2 days!!!!!!!	Yes, that is right folks. 47 bites all over my arms, face, neck, scalp, legs and torso. They are hard to spot, but I did catch one the second day of my stay so it was confirmed (not random mosquito bites). The staff at the front desk were appologetic, but not in the least surprised.In my opinion it doesn't matter how nice the room is decorated, how friendly the staff are, how awful the breakfast was - if there are bugs in your room, you are going to be miserable. It will overshadow what could have been a nice vacation/weekend away, so don't take the risk.	
Jun 29 2008 	My stay was great!!!!	I booked the room online for 3 nights and i know 2* hotels can be really horrible but i took the chance because of the price....The room was much much better then i expected!!! Great big closets, high seilings, very nice bed, wooden floor, big mirror, big shower/toilet......just 1 negative point of the room is that the shower is like a shower rain there is no choice of using a shower head, dont understand why? All in all the room is really nice!!!!!! I think the staff is nice, i like a little bit of fast check-inn/out not too much chat, i dont need that 'small talk' what some hotels do: because for one i have no time and 2 i am not in the mood for this! Most hotel staff of bigger hotels still keep on doing this while they see i dont like it, and here it was perfect, exactly how i like it! Lady at the reception helped me get a cab for a nice price to the station when i checked out that was really nice of her!!! Offcourse there is 1 big minus point but that has nothing to do with the hotel itself its in whole of UK and soon in whole EU: No smoking :( :( :( there are no 'smoking allowd' rooms anymore left i think in no hotel anymore :( Next time i will take a room with a balcony so i dont need to go all the way outside with my eyes half open for my first morning sigaret......But once again that is not there fault i think its the law....Other then the smoking part, i did not take the breakfast but as i knew before i made the reservation its conti and i dont like that i also dont like english breakfast i like to make my own breakfast ;) so for me breakfast is not a big deal, i knew it before... There are almost no hotels in Europe that i like the breakfast, some hotels in Germany have amazing buffet but thats about it nothing can compare with that and i didnt expected for this price and 2* a buffet or some big choice of meals...So i dont complain at all about the food i knew it before....All in all really great hotel, and the location is offcourse great!!!! My next visit will be again at this hotel!!!!! Only this time a room WITH a balcony so i can smoke in private ;)	
Apr 12 2008 	Ok hotel	This hotel is just fine. Great quiet area, close to the tube and at a decent price. It's not the nicest hotel in London, being a bit run-down and oldish. But if you're just looking for a place to sleep and not pay a fortune, this is perfect. The staff at the reception were very friendly and helpful. The cleaning staff were a bit grumpy, but it didn't bother me. Overall this was a nice stay.	
Apr 9 2008 	great location horrible hotel	The location was great! It was right on the earls court tube line and easy to access everything but the actual hotel was horrible. The breakfast options were basic juice, jam and toast which is fine and to be expected but everyone were forced to grab the food with their hands because there were no utensils. The beds springs jabbed into my back and I ended up moving to the floor.I am a college student who can sleep just about anywhere but this was really bad. I asked for a new room and they said all the beds were the same. I ended up switching hotels after the first night and for the same price and one block over, I got a much nicer hotel. I tried to get a refund for the last two nights but the manager claimed that we were there all three nights. Even when I showed them my receipt of check out with a date and everything, the manager claimed it they were right and I was wrong. The service was horrible and the conditions were even worse! There are much better places for the same price!	
Mar 22 2008 	excellent location and price	excellent location 2 minute walk for tube station This is our second stay at this hotel our room was cleaned everyday fresh towels and a nice clean bathroom we found the staff friendly .If want a cheap stay like we wanted for tubes and a nice safe location. we stayed in room 23 prefect for 2 people .	
Feb 18 2008 	Basic to say the least.	The Garden View is a bit of an odd hotel. It has a good location, close to Earl's Court tube but in a fairly quiet area.We only stayed one night, but would not have wanted to stay more. I assume they are giving it some kind of makeover as the upper levels have a new carpet and a fresh coat of paint, but the lower levels (excluding the dining room) were the dirtiest and most squalid I have ever seen in a hotel anywhere! It didn't look like it had been cleaned for days and the carpet was sticky underfoot (always a bad sign!).The 'makeover' in our room was superficial. A trendy plum colour paint does not overcome the general shabbyness. The bed was uncomfortable, the windows rattled and the remote control for the TV was missing.The breakfast was the most basic I have had in London and the whole breakfast environment was unwelcoming. It felt more like a fast food outlet than a hotel dining room.I would not stay at this hotel again, unless I couldn't get a booking anywhere else and the alaternative was sleeping on a park bench in the gardens opposite the hotel.	
Feb 14 2008	Bed bugs and faulty plumbing	It's true this hotel is reasonably priced for London, but I would rather pay a little bit more than stay here again. The good things first: nice neighborhood, close to the underground, free breakfast. The bad things: bed bugs in our first room, an overall lack of cleanliness in the rooms (and my standards aren't that high), the toilet didn't flush properly and the shower drain overflowed within 2 minutes of getting into the shower. This place has potential, but is not run very well in my opinion.	
Feb 6 2008 	you won't regret it	I've stayed here three years ago and at the time I've already enjoyed this hotel, so I chose Garden View again on my recent visit to London and I didn't regret it.I've stayed three nights (February 1 to February 4, 2008) with some friends - 5 rooms at all - and I must say, the hotel is even better than the last time. I believe they made some works inside the bedrooms because they look much better than three years ago, though they continue extremely small (anyway... people don't book a room to play football in there...). Staff cleans the rooms (make the beds as well) and the insuite bathrooms every day. We had a little problem in one of the rooms on the first day because the bathroom had a horrible smell. But, as soon as we complained, the hotel just gave us another room for the rest of the days.To me, the only problem lies in the small breakfast room... Breakfast is self service, but there isn't enough space for everybody. Tables are very close to the place where the food is and it's very easy to queue when you are wating just to get a coup of cofee (perhaps they should change the location of the toaster, that's the main origin of the delays). Basically, there is a queue if there is more than one person trying to take breakfast.In my opinion, here are the pros and cons (taking into account the hotel category and price payed):Pros: location, cleanliness of the rooms, friendly staff.Cons: size of breakfast room, high price for european standards.All in all, the pros well beat the cons and we all had a pleasant stay. No doubt I'll return to Garden View when I get back again to great London town.Cheers!	
Jan 4 2008 	Great budget hotel	We stayed at the Garden View Hotel for 6 nights in December 2007. I was worried about some of the reviews I read, but overall I'm glad we ended up staying at this hotel.First off, people who are unhappy with this hotel have very high expectations of a european hotel. If you plan on staying in your room the entire trip, then yes this hotel is not ideal. If you want a gym and room service, you'll need to go elsewhere. However if you are looking for a clean place to rest your head and have a shower, it's perfect. This is London, you should never be in your room!The hotel is doing major remodeling which is not noted anywhere so be prepared. During the day they have workers in the halls drilling, sanding, etc. But they stop by 6pm each night. The remodeled rooms are actually very, very nice. (Nothing like the pictures that are posted on their website or expedia). Each room is pretty much furnished from IKEA. We stayed on the first floor and have two french doors that lead out to a balcony. It was facing the garden which was beautiful. So either ask for a room on a higher floor (or something that over looks the garden).The breakfast I will say is a joke. Its literally toast and corn flakes. You can walk 4 blocks and there is a Starbucks, McDonald's, Burger King and several small bakeries on the main street.Also the Tube station is two blocks away which was perfect for us. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a decent, affordable place to stay. Its in a nice, quiet location and within walking distance to the tube, serveral places to eat, stores, pubs and a few internet cafes (which we were happy about).	
Dec 10 2007 	Fawlty Towers Offshoot?	Upon arrival at the hotel, we were encouraged by the upmarket area in which the hotel is housed. However on entering the building we were let down almost immediately. The reception area was dirty and untidy and the staff more concerned about personal calls than attending to guests.We were directed to our room which was on the ground floor. It was dirty and smelled really badly of damp. The space was so small that you had to manoeuver your way into the bathroom where we were greeted by several broken tiles, years old grime and a shower which was dripping something that wasn't water. The towel rail was also broken. The wash-hand basin had no plug and when I ran water to clean the disgusting gunge around the plug-hole, the water stayed there.On a more positive note, when I complained we were given a much nicer room on the second floor but we didn't exactly have a good feeling about the hygiene of the whole place. The carpets on the second floor were as dirty as those in the rest of the hotel, but the room itself was clean.The breakfast the following morning was hysterical. There were 2 women sat in a room just off the dining room who seemed to get cross when you asked them for juice or bread for the toaster. Their description of Continental Breakfast should be changed forthwith to Toast and Jam.All in all, I would not recommend anyone to use this hotel. In the same area, there are many charging a similar price who provide a clean, comfortable environment.	
Nov 24 2007 	A place to shower and rest your head	Though not a 5 star hotel, this is a nice place to take a warm shower and rest your head for the night. Conveniently located near Earls Court Station w/ easy access to that late night snack from one of the shops on Earls Court Rd. on your way in for the night. Easily reached by Underground from London Heathrow. Hotel staff were friendly and knowledgeable about travel destinations. The Ritz it is not, but adequate it is.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great location Great for the $$$ Great Staff	I read the reviews on the Garden View hotel before staying there and was concerned about what I had read. After staying there for a week - I have to say it is a great hotel!The location is excellent, very close to the tube, supermarket, restaurants and it is in a very quiet and peaceful street.The staff are fine, I can’t imagine them being rude to anyone. They are European and perhaps the accent made people think they had attitude, but I found them friendly, chatty, helpful and a lot of fun.The room and bathroom were both small but they were very clean, modern and in perfect condition. There was some work being done by painters and carpenters on my floor but it didn’t start til about 10am and finished at 5pm.I didn’t eat at the hotel so can not comment on that, but judging from the rest of my experience it would have been fine.I definitely recommend it and would stay there again.	
Sep 23 2007 	They do not respect prepaid bookings!!!	I took my daughter to London as a surprise trip just before she enters college. As soon as we checked-in the girl in the reception told us that they have no occupancy and I should go to another hotel that they have booked us a room instead. We were very upset and showed her the PREPAID VOUCHER all the 5 nights. Her explanation was that this is a busy time in London and she has no rooms available and either I go to the other hotel or I get my money back from the website, Otel.com!!!!What a welcome and what a surprise from my 17 year old daughter.I kept on trying and told her I wanted to meet the manager.When she found me insisting and persistent, she finally gave me a room in the basement!This very tiny room didnt get a bed sheet change except in our last fifth day. The room was dusty to the extent that our bags were soiled. The connection between the phone and the reception was not working and they asked me to go down to the reception when I received an overseas call at night!! Breakfast was a disaster and we had to go to a nearby restaurant to have a decent one.	
Sep 6 2007 	Sorry it was a nasty experience this hotel	We stayed in London last August for a period of 7 nights in this so called Garden view hotel (everywhere is written Terstan hotel, probably Garden view is intended as a tourists gathering name). We chose this one because tried to get one double room within 100 euro per night. But there is an old saying which says: 'you pay less and you get less'.The room was about 6 sq meters with a bed designed probably for 1 person and a half, but not for two persons. The bathroom had only shower. The room had only very old stuff like the bed cover spotted with old coffee probably.Breakfast is with name only. The only stuff is hot water and little sachets of tea and coffee. But as food you can find only slices of bread and butter and jam.They have also a pot of corn flakes and cold milk and a pot of juice.This must be the European breakfast. Fool of us that we didn't think to ask somewhere else for British breakfast.The only two good points of this hotel were:- A 200 meters Tesco supermarket in the neighborhood;- A close Tube station (Earls' s court station).As a final word, London is a too great that our vacation to be minimalised by such a hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	Very dirty and small	I booked this hotel based on the first 3 reviews I read. I now wish I had read on as I strongly agree with all the negative points people have written.When we got to the hotel we were not greeted by the lady behind the reception - she was sat behind the wall and didn't even say hello. She asked my name and put our room key on the desk. We both found her to be rude as she didn't even greet us.We were on the third floor so went up in the lift which was very small and didn't sound very safe. We were worried it wouldn't make it all the way up!My first impression of the room was fine - double en suite. It looked nice for an en-suite room and looked as though everything we needed was there. There was a blind instead of a curtain which I quite liked but found the room very hot.I opened the doors to what I thought was a cupboard but to my surprise it was the smallest bathroom I've ever seen. The toilet was cramped in the corner and did not look clean at all, the shower looked as though it wasn't cleaned before our arrival and there was hair in it - quite frankly I found it to be very claustrophobic!To save the best part til last - the bed. The sheets were dirty and had various stains on them - including blood!My pillow case had stains on it also. I have never seen anything so disgusting in my life.If you want a clean place to stay - avoid this hotel. It wasn't good value for money at all and the staff are rude.	
Aug 11 2007 	A Finnish review from 3 persons	We were very pleased with the hotel. It was clean and peaceful. The staff was friendly. A short way to the tube and buss. The room was large.	
Aug 3 2007 	Good two star hotel	I went to London for a week holiday with my family. The hotel is located in a nice and really very quiet place, 200mt from Earl's Court underground station. Not far there is a Tesco, open 24h/day. Part of the hotel is being refurbished. There is a lift. When booking I asked for a room facing the garden and I got it: the view of the garden is very pleasant. The room I got (4 people) was a bit small, and would definetely need refurbishing.Breakfast is continental and buffet (toast jam milk cornflakes juices). The room for breakfast is small and there are times it is packed with people. Luggage may be left in a storage cupboard after check-out. Hotel employees are corteous.The hotel is not cheap, but considering prices in England an particularly in London, probably it is convenient.If I had to go back to London I might use again this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	good value for money	This is a correct 2* hotel,if you compare it with so many crappy budget hotels in London. I went with a few girlfriends on a shopping weekend ; great location, close to the underground and many cafes and restaurants nearby. .The staff are OK, we did not need their assistance , so I cannot comment on their service.Rooms: try to book a new or superior room, which are very nice and trendy. Breakfast is indeed limited, but it was a bonus that it was free of charge, as lately most hotels charge separtely for breakfast . I did not expect more than coffee/toast,juice and cerealI think most guests are expecting too much, but this is definitely one of the best 2* hotels in London that I have tried.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great location better than most at this price	The price was right for this hotel in a great location. Don't expect a 4 star hotel at a 2 star price, but the staff was quite friendly and the room was much more clean than most at this price in Europe.	
Jul 8 2007 	Good Stay	Cheap, clean, pleasant, near the tube, good option to stay.A booked at directhotels.com, it was the best price, everithing ok.The staf is very atentious and pleasant. I reccomend.	
Jul 8 2007 	Horrid Experience	If all the other reviews did not arouse your attention, let me add my personal observations and reflections: 1) The Eastern European front desk attendant with the blond hair is perhaps the rudest, most uncustomer friendly individual that you will even encounter in any service industry. 2) Unless you get a room on the top floor, the hallway looks like a rat trap. The carpet looks like it has not been vacuumed in weeks (literally) and they are in a dilapidated condition. 3) The breakfast is just what everyone says-break, corn flakes (which fall all over the table by the way) juice, coffee/tea and utensils that may be there, may not be there when you need them 4) A surprise 10 Pound deposit for a remote control (how utterly tacky) 5) A restaurant attendant (blond lady) that sits around and eats rather than helps (see pictures). When she does work, she manhandles the bread with her hands(no gloves, no utensil thongs) 6) shower curtain that falls apart every day. 7) Dirty elevator with papers that the attendants don't clean.Folks, this is not just a cheap hotel-this is a disgrace. Don't stay here, please, for your own sanity.	
Jul 1 2007 	Disappointed	I think the biggest problem with this hotel is their basement rooms. We arrived late and got a room in the basement, it was dirty, filthy, broken tiles in the bathroom, when we showered the water ran out in to the bedroom - obviously not the first time as we could see when we checked under the carpet by the bathroom door (yuk!), we complained and it was fixed the next day. But then we discovered that the TV didn't work, and one of the lamps in the bathroom didn't work either. That was fixed when we got back in the evening. And also they were redecorating the other rooms in the basement, so there was a lot of noise from 8 o'clock in the morning.Breakfast was served in a small and very warm room, it consisted of white bread, jam, corn flakes and tea - not very good, we preferred to go to the little italian restaurant not far from the tube station at Earls Court and have breakfast there - very nice. Of the hotel staff one was friendly, but the others were just rude.We were very disappointed and will never stay here again, and we will absolutely not recommend it to others. Yes, you get what you pay for, but this is not what we were promised at all.	
Jun 28 2007 	Would not Recommend	We stayed here for 2 nights last weekend and it is one of the worst hotels I have stayed in. It was budget, but you still expect a certain standard.Our room was in the basement - maybe some on the higher floors are ok, but ours was not good. It was dark, dingy, the floor was dirty, bedclothes dirty..and to top it all off when I flushed the toilet it started gushing water out all over the place. To be fair I complained to reception and they sent down a man who fixed it. But we did not risk a shower - it looked filthy. The breakfast was supposed to be continental, which in my book means nice fresh bread, fruit, cereals, cheeses etc etc. Not the case here - you're basically provided with cornflakes, white toast (no choice), tea, coffee, apple juice. Also, the staff were quite rude and not at all efficient - we had told them we had a late arrival time and they assured us it was no problem - we were still left for about fifteen minutes at 1.00 in the morning ringing the bell...eventually someone heard us and came to check us in. The only good thing about the hotel is the location - I would not stay here again.	
May 21 2007	Backpackers place terrible breakfast some rude staff + unhelpful	Lower than basic rooms, tiles in the bathroom were broken, dirty carpet. Breakfast very poor; only white toast and jam in a packed little room. When we left there was hardly any space in luggage &quot;room&quot; (more a closet - not kidding!). We had to shuffle luggage around to make space. No help from hotel personnel with this, they just gave us a key to look for ourselves. (And gave us access to other people's luggage). Before we left, we could not even use a toilet because there was no toilet for guests outside the room toilets (and we had already checked out.)	
Apr 9 2007 	No complaints	I stayed four nights in the hotel and honestly had zero problems. The people were brief but helpful and knowing that there would be little in the way of extras, I simply didn't expect what was not coming. Honestly, I'm pretty independant so much of the services American hotels provide I do not use.My room in this hotel was small, neat, and clean (sort of like an Ikea display), facing the garden (even though the garden in question is for residents only) and the street was quiet enough to get a good night's sleep. And after running around in central London, I was happy for a break from crowds! Garden View is not far from Earl's Court tube station and some small markets/restaurants like Wagamama; I would happily stay there again.As others have noted, the provided breakfast is fairly basic, but I tried it one morning and enjoyed the corn flakes. It was enough to sastisfy my hunger until lunch.	
Mar 22 2007 	Good Value	We booked a one night stay at the Garden View Hotel through direct-hotels.com and got our room for 40 GBP (Was 75 GBP on the hotel's website). While we booked a double, we were given a triple in the basement (is this where they put the people who booked a cheap room?). We thought the room was huge for a London hotel room (granted, we were in a triple), but the room was very clean, relatively quiet, and seemed to be recently refurbished. The hotel is in a great location just 2 short blocks from the tube, yet on a square off the main road, so traffic noice was almost non-existant. The matress was a bit lumpy, and the common areas of the hotel were pretty worn and run-down looking, but compared to other hotels in this price range, this place is a gem. I would definetely stay there again.	
Feb 18 2007 	Get what you pay for can't complain!!!	We stayed in the Garden View Hotel in November 2006, the hotel itself has a fantastic location literally just around the corner from the tube station and Earls Court Arena. We booked the hotel to stay at as we went to see George Michael, and to do a bit of xmas shopping.Granted the hotel is cheap but you get what you pay for, we stayed in the lower ground rooms and we found them to be really warm, also a word of caution make sure your feet are completely dry when you leave the bathroom, as there is a high step onto a laminate floor, i slipped and badly sprained my ankle and had to spend a couple of hours waiting to get it xrayed!!!The rooms are basic, but clean, i felt that our room had been redecorated lately so i'm unsure what the rest of the rooms are like, the breakfast is toast and cereal, but again it cost us £90 for two nights for two adults.I really think that the complainers that visit this hotel need to put their hands in their pockets and dig a little deeper if they want any better!!If we were staying in london again we would return!!	
Nov 28 2006 	Pleasant Surprise and Value for Money on a budget in London	We are a family of 3 from Australia and have just come back from 3 weeks travelling AUS - London - Italy - London - AUS where we stayed at the Garden View at the beginning and the end of our vacation. We were travelling on a budget and fighting the exchange rate of the Aussie dollar (1 aud = 0.4 gbp)We booked the hotel via a website (forget which one - there are so many ) for the fist stay and direct the second stay. Looking for value for money in a city notorious for small rooms and high prices is a big ask, so our priorities were for a hotel which offers cleanliness, a comfy bed, a quit sleep, shower, breakfast and hospitality. If you want anything more than this then you are looking in the wrong section - try 4 stars and up. I was pleasantly surprised upon check-in (both times) to be given several sets of keys to CHOOSE which available room I would like for my stay. As we needed a triple room, we were given rooms on the basement floor which have recently been refurbished (56 first stay and 63 on return stay). We also got to view most of the other rooms on this floor and all were very suitable to our requirements, however I think the rooms with 3 single beds(room 63) are bigger than the rooms with a double + single (room56). So if space is an issue book a triple with 3 single beds. All rooms viewed/stayed in were very clean, standard size for London ( ie you could just swing a cat around inside) , had an ensuite with good water pressure and HOT water, had wooden floors, were centrally heated (at approx 25c) and serviced every day (bed made, rubbish bin emptied and fresh towels). From what I saw, they are in the process of refurbishing the hotel, so some of the upper rooms are still in &quot;original condition&quot; - so check this out when you bookAll staff I encountered were friendly , helpfull and even greeted you with a smile (this is a rarity in London). Most importantly, when we returned for our second stay after 10 days away we were instantly recognised and greeted with the lovely smiles yet again.Breakfast was filling but simple. Toast and jam followed by cornfalkes followed by toast and jam followed by........ until you cannot rise to get any more. Not a gourmet meal I know, but still tasty and much better than nothing. I have stayed in about 10 different hotels over the past 7 years on over a dozen business and 3 leisure trips (ie some were paid by the company and some by me) and all rooms in London are NOT going to be BIG unless you book the Ritz. As far as value for money is concerned, and from my experiences as a traveller, this is very good value for money for a people on a budget especially when compared with other establishements I have stayed where the room rates where 50% higher.	
Oct 3 2006 	A Budget Girl's Perfectly Priced Hotel....	I booked this hotel through hotels.com after previously using a travel agent and finding myself feeling as if I was sleeping in a crypt in the Bayswater section of London. Who would have thought that such a gym could be found online, and for under 70 bucks a night!I love, love, love this hotel and will gladly stay there again when I travel to London. The hotel is located near earl's court station (only a 5-7 minute walk--or about 4 blocks if you walk very slow) and there are tons and tons of shops and restaurants nearby---I loved being able to buy cheap groceries at sainsburys and the more expensive food from Marks and Spencer. I also loved all of the different types of restaurants---traditional pub food to delicious Indian food.Ok, lets get down to business....I arrived at the hotel an hour before check in time and unfortunately my room wasn't ready. Which was ok by me. I sat on the little bench in the entry way (there is no large reception area....just a simple desk and a bench and the breakfast dining room nearby.I received my key and given the option of using the stairs or the elevator. The building that the hotel is in is an older style building and you can see the beautiful detail in the iron banister. The only negative is that the elevator is super cramped and can hold only one or two people at a time.My room was located on the 2nd floor and wow! what a room! I opened my door to find myself looking at my clothing closet straight in front, the bathroom door to the right side, and another door on the left hand side. Almost like a mini foyer.I opened my bedroom door and wow! I was very impressed. The room is longer than it is wide, which is kind of odd, but I had a dresser and bed and chair, tv on a stand that is hooked to the wall, and big, big ceiling high window/patio doors that lead to the balcony overlook the &quot;garden view&quot;.Many different neighborhoods have neighborhood parks where the park itself is gated, and those that live in the neighborhood are given keys to the park...so it isn't open to the public, and you don't have to worry about people sleeping in the park at night or being rowdy, etc.The room was very clean and came with an automatic tea kettle and coffee and tea stuffs. The tv was decent, and there was a clock phone that was easy to set.the bathroom did not have a tub, but many hotels of this type do not. It did have a very decent shower (though water pressure may be a bit difficult for washing hair). The bathroom was very roomy and quite clean.I loved, loved, loved this room. I am a budget traveler and my main wants are cleanliness, safety, and easy access to transportation. I loved the earls court area, and found it so easy to get to and from the station. There are also many telephone and internet cafes so I was always able to check my email and call family.Some more uppity types will really lambast and degrade the area as a whole....fine, let them. If they was to pay 150 US dollars a night to sleep, go ahead. I spent under 70 or so dollars and felt soooo comfy AND safe.And to make a note of it...I spent my last two nights in London in a different and slightly more expensive hotel...and had two difficult nights of sleep since the walls were so thin and the room a chore to get to in and of itself! Garden View Hotel would get 5 stars, I left off 1 star because I figure you have to save 5 stars for the Fairmont types of hotels and perhaps a hotel with a view of Buckingham Palace. :)	
Sep 19 2006 	Ok Nothing special	The Hotel is in a good location and it does indeed overlook Garden/square....Check in was quick and efficient and we were given a twin double room on the first floor...room smelt of B.O!..But once windows were opened for an hour it cleared...the bedspreads/brown blankets were dirty and stained and smelt of body odours!..so we only used the white sheets for cover...(luckily it was quite warm weather)..Tea bags/Coffee was supplied in room which we welcomed..but the plug socket for the kettle didnt work so we had to move the kettle onto the floor under the TV which we had to unplug to use that socket to boil the water.As I had paid for this hotel for the weekend for my husbands birthday we thought we'd make the best of it and went out to enjoy his birthday night in London.The following day we went down to breakfast....it was a do it yourself brekkie, cook your own toast and serve your own drink cornflakes/beverages...we didn't really mind. We then went out for the whole day...on return to the Hotel we planned to shower and then get dressed up to go and watch phantom of the Opera...Reception told us they had a water leak and all the hotel's water had been turned off!...not a drop in sight...I asked how long it would be before it came back on and she had no idea...I wasn't pleased as we had only an hour to get ready before the show started!...It was not fixed in time so we had to go out without a shower after walking around london for 8 hours in the heat!!!...so we were running late for the show..we went to reception again and asked her to order us a taxi so that we could make the show in time...she said it would be 20 minutes and we agreed...20 minutes later a chauffer driven car arrived! we wanted a taxi not a chaffeur!..so we had to run to hail a cab up the high street!A bit more effort for their guests wouldn't go a miss and I noticed the hotel comments on here alot..well if you're reading this...then please take notice of the complaints said here by me and others as they are all accurate...and the pictures depicting yopur hotel are not accurate!..the re is no lounge with leather cladded sofas...all the hotel has to offer is a small Ikea style breakfast room!..no sitting area to relax or to wait...and reception is a small hallway with a wooden bench type seat to sit on!	
Sep 16 2006 	good clean budget hotel	we stayed 4 nights in this hotel in August and we had a very good holiday. The room was clean, beds comfortable and had kettle and tv.Half of the rooms are facing a park, our room was at the back, the view was limited, but hey,this is London and all hotels are like this (and we are out all day....)Breakfast is continental; but you can make as much toast as you want not to be hungry.the underground is around the corner, ideal to visit the cityYou can not expect more for a 2* hotel with a good location; we will defenitely return.	
Aug 16 2006 	Revolting im afraid!	We booked this hotel via GTA and had hoped, considering the price, it would be quite pleasant. The location was good, only 5 mins walk from the tube. But thats its only good point.When we arrived we were given a room on the top floor and as soon as we got in the lift we were wary. It was a tiny lift and sounded rickety.When we got out the lift, we were shocked at the state of the floor. The carpet was stained and there were binbags in the hall way and there was a very strong smell of, I dont know what.Upon entering the room we just wanted to run back out. The carpet was stained and threadbare. and the curtains did not close properly, and also, the paint was peeling from the windows. The room smelt of nicotine and was extremely small for a twin. The drawers were filthy, no way were our clothes going in there! So much for the tv and satellite facilities with a mini bar as we had read. We werent told about the hiring of the remote control - not that we wanted to stay there long enough to watch tv anyway. When I got into bed I was greeted with someone elses hair, not nice!There was no plug in the sink, and the towels were very old. We did not stick around long enough to see if the shower worked, and felt we'd probably come out dirtier.Our room overlooked a building site and there were bugs, which made our skin crawl. It was vile. The breakfast room was small and hot, and if it has been recently renovated, I dread to think what it was like before. The staff werent rude, but they werent very welcoming or helpful, definately a zero out of ten. From no on we will definately read reviews before booking another hotel, if we had seen the ones above, which are obviously correct after visiting the place, we would never have booked. We will be contacting the reservation site and will lodge our complaints with them.	
Jul 25 2006	Could expect more...	We stayed one week in a twin room booked trough DirectHotels.Check in went smoothly. The room was at the top level (#23). It could be more clean (eg. see the window on attached pic), and I couldn't find any &quot;garden view&quot;...The main problem was the temperature. Although our stay was a sunny and hot perdiod, the temperature in the room didn't go under 31°C, neither after midnight, with fully opened window.I just couldn't sleep so!!!The breakfast was a little boring: Tesco-Value toast, jam, classic cereal, tea/instant cofee, juice. The breakfast area was air conditioned, but were a bit small for so many guests.Although I expected a little more, the hotel is 5 mins far from tube, and the surrounding area is nice.	
Jun 2 2006	Nigthmare	We booked the hotel with directhotels. Upon arrival our reservation was not known at the hotel (might not be hotels fault). It took the lady some time to find us a &quot;nice room&quot; (her words). When I opened the door I was greated by nicotine smell. Went down to reception immediately and asked for another room. Was told that the entire hotel is &quot;non smoking&quot; and no other double room was available. Nowhere in the hotel (except breakfast room) was a no smoking sign and in the rooms ashtrays were available.The carpet in the room and staircase must have been green once, now it is almost black. The curtain was partly torn down and could not be closed completely. Former guests must have helped themselves with tape that was still sticking to the badly stained curtain. The room (21) was out the back overlooking a dump. Almost no daylight came into the room as the window was in a niche and between the outer walls. One of the lamps had no lightbulb. The cups on the tea tray were dirty. The bedspread was coverd with burn holes (non smoking??) I was afraid of touching anything.Then I had a look at the bathroom. It smelled worse than a public toilet. The toilet bowl was not firmly fixed (never mind, you wouldn't sit down). At least the towels smelled clean and we didn't see any insects.In the &quot;breakfast room&quot; (more or less a self service canteen) the tables were sticky and covered with cornflakes.As we had payed in advance we stayed and came only back at night to sleep. I have travelled a lot but have never stayed at a filthier place and I said so upon check out. Even in rural Africa they had nicer huts (I am not a five star traveller). I learnt to look for reviews before booking a room and recommend everyone to do so.	
Apr 8 2006	Even the cockroaches were moving out!	When we arrived at the hotel I knew we had made a mistake. The girl handed us the key and we took the lift to our room. On opening the door we were instantly hit with the smell of nicotine! My son opened the curtains and the radiator cover fell off! We sat on the bed and the springs poked through. I knew I wouldn´t sleep well! The bath had a blocked plug hole and the water was still in it with hairs and muck! You had to move the furntiure to be able to open the door of the room! The wallpaper was hanging off the walls. To top it all I found toe nail clippings and jelly beans stuck to the carpet. The only good thing was the view from the window!We left the room and went for a walk and on our return I asked if I could change rooms. We were given another room that was slightly better (ie, wallpaper not hanging off quite as much) and slightly bigger. My son was playing on the carpet and discovered a bug. We took it to reception in a matchbox and showed them. She said oh yes, its a cockroach we have lots of them! So I would advise anyone thinking of going to this hotel to give it some serious thought. I wont be going back again thats for sure!	
Feb 21 2006	we lucked out	We were given the ole bait and switch - booked at the Westbury but told it was full and switched here. I zipped into an internet cafe and freaked when I read the reviews....But, luckily, my friend and I got a renovated room. Still well below 2 star for US standards, but nothing like what I was dreading....Small room. Up stairs (tiny elevator only stops on main floors, there are rooms halfway between main floors). On entry: one twin bed five steps in front of you, a wardrobe on your right. Turn right past the wardrobe, one mini-mini bed (barely big enough for a small adult). Bathroom on your right = a 3x3 depression for the shower (in the floor), a tiny sink, and a toilet. A couple tiny nitestands. Decor = minimalist, functional, depressing.Clean enough. Beds made daily (no fresh linen though), fresh towels daily.Room was very smoky. We left the windows open; the radiator was good enough to keep the room warm.Shower = crap. Directly overhead, dropping water straight down on you = impossible to keep shampoo out of your face when washing your hair. Water splashes over the floor since there is no tub, just a depression in the floor to catch the water. Sink has that ridiculous one tap for freezing water, one tap for scalding water setup they seem to like in Europe. Bath was a little grungy but not enough to totally creep me out.Service = so so. Not helpful in the slightest, but at least not rude. They provide a locker that everyone in the hotel crams their luggage into if they arrive before check in time (around 3pm I believe). Not very secure if you ask me.Location = decent, a five minute walk to Earl's Court tube (west side of the city) which is a major station and a mere 15 minutes to Westminster (big ben, parliament, westminster abbey, the big eye). Lots of shops in the vicinity.Room was fairly quiet since there was only one direct neighbor, but we could hear people going down the stairs in the morning. The hotel itself is a few blocks off the major streets in a quiet square (Nevern sq) so it's peaceful.Breakfast - popped in and it looked a joke so I didn't even waste time on a taste.Overall this hotel seems targetted at the college age backpacker budget traveller and I believe it fills the role nicely.	
Feb 6 2006	Really good choice if you look for a decent budget hotel	I was a bit worried going to the hotel after reading some reviews, but I got a good deal on the Internet (on direct-hotels(-), only £35 a night) and was pleasently suprised. 2* hotels in London can be tricky (and I know many of them), but this one is one of my favourites.I got a a nice, clean room, with wooding flooring and new furniture. The bed was fine too.I had a look at some other rooms when the cleaning was being done, some of them have older furniture but looked clean and decent. The breakfast was included in the price, and they serve good quality coffee and orange juice.Also the opening times of the breakfast are good: breakfast is served till 10.30 am, so even after a short night, you can get your coffee.Staff in the hotel: I didn't need their services, so I cannot tell if they are helpfull or not. You have to pay a deposit for the tv-remote which is usual.And you can make outside calls, but you need to ask reception to open the line.We went out every night and felt safe , we were not harassed by anyone. So, this hotel is a good choice for a decent sleep in london	
Feb 2 2006	Hated It.	Perfectly awful. The room reeks of nicotine as if the bedspreads and carpets haven't been washed or freshened in a decade or two. The so-called box spring is a box of wood and the mattress is entirely laughable. It must be circa 1952. I can feel the springs through the mattress covering. There is a telephone in the room, but not allowed to make any outside calls. No remote control for the t.v. I was doubled-teamed by a couple of people preying on tourists at the Earls Court tube station. I could tell they were trying to distract me so they could take my purse away from me when I arrived at night, alone. I was not happy -- didn't feel safe in the area and didn't like the hotel or its staff. They were not very helpful. The hotel IS in a garden square, but the square, like most London squares, is off limits to anyone is not a permitted resident. The hotel location is the ONLY good thing about it. I would never recommend and will NEVER go back. I feel much safer in the Bayswater/Paddington region.	
Dec 11 2005	Never Again	I had a horrible stay at this hotel. The service couldn't be any worse: Our toilet did not flush and we asked if they could fix it and they didn't (and we stayed 5 days...) so we had to fill a bucket of water and dump it in the toilet everytime we....., Also the bed mattresses are super uncomfortable all with bumps (amazing if you have back problems), and one of the heaters in our room didn't work and they didn't fix it eather!Please do not choose this hotel, we don't want others having such a horrible stay as we did.	
Jul 18 2005	scary hotel	I was well prepared for a disappointing hotel because i knew that London will rip you off on hotel stays. I got what I expected. I can't say that this hotel is anomalously bad, given that most hotels under $200 in central London are dumps. The room was very very small. There was no air conditioning. The beds were uncomfortable. And it still cost me $100 for the night that I stayed. Luckily we had the 2nd and 3rd night at another hotel (London Bridge Hotel), which was awesome.	
Apr 27 2005	Acceptable	The hotel is showing it's age and lack of routine maintennance. I felt it was somewhat overpriced, but that seems to be the way of London hotels. The breakfast is a looser (except for the orange juice which gets an average) but it will get you thru the day until noon. There are no hair dryers in the room, and if you want to use the dryer, you have to leave a ten pound deposit at the front desk. The hotel seems to be frequently used by northern European high school groups on tours of London. Thank god there is plenty of hot water. I found the front desk staff to be polite but rather remote or distant.	
Apr 2 2005	Great Bargain	I spent six nights with family at the Garden View Hotel from March 24-March 30, 2005. We had rooms 8 and 10. The positives of the hotel were the price and the location. We booked the rooms by way of a package deal (airfare + hotel) with Go-Today. I highly recommend Go-Today for first-timers to Europe.I figure the hotel rooms ended up costing us less than $100 per room per night, which seemed a bargain for the location. The location, as others have mentioned, is a very short and pleasant walk (a few blocks) to the Earl's Court tube station. There is a McDonalds right next to the station with a built in Internet Cafe. This proved very popular with my teenagers. I also found it handy for last minute research on London tours/sites and keeping track of the NCAA basketball tournament results.You can buy very inexpensive weeklong TravelCards that provide you unlimited travel on the London subway system. The &quot;Tube&quot; will take you anywhere you want to go. And there's hardly ever a wait. The trains run continuously and are safe and clean.The hotel is also in a very quiet and apparently upscale area. The entire location felt very safe and comfortable. There are grocery stores, pharmacies, and other shops to take care of most any comfort need. We had very little problem with noise from outside the hotel. Room 10 had some noise one night from folks in an adjacent room who returned late and watched TV. The walls did not provide much of a sound barrier.Room 8 is a very quiet location. Almost isolated from the rest of the hotel and any other source of noise. I would recommend you request it, with a caveat about the bed (see below).As for downsides, the hotel is not maintained in pristine condition. This was not a problem for us, because all we did was sleep there. The hotel staff are not professionals, so you can't rely on them to get everything exactly right. We had a wake up call for 4 am that got somehow translated as 5 am. Only one of our alarm clocks worked, but we had checked that in advance and used the working clock to assure that we got up in time. We triple-checked to make sure a taxi they arranged was truly going to be there when we needed it. This was no problem. We found that with a smile and courtesy to the staff, we were treated in kind.The hotel beds certainly were not the most comfortable. I found myself sleeping on top of the covers in my sweats, to provide some cushion from the mattress springs. You might want to seriously consider bringing a very thick mattress pad. Seriously!All and all, I would repeat this experience again. Mainly because of the price and nature of our trip. This was a &quot;kid vacation&quot;, and we were looking for the bargain basement deal. I get a sense that you could easily double or triple what we paid for hotel rooms for six nights in London.Cheers and happy travels.	
Mar 31 2005	Fine for a cheap place to sleep	I stayed here for 2 nights with my son of 11 and it was fine for the money - the bedroom was big enough and clean apart from some toenail clippings on the floor (ugh! - they were cleaned up the next day however). We didnt like the breakfast, but it is included in the price and OK if you like longlife milk and rubbery toast. The area its in is a good base for exploring London, and we felt quite safe walking around in the evening. Many of the staff dont speak English and wouldnt be able to help if you needed ideas and information about what to do in London.There is a bit of an odd atmosphere about the place, I hope the cheap price isnt because the staff dont get paid properly!	
Mar 5 2005	very nice hotel	After reading many scary reviews on this site about london hotels I've chosen Garden View Hotel and it was a very good choice! I've stayed there for three nights in february 2005 with my girlfriend in a double bed room on the ground floor. The room was quite small, as well as the bathroom (I guess that's the way it is in London) but everything was very clean and comfortable and the hotel staff cleaned the room every day. Breakfast was alright: toasts, milk, tea, cofee, juice and cereals. We didn't have any problem with the room or the hotel and it felt good returning to our room after a day exploring the great, great, great Lonton town! Garden View Hotel is in a very good zone (earls court). It is a quiet area and we found no problems of any kind. Earl's Court tube station is 2 or 3 minutes from the hotel.If I return to London someday I can be confident booking this hotel.Hope this review is helpful! Cheers!	
Jan 28 2005	So-So: Okay for the money		
Dec 25 2004	for sleep ok		
Aug 2 2004	Good rates but moldy showers and surly staff		
Jul 19 2004	You get what you pay for		
Apr 28 2004	Pleasantly surprised!		
Feb 16 2004	Definitely a budget hotel		
Dec 19 2003	A fair room for a fair price		
May 21 2003	Never Again!		
May 21 2003	Never again!		
Nov 13 2002	getting your money's worth		
Nov 16 2009 	Posizione comoda il resto nella media (inglese)		
Oct 19 2009 	adeguato alle aspettative		
Oct 7 2009	Hôtel très bien		
Aug 28 2009	Davvero un'ottima scelta!!!		
Aug 26 2009 	Ottima posizione!		
Aug 25 2009 	Trés bon rapport qualité prix		
Aug 24 2009 	très pratique pour un week-end		
Aug 7 2009 	Ottima posizione e davvero buon prezzo		
Jun 29 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix  parfait pour un wk		
Jun 25 2009 	Ottima posizione		
May 19 2009 	A éviter absolument		
May 14 2009 	Spartano		
May 12 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Apr 19 2009 	Hôtel correct et très bien placé		
Mar 15 2009 	J'y retournerai		
Nov 13 2008 	Non crediate di aver trovato un hotel da sognoMa in fondo non e` cosi male..		
Nov 9 2008	naja		
Aug 31 2008 	Bien situé mais gros manque d'hygiène		
Aug 7 2008 	Agréble mais manque d'entretien		
Jul 22 2008 	Encantador		
Jul 19 2008 	Runtergekommen 		
Jul 15 2008 	Nie wieder		
Jul 14 2008 	Comodo e Centrale		
Jul 1 2008	horreur punaises!!!!!!		
Apr 15 2008	Bravo chi si adatta!		
Mar 12 2008	bof bof		
Nov 27 2007 	le prix pas plus		
Apr 19 2007 	déception...!		
Sep 12 2006 	Schrecklich		
