Sep 3 2009 	A very bad experience	We selected this hotel because it received a good writeup in the guidebook I consulted and because it looked and sounded wonderful on the hotel's web site. If the photos and reviews were ever accurate they are certainly not so any more. When we arrived at the hotel we discovered that we could not use the main entrance and had to enter via the basement door which was down a narrow flight of stairs. We then had to carry our suitcases up several flights of very narrow and steep stairs because there is no elevator. The first room we were shown had twin beds when we had ordered a double bed. In addition it looked out over a &quot;garden&quot; that was overgrown and filled with rubbish, and also overlooked a railway track that appeared to in constant use and was very noisy. There was a patio door that was completely insecure as it did not lock properly. We asked for a room with a double bed as had been originally requested and at first we were told that there were no rooms available. After a while however we were given a different room which was up several more flights of stairs. It did not have a double bed but rather had two single beds pushed together. The room was very small and cramped and was filthy. It looked like the carpets had not been vacuumed in quite some time, and the blankets and bedspreads were dubious as well. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls. The bathroom was dirty and there was mould on the tiling. There were dirty dusty plastic plants in the window boxes. We were very unhappy but decided to stay and make the best of it because we were only staying one night. I could not have stayed in that hotel more than one night, and in fact found staying there even one night an ordeal. We asked the manager for a wake up call and he agreed to this, then later came to our room and informed us that he could not do this for us as the system was not working. We had to get up early the following morning and so we did not have a chance to sample the breakfast but I would have been very reluctant to do so in any event given our overall experience. All in all this was one of the worst experiences I have ever had hotel wise and I would recommend that this hotel be avoided.	
Jul 23 2009 	A hidden gem	Just stayed here this past weekend. and what can I say? It was lovely! My only regret is sleeping through the free breakfast! It is within walk-able distance of 2 tube stations and its a lovely area. Rooms are small but very clean and just enough space is provided - I didnt feel cramped or anything -its very good value for £ (£50 for one night) I only needed a bed this one was more than sufficient and basic hotel amenities were present in the room. It was quaint - very English - although I believe it was Chines folks that own it - the staff were very friendly. There are a million stairs and NO lift so if you have extra baggage be aware you will have to carry it up 5 flights of stairs... also the walls are paper thin so again if you are a light sleeper bring ear plugs! haha Altho when I went , I think I may have been the last guest to get in so no one kept me up! I REALLY LIKE THIS PLACE AND WILL BE STAYING THERE AGAIN IF I HAVE A MINI WEEKEND IN London. 9/10!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	We Slept Just Fine!	Each morning we awoke, showered and headed for the breakfast area. This B&amp;B is not in the US and the service, like everywhere else in London, is what it is. The staff were more than accomodating, as well as polite. If you are truly on vacation, then all you are really doing is sleeping there: which is exactly what my wife, 3 year old daughter and I did. It's not like we were staying at a resort. We were in London to see London. The Tube was within a 2-3 minute walk and then you could virtually go everywhere. Shame on those people who bad-mouthed the Avonmore. My only gripe would be that I wish they had a lift. Quite the 3/4 story walk at the end of a long day. Cheers to you, Victor and staff. We would definetely be your guests again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Very Rundown	After reading glowing reviews in 2 guidebooks, we booked a room at the Avonmore unfortunately before reading reviews on Trip Advisor. Then it was too late because of their 3 week cancellation policy. So we decided we'd make the best of it. The pictures on the web site are terribly outdated. I'm sure the hotel was a lovely place at one time...a long time ago. I don't thing they've touched the place in 10 years. The carpet is stained. The wallpaper is peeling. The drapes are ancient and dirty. The towels, although clean, are frayed. And the place is in a rundown, but safe and quiet, neighborhood. There really aren't many restaurants or pubs withing a decent walking distance. And West Kensington is pretty far outside of London. No way can you walk to the city. You have to take the tube or a bus. But the sheets were clean and the staff was very accomodating. and the breakfast was good. The maddening thing was we paid the same as we would have paid to stay in a much better and more conveniently located place. Only stay here if you get a really good deal!!	
Jan 30 2009 	Perfectly nice hotel	I stayed at the Avonmore while attending a conference at Olympia. I much preffered the experience to that of staying in the large chain hotels nearby as I have done in previous years.The hotel isn't luxurious, but it's clean, comfortable and the staff are polite and helpful. Breakfast was very good.	
Jan 2 2009 	Reasonably pleasant stay	Just returned from a stay at the Avonmore Hotel. I'd give it a bit of a mixed review - the hotel is somewhat shabby; the rooms are small and the staircases quite steep going up to small rooms. The toilet took a long time to refill, so sometimes didn't flush consistently. The website definitely makes it look more luxurious than the reality. The staff, however, was very lovely and helpful, the breakfast was good, the hotel was clean, the rooms made up promptly, and the single beds were comfortable. West Kensington is a residential neighborhood a little outside central London, the hotel is a 5 -7 minute walk to both the undeground and buses that go directly into the center of the city. (Need to figure on about 30 minutes on the Tube or bus). There is a very good Turkish restaurant nearby, as well as several local pubs, but otherwise not a big restaurant or shopping area.	
Oct 13 2008 	Rubbish!!!	After looking at numerous hotels on the internet we stumbled across the Avonmore hotel, which to be fair from its websites discriptoin and photographs looked exactly what we were looking for!! So we booked. I though the prices were a bit steep but i thought i would be staying in a nice luxury hotel, so i was happy to pay.When we arrived and got off the tube, i was quite dissopointed about the area which we were in, to me it looked a bit run down to be honest. However we proceeded towards the hotel. As soon as we found the street where the hotel was situated i wanted to walk straight back on the train and go home!!! &quot;up market town&quot; was how the hotels website discribed the area!!! more like down market!! Anyway i was going to give it the benifit of the doubt.We were welcomed by a front door that was locked so had to use the lower entrance,good start!!. After checking in we made the massive trek up 3 flights of steep staircases, luggage in tow, to our room.We opened the door and i my heart sank, it was awful!!, The beds had seen better days, carpets were dirty, wallpaper peeling of the walls, cobwebs on the light fitting, a huge green sink situated in a corner which was full of limescale and virtually impossible to get to as there was a chest of draws right infront of it!! The only modern thing about the room was the card swipe door entry system!!!!!Then comes the shared bathroom!!! which i have always hated.It was disgusting!!! there was still a towel on the floor which was wet through and obviously had been there for some time!! The toilet didnt flush properly and the shower was a trailining hose off the hot and cold taps!! the water just trickled out!All this after the first 30 mins of arrival.We all agreed not to have the breakfast even though they were included in the price.Luckilly we were out most of the time and only used the room to shower and sleep.There is only one positive thing to say about the hotel, it is close to the tube!!I would'nt recommend this hotel to anyone!!!	
Sep 26 2008 	Watch out for their cancellation policy	We never stayed in the &quot;hotel&quot; and reading the other reviews I am so happy we cancelled. But they have the most absurd cancellation terms I've ever come across. We booked on a Monday for the following Wednesday to Sunday. We called the next day to cancel and we were told that since we hadn't cancelled 21 days in advance(!!!!!!!) we will be charged one night's rate.So, my advice? Go to a Holiday Inn Express, there are plenty in London, and for about the same price you get a lovely, modern room and a normal 24 hour cancellation policy.	
Jun 25 2008 	living in the past.	Regarding the 4 star status this expired in 2003 We arrived after check in time (as per website)to be told website was wrong and the room would be ready in 20 minutes. Went out for lunch returned to be shown to our room. Room was just about large enough for 2 (not 3 as there was a 3rd bed in the room and we were then told it was a triple)floor appeared to have not been vacuumed,stool had brown mark on where someone had sat on it undressed,soap dish in shower had not been washed and had soap scum from previous occupant stuck to it,Then the worst breakfast experience I have ever encountered.The (cook) was also the waiter/receptionist.we were asked to share our table with total strangers.I did not order any cooked food as the (cook)was wearing no apron or other protective items. he did not attempt to wash his hands between handling raw food and other items.Teapot arrived with ONE teabag between FOUR people. When cereal was ordered it arrived with milk already in the bowl (not everybody likes a lot of milk).Do not use the mini-bar unless there is a price list. (there wasn't) Website stated that nearest tube station was Gloucester Rd.Not true, there are 3 nearer. (closest is West Kensington).	
May 25 2008 	Terrible and filthy	By the time we carried the luggage with significant difficulty up four flights of stairs, last of which was in the dark, to enter a poorly furnished, very musty-smelling room, we phoned another hotel, secured a room, and immediately left. There was hair in the bed and it appeared the sheets had not been changed. There was significant mildew in the bathroom, and noisy trains just outside the window. This is advertised as a four star hotel awarded by AA UK, but in fact it had some years earlier been awarded a four diamond rating, and the diamond ratings have not been in use for at least two years...meaning it has not received a new AA UK rating. Their cancellation policy is being contested with the credit card vendor for a refund of the because the accomodations were totally unacceptable, and the photos and advertising are incorrect and misleading at the least.	
Mar 19 2008 	Quirky little gem of a hotel	This place has its quirks - the rooms are VERY basic, the queen sized bed was actually two singles pushed together and was a bit lumpy, the staff is ragtag, and the bar is a story unto itself!We loved the location. It is situated on a quiet street in Kensington. If you are looking to actually relax after a day of touring around and/or a night of pub crawling, the Avonmore is perfect for you. Yes, the tube runs through the backyard, but the windows are double glazed and we never found it to be an issue; our sleep was never distrubed by the noise. There is a small selection of restaurants in the area - Persian, Chinese, greasy burger shop, &amp;c. There are a few cute pubs that also serve meals. The tube station is a quick walk from the hotel, making it easy to get to any attraction you may be interested in seeing. The staff is adorable. Someone should base a sitcom around this place! There is &quot;Helga&quot; (we nicknamed her that), the Amazon Angelica Huston lookalike who seems to be the maid and the cook (and a fine cook! we enjoyed breakfast each day!). She walks around barefoot quite a bit. Then there is the tiny Asian night bartender, who measures out shots in a bottle cap! The proprietress is very chatty and sweet. She also has an affection towards skintight jeans - meow!!Overall, a great experience. Loved the quiet location. The place could use a bit of TLC, but is kept clean. The rates are cheap as chips, so one cannot expect luxury. When looking to stay outside of the noise of touristy spots, yet have easy access to attractions/restaurants/nightlife, pick the Avonmore!	
Feb 4 2008	Cheap and not so cheerful	Price and location, especially for Olympia and Earls Court, are great, but the hotel is very tired. Everything is poorly maintained, carpets are warn, blankets on beds are old, building itself needs a lot of TLC and problems with water pressure in top rooms, i.e. no water coming out of shower.Staff are overall friendly and helpful, but there are just not enough of them. In the morning one girl does all the cooking and serving leading to rather Faulty Towers situations and delays - do NOT be in a hurry in the morning and do not expect to be served at the same time.Hotel is certainly not appropriate for anybody who is not fully mobile, as there are several stairs to get anywhere in the hotel.	
Nov 18 2007	Disappointed	We stayed at the Avonmore hotel in September. The website for the hotel is much nicer than it actually is. The room was a good size, but the property has not been maintained at all. The bathroom was tiny and if it had functioned properly, the size would have been okay. The shower door looked like a second hand one as it was much too large for the shower and so the door did not close all the way. The worst part was the toilet didn't flush most of the time.The closest tube station is West Kensington, about a 10 minute walk. The hotel is not really near any restaurants as it is in a mostly residential area. Although this was a clean hotel, there must be nicer ones out there for a price of 95 pounds per night.	
Nov 17 2007 	very pleasant experience	Room was small and basic. but sufficient for needs. Overall it was clean Staff more than made up for lack of luxury. They were extremely pleasant and courteous at all times. Good for anyone needing bed and breakfast in town.Breakfast menu could be expanded but I understand this is being addressed in the near future	
Oct 24 2007 	Be wary	We booked 3 rooms with this hotel. It was probably the poorest accommodation we have stayed in for the price paid.Good points:1. Staff friendly and helpful2. Beds comfortable 3. Well placed for access to buses and tubeBad points:1. On arrival, the main door was out of use due to a broken lock and was to remain so for our stay, so we had to access via the basement door!2. One room was on the first floor, with the two remaining on the 4th. The stairway was extremely narrow, with glass fire doors, one of which was consistently wedged open (this was done by the owner right in front of me), presenting an extreme fire hazard as there was no other way out other than to jump from the 4th floor!3. The rooms appeared clean on first sight, and indeed the sheets and pillow cases were, but the blankets and bedspreads were stained and appeared not to have been washed for some time.4. Some of our beds were made on the second day, but one was left unmade, only 2 milk capsules left on arrival for 3 people, but 9 on 2nd day! There was no hot water on the 2nd day but this was fixed quickly after speaking to the person on duty.5. The breakfast was disappointing. Cereal was either museli or cornflakes of which we ordered the latter - they were clearly cheap alternatives and tasted awful. We then had cooked breakfast which was actually quite tasty, but the sausages were poor quality and there were no tomatoes (as advertised), and no veggie option. The food is prepared and cooked to a small kitchen right next to the dining room, with the door wide open which is a little off putting.6. On checking out we were asked to pay by cash (something I notice other guests have been asked to do). We didn't have the £200 plus required in cash so the Visa was accepted in the end. Very odd....8. One of my party was in a 4th floor room and was kept awake for over 2 hours by the noise of a TV coming from a neighbouring house, in addition to the trains to the rear of the hotel and traffic noise to the front.7. Generally the decor was very dated and shabby, towels frayed and old, bathrooms contained mould and needed more attention paid to the cleaning of themOverall, I would say that the websited is quite misleading, and guests should be warned that the tube runs directly behind the hotel, and the road is fairly busy to the front. It should also be noted that there is no lift, and therefore is not suitable for elderly (or unfit/infirm) people. The staff, however were very polite, and did remedy any immediate problems we had. I do think the hotel would benefit from a visit from an hotel inspector very soon - I would not stay here again	
Sep 15 2007 	Cheap and cheerful	Location: Within walking distance of Kings Cross or Euston Squre tube as I required. Most of nearby buildings in Cartwright gardens are also hotels.Staff: Friendly and welcoming. Ownership has recently changed, according to the manager on duty.Room: Small but clean. There were some renovation works going on in other parts of the hotel.Security: Although I had no problems, I was concerned about leaving valuables in the room, I got a warning from the manager on duty not to allow strangers into the building.Value: Good, as expected for 45 GBP.	
Aug 29 2007 	Awful breakfast!	I feel a real need to comment on this bed and breakfast/. I will start with the positive. The room was clean and large. The location is close to west kensignton tube station.The negative- for £95 a night it was rather expensive and the breakfast wasn't worth it. Firstly we went down to breakfast in the morning and there wasn't a table avaliable. We had to wait as there were only 3 tables (and nine guest rooms!). We were told we would have to share a table. My mums coffee was like sludge- it was undrinkable and had grounded beans at the bottom. The breakfast took 35 minutes to appear. The musesli was way too sweet and the scrambled egg was rock hard (it had been left in the pan for ages). The girl informed my mum that they didn't do mushrooms! There was no vege option instead of sausage and bacon. There was one girl serving, cooking and keeping an eye on reception! They should definitely employ more staff. I have stayed in many b and b's and hotels on my travels around the world but none as bad as this.	
Aug 24 2007	The most filthy hotel I've stayed in	The carpets were dirty. The blankets were filthy. There was no top sheet; I had to call for one. There were no pads on the mattresses, only the bottom sheet. The TV did not work. The railroad was very loud outside the window, so the window could not be opened for air. The bacon at breakfast was rancid and smelled up the whole room. Need I go on?	
Jul 31 2007	disgusting	Date : 29.6.2007I have reserved and confirmed a triple bed room with en-suite. When I arrived, the room is fully occupied. We are then re-located to another room with train rail outside. Every few minutes, there should be a train going through - very noise and can't sleep.Since we arrive at night and are very tired, we entered the room and felt asleep. In the next morning, we find that the bed sheets are very dirty and the blanket, the cover are very dirty. They seem no be washed for years. I am very disappointed with this hotel and leave as quickly as I can.Stephen Tang	
Jul 15 2007 	Little gem of a hotel	I wanted a clean and well located B&amp;B with a private bath near a subway station. Avonmore was all of that and more, because the persons who staffed the front desk and the dining room were very personable and always helpful. The price of the room was very fair in the middle of the summer tourist season. I would stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Horrible hotel experience - Avonmore Hotel	We booked a reservation for the Avonmore hotel stay from viewing their personal website reservations@avonmore hotel.co.uk. for 5 nights from 7/7 to 7/11. The website was very attractive and we were looking forward to our stay based on this.We are looking for a hotel to stay in Kensington for a family of 4.The Avonmore was described on the website as a 4 diamond hotel, on a quite street in close to local sites and transportation. The description of the hotel mentioned privately owed, mentioned that it had won an award , great care and attention has been dedicated to the furnishings and accessories. One of the most pleasant affordable hotels in central London. We experienced the following issues at the hotel:1. Bed bug bites 2. Dirty blankets, bedspreads and overall bedding3. Pillows were well used, and uncomfortable beds4. Old rotting food in the mini bar from previous client5. Floor / sink area visible dirt6. Carpeting - evidence of dirt and objects from previous clients on the floor7. Noise level high from train tracks located right outside of our window.8. dead bugs in the walls9. dirty curtains and windows10. stained upholstered furnitureOverall, we found the housekeeping conditions of this hotel to be completely unsatisfactory and to be a health hazard.We could not sleep with the bedding and had to strip bedding off of the beds down to the top sheets. We still ended up with visible bed bugs bites all over our bodies.We met a hotel keeper who was basically in charge of the reception desk, the breakfast prep and running the hotel. She mentioned to me that Sunday was a long day for her...7 a.m to 12 midmight. We spend our first night in the hotel and the following morning, I worked to find another hotel and express my concerns to the hotel management.The hotel keeper on site was kind and understanding of my complaints about overall housekeeping nd offered to call the hotel owner who was not on duty on Sunday 7/8. She offered to talk to the maid ( who she said did not speak any English) and try to have her spend extra time in the rooms cleaning. I insisted on talking to the manager of the hotel. The hotel keeper told me that she did not like to be disturbed on a Sunday and that I could talk to her in person on Monday as she would be there serving the breakfast. I insisted that we needed other rooms or better accomodations immediately that we could not sleep another night in the hotel in this condition. She called the manager...and spoke with her to convey my frustrations about our accomodations...We did not mention bug bites to her. The manager refused to talk to me over the phone. She insisted on communicating through the hotel keeper. She offered to locate new blankets for the room and offered this up. She told the hotel keeper that if we left the hotel, she would charge us for all 5 nights unless she was able to rebook the rooms. I kept insisting to talk to her with no avail. After the phone call, the hotel keeper said that she was very sorry that we were not satisfied, she told me that she could do very little, only have the maid clean extra long in the rooms, that she understood my complaints, that the owner was Polish, that she was British and that she understood the standards we were expecting. My family and I checked out of the hotel...paid cash for the one night stay ( they had originally billed my Visa for this amount and refused to refund it once I paid the cash). We itched our way to our new hotel location. Upon checking in to my hotel, I found out that my Visa card had been billed for the entire 5 night stay.Please know that this hotel is unhealthy, untidy and unprofessional...overpriced and disgusting and should be inspected by the board of health. Execept for the receptionist, the experience was completely disappointing and the worst I have seen in all of my stays in Europe.	
Jun 26 2007	Cute and Cosy	We stayed here, after much trepidation, during the abnormal heat wave in early May. We were worried because of mixed reviews on this and other sites. But we had no cause for worry. The staff was extremely pleasant, the meals wonderful, and the facilities were large, clean and comfortable. We had the large bedroom in the front of the hotel, and if there were trains we never heard any. The only downside is the lack of elevators, so pack lightly if you have to go to the third floor!The location was brilliant - close to tube station and nearby main roads. Margaret was a warm and helpful hostess and we would certainly be willing to return there. Quiet and safe locale.	
May 7 2007 	Acceptable accomodations	If you prefer a quiet location (as long as you aren't in the back where the trains rattle past) off the beaten tourist track, then the Avonmore is acceptable and reasonably priced for London.The breakfast is good, rooms clean, service good.Make sure your room is on the 2nd floor in the front, or it will be quite a haul getting your luggage up the stairs.The only downside, really, is the area: West Ken is not an overly popular tube spot and the district line is not one of the more efficient of the tube lines, and in terms of eating, there is basically nothing in the area except the excellent Three Kings, which, being the only pub of note in the area, is always packed.However, these are only observations, not complaints. Overall, not a bad experience for the value.	
Jan 2 2007	Excellent Staff Enjoyed the stay	The staff and attention to detail are simply wonderful. This was my first visit to London and Margaret is an excellent source of information about the city and surrounding area especially transportation options including the underground or tube. She is an outstanding cook and breakfast is top-notch experience. This was a business trip and my meetings took place at the nearby Olympia Exhibition Centre. It was truly a delight to stay here and avoid the typical cookie cutter hotel chains. The hotel is very clean and I enjoyed the neighborhood atmosphere. The hotel does not have an elevator or lift so pack lightly. I would stay here again for business or vacation. Margaret and the staff make the difference and go the extra mile for customer service.R. Vargha, Durham, North Carolina, USA	
Dec 30 2006 	Reservation not honored	If you choose to book at Avonmore, be aware that a confirmed, deposit-paid reservation will not necessarily be honored.We had a twin room reserved for 5 nights, Dec. 1 - 6. When we arrived we were told that the room reserved for us had a plumbing problem that would require a week to repair so we were given another room that was available for only 3 of the 5 nights reserved. The room was well-equipped but had dirty seat covers and shabby, worn and faded drapes and bedspreads. One night we were without cold water (but had hot water that was too hot to bathe in and of course could not drink.) The owner does not live on the premises and her night and week-end help were inadequate. In addition, the neighborhood is borderline seedy. The owner booked us into another &quot;equivalent&quot; hotel for the last 2 nights. This hotel was not equivalent although it was more conveniently located. Although Avonmore's owner paid our cab fare, it did not make up for the lost time in re-packing and re-locating, resulting in our losing the better part of a day of our vacation. We have visited London at least a dozen times, staying in various small hotels and apartments. Our Avonmore experience was the worst we have encountered, and we certainly won't be staying there again.	
Dec 7 2006 	Excellent stay - near Olympia	I stayed here 3 nights. Warm welcome, excellent breakfast.All staff members did their best to help. Only one thing - the steps to the entrance. It was difficult with luggage. But I will come back	
Dec 5 2006 	Warm welcome but	Friendly staff, excellent breakfast, good location, room ok, but on 4th floor, no lift, very small staircases and just 1 way out.Never again.	
Nov 10 2006 	An Outstanding Value	The breakfast was outstanding, the rooms excellent, the location near the West Kensington Underground convenient (five minutes), and the personality and experience of the staff, especially owner Margaret McKenzie, near perfect. Our five night stay could not have been more pleasant. If you are looking for a negative, there is no lift and you might have to carry your bags up four flights; but, on the other staff, the staff will probably help you carry the bags. And when we were waiting for a taxi to Heathrow, Margaret went out of her way to provide us tea and a newspaper.	
Sep 3 2006 	Friendly Staff / Clean Economic London Lodging	We were greeted upon our arrival at the Avonmore hotel by Aggie a very helpful and friendly member of the hotel's staff. Aggie provided excellent service throughout our 4 day stay in August. Our room was located up many stairs but was a clean and reasonably sized room for Europe. The hotel is located direcly on a tube/train line so you will hear train activity into the night and starting early in the morning if you have a room in the back of the hotel. The noise was loud but could be adequately blocked with the windows closed. The hotel is located within an easy walk to the West Kensington tube station and/or the Olympic bus stop. My friend and I were able to walk all the way to Kensington Palace but it is a haul. The neighborhood appeared safe and we felt comfortable walking alone both day and night. The English breakfast was hearty and filling and a great way to start the day. Overall, I felt that the Avonmore hotel provided a reasonably priced room with easy access to London and a friendly, accommodating staff. I would stay at the Avonmore on a future trip to London.	
Jul 23 2006 	Adequate but not great place to stay in London	Much of our visit to Avonmore was fine. The staff was helpful - arranging for a cab, keeping our luggage and going to the extra steps to double check the status of our bill in terms of our correct balance. Location is off the beaten track - but we knew that and found the tube station a quick 5 minute walk and that you were just stops away from most of what you want to see. (West Kensington is on the District line). Neighborhood is not fancy - but we actually kind of liked that. Rooms were fine - but not as lovely as the photography on the website. So, it feels a bit dated - probably time for new fabrics, carpets and draperies. So, from that aspect, we were perhaps a little disappointed. But, for a reasonably priced place in London - we could recommend it. But, clearly a 3 star average place - not four star. Go in with your eyes open in terms of location etc.	
Jun 13 2006	Highly Recommend the Avonmore Hotel	We were six travelers. With a family of four, including two younger daughters, and two grandmothers, we had perfect accommodations: a three-room suite. That is, three separate rooms separated from the main hallway by a door. We could leave our doors opened and float freely from room to room without the fear of disturbing or being disturbed by neighbors. The room my husband and I were in had its own in-room bathroom, and the other bathroom was outside the suite but was only available to our party and to noone else. The rooms were only slightly smaller than what you'd find in the States but were by no means cramped. It did feel like we were in a Holiday Inn or Sheraton, just a bit smaller. It is not cheap, just as any decent accommodations in the UK are not cheap. With the exceptional warmth and considerate spirit of the employees, the great breakfasts, and the superb arrangement of our rooms, the price was worth it completely. This will be the first place we call if and when we return to London. We will be disappointed if they are full.	
Jun 2 2006	Charming Little Band B	My husband and I spent two weeks at the Avonmore Hotel in London. We were given a quiet and nicely decorated room (#2) on the first floor. The owner, Margaret, and her staff were very friendly and helpful. The full English breakfast was generous: eggs, Canadian bacon, sausage, cereal, toast, juice, coffee and tea. The only inconveniences were the stairs with no lift and the required &quot;cash only&quot; payment at the conclusion of our stay.May 18 - May 30, 2006	
May 16 2006	Friendly Staff at the Avonmore	My family of five stayed at the Avonmore for 10 nights. We very much enjoyed the hospitality we received - Margaret accomodated us with special breakfast items, helped us to hire a car, and assisted in finding a place to do our laundry. The value was great. We slept very well in the quiet neighborhood and really felt at home at the Avonmore!	
May 9 2006	Great for the Older Crowd!	We enjoyed our stay at the Avonmore. The staff was excellent and very accomodating to our needs. The breakfast was very good! We did find the accomodations a little older than we expected and further from the heart of things. It was located in a neighborhood with few restaurants or pubs close by. Probably a better location for the 'older crowd' and not those who stay out later into the evening.	
Nov 23 2005	A Big Fat Resounding No!	Arrived at the Avonmore to find that it was nothing like described on the Internet. Checked into room #2. Shower head was totally clogged with limescale and the hose was kinked so that hardly any water would come out (see photo), and the shower door wouldn't close. Tried to make tea - a black lump of something fell out of the kettle. Hair dryer didn't work. Worst of all, the bedspreads, decorative pillows and draperies were gray with dirt (see photo). Seat covers were stained (see photo). My girlfriend and I had made a reservation for 8 nights but I checked out the next morning, before my friend arrived, because I knew she would hate it. That's when it got really ugly. The young girl at the desk told me she would have to charge us for the full 8 nights or she would lose her job. She said there is a 21 day cancellation policy. This was news to me. This policy is NOT stated on the website, nor was it communicated to us when the reservation was made via e-mail. I politely told her to go ahead and charge it, but that I would pay for one night and contest the following 7 nights. She called the owner and handed the phone to me. The owner started yelling - very unprofessional. I left and checked into another hotel. When I returned to the U.S., our credit card company disputed the credit card charge. The hotel owner then produced an e-mail advising us of the cancellation policy. Here's the thing - that e-mail was never received. Not only that, it did not follow the 'thread' of the e-mail conversation, AND it was written in perfect English whereas the other e-mails were written in broken English. This e-mail was a fabrication. The hotel owner's bank, however, refused to bend because of the production of the said e-mail, and we were charged for the full 8 nights. It still makes me sick to my stomach. I lived in Britain for 30 years - I know what to expect from a London hotel. This is not it. Traveller beware!	
Jun 29 2005	Disappointed!	After a long trip from the states, we finally arrived at the Avonmore to be informed that shower in our room was broken and we would have to stay one night in a neighboring hotel. That hotel was run down and dirty. We finally checked into the Avonmore the next day. Our room was on the 4th floor and it was very warm! There was no air conditioning or elevators. They did manage to bring us a fan. The shower wasn't quite fixed, as you had to turn on the sink faucet to get the shower to work. (Weird!) The breakfast was good and made to order. Others commented about the neighborhood being &quot;seedy&quot;. We didn't think it was that bad and the location was very convenient. All in all, next time we would choose someplace else.	
Mar 14 2005	London planning for the Olympics?????	We were visiting family in the U.K. and planned to spend a few days ahead touring London with 2 of our sons, aged 21 and 22. Having experienced London and European hotels in the past, I was anxious to see travel reviews from consumers in addition to the often ridiculous and meaningless hotel descriptions given on Expedia, Orbits etc. We finally settled on the Avonmore Hotel near W. Kensington, London...an independant hotel that has won awards in the past for the best independant hotel in London. We spoke with the owner over the phone and she was very helpful.I have some thoughts about this hotel and as a long time traveler...want to share them with others...actually, if London is indeed hoping to win an Olympic Host spot...I hope the Avonmore will also take note.1. This hotel offers bed and breakfast...but beware as to the specific rooms you are booking. There is a huge difference in accomodations!2. While the price is good incomparison with high London prices...this hotel is located in a very risky neighborhood. There is a 5 minute walk to the nearest subway station. While it is a &quot;quiet residential&quot; neighborhood, one of our sons was stopped 2 blocks from the hotel and held up at knifepoint, en route to the hotel, at 9:45pm. The walk from the tube station to the hotel crosses a threatening couple of blocks...would not recommend it to anyone traveling alone. 3. What is not said in the hotel description is that this hotel backs on the subway line and the noise is considerable. Several of us experienced noise in front rooms and there was constant street traffic and brawls on 2 nights. 4. On our first night, we stayed on the second level...and used a shared bath. There was not only no hot water, but no water pressure whatsoever...there was also very little heat in the bathroom. 5. The bedspreads, carpets and pillows on the second level, were extremely filthy. While we've come to expect this in London and small hotels in Europe...we just frankly don't understand it! We heard the washing machines going full tilt and saw the housekeeping staff working very hard...why not wash the bedspreads??? If you're going to have throw pillows, could you please wash them from time to time?6. We arrived in London early and the hotel welcomed us...going to the extent of keeping our luggage and getting our room ready quite early with no additional charge. 7. The breakfast offered is home cooked, full English and wonderfully served...home style. Remember, this is a small independant B and B...the very same person that puts your bread in the toaster, handles the money and answers the phone. Get my drift? 8. Each room has a mini bar that is well stocked...no diet drinks though...9. Each room has coffee/tea service...very nice10. Every staff member we encountered was very friendly and very helpful...we had the sense we were visiting in a very kind family member's home...11. Sadly for Americans and typical of the British...it was advertised that they accepted American Express...however, when it came time to pay the bill....they were not willing to accept it, siting the 6.5 service charge they would need to pay. As an American, I was tempted to site the 17.5 VAT charge I pay for everything...willingly or not...but I didn't. 12. All in all? If London is truly making a bid for the Olympics...they will need to get a grip with regard to hotel accomodation.	
Jan 10 2005	Love the Avonmore!	We stayed at the Avonmore four different times in the past few years and found it to be wonderful each time. Margaret is a most gracious hostess, and the hotel staff people are very helpful and friendly. The rooms are clean, well appointed, the breakfasts absolutely marvelous! Our first three trips were with our children and the last one was just two of us. The Avonmore is in a very convenient location a couple blocks from West Kensington tube station, which is an easy tube ride from Heathrow. We plan to stay there again this year, and will stay at the Avonmore every time we visit London. We felt very much at home at the Avonmore, and highly recommend it.	
Nov 29 2004	Thumbs Up	The hotel room and bathroom were more spacious than I had expected and the staff was very friendly. Upon our arrival we were given a detailed map of what was close by and how to get there. There were no ironing facilities but staff offered to iron for us; that was a nice touch. We were assured by a couple of people that this is in a nice neighborhood, but I'm still not sure if it is or isn't...it was different to be sure (very busy and diverse). Our room was very clean and there was an awesome sports pub right down the road. Of the several hotels we frequented in London, this was my favorite for the room itself, but not for the location.	
Oct 14 2004	Buyer Beware!	Having seen this private hotel on the web it looked very impressive. However, that's the only time it looks impressive.It is located in a pretty run down part of London. Close to the underground so you don't have far to walk in the area. Even so we did not want to be out after dark.They have no elevator and a lot of stairs so don't plan on taking any heavy cases!The rooms are pretty run down with old everything. However, they did have all you need in them (after you have recovered from moving the cases!).However, the constant TV and reggae music noise from the houses next door does not allow for a &quot;quiet night's sleep&quot;. Earplugs definately recommended.Breakfast is traditional English (same every day)and plentiful and the hostess is very polite and helpful.Also, don't forget cash. It appears they like cash instead of credit cards (which will cost you more money to use).Wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 25 2004	Great Location	Very lovely B&amp;B. Close to bus stops and tube stations. Within walking distance to many sites. Staff very helpful and knowledgeable.	
Jul 21 2004	Nice people OK hotel	The hotel is in a generally quiet neighborhood about three blocks from the West Kensington tube stop. Time to Picadilly is about 15-20 minutes--seems longer after a day of site-seeing. There are a number of shops along the street near the tube, a mix of fast food restaurants, small markets, banks, a bar or two. The hotel room was a decent size and clean. We stayed in one of the rooms at the back of the hotel which faces the railroad tracks. This would have been fine except there was a heatwave and the rooms did not have air-conditioning. We had to keep the window open which let in the noise of the trains--quite loud. The rooms at the front of the hotel were better in this respect, but from all the open doors, it must have been very hot. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The included breakfast was served in a small room on the first level, and you can choose eggs, sausage, cereal, beans, etc.	
Jun 6 2004	Pleasant Quiet place to stay	We recently stayed at the Avonmore for 9 days and found it to be clean, comfortable and quiet. Although the accomodations were cramped by North American standards, they were typical for Britain/Europe. The location is very convenient to the tube station of West Kensington and the area was safe to walk in at night. The staff were helpful and friendly.	
Mar 11 2004	Nice People	First time to London. We stayed in 3 Hotels, as we blanketed a trip to Scotland in the middle of our vacation and couldn't secure a room at the Avonmore when we got back.But of the 3, the Avonmore was by far the most pleasant. The only one of the 3 that had any room to move.While I thought the neighborhood was kind of shady, everybody seemed to deny it. There was grafitti all over, and a lot of younger kids hanging around, but nobody really paid us much attention.The tub is within easy walking distance if you don't like the neighborhood. I liked it, as they had plenty of pubs in the vicinity.The staff couldn't have been much nicer. Very personable and helpful. Granted, you have to carry your bags to your room as there are no lifts, but I expected it to be small and kind of Londony. I found it to be part of the charm of the place.The room was quite, nice, with a large bathroom. I thought it was a perfect kind of place to spend my first trip to London. Of the three places we booked over the internet, it was the closest one to being &quot;as advertised.&quot; We wanted a quite little place with a touch of London hospitality within easy access of everything. It was that.	
Dec 3 2003	A total rip off	The hotel belongs to very shrewd business people!I booked for two nights and had to cancel due to a death in the family. I agreed to the standard policy that they had the right to charge me for 1 night for &quot;no show&quot; or &quot;late cancellation&quot;.They charged my credit card for two nights and did not even send me a receipt. A total rip off!	
Oct 27 2003	lovely owner average accomodation	The place did not look nearly as charming, or as spacious as it did on the internet. The entryway is cramped, and there is no lobby. The breakfast room/bar/office is OK, but not a great place to relax. Our room was small, and nothing special. From the size and quality of the bedroom, I was surprised to find the bathroom more than adequate, with a full size bath/shower, and enough room to put our things.The propietor is extremely nice and friendly, which we really appreciated, but we would probably look for something a bit more physically pleasant next time.	
Oct 20 2003	A jewel in West Kensington!		
Oct 9 2003	Hidden Treasure		
Sep 17 2003	We had a wonderful experience at the Avonmore		
Jul 20 2003	A very pleasant stay		
Jul 20 2003	Good Value for the Money		
Jul 9 2003	Nice clean friendly Hotel		
Apr 24 2003	A nice place to stay		
Dec 14 2002	Really good hotel		
Aug 8 2002	Stay away from the Avonmore!		
Jul 14 2002	Stay away from the Avonmore		
Apr 12 2009 	Horrible		
Jul 8 2008 	avonmore hotel una delusione		
