Nov 4 2009 	Bed Bugs!	If you like sharing your bed with some hard shelled little mites, then this is the hotel for you!! It was honestly a disgrace. Luckily, I noticed the creatures before actually getting into bed, so we went to reception, with some of the dead animals and the man at the desk shrugged and said he didn't know what they were and there was nothing he could do about it. We went back to the room with some clean linens to try again.. and found more on the beds. So of course, we couldn't stay there. I went back down to reception with my pillow which had a bug crawling on it and again... he was disgusted but said there was nothing he could do. I asked for a refund as I wanted to look for another hotel but he said he couldn't authorise it. He had to speak to the manager. So I had to pay out more money for another hotel with no guarantee that I would have my money back. I returned to the hotel the following day to be told the manager had ok'd my refund but it had to go back on my card. I had no money in my account to pay for the new hotel and was refused cash. (I think legally, I should've been granted a cash refund) They really didn't care and the manager refused to speak to me personally to take my complaint. I was also told that as soon as the manager arrived at the hotel (he had to be there in person to authorise the refund) that he would phone me to let me know. I had no phone call and no apology. The woman at the reception desk that day had tried to tell me that I was the only person to make this complaint. We then informed her of ther numerous people we'd spoken to in the area who said their hotel was well known for being dirty. She then back tracked and said.. &quot;I mean, you're the first complaint from that room..&quot;.. as if that makes it any better! I understand that she was the middle man and hygiene standards in the hotel are not her fault but there was no need to try and cover up the mess with a lie. So if you want to avoid walking the streets of London at 1 in the morning with all your luggage in tow, just to find somewhere to stay...then I would recommend booking a different hotel. If Environmental Health actually inspected this place, I'm certain they'd fall short of standards.	
Nov 2 2009 	Please dont stay here it should be condemmed.	Firstly this is my first review ever, so it must of been very bad!!. We stayed in room 109, felt like room 101. It was tiny you could only walk around the bed on one side, only one light worked and the decor was appaling. The bathroom was the size of a train toilet, the shower had mould everwhere and was a dodgy yellow colour and had a built in foot spa as the drain was knacked. the worst experience was the calamity that was breakfast, either continental buffet which consisted of tepid carton orange juice, a vat of tinned fruit, basket of pepper, basket of salt, basket of tea and a basket of wheatabix, yummy! Or if ya wanted to be really adventureous a full english aka full eastern european, if you manage to place your order as they dont speak english in england anymore you are in for a feast of 1 tasteless sausage, 1 piece of bacon, 1 rubber brown egg, half a tinned tomato and 21 beans, yummy!! Next time you have beans count 21 to see how small a portion it is. If that doesnt fill you up you can buy any item for £1 so i could of got my other half of tomato for 50p but i decided against it. So to sum up please please please please never stay here its revolting, it should be condemed.	
Oct 5 2009 	Never again!	The room was small and in need of some TLC. The showerhead was full of limescale and the shower tray was too grubby to even contemplate taking a shower! The TV was positioned on the wall so that you either had to sit on a rather uncomfortable chair about 10ft away, or watch it side-on from the bed.... either way was uncomfortable!Breakfast was poor, with child-sized portions . Customer service was also poor when it came to food service. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and cannot believe I stuck it out for my week-long stay.	
Oct 5 2009 	I still feel sick!	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and have to say was disgusted that they could take my Companies or any other guests money and would advice Environmental Health to take a visit and condemn it!After a long journey to London we arrived late to find a twin room with the beds pushed together- when we tried to move the beds apart the leg fell off one so we needed to do a repair job to fix it.We made a cup of tea to get over the thought that we were going to have to stay in this place, but even found that the Long Life Milk curdled in the cups!The room was unclean with discarded bottles from other visitors still in the room and a very dirty bathroom which was thick with dust and had a yellow stained shower tray!After a very noisy night through vibrating pipes and the sound of someone wretching!! we went for breakfast- with no staff who spoke English it was difficult to even get a bowl for cereals and most of the cutlery and crockery was bent, chipped or unclean.The table was cleaned in front of us with a dirty dishcloth that lef t what can only be described a 'cack' all over the table! This was then cleaned away using a bath towel!At which point I was nearly sick!Looking at the reviews both good and bad here- I feel my skin crawling! We could have picked up anything from there- just one thought to end on!- in the morning who's were those contact lenses discarded above the bed- they hadn't been there the morning before and neither myself or my friend wear them!Lovely- that's right at some point during the day my bed was slept in! AAAHHH!! For you own saftey stay away- there must be a better alternative that doesn't risk your health.	
Oct 5 2009 	Despair on arrival....	This hotel looks good from the outside... it even has flags flying proudly, giving it that cosmopolitan feel! Once over the threshold, however, it is a different story. I am writing this review as a warning to other unsuspecting would-be guests.... I don't normally do this review kind of thing!The twin room we had was tiny. The beds were so awful you could play tunes lying on your back by using the protruding springs on the mattresses. There wasn't room to swing a cat! The bathroom basin was touching your nose as you sat on the toilet, the shower tray was yellow and didn't drain away the water (which incidentally was cold!!).Standards of hygiene at breakfast would challenge even the strongest of stomachs and be warned.... scrambled egg is indeed just fried egg chopped up!! Certainly no sign of any Michelin stars for food here!I could go into more detail but the flashbacks are too upsetting.Don't stay here unless you really have to - it's grim!	
Sep 8 2009 	Best hotel at this price	I was in town for business and stayed at the Royal Hotel in Luton for most of my trip. When I wanted to stay closer to London for part of my trip, the hotel staff recommended this place (same owner). Given how well I was treated there, I quickly jumped at the opportunity to stay at this place. Really nice. Great restaurant. Nice breakfast. And unbelievable price. Compared to what else was out there, this was the best value for my dollar. Recommend to anybody who wants a nice hotel but doesn't want to shell out a ton of money.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel great price can't go wrong	Was in London for about 5 days. Wanted a cheap hotel but something that was still nice and cozy. Holland Court hotel is just that. Clean rooms, mini bar, wi-fi internet access, restaurant downstairs and great service. Real close to the tube, easy to get to from Heathrow... really can't go wrong with this place. And the price for this value is as good if not better than any place we've stayed at. Definetly recommended!	
Sep 6 2009 	3-star hotel 4-star quality 2-star pricing.	This place is a hidden gem. Only 38mins from Heathrow (straight on the picadily line), nice bar/restuarant downstairs (open 24/7!!), good sized room, and really classy feel. Me and my friends were on a tight budget and after staying at another hotel earlier in our trip, we checked out this place after hearing great things from some family who had stayed here. At this price with this quality, would definitely come back with my family.	
Aug 30 2009	Good value for money but not impressed by the staff!	My sister and I stayed for 2 nights at Holland Court and we got a good deal, with English breakfast included each morning of our stay. The rooms were nice, bathroom was a little small but was okay for a couple of days. It was a good location too, with the nearest tube station a 2-minute walk away and bus stops around 30 seconds up the road. The only thing that didn't impress us was the staff - upon arrival we were told our room number and nothing else! Had to ask about breakfast arrangements, check-out times, etc etc, all things that you would usually be told upon arrival. The breakfast staff were friendly but spoke poor english so it was difficult for us to order what we wanted. When checking out we also asked about the supposed 'luggage room' as we were heading out for the day and needed to leave our luggage in a safe place. We were told to 'just leave it in the corner of reception' - our luggage was not labelled or identity secured in any way, and upon coming back to retrieve it we found that it was exactly where we left it, it had not been secured in the luggage room. Also when we collected it we were not asked for any ID or to sign anything, we just turned up and got it, so anybody could have gotten away with our luggage! Overall, a good value stay but don't expect much from the staff, and avoid leaving your luggage there once you check out!	
Aug 17 2009 	do not stay at this awful hotel!	my partner and i are both students and so wanted a cheap place to stay on our visit to London. We weren't fussed about a grand hotel, just somewhere clean to rest our heads. The hotel's location is alright, it's very near the tube- this is perhaps its only redeeming feature. Firstly we arrived at the hotel to be grunted at by the receptionist. Our room was o.k (at first). the bathroom was ok, mould everywhere. but the beds were clean. we tried to turn the tv on- it didnt work. it was hot so we turned the air con on when mouldy water began dripping down the walls into the tv and the hair dryer below. We ran to the reception as were we worried about the possible hazzards with electricity. The receptionist didn't care what so ever. when asked to speak to a manager she said no. when i asked for his name she shrugged. when i asked how i would dry my hair or plug in my other appliances she shrugged and finally said we could check out if we didn't like it. This was said in a threatening manner and being visitors we knew we would have to stick in this grotty hotel as we didn't know what else to do. She promised a maintainence man would sort it out, when we returned that night the new guy on reception said she had not even filed a complaint and knew nothing about the water pouring down the wall. he promised we would get another room the next day. the same horrid lady rang the next day to say we had another room, we re-packed and came into reception to be told we had to wait two hours for our room. this person was clearly taking the mick, and she was enjoying it! we left our cases and had a fun day in london and returned to a new room which was two singles instead of a double, the view from the window was what looked like a piece of opaque plastic! the air con in the room dripped not inside our room but on the outside instead! There was towels on the floor outside from all the water, which is very dangerous and worried us quite abit. we could not wait to leave. Our stay wouldn't have been so bloody awful had the receptionist said sorry, shown some sign of compassion or empathy for her fellow man! If someone inspected this hotel i have no doubt that it would get shut down. not safe at all. as we left we saw some other people complaining in the reception. they probably were put in our old room. no, actually i think all the rooms were no doubt just as hideous as ours. what a romance killer! never again.	
Aug 5 2009 	not expensive but nice..	You pay for what you get...this little hotel is not expensive: the single room I had was fully equipped, very tiny and the bathroom not very clean...my room had undergone a leak, so electricty was a bit dodgy but for nealy a hostel price when you take a triple-en suite..You have breakfast in a nice room with view on a garden, in your room you have a kettle, coffee and tea, an iron and an iron board, a sattelite tv...You're not far from holland park, my favourite park in london..The staff is very helpfull also...and the room though tiny was nicely decorated...you can also ask to have a room to the garden	
Jul 14 2009 	Cheap but not cheerful	We stayed at the hotel because it is near Hammersmith Apollo. The hotel was ideal for us because we just needed a place to put our heads down, and it was a very reasonable price. On arrival we were greeted with a grunt and a tut from the receptionist. Our room was basic to say the least, and very small. The condition of the room wasn't brilliant, mould in the shower, only one light working, cracks in the walls.The bedding and the room was clean. Breakfast was nice but small and served on cold plates.It's the sort of place where you would stay just to put your head down for one night only.	
Jul 7 2009 	comfortable for business purpose!	I had a meeting at Earl's Court Exhibition for the show Civil Service Live, and the nearest Hotel was Holland Court Hotel or Hilton Hotel. Just compare the prices between this 2 hotels and I just went for the cheapest as my budget was low.This hotel has everything what I need: Wireless and a small dining room where my colleague and I stayed to have a small meeting before the show. Room was fine, not very big but big enough for myself. The next morning, i went to go early to catch my taxi around 6.30am and I have requested the night before to have a small breakfast if possible before i leave and I did get it. Friendly staff and comfortable, this is all I want to have for my trip in London for the show. Will certainly recommand.	
Jun 26 2009 	Disappointing stay	On arrival we were given room 215 which was extremely small. When we asked for a bigger room, the only one available was a &quot;suite&quot; which was a similar size to a double room in any other hotel, and we were charged extra per night. We reluctantly took it and shortly after, we discovered that the TV had no remote control although reception insisted that there should be as he checked the room himself, and try as we may, we could not operate it with out one. On reporting it to reception, I was told that it would be replaced the following morning. We didn't hear any more about it! The decor in the bathroom was very shabby, the paint was peeling off the ceiling and the standard of tiling etc. was very poor to say the least. The information booklet in the room said the hotel had a bar open 24 hours a day and on returning to the hotel, tired and exhausted after visting Wimbledon at around 10.30pm, we were told by a very unfriendly member of staff that the bar was closed. The only good thing about this hotel was the breakfast, although if you required anything extra ie. more toast etc. there was a charge of £1 per item. All in all, an awful hotel with very unfriendly reception staff, and would love to know how this possibly could have obtained a 3 star rating.	
Apr 7 2009 	Good position and good service!	My family and I stayed in this hotel in December 2006. The location is good, the staff friendly and they served English breakfast. Next time I 'll go back to london , I'll probably stay there again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Breakfast	Stayed at hotel for 5 nights. There were 4 of us so we had 2 rooms. First day had slight problem with our room but they moved us to better room the next day. Very friendly and helpful. Full English breakfast was very good. We looked forward to that. One of our rooms had a nice flat screen t.v. That is room 105. Try to get one. It also has a tub and shower. My room had shower only. Nice bar across the street. Crown and Septre. Ate there most nights. They were very friendly too. Hotel sits out a little from central London, but not far from Kensington Palace. About 3 blocks to the tube. Over all - we enjoyed it.	
Mar 17 2009 	What a khazi	This place is a dump. Moronic staff, roaches in the bathroom, shower disfunctional, non-english speaking waitress, dirty bedclothes, telly didn't work and only slightly cheaper than the K west up the road or the Hilton 100m away (on company rates). I sometimes have to stay there but each time I dread the experience.	
Mar 16 2009	Comparing price and quality it is good value	Location is good, a stone throw away from High street Kensington and from Olympia station which takes you to Earls court from where you have to change train to reach other destinations. If you're going by tube, don't stop at Earls court station since with baggage, it's a long way, but stop at Olympia which is only 5 minutes walk away.Arriving at the hotel, the staff is nice and helpfull. However if you're looking for a spacious room this is not the place to go since rooms are very small and with the baggage in a twin room, we could hardly walk. Rooms were clean and tidy and everything was explained. The bathroom is small too and need some refurbishment but everything works well. One thing that bothered me was that the light couldnt be switched from the bed since the switch didn't worked in both rooms, since I had booked two rooms since there wasn't full availibility in the same room for my whole stay.Breakfast was good and staff is very nice, always ready to help you. Even tough the english breakfast is plated and not a buffet, the portion is reasonable.Wi-fi is also available.For what I've paid, I think that its good value for money, clean and well located with a helpfull staff and near to a prominent road where you can cater for all your needs.	
Mar 1 2009	loved every minute of it excellent value for money	I was a bit concerned before I went to this hotel as most of the reviews were not that good. However my opinion changed. The staff are very welcome and friendly. Breakfast was included in the very low price we paid. I can say that it was what we expected and will surely go there again.	
Feb 9 2009 	OK budget alternative	After reading the negative reviews, I was a bit worried before my three nights stay at the hotel. Anyway, my room (2nd floor facing the street) was clean and seemed well kept. The bathroom and shower worked well too, and although a bit tiny the room itself would be OK for two persons. The small TV was crappy, but as the hotel has free Wi-Fi I didn't mind. In my room it wasn't possible to switch the light off when in bed, which was a bit annoying. The room's water boiler looked somewhat unsafe, but worked without starting any fires... The rate also included a simple English breakfast. Considering the price for the room, I think Holland Court Hotel is an OK budget alternative for those of you not planning to spend time in the room.	
Nov 19 2008 	First and the Last Visit	Being new to my job role, I had to book my M.D a room near Olympia, after seeing the website for this hotel I thought wow, what a bargain. However I did ask for a largish room as my M.D does not like to cramped conditions. The room was very tiny and when he rolled the bed clothes back in the evening he found bugs in the bed.The following morning he even skipped breakfast to make a hasty getaway. He did however complain to them (not sure of the outcome).	
Oct 13 2008 	The Worst	We pre-booked two double rooms in this hotel to attend my sons wedding. When we arrived the rooms were so disgusting my daughter and her husband refused to stay and checked out. The receptionist appeared to accept their complaints that the room was dirty and the bathrooms were virtually unuseable and covered in mould. The mattresses were dirty and stained. When we checked out they charged us on our credit card for both rooms for two nights and refused to discuss the matter - the manager was &quot;unavailable&quot;. We wrote to complain but did not even receive the courtesy of a reply. Avoid this hotel it is revolting you would be better off in a youth hostel. The place makes your skin creep.	
Sep 23 2008 	good location	After booking this hotel and reading reviews I was very concerned .The room was clean and big enough only thing I would say is the bathroom needs tiles on walls and floor replacing.It was in quiet area and close to tube station.	
Aug 29 2008	GIVE THIS HOTEL A MISS !	Stayed for two nights in June. Booked 2 double rooms and both were tiny and not very clean. Not even enough room to walk round the bed.Staff spoke little English- so no joy on reception!The 24hr bar was closed on Saturday at 11pm- told to use the mini-bar.The breakfast which was supposed to be included had a supplement of £5 for a tiny cooked breakfast.Would not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 12 2008 	Be wary of booking here	We have booked here twice. The first occasion (April, '08) was satisfactory, average in all categories, for the price. The second was for our son's wedding nearby, in which we had a key organisational role. The booking for 3 nights (early July '08) was made 2 months in advance, and PREPAID. With 2 weeks to go an e-mail was received cancelling the booking, and returning payment on credit card. Likewise a booking for family friends made at same time as ours. Reason? -- urgent refurbishment. Phoned hotel, but couldn't get past reception, who were unhelpful, and their explanation unconvincing. Spent worrying few days trying to arrange alternative at short notice (LateRooms very helpful here). Have never encountered such disgraceful behaviour from a British hotel before, and advise anyone thinking of booking here to consider carefully. Is this operation basically unreliable?	
Jun 25 2008 	Nice Clean Hotel	Just enjoyed a few days at the Holland Court Hotel, and although small the rooms were clean and fresh. The breakfast was great and the hotel staff were friendly and ENGLISH.After reading the negative reviews for this hotel I'm confused as to if they were written about the same place. The room we had was small, but the shower marvelous and high powered. We had clean sheets and towels and I couldn't fault the staff. Breakfast was included in our £70 a night price and it was plentiful with a good choice. Location. Location. Location. We couldn;t fault it. Nice area, Nice Hotel and BRILLIANT weekend.We will be back.	
Apr 4 2008 	Good for the price	I was very concerned about staying in this hotel after booking it and reading the reviews. But, the price was good, and the area was in a good neighborhood. Yes, the rooms are small, but we were going to London to see the sights, not a hotel room. The beds were a bit old, but servicable. There was a private bathroom in the room (no walking down a hall or anything), and there were always clean towels and sheets waiting for us at the end of the day. The staff left a bit to be desired, but you cannot beat the location or the price. Olympia Underground is a short 4 minute walk, High Street Kensington is about a 10 minute pleasant walk.  The Crown and Sceptre across the street was the best. Every night after our wandering, we would go there for a pint and to review our day. Great food, warm atmosphere and the barkeeps ended up knowing us by the time we left. All in all, it is NOT the Hilton in Miami Beach, but it was quant, clean and most of all convenient.	
Mar 25 2008	Death Trap	This is my first review I have ever felt the need to write. Three welsh ladies visiting king tuts exhibit, and show. We booked the triple room for two nights, our first impression was good. Except the young lady demanded to see the my card, plus my passport. I actually felt like a foreigner in my own country. We were directed to the small lift, our room was in the basement of the building. I actually needed a stiff drink to sleep in this room. I felt like if a fire happened there was no way out!!! I personally dreaded going back to hotel, ruined our stay. We expressed our concerns to the lady on the reception who explained there was no other rooms available at that price. The room was large with two double beds and one put me up. Although the sheets were clean, the bedhead and covers grubby, net curtains black covering the bars on the windows. Bathroom clean. The whole room was in need of updating, everything looked tired, scruffy. I am unable to recommend the use of this hotel for one night even. Full English Breakfast was £5 extra Oh, and by the way they need to use proper tea. More like dishwater. On departure we advised the young lady at the desk of our dissatisfaction. Our weekend however in London was splendid. The Tower of London, plus the Portabella Market well worth a visit too.	
Jan 14 2008 	Stay far away	I booked two rooms in this 'hotel' for four people. Luckily only 3 came. 1st impressions - the reception area was nice. My sister's room was a single room semi- converted to pretending to be a double. There was no room to swing a mouse let alone a cat. the room was old and the bedding obviously very old and the rubber mattress - I'll say no more. When we originally booked in at reception she was told that she would be moved after 2 nights to a much larger family room, she decided to 'put up' with it till then. We were staying for 5 nights. My room consisted of twin beds, in the basement which was quite. Unfortunately the window was Jared open. When I spoke with reception the next day, the gentleman was amazing at my problem - as they had only got new windows in within the last 6 months- when I spoke with the girl at reception for the 2/3 time (who really should be working at back of house - no people skills), after been assured that the 'handyman' would be back sometime! Eventually I was told that it was an ongoing problem and couldnt be fixed, I pointed out that it was October and cold and there was a child in the room. I was told the hotel was full and there wasnt anything she could/would do. The second room my sister got was bigger but the spring on the thin mattress kept sticking up. Obviously would not recommend this hotel under any circumstances as a regular visitor to London I understand that the standard is not very high but this place is a new very low	
Dec 14 2007 	The worst ever	STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.Dear Readers,I have been recently there after having booked for three nights. At the check-in, without notice they charged my credit cards in full for three nights. I did not even signed the card receipt ( the bill says : customer not present!) Their policy says that the room is £ 95.00 tax included. Lies, the tax is excluded and charged to my credit card. When we finally enter the room, badly smelling of humidity, we found the sheets dirty and sigarettes hole on the covers. All upsholsery dirty by spots, a real not even one star hotel! We have been forced to move somewhere else. I asked a refund of at least the other two nights. They denied. Their policy says : Reservations made within 48 hours of the day of your arrival may not be modified or cancelled or the first night's accommodation will become payable and will be charged to your debit or credit card used to guarantee your reservation.In spite of their cancellation policy THEY DID NOT REFUND TWO NIGHTS! VERY UNRELIABLE PEOPLEBE AWARE! BE AWARE! BE AWARE!	
Aug 13 2007 	Absolute Hell	This has to be the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff were unfriendly, the owner a mean nasty piece of work and the rooms were a health hazard. Whatever you do, avoid this place	
Aug 5 2007 	Stay AWAY!!!!	This was the worst hotel I ever stayed in! I don't know why it has a 3 star rating but it's much closer to 0 or .5 stars. As you walk in there is a horrible smell that's a mixture between garbage, mildew or sewer which lingered for the entire 3 nights we stayed there. When we got to our rooms, the beds weren't even made from the previous guests which was a horrible first impression and entirely unexceptable. By the time they prepared the room, my pillow had gross stains on it and the blanket had cigarette burns and tears in it. The blanket was so old and dingy that I didn't even want it to touch me. This hotel is not worth it!	
Apr 6 2007 	Charming Clean Comfortable and Convenient -	I stayed here on business while attending an exhibition at Olympia which is literally a five minute walk from the hotel. I booked directly with the hotel and got a double room for £70 per night including cooked breakfast. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. I cannot believe the review posted in December that the staff did not speak english - their english is perfect and most of them have been working at the hotel for several years. Many of the other guests were repeat visitors. The rooms are very well equipped and comfortable. Mini bar/fridge, tea and coffee making facilities, free WIFI access, an electric fan, toiletries and ample towels, Iron and ironing board, trouser press and everything you would expect in a top london hotel. The only negative thing I would say about the hotel is the size of the bedrooms, which is why I have not given this hotel an excellent rating.I asked for a room over looking the garden and was given one. However it was very small for a double room for two people and as there were two of us I asked if we could have a larger room. We were given one on the front of the hotel, (it really wasn't that noisy as we only slept there) The room was bigger than the garden room but the rooms at this hotel are small with one side of the bed up against the wall. However as before it was very clean and comfortable and the free WIFI and facilities in the room were excellent. The showers in both the rooms we stayed in were really powerful Grohe showers which was great. While checking out I did notice they have a suite for £125 per night which the lovely girl on reception said was much bigger than the bedrooms.Breakfast was cooked to order and there was a selection of cereals, fruit juice and fruit salad.The location is superb, just round the corner from Olympia and walking distance to Kensington High Street which has some good restaurants.I would recomment this hotel for value for money and location. It is charming and cosy and very clean. Last year I stayed at the Kensington Hilton, which is just up the road and had the most dreadful room with furniture falling apart and a leaking ceiling. It cost over double what I paid at Holland Court.I think you would be hard pushed to find a hotel in central london that offers all the facilities and service this hotel does for £70 per room per night bed and breakfast. There are also family rooms available and I would stay here with my kids if we came to London in the Summer holidays.Well done to all the staff at this hotel and thank you for an enjoyable stay.	
Dec 7 2006 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed at!!!!!	I don't normally take the time to write reviews and when I do they're normally positive...but I felt compelled to warn people about how goddamn awful this place is. Where do I start...My wife and I booked via Expedia and thought for the price this place was a steal....boy were we wrong...there were mice in the dining room...the toilet was covered in urine stains from the previous guest(s) and stains on the bed sheets!!!When we tried to complain the manager...a guy who barely spoke English ignored our claims and had the cheek to say we'd made the mess.do yourselves a favour and avoid this place	
Sep 27 2006 	Lovely little hotel	The hotel is just a 15 minute walk from Kensington High Street tube station which is reachable via the Circle and District line.The staff were very friendly and the hotel was very clean.Our room was a bit smaller than what we're used to, but still enough space to move around. In summer it gets quite hot in the hotel, so we kept the ceiling fan on all day/night. The full English breakfast was delicious and kept you going for the whole day. We only got hungry again in the early evening (so u save money haha).	
Sep 18 2006 	big toilet	the room was a 5 square feet urine infested chamber in the basementvery unfriendly staff	
Aug 1 2006	Give it a miss in the Summer	OK so the weather was exceptionally hot , but we spent a sleepless night here. The rooms are tiny and very very hot so we had to have the windows open. Problem is the road is very noisy and even with ear plugs we got very little sleep. The bed was rather lumpy too. However it was clean and very cheap so would probably be reasonably OK in the winter with the windows closed.	
Dec 17 2005	Little gem in London	I went to London to spend few days with my boyfriend. We were pleasantly surprised to find this small hotel in the beautiful Kensington area. We don't like the cold atmosphere of big hotels where nobody seems to care about the guests.We requested a room on the garden side, and we had this lovely and quiet room, very clean, which was very important for us.The staff are friendly and helpful, they offered us tube maps and London maps which were really useful and all the information and direction we needed.We also had a lovely breakfast,i would recommend this hotel to anyone and go there again when i visit London.	
Dec 14 2005	Nice Clean Hotel	I booked a twin room for me and my sister at the Holland court hotel for 7 nights check in process was excellent, we arrived early and the staff went out of their way to get us checked in quickly even though at hotel was full . The room was of good quality for the price. The location of the hotel is also excellent as it is near to Kensington High Street Tube Station which is about 15 minutes walk . I felt very safe and comfortable, and the staff where all very pleasant and made you very welcome. The breakfast was excellent, I would recommend the Holland Court hotel .	
Sep 28 2005 	An excellent friendly place to stay. Very close to Olympia. Highly recommended	We had a great stay at the Hotel. Our room had a bathroom, tv, and direct dial phone in the room and free wireless internet access(which is quite amazing in London for such a reasonable price). Everything was really clean and the rooms were decorated very nicely.,breakfast was good ,full English.The staff were really nice. We stayed For four nights at this hotel. We were able to stay in our room at no extra cost beyond the check-out which was very helpful to us.We would recommend this hotel .	
Jul 11 2005	Cheap owner	Me and my family stayed at this hotel and we were horrified by the owner's treatment of the staff and the guests. We came home one night and was 50 p short for the taxi, we ran into the hotel hoping that the owner would lend us the 50 p. The owner said that it was not his problem! The staff was ok but the owner had a negative attitude towards his staff as well. When we checked out we found our bill was full of small additional charges one pound here and there. Have never been such in such a stingy hotel. Family Anderson	
Jun 30 2005	Good value for money	I went to London on business and had my first 3 nights paid for at the Hilton Olympia just around the corner from Holland Court Hotel. I had 5 extra nights and was planning to extend at the Hilton. However, when I discovered Holland Court Hotel for half the price of the Hilton with the same facilities (minibar, tea/coffee maker, tv, fan plus an iron and ironing board) I decided to move and did not regret it. We had a room to the garden, safe and quiet. It was warm and we left the window open all night. There was somebody at reception all night to open the door even when we came in late (early?) in the morning. Our room was really small but then who will stay in their room when you're in such a great area and there is so much to discover? Would happily recommend it.	
Jun 7 2005 	I loved this hotel and would come again	I stayed at the Holland Court Hotel recently and found that it had all the things that a hotel of its size and location and price would have to offer - ensuite bathroom, mini-bar, tea and coffee making facilities, color tv and radio, telephpne. The room was quite and well manitained.Let's face it - London and especially Kensington is not cheap. For £60 per night including full english breakfast close to the West end and Knightsbridge is great value. The staff were always polite, hard working and attentive.I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again or recommend it to my friends and colleagues. I have travelled all over the world and know a good deal when I see one. I was happy to settle my bill in full given the value I got from my stay.Best wishes to all at the Holland Court Hotel.	
Jun 6 2005 	A hotel i'll be visiting again...	I spent five days in this London hotel, whilst attending a conference in the City. I was welcomed by impressive decor, alongside a warm and friendly staff. Considering the reasonable prices, i was happy with the service provided; especially the english breakfast in which i could eat all i want and the clean and comfortable rooms! I have recommended this hotel to friends and family, and look forward to visiting again soon!	
Jun 4 2005 	Great homely hotel		
Jan 18 2005	Think twice before you stay here		
Dec 20 2004	Value for Money in London		
Dec 14 2004	friendly		
Sep 20 2004	Not bad but not great...		
Dec 24 2003	Parking		
Jun 1 2003	Pleasant stay		
Dec 30 2002	We enjoyed our stay and will visit again.		
Nov 25 2002	Holland Court Hotel Fraud		
Oct 15 2002	Holland court hotel from hell		
Oct 30 2009 	Horrible		
Sep 25 2009 	deludente		
Jan 8 2009 	"cimici dei letti" grave presenza di insetti che si nutrono di sangue in stanza		
Aug 11 2008 	que quieres conseguir??		
Aug 11 2008 	Igual que muchos otros un poco peor situado y personal desagradable		
Jul 31 2008	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältniss		
Jun 5 2008	Einfach und für den kleinen Geldbeutel		
Mar 10 2008 	si può fare....		
Feb 7 2008	machen sie den Fehler nicht!		
Aug 13 2007	Optimales Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
