Jul 5 2009 	If you do one thing in life make it NOT to stay here!	DREADFUL, TERRIBLE, EXPENSIVE MISTAKE.We were staying for a friend's 40th which was being held at the hotel.Very expensive for family room, small double and sofa bed which kids found too uncomfortable to sleep on. No soundproofing at all, sounded like we were in the middle of the noisy road outside, the broken window probably didnt help. Plus the emergency services all congregate outside during the night waiting for calls and then speed off with their sirens blaring.Hot rooms with no smoke detector, all wood floors and a complete tinder box. Thought that was against health and safety regulations.Could hear everything upstairs due to wooden floor, so no rest. In the end we got up and left at 6 am, as breakfast was not until 9 am on sunday morning.Would not recommend.	
Apr 20 2009 	the owners and managment havent got a clue!!	We arrived close to midnight, my relatives had to pick the key up earlier in the day as the rooms arn't in the main block and hotel informed us reception wouldn't be open so we had to make a detour to collect the key. The room was on the top floor, it was so small the bed tripped you when you opened the door, there was nowhere to put your suitcase only in the bathroom which was down 3 steps and the light wasn't working, neither was the bedside lamp. We did go and complain downstairs and found someone in reception? They told us no other rooms were available as they had trouble with the electrics and would try to remedy the situation the next day we had no option but to stay as it was so late, Then when we shut the bed room door we found a pile of sawdust that had been swept behind the door ( maybe they had just finished the room) no they hadn't because next day we discovered there was no hot water either, then we were told that all the rooms were the same size (we stayed in a bigger room last year as did 3 lots of relatives at the same time) and were fully booked (electrics?) Strangely enough they found us another room when we were out but this didn't have a shower(on booking I was told that all rooms had showers) when I objected,suddenly the same room we had last year was available!! why didn't they give it to us in the first place?Other observationsPoor finishesSpindle missing on stairs, dangerous screw sticking out (nearly pierced my hand)No mattress coversNo hair dryersBreakfast (which is included in the £75 price) ends at 8.45 weekdays but doesn't start till 9.00am on a weekend, what's this convenience for the chef? What price the guests!! You tend not to bother, so more money for them.Very loud music played until 3.50am one morningVery noisy when other guests come in as there are all wooden floors.I could go on!Its a shame because this could be a cracker of a little place, ideally situated, look out of the front window and you woundn't think you were in London, but the proprietors must accept their responsibility and put in some staff who know what they are doing and are able to provide the service they are advertising. Adding a TWIST of irony, one of the young girls at reception was filling ina HEALTH AND SAFETY form when we were there.Apparently the owners and management are from S. Africa, they need to take a leaf from some of the back pack hostels from their homeland, far better standards and service than they are operating at this London Hotel.	
Jan 29 2009 	AWFUL!!! Rude dirty plus what seemed like gun shot holes in windows!	Hotel recommended to me as it was close to the wedding reception for a close friend of mine - there were a party of at least 10 of us there.The hotel manageress was a S. African lady who was by far the rudest person I had ever met! she was clearly only interested in our cash. Upon arriving in our room - it was dirty, hadnt been decorated since the 50's and the bathroom was just disgusting! No curtains in the shower or on the windows! so you were fully exposed to the world.Plus the bedroom windows had holes which looked like gun shot holes!!!Breakfast was awful - non-existent! No hot food left when we arrived (at the start of breakfast!) no coffee or juice either... the poor woman working in the kitchen was trying her best and the manager just didn't want to know.I cannot imagine why anyone would stay here - I would rather sleep on a bench.	
Dec 25 2008	Worst Hotel Ever	We stayed here in 2004 for a wedding and I see it hasn't improved at all. We had a room on the top floor - it shows a 4-poster bed and fireplace in the photo. It was horrible - the sheets were unwashed, no shower curtain/door, and there were shards of glass embedded in the cracks of the hardwood flooring. Other hotel guests attending the wedding reported feces on the wall of their bathroom. The breakfast took forever to arrive and was a disgusting greasy mess. Absolutely the worst hotel we have ever stayed at! Stay away!	
Oct 22 2008 	Just watch the movie and see where he got the inspiration from	Th hotel looks great on the outside and even when you go into the pub bit it has a lot of charm...but the rooms!!!We had a downstairs room which was preety shabby and was also very small and cold.Bathroom was a bit grubby discoloured grouting etc.But our friends rooms up the narrow stairs on the next floor up was really very grubby.Pubes in the bed... nothing on the window in the bathroom so on full view to anyone out in the garden.Also the furniture looked like it was off a tip, gnaw marks at the bottom of the legs.We stayed because there was nowhere else and we had a party to go to in the area and were running late...so coming back was not something we were looking forward to. Alcohol helped!!!Breakfast in the morning was a joke there was none ...nobody had told the staff that there were 4 breakfasts paid for and she was put out with haveing to find us something...she did though and it was just edible a ..couple bits of bacon and some eggs.Shame this place could be something really nice and olde worldy....paid £70 per room each too.....couldn't wait to get out of there	
Jul 29 2008 	Dont stay here!!	If you have got any sense dont stay here, the reception looked like it was a food hatch, walking through the entrance to the hotel rooms the carpet was thred bearing, the walls and rails were filthy, we were told are room would be better!!!! Not, the ceiling was full of cobwebs, the bedspread was dirty, the towels were not white, the room very basic, we phoned around for somewhere else all booked up, we slept with our clothes on.If it was my hotel the cleaners would be sacked as nothing was clean!!, the price was £75.00per night what a waist of moneyThe night was warm so the windows were open it was very noisyall we heard was sirens and people leaving the pub, we were glad to get back to sea gulls waking us up!!!	
