Nov 22 2009 	Superb Place in London	Had stayed earlier in JUne 2009 for 5 nights. The two bedroom suites are class apart. Clean, Spacious and great Service. The place has a charm of its ownStayed again for 4 nights in October and just found the place, as usually efficient and nice. Great place to stay when in London, Highly recommended. Will stay here whenever I am in London. Cheers and keep it up.	
Oct 14 2009 	Will only stay at 51 Buckingham Gate when in London	I can't even begin to list everything we loved about this hotel. The most impressive quality of the hotel was the service. Nelson, the concierge, was extremely helpful not only when we actually checked in, but before then when we called the hotel with questions. He booked us a private tour to Stonehenge, Salisbury and Windsor and got us the best tour guide/driver we have ever had the pleasure of touring with.The hotel itself is beautiful, clean, upscale and quiet. The staff couldn't do enough for us. It was without a doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed at.	
Jun 3 2009 	Found home away from home	Myself and my wife went to London during April'09 for 2 days and stayed in 51 Buckingham which is where we stay whenever we visit London.The service was as usual brilliant and personalised. the ambience and facilities available there are all what one needs to have a home away from home.We hope they will not ever allow the standard to be compromised.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and staff	Fantastic rooms, service, location, and so on. We stayed there 28/2/09 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The courtyard is very peaceful and we went to Quilons restaurant which is part of the same group and is Indian ( West coast so plenty of fish) with a Michelin Star. We had the taster menu which was fabulous. The rooms were very well appointed with a kitchen, lounge, bedroom and enormous bathroom. Thoroughly recommended.	
Jan 28 2009 	Comfortable but Quirky	Arrival is a little bizarre because there are no visible signs to lead you to the reception but a number of entrances to chose from. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful as you would expect in any Taj property. Our suite was spacious although the bedroom was small in comparison to the living area. In addition good sized bathroom and kitchen with every utensil you could possibly require. This is the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in and we were not woken by any of the usual early morning noises one expects from a city or other guests. The only criticism I could have is that there was a draft in the bathroom and the breakfast room / bar is far too small. If you want a quiet stay in a very central part of London then this is an ideal place to stay.	
Dec 29 2008 	Good and Bad	The hotel used to be known as the St. James Court - a fact that most London cabbies will remind you of. It is a mystery why the Taj group chose to rename it with its street address - that is okay in New York but apparently not in London according to taxi drivers. The hotel (apartments) boasts a 5 star 5 diamond label but probably needs some sprucing up to really merit that. For example, the elevator - sized like a coffin - in the building adjacent to the main building has an old worn out carpet and has short jerky movements and gets filled quickly resulting in waits at the ground level. On check-in the receptionist promised various newspapers the next morning besides the complimentary Independent only to find NOTHING delivered. The Independent did arrive on the second morning. The breakfast room is tiny and gets filled in rapidly on weekends with the staff valiantly trying to keep guests seated and served but usually is unable to cope - example: cappuccino ordered showed up tepid and luke warm. Evidently it came from some place far away (probably the Crowne Plaza next door which management does little to let on that it is part of the same ownership). On the plus side, great location - walking distance to almost any part of central London.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great stay - yet again	Another great stay in this terrific property. Staff friendly and efficient as ever. Was upgraded to a deluxe one bedroom suite after a booking mix-up. The suite had an eat in kitchen with a view of Buckingham Palace, living room, huge bathroom and smallish but charming and luxurious bedroom. Option of turning on the air-conditioning or opening the windows to enjoy some London summer very welcome.I really love this apartment/hotel. It is a bit of five star comfort in the best location, close to the sights, Westminster and the tube. For a woman travelling alone on business it is also a safe home away from home.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Best Hotel In London	We stayed at a very conyrmparary 1 bed suite which is very spacious. It helped me conducting my meetings and also gave me extra room to relax.Staff is excellent right from arrival till departure, they pampered us and made us feel royal. Without a doubt I would recommend this super hotel to my friends not only for the location but for extreamly proffessional staff.I am an avid traveller and have stayed at properties like Dorchester, Lanesborough and Metropolitan however 51 Buckingham Gate stands out because of its caring and warm staff..Keep the good work going.	
May 14 2008 	Near the Queen...	I stayed at 51 Buckingham Gate for the seond time in Spetember 2007 (the first time having been in January 2006) on business. It is a lovely property with a very attentive staff. Just a short walk to Buckingham Palace (hence the name...), and so very close to all the fun London tourist stuff -- Westminster Abby, Parliment and Big Ben, The London Eye...all within walking distance.If you can afford this place (I can't but my boss can!), then stay here. Lovely.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great hotel a little rough round the edges	Lovely clean, new decor and nice sized rooms in a fairly central location. Great access to a variety of restaurants and bars and the Michelin starred Quinlon Indian restaurant next door is well worth a visit. Authentic Indian food in that food is served with a sauce on the side, rather than meat and veg served up altogether in a saucey squodge as we like to serve it in Indian restaurants in this country.Having said that, I would advise persons of the female persuasion who wish to apply makeup, to take a hand mirror to the hotel as the bathroom mirror is at chest height, and behind the sinks. It was v difficult applying mascara from a crouching, leaning forward position.In addition, try to avoid taking the car if poss (or at least taking a nice car.) We took our sports car and were enthusiastically told the doorman would park it for us. Yeah, he would park it somwhere out on the main street as it was a Sunday and so the parking was free there on a Sunday, then he would move it to the NCP on Monday AM. This would have been fine for our old hatchback, but not the new sporty number thanks. We asked if the doorman could park the car in the NCP straightaway as we'd rather pay than leave the car on the street, but our request seemed to be forgotten so we went and parked the car ourselves. The NCP is a fairly substantial walk away from the hotel and it is also worth noting that it was very difficult manouevering the car outside the hotel, as it is up a private, dead end side road, about 5' wide, necessitating a 15 point turn to get out of the street. Look out for those alloys being kerbed!!Oh yes and we made our booking on the internet. Next day, we received an e-mail asking if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room. We replied non-smoking. When we arrived, we found ashtrays and matches in our room and a note on the door saying the room had been designated a smoking room. When we checked out and we were asked whether everything was alright, we said it was, but mentioned that we'd been given a smoking room, when we'd asked for non-smoking. We were told that all the rooms were smoking and they didn't have non-smoking rooms per se, but if they knew that non-smokers were arriving, they could be given rooms that smelled less of smoke than others. Eh?????Thankfully, our room didn't smell of smoke, and overall, despite all the whining I've done here, I would stay here again. I'd just be prepared for the little idiosyncracies!	
Feb 11 2008 	A super family location. hotel is no longer pristine	I had stayed at this property last summer with my family of 5 plus my two sisters in law. (total of 7)My wife and I were going to London last summer for a family holiday with our 3 little girls (Ages 6, 4 and 2) and to make my life easier I decided to bring my wifes two sisters. I had stayed at Claridges and the Four Seasons and was looking for a family friendly suite with 3 bedrooms.I couldnt find what I was looking for at either of these and came accross this property. I contacted them by phone and they were very helpful. I made arrangements for the newly refurbished 3 bedroom apartment.When we arrived I was told that wasnt available and they had instead a 1 bedroom apartment and a two bedrrom apartment that could be conjoined. I wasnt happy as I had made specfic phones calls in advance to ensure my holiday would be as expected. Once we were shown to the combo apartment I decided to go with it. It gave us an extra living room which worked out super. The way the place was set up we had about a 50 foot hallway with all the rooms running off it including two kitchens, two living rooms, three bedrooms and three washrooms. We paid about $2000.00 Canadian per night for 5 nights including all the taxes. This did not include any of our meals. I was comfortable spending $10,000 for the week based on what I recieved and the location. This may seem like a lot but I was very happy from a value standpoint.The property was a little musty but so are most of the old properties in London. There was quite a bit of noise every morning when they were dumping glass into a dumpster below our 4th floor window. This only seemed to wake me.The kitchens were excellent and well stocked including washer/dryer. There was a great little food store around the corner so I could stock up on ice cream and milk and bread and other little items. The location was terrific (A short walk to buckingham palace and some beautiful parks) and so was the staff. The head butler couldnt do enough for us. The concierge also went out of their way to help. I tipped everyone 20 pounds so that didnt hurt.The hotel had many room service options and the food was excellent. (The kids were usually tired at the end of the day so room service was great) The dover sole was excellent. Maybe $100 but it was great.The rooms could use some updated furnishings and carpets but in general I had a wonderful holiday so maybe thats why i didnt mind a bit of wear. I think I will stay here again when I go back to London with my family.	
Mar 30 2007 	A Good Value	Our family of four (2 kids - 10yrs and 9yrs) stayed at 51 for a spring break vacation last week. Service and front office staff is excellent and attentive, if a bit young. Very good at getting things done but mainly knew about the bigger attratctions, restaurants and services in the area when we were loooking for a more local experience. But well worth the price. Location is right in the middle of everything - near B'ham Palace; Victoria &amp; St. James Stations (Tube).The buidling does show some of it's age but is very luxuriious, well appointed and maintained. We had a bit of a problem with too much hot water and it was fixed that day - a roll away bed was added with no fuss.With the restaurants of the Crown Plaza right next door - plenty of options to eat and room service is available as well. A grocery is just around the corner where we got breakfast and munchies to reduce the unbeliveable cost of eating out in London - shocking if you haven't experienced it before.	
Mar 29 2007	Great hotel	We recently stayed at 51 Buckingham Gate for 2 nights with my children. It was a fantastic location with a beautiful courtyard and great service. The tube (St. James) is just steps away and Victoria is a 5 min walk. The hotel had DVD's to borrow which was convenient for the kids at night and the service was very very good. There were a few negatives: many of the doors don't stay open or shut and this becomes very irritating after a while. For example the kitchen door was held open by a waste bin. It seems trivial but it really gets to you after a while; the rooms are also too crowded with furnishings, in particular the bedrooms so you can almost not move; we had a 2 bedroom which would have been great but we needed twin beds in the 2nd bedroom and it only had a queen so I suggest you check to make sure you're getting the configuration you want before you book. There are many positives: The apartment comes fully stocked with tea and coffee and milk which was fantastic. We went around the corner to Sainsburys and picked up ready made meals for the kids which was great and a bargain by London standards. We also ate in the restaurant next door (part of the hotel) and it was superb. They had a special for 16pounds which was very good and reasonable value. We also ate in the Indian restarurant attached to the hotel and it was one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever eaten in. One word of caution on the apartment: there is a 110v plug in the living room and it blew up my hair straightener so be careful. they did refund me for it, however. Everything else was perfect.	
Jan 15 2007 	Could be great but a little tired	My famly and I (two adults three children) stayed for two nights at 51 Buckingham Gate on Thursday 4th and Friday 5th January 2007. This hotel is an apart hotel and I thought would be great for my kids aged 10, 8 and 6. The apartments themselves are a good size and are made up of two bedroom, two bathrooms, lounge/dining area and a small kitchen.From the website it looks incredibly plush but the rooms we had whilst adequate were pretty tired and the bathroms a wee bit of a throw back to the 80's.We asked for an extra bed in one of the bedrooms and this was not there when we arrived. It did appear on request but was set up in the lounge and with a little effort, my wife and I managed to get it to fit comfortably into one of the bedrooms, why the housekeeping staff did not do this I do not know.The restaurants attached to the aparthotel are not particularly family friendly and are very expensive. On the website they also said there would be a gift for our kids, bathrobes for our kids , tv console games and colouring pencils and books for the kids none of which materialised.Having said all that I would stay again and if you decide to book, make sure you insist on a recently refurbished room.	
Oct 6 2006 	Nice sized apartment	Was in London with family for 4 days/nights at end of Sept. Booked a lovely 2 bedroom suite with 2 bedrooms, 2 baths and a large living room. Apartment contained 1 master with king bed and bath, other room had a queen with bath (shower only). We had a small kitchen which was well stocked and had an oven, toaster, microwave, etc. Also had a washer/dryer which was nice as we were able to do our son's laundry. Relative to other hotels in London where I stayed for work before, the apartment was huge by London standards. We were on the 4th floor so we cleared the buildings around us. Although no real views, we did get sunshine in the morning which was nice treat.Although the apartment could have used some renovating (some areas looked worn), it was still cozy and comfortable. We were able to stock up and eat breakfast in the apartment which was nice since our 2 year old son felt like he was at home. The staff were very helpful in any requests. Maid service twice a day. Linens and towels were very high quality. Molton Brown products were restocked every morning. We enjoyed our stay at 51 Buckingham and would suggest to anyone with small children. Location was great, short walk to Victoria station where one could get the tube or buses and cabs were abundant.	
Jan 16 2006	Fantastic Staff 	Our family of four visited London the week after Christmas and we spent five wonderful days at 51 Buckingham Gate. From the moment we arrived, the staff treated our family, and especially our two girls (ages 8 and 11) like VIPs. A doorman descended on the car to take our bags, two staff from reception welcomed us and the butler showed us to our two-bedroom apartment. Before long, our jet-lagged family was relaxing in the library with the breakfast buffet. A great way to start the holiday!We chose 51 Buckingham gate based on location, reviews and the value for the money. Our two-bedroom apartment was large by any standard, huge by London standards. The sitting room was over 500 sq. ft. and had plenty of room for a family to stretch out and relax. Each bedroom easily accommodated the very comfy queen-sized beds plus furniture. I notified the hotel in advance that we had kids and they had kid-sized robes and small gifts waiting for them. The baths were of standard size for London. linens and towels were of high quality. Our kitchen included an oven, microwave, four-burner stove, toaster, two types of coffee makers, a clothes washer/dryer and even a breadbox! Dishes and utensils for four were supplied although I’m sure they would provide whatever is needed.The staff at the hotel is truly among the best I’ve experienced. Sergio, the head butler is kind, helpful and clearly loves his job. He can be Jeeves one minute and the kind-hearted grandfather the next. My kids fell in love with him! My daughters got up early one morning and I found them in their little robes getting breakfast served in the library by an obviously happy Sergio – an image that will certainly stay with me! The concierge staff, led by Nelson, is great and their suggestions saved us considerable time at the various tourist attractions(they got us first-row balcony seats for the Lion King among other things). Correspondence with the hotel and concierge staff in advance of our visit was returned very quickly and professionally. Day or night, the hotel responded to all questions and requests promptly.For a family trip or long stay in London, 51 Buckingham Gate is wonderful. We had a rate of 335 pounds/night (from the hotel’s web site) which is comparable to the cost of two double rooms at other four or five star hotels. Considering the additional space and kitchen, it looks like a much better value. Having the kitchen likely saved us 80 pounds a day on dining costs – and after a long day out, the kids much preferred a pizza and DVD to a restaurant meal. The amenities provided by the Crowne Plaza across the courtyard appeared to be sufficient although we didn’t have time to use the exercise or spa facilities.On any future trips to London, our family will look no further than 51 Buckingham Gate.	
Jan 3 2006	Wanted to love it....	51 Buckingham Gate is located a block from Buckingham Palace adjacent to the Crowne Plaza, although it is treated as a separate facility. You enter a small courtyard through a private gated entrance. There are three buildings. We were lead into the center one containing a small reception area and shown a 'library' where you take meals/tea. We were then escorted to the front building to our rooms. The entrances are ordinary rather than luxurious and the elevator is very slow. We had a two bedroom suite, which was actually a one bedroom suite interconnecting to a junior suite. The junior suite is brilliant.. a small sitting area and tiny kitchen separated from a king-bedded room by glass doors. The color scheme is attractive.. the kitchen quite impressive.. but the rooms need more light, the contemporary furniture is uncomfortable and the magnificent bath is quite chilly. The one bedroom suite has a large well equipped kitchen complete with a washer-dryer and the hotel provided complimentary cereal, milk, bottled water etc. Unfortunately, the living area is too small (half the size of the kitchen) and again the contemporary furniture is uncomfortable. The beds are comfortable with nice linen and there is plenty of closet space. While the rooms had their pros and cons, the hotel staff is wonderful. From the moment we made our reservations, the concierge was offering us assistance. Everyone is very kind and very attentive. Our rate through Virtuoso included breakfast and we chose to eat in the 'library'. The staff was fantastic.. handling our every request.. I simply cannot say enough about how good the service was at this hotel. The hotel is also very private. Each floor contains 4-5 suites.. we rarely ran into people except in the library. Some 'celebrities' were staying in the hotel and they were treated graciously without fuss or fanfare, dining among us like 'ordinary people'. So here's how I would boil it down:Location is good.. close to Buckingham Palace.. although very quiet. Covent Garden is the current happening spot where you'll find people walking about at all hours. Westminister is very quiet in the evening but quite convenient.The facility: the hotel is very nice. It is contemporary not traditional so if you're looking for 'old' London.. this is not it. Nor is this not a hip hotel. Nothing boutique about it. You get something more like a luxury apartment.. very nice space and a kitchen for your money. While 51 doesn't have a bar, you can walk into Crowne Plaza for its bar and its restaurants too.The service: exceptional. Truly exceptional. One other observation: this is a great location for families because of the apartment style living. The staff is very kind to children... has a free DVD library for them to sort through...and handled the kids who turned up at meals very well. Value: London is terribly expensive right now. We paid nearly gbp500 a night (around $850 a night). Yes, we found that a bit pricey. We were offered a two bedroom suite at the Baglioni (chic luxury) for gbp430, the Durley (traditional) gbp270, the Langham (traditional) gbp400, the Landmark (traditional luxury) gbp525 and the Soho (boutique luxury) gbp725 to give you a comparison. In hindsight, we might have opted for less expensive alternative (Durley or Baglioni) given how little time we spent in our rooms.Good luck with your travel plans!	
Dec 13 2005 	Mixed Feelings	Location was very good. The standard of service was high and place was very friendly. Unfortunately, the decoration of the rooms (very dark - too many cold colours) and woefully inadequate heating both in the bedrooms, sitting rooms and in bathrooms during the recent cold spell had conspired to let the place down. The gym is small - and the cardiovascular workout equipment dated.	
Aug 7 2005	wonderful stay	We arrived quite late - spending 2 nights...hotel is a member of Virtuoso so we took advantage of their amenities, i.e., one way airport transfer (arrival for us), daily breakfast, 1 afternoon tea, 1 30 minute spa treatment, tkts for the London Eye..We stayed in one of their jr suites - nice modern decor - fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom. Was able to visit one of their 1 bedrooms too - 900 square feet!Hotel is located in a Victorian coach court - right across from the Crowne Plaza and their spa - signing privelages allowed.Very helpful concierge...Hotel is located in Westminister area - walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Westminister Abbey, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben...recommend: we ate at Pizza Express around the corner - great little restaurant - relatively reasonable for London these days.right outside of the hotel to the left can be purchased underground/bus passes - nearby Spar market.This is a definite recommend operation - great for long or short stays...	
Jul 29 2005	Loved Buckingham Gate - Location and Service	We went to London with our 5 and 9 year old children for the second week in February. Perfect time to visit London (a little cold, but the daffodils are blooming). The best part was this hotel. It is apartments with a full service concierge. This hotel is also in the perfect loction, 2 blocks to Buckinham Palace. We walked with our children to the London Eye, Aquarium, Westminster Abby, to many things. The concierge was so helpful, told me about a little supermarket a few blocks away. We were able to cook our own meals or order room service - we did both. The front desk got us wonderful seats at the Palladium to see Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, tickets for the London Eye, always asking us if we needed anything. The rooms were huge. Our apartment had 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a separate den, dining area and kitchen. Great place to relax after a day of touring. All rooms were spacious, modern and clean. We have traveled quite a bit. And, this hotel is at the top of my list for places to return. This is an excellent choice for families!	
Nov 4 2008 	Fantástica estancia en 51 Buckingham Gate		
