Nov 18 2009 	Stay if you have to	Well we only stayed for one night and I thank my lucky stars that's all it was. I would not recommend staying for any longer. Its possible we stayed in the 'bad' wing of the hotel as there is two buildings opposite each other. So the few positives are that the room was pretty clean i.e no cockroaches or mould and it is easily accessible by public transport into &amp; from central london. But the room itself was not very good but I guess you get what you pay for - £37 for a standard double ensuite with continental breakfast (lol) booked via laterooms.com. Firstly, the window to our room was nailed shut and as the whole floor was extremely hot it felt like hell! The only compensation we had was a fan which didn't really cool us down. The pillows were paper thin and rock hard and we had to share two between us on a double bed. We asked for more but they said there weren't any so we woke the next day with bad back and neck pain. It was so bad I woke up really early so I didn't have to sleep on it anymore! The hot water was turned off in the evening so ended up having a cold shower. The staff were quite unhelpful and when we asked for some cutlery, it turned into a debate on why we should be allowed to have a spoon! There were no towels in the room so you have to go and ask for some and a tv remote. The tv just had the basic 5 channels. It advertises wifi but you need to be in certain areas of the hotel to get a decent signal. The area is not very nice at night - so would not recommend for solo female travellers. There are late night newsagents and chip shops if you get hungry. Also the breakfast is a joke. There are plenty of cafes around the hotel which do a much better breakfast much cheaper. Included in the price is juice, toast and cereal. For a proper english breakfast it costs £10 extra.	
Nov 1 2009 	Use as a last resort	The hotel is situated in 2 buildings across the road from each other. When you go along the corridors to the rooms you are hit with a nasty odour from the unclean carpets. The room we had came with a double bed which we felt was far too small. Only one pillow for each of us and no options for a second pillow. The room had one hand towel between the two of us and after going to reception to ask for towels we were given two towels to take back across the road with us, rather than the hotel sending towels to the room. No towels at all on day 2. Breakfast is a joke! They advertise Continental breakfast, which consists of cornflakes, toast and orange juice, and then they try to charge a small fortune for a cooked breakfast. Not a pleasant experience, not a pleasant hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Not clean poorly maintained go elsewhere	The sleeping beauty hotel is Bargain basement accommodation. It is in need of refurbishment rooms are generally a bit scruffy which you can accept at such a cheap price. The cleanliness or lack of it is unacceptable. One of our rooms stank around the bathroom area, clearly there had been a leak or spillage which had allowed to fester ! Mildew around windows and bathroom old toothbrushes on top of shelves! Grubby pillows threadbare bedding are the order of the day. My advice would be spend a few quid more go somewhere else I will next time. Almost forgot to mention the dangerous electrics see photos !	
Oct 10 2009 	Good price. Very clean and quiet.	This hotel was just what we need in our 5 day trip to London. We only slept there, because rest of the day we're sightseeing and shopping. For price that we've paid we couldn't be more surprised with cleanliness and quietness of the place (room 247). Only drawback was distance from tube station (don't try to walk it, take bus to the Walthamstow Station), and from the city of London, generally. Trip from hotel to e.g. Trafalgar Square will take you 45min to one hour. All other things related to this hotel was great: staff, room, breakfast, internet, free parking... We'll certainly recommend this hotel to our friends and colleagues.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good value for the money	This is a cheap, basic hotel, with free parking (not common in London), which is 45 minutes' travel from central London. For the price it is extremely good value. My room was reasonably clean; the bedding and towel were clean, and there was hot water available when I wanted it. The main drawback, as others have commented, was that the room was very hot, and noisy if you kept the window open. It may well be worth asking for a room in the newer annex. Contrary to others' comments, I felt perfectly safe walking back by myself from Walthamstow Tube at 2300hrs - a 10 minute walk. Yes, it's a mixed, somewhat run-down area; no better and no worse than many others. The staff I met were friendly and polite. I have stayed in much worse places, for similar prices, in other capitals round the world (and not just the Third World ones).	
Sep 23 2009 	Got what you paid for !	First of had a fantastic 4 day trip to London, was a city break just myself and my girlfriend! The hotel was satisfactory for us to stay in but if we ever go to London again we will defo stay in or alot nearer the city, like i said above you get what you pay for with the sleeping beauty we payed 160 for 4 nights, we got a double ensuite room in the new building which was nice, clean and well presented, we had a hairdryer coffee/tea facilities/irioning board and hot water for our showers! we also had digi freeview tv in the room which was brilliant (30 channels) i would recommend to anyone that has booked when you arrive DO NOT take a room in the east wing(older building) as we got a room there to stay for the last day when we checked out as our flight was a late flight, the rooms in the older building are bigger but they are alot older and are very dirty compared to the new building they do not have lamps or satalite tv and the carpet and walls are disgusting, so we were lucky in that sense i suppose. The breakfast was very very very basic, we only used it once and when we asked if we could order english breakfast(which costs a fiver but we would have liked it anyway) they said the chefs were not avaliable, the bar was never open the 4 nights we were there and there is no SKY tv in the lounge , thats what the advertisements all say, which was annoying to me and my gf as we were out all day and like to have a bar to have a coule of drinks before going back to our room, and trust me there is no nightlife in Leyton you would want to involve yourself in. So overall for the hotel room wise we were lucky, basic but nice and we were happy with our stay, hotel wise the service for the hotel (breakfast, bar, just in general) was quite poor and the staff are not the most welcoming but like i said its basic, cheap and a 2 star hotel so thats what you expect.The area itself we did not like, being from Glasgow we did not know anything about Leyton i knew it was a subbarb town in London and they have a rubbish football team but thats about it! Sleeping Beauty is right in the middle of what i think was a black muslim community and was not nice to walk through to get to the train station during the day, we were coming back from the City around 8oclock and walking back from walthemstow central and we did not feel safe atall we felt as if we were getting started at constantly because we were a white couple and Leyton itself is not a pretty sight atall, if i had knew more about this area before hand i would have not booked this hotel, however we did not let it affect our trip. Location wise though it is easy access to the city once you arrive in stansted you get a train to liverpool street then the underground to leyton. To get to the city you just walk to walthemstow central (about 10 minutes) and get the underground to Oxford Circus and thats you right in Oxford Street, tickets cost 12.60 return.Overall i would not stay at this hotel again, and would advise anyone to stay in or nearer the city, Leyton is not a nice area, but we had a satisfactory comfertable stay at the sleeping beauty.	
Sep 17 2009 	good staff clean room not too great the area	the rooms were clean, the beds were fine, and the staff friendly.... but the area where this motel is located isn't too great, i would not recommend this for a female lone traveler ... the location was a bit far (one bus to get to the underground station, then two trains to get to the touristic center) but for the price of the hotel, with breakfast included this was expected.. this is a place to sleep and nothing else. the frigde in the room didn't work and the water heater for tea was disgusting inside so you can rule out eating or drinking in the rooms. the windows were difficult to open in our room, which was made worse but the heat of the days we were there. and when we went the lift was broken so we had to go 2 floors up with our suitcases	
Sep 17 2009 	What else can you get in London for this money?	Cheap budget hotel. Rough round the edges, needing a lick of paint and air conditioning as room was far too hot! Kettle in room did not work and did not get replaced. However, iron and hairdryer were provided and did work. Asked for two extra pillows (only given two) but only one materialised.Not the comfiest stay but value for money if its just a bed for a couple of nights.Breakfast was cereal and Tesco Value bread but what do you expect for the money you pay? Location in Zone 3 of London Transport, nearest tube is Walthamstow about a mile away but buses are regular from tube station. P.S. You pay upfront and no refunds says the sign, once paid. If in doubt, ask to see your room before you pay.	
Sep 13 2009 	Never again	The parking was good. Bullet proof screen on reception not so good.We arrived and had to pay for the room up front which is non refundable.The first room we were allocated was in the same building as the bar and reception. There was no way we could stay in this room. The carpet was filthy the room smelt old and musty The bathroom wooden shelf was mouldy, The room was like a sauna but if you opened the window, the traffic noise was so bad you could not hear yourself think.We asked to be moved and they did this with no bother to a room in the other new building across the road. We were pleasantly surprised with this brand new clean room...... until that is when we returned from a family wedding at 3am and found that after using the toilet, there was no water in the cistern and therefore no flush. No matter how cheap a room, I would always expect a flushing loo.Also only one towel allocated to rooms and there was no remote control for the T.V.	
Aug 17 2009 	Hotel Dumpwater	Remarkably low prices and guess why!!! The operation of this hotel is one all of its own, sub standard to accommodation as basic as perhaps Travel-Lodge.Greeted, or to be more accurate, totally ignored by one receptionist on check-in and checked in by a second member of the reception team who emerged from the back office (and disappeared there several times throughout a very long check-in process). Payment in full on arrival and a notice that states “no refund after payment on arrival”.Reception is a miserable experience – complete with a very unwelcoming bullet proof glass shield. The bar supposedly open from 11am-11pm was closed until 6pm (at which time we had headed out to the city) and closed again at 10:45pm when we had just arrived back from central London.The elevator to the room across the road in the adjacent building did not work and the location of the staircase was not immediately obvious but the room itself was a decent size (one Double bed, one single bed). Due to a problem with the underground (Victoria Line), we had had to make our way from Seven Sisters bus and walk through Walthamstow, needless to say, on a very hot day, a shower on arrival before heading out again would have been nice except there were no towels in our room. Check-in is at 2pm and we arrived at 2:20pm. Calling back at reception, we were advised that the towels were in the dryer with no indication of when they may be available to us. When we did receive them, sometime in the evening, the worn out towels were grey (having once been white perhaps a very long time ago) and still soiled – obviously the dryer is not where they should have been, but perhaps the washing machine on a boil wash (or more fittingly, the bin). There was also no bathmat, just an even older towel folded on the floor as a make-shift bath mat.Most of the Halogen light bulbs in the room needed replacing, the cold water tap did not work, there was no plug in the wash-basin and the toilet seat was not attached at one side. The room was too hot and the use of a fan did little to ease the temperature. Opening the window did not help as the busy road outside kept us awake. The view from the window was of the used tyre store across the road – miserable as is the establishment itself, worn-out, tired and in need of some serious TLCBreakfast was an experience all of its own, served in the ‘lobby’. A choice of dry cereal, white bread, bottled fruit juice and instant coffee (the same tasteless coffee sachets provided in the bedrooms). Having had the misfortune to have booked two nights here, we avoided breakfast on the second day and were thankful to checkout, heading back to central London by bus as the Victoria Line was down again due to scheduled engineering works.All in all, a miserable experience that we shall not repeat. Do yourself a favour if you need to be in Walthamstow for any reason (we attended a wedding in nearby Leyton), check the tube is fully operational and stay in Central London. Its 15-20mins by tube. Forget saving money and save your soul !!!	
Aug 10 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	The room we stayed in was in a seperate block from the main hotel, which I wasn't that keen on, to be honest. It was clean enough and was cleaned and serviced every day, although we often had to go and ask at reception for more towels, as they hadn't replaced them. The bathroom was pretty small, but okay. You'd have struggled to fit a cat in the bath though. It was absolutely titchy. Nice powerful shower though.We also weren't able to get any more pillows, which was a problem as the ones (one each) they had given us were quite thin and didn't offer a lot of protection from the hard mattress. The bed was pretty much rock hard, and neither my wife or myself got a decent night's sleep once during our stay. This also wasn't helped by the noise from the road outside, or the fact that the room was absolutely roasting hot, even at night. If you're going to stay here, definitely take a fan with you if you can. Otherwise you'll slowly roast.Despite all that, the value was excellent. You can't argue with £35 per night for a double in London.I probably wouldn't recommend this hotel, as the location was a little inconvenient. As I mentioned, the room was roasting hot and the service wasn't really up to much. Okay if you need to be in Walthamstow and just need somewhere to rest your head.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Find Just Outside of London	The Sleeping Beauty Motel is in Layton. A diverse, sligthly gritty, neighborhood about 25 minutes outside of London. In East London. You have two options to go into London. You must take about a 10 minute bus ride to the Metro Station and then take about a 15 minute metro ride into the heart of London. The motel has and is being remolded. Try to ask for a remolded room. The rooms are clean and nice but no a/c. The complimentary Breakfast in the morning is great, the girls work so hard picking up after people. More people should tip them. This is more of a place for a traveler trying to save money ...not for a family or a couple wanting to hang out in or around the motel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great value for this money	Twin room with breakfast - 45 pounds. For this money you receive big enough, clear room with heardrier&amp;iron&amp;free wi-fi. Good public transport connections. Of course it's not 4-5 stars hotel but it's better value for this money in my life :-).	
Jul 12 2009 	Cheap hotel	The hotel is located in East of London and is easily reached by public transport. However I found the location very noisy as there are cars passing by almost 24hrs a day. The breaksfast also started to get a bit boring as we stayed in the hotel for a one week. It's toast and cerials every morning. However there is a reasonably priced cafe that provides English breakfast for a reasonable price.Also on couple of days we didn't get another towels to our room so had to go and get them from the reception. The lift hardly ever worked and we nearly got stuck in it. The fire alarm went of at 3am on our last night as someone was smoking in their room. However the bathroom was kept clean and found the bed nice and clean. This hotel is ok if you are travelling on a budget and only want a place to sleep in.	
Jul 6 2009 	The bed and bathroom were clean but the walls and floor needed work.	The road outside the Sleeping Beauty is noisy so be sure to bring ear plugs. The carpeting in the rooms is pretty worn but clean. The walls were quite dirty, you could tell lots of bags had been scratched on them. The bed was very clean and comfortable. They had a small breakfast, just toast and cereal, which was nice to save time and money in the morning. It's located right at the end of the rail line so expect to spend a fair bit of time on the tube getting to and from places. The tube travel might not be too bad if you're spending a bit of time in London but if you're jet lagged and only spending 3 nights I'd recommend a hotel a bit closer to everything. Also, if you book on hostelbookers.com you can get the Sleeping Beauty for a really reasonable price.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great For the Price.....	Paying £30 for the room bed &amp; breakfast, i wasn't expecting much. But for a one night stay in London it was ideal.Cheap, Cheerful &amp; clean.About a 15 min walk to the tube.... &amp; then a 20 min ride will take you to the center (oxford Street)Our room was right on the road &amp; we heard nothing all night.This is no 5 star hotel but for the price you can't expect that! Would recommend &amp; will use again!	
Jun 15 2009 	cheap... not so cheerful	Booked 2 nights at the hotel in June 2009 and customer service leaves a lot to be desired.Checked in at 18:00 and was given a room in the first phase of the hotel. This was on the 2nd floor. When leaving the lift you are confronted with a very odd smell. We got to the room and observed the following:very damp smell in the room itselfbroken wall tilesmould in the bathroomdirt on the walls (as if someone has had dirty hands and wiped them on the walls!!!)flies everywherebroken and dirty cealing tilestoilet not working properly.Rather unamused, we headed back to reception and were given a key to another room. This time we were located in the newest part of the building on the other side of the road.It was an event in itself trying to find the room... the receptionist gave us a key, told us the new room number and told us its over the road... we went over the road and made way for the entrance.... this room wasn't here.... phoned up via the phone in that reception to ask where exactly the room is and was told in the newest area.... you would think they would have the decency to give directions to the room when handing over the key.This room was much more pleasant in appearance &amp; on the surface looked cleaner... with the exception of a cup, a saucer &amp; a spoon that were solidified together... when you see this you wonder what else hasn't been done correctly by the cleaners. The main enterance door is meant to be secured with access only via your key card. When i was packing up to leave, i left the key &amp; my phone in the room with my girlfriend whilst i went to my car... with no other option i just decided to try the door... low and behold it was open.My stay was in June 2009... and air temperatures were in the low to mid 20Cs... the room that I was staying in was uncomfortably warm... opening the window didn't do much to help that.Going back to the cleaners... you wouldn't think it was too much to ask for a towel bigger than hand size... this is what we got on our first day at the sleeping beauty... in fairness they gave us 2 better sized towels the next day, but... my dad who was staying at the hotel too at this time was left NO towel on his 2nd day.When staying here bear in mind you are staying at a main thoroughfair from whipps cross hospital. You will be disturbed with sirens all night... and i mean all night.Breakfast wise you get toast, cereal, fruit juice &amp; coffee as part of the price plan... you can get an upgrade for £5 if you desire, but there are places in Walthamstow that would offer a better service.There is 2 car parks at the hotel, one at either building... you must remember to get a permit from reception otherwise you may be clamped and fined. The car park is unsecure, therefore it would be fairly easy for anyone to walk in and see contents of your car so i would strongly advise to remove all belongings from your car before leaving it.now...the staff... the ones that i had the &quot;pleasure&quot; of dealing with looked like they would rather be anywhere but there... it isn't too much to ask for a bit of courtesy &amp; manners... the reception staff, frankly, are rude. I gave account of finding the new room earlier &amp; my dad complained to the receptionist when checking out regarding the towel and he shrugged his shoulder and ignored the complaintthe reason for this stay was for a family event in Walthamstow... it was a toss up between the sleeping beauty hotel and the travel lodge in Illford... the fact that sleeping beauty was in walthamstow swung it in its favour... in the future however, i will never make the same mistake... illford is only 3 miles away after all...and you know where you stand with travel lodge.Management in this hotel have a lot to answer for. There is no pride in the hotel whatsoever... staff are rude &amp; unhelpful &amp; rooms are dirty &amp; not properly maintained... i know the rooms are only £30ish a night... but professionalism should not be taken for granted.	
May 26 2009	Exellent value!	I booked 2 triple rooms and a twin room for one night as we were going out in east london for my sisters hen night. It cost 8 of us around 21 quid each and we all found it excellent value for money! . when we arrived the staff were very freindly and helpful and they told us that the rooms would be in the block over the road ( they have 2 parts to the hotel, 1 either side of the road) and that 2 rooms were on the 2nd floor and 1 was on the 1st floor, i was sceptical about this but we were in so much of a rush to get to our evening activity that I just went with the flow. When we got over there we found out that we had been given a triple room , a room with a double and a single and a room with 2 singles and 1 double! there were only 8 of us staying over so we ended up having a bed each with some to spare! bargain! the rooms were very clean and had all the amenities, decent size mirrors (good for us girlies) an iron and ironing board, teas a coffee facilities and lots of cupboard space, the bath room in the room where i stayed was OK but there was no plug for the bath or the sink and was very basic but we were only staying for one night so it didnt bother us.i had read the other reviews about the breakfast being very basic so wasnt expecting much but it was very pleasant indeed, there was tea and coffee,fruit juice, 3 types of cereal, thick sliced bread that you toast yourself in the toaster and a choice of jams and butter. Over all this hotel was excellent value for money ! i was chuffed, i searched and searched for other hotels but non as good value for money as this! i am glad i found this place as it really worked out well, would definatley go back and would recommend to any one.	
Apr 21 2009 	Very nice cheap and very good value for the money	cheap and clean. we were a little bit worried because the hotel is in zone 3 and far away from the city. but it was although very central, because there passed buses and metros all the time! was very fast getting into the centre. and i also felt safe in the area.the breakfast was of course not like breakfast in norwegian hotels, but it had white bread, jam, cornflakes and coffee and tea. good for the price, i think.our room was double room ensuite. it was big, with one double bed and one single bed. the room was clean, but still very old and shabby and not very beautifull. and since i have allergies for dust (from the old carpet on the floor) we asked to change room to a newer room, if they had. we were moved to another room in the newer part of the house (on same side as reception). the room was smaller (still big enought), but sooo much nicer!! totally new bed, new carpets, furnitures. nice lamps, bathroom with bath shining. modern and very nice! so actually there is a very big contrast from room to room at this hotel. but if you ask for a room in the new part of the hotel, they are absolutely worth a lot more than the money you payd for!we are very satisfied with this hotel and we will go back there later when we need	
Mar 31 2009 	ideal for North London	I stayed at the Sleeping Beauty for 4 nights with a friend of mine. The rooms were 40 pounds per night, which was very good. This is internet pricing. Walk-up price is 75 pounds for a Twin/Double Room.As many others we also stayed across the road in a fairly modern building with modern rooms. Room size was normal by European standard for budget hotels. We had room enough to move around, the only thing what was in the way was a table which had no use because you had also a desk. Due to a blocked toilet we had to move to another room after 2 nights. The first room had an alternative lock on the window which closed it more tightly than normal so we had no noise from the building works accross the road. The second room didn't close that tightly and we heard a some noise from the road. Since we are used to road noise we had not a problem with that. The ensuite bathroom with bath was something I didn't expect. Breakfast, indeed, was rather poor. The first 2 mornings were all right but on saturday morning they weren't able to cope with the number of guests, running out on juices, cutlery and coffee cups. Although breakfast was until 10.30 on saturday, they started to clear juices and bread away by 10.15. When there is a need for me to visit North East London, I will certainly be staying at the Sleeping Beauty.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good stay great value	The room I stayed in was very clean and comfortable, with a tv and tea-making facilities. The ensuite bathroom was nice and the water was piping hot. This hotel was wonderful value, the only downside is that the local area of the hotel is not that great and may not suit a solo female traveller, but you can easily get the tube or a bus to somewhere more pleasant.This is one of the best budget hotels I have stayed in, and the price I paid was remarkable considering how clean and comfortable it was.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great value clean functional motel	I stayed here with my boyfriend over 2 nights. Having only paid £30 a night we weren't expecting much, but we were pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, modern and light and reminded me of a Travelodge. Very quiet rooms. Spot on water pressure from the showers. Perks of an ironing board and iron in the room. Breakfast was adequate with juice, cereal, toast, butter and selection of jams. Negatives were that the 2 closest stations were down due to engineering works on the tube lines which meant that it was a huge inconvenience getting anywhere central. So check that the victoria line is working when you stay there if you fancy escaping Leyton. Also we had to ask for an extra towel as when we arrived there was only one. 15 minutes prior to our checkout time we had a knock on the door from the cleaner, which we did not appreciate. Also, we stay in the block across the road meaning that for breakfast we had to trek to the other building for breakfast. Despite these negatives I would recommend this motel as long as you Victoria line is running, otherwise travelling becomes a nightmare.	
Mar 23 2009 	What do you expect for £35!	Booked online, £35, quick check in, basic room, asked for late check out and got at no extra cost. If you just want somewhere to sleep it is fine. Wouldn't advise walking around the area at night!	
Jan 4 2009 	Hated!	Almost no hot water and even after 5 times warned, the staff did nothing. Poor breakfast - even for a budget hotel. Our room was across the street. Two times only one towel. Poor furniture. The only positive aspect was that it was near lots of shops. pubs and restaurants.	
Dec 21 2008 	What Amazing Value	What can we say, 30 quid a night didn't expect much, what I got was clean room, friendly staff and secure parking in London for 30 quid a night, where else can you get such value. Lets address some of previous critisms1/ Lift small, there's 2 and shock horror stairs!!!2/ Dangerous neighbourhood, rubbish, well lit friendly and some great takeaways3/ Working girls near, I've stayed at posh hotels in central London and they work in 5 star hotels too!!! You dont have to engage with them.4/ Small breakfast, yes it is you paid a pitance to stay here, and its adequate.5/ Rooms small, granted not the largest but sufficient clean and yes bbit shabby but what did you pay.All in all great hotel , mainly working men in week (dont know about weekends) but will certainly be using again whaen next staying in the area, cant find that sort value out of London let alone in	
Nov 20 2008 	This was OK and a great price	I stayed here with my daughter who was attending an event at Lee Valley Ice Rink - about 1 mile down the road. I read the reviews but gave it a try for its convenient location. Check In was very quick with the voucher printed from the website we used. We were directed to the other wing across the street where our room was located - we had asked for a quiet room and it was.The room itself was clean and warm with a TV, fridge, kettle with cups, coffee and tea etc. The Bathroom was also clean with soap, shower gel and even a bidet! The towels were on the electric towel rail.We went looking for food and ate an excellent meal at a Chinese takeaway/restaurant just up the road which was great value.Breakfast was in the main building and we got a table straight away but we were early. There were cereals, breads, juice, coffee. tea etc and apart from a small wait for the toaster no problems. I've used most chain budget hotels and this was average.After breakfast we asked to check out and were told to just leave the room keycard at the desk in the annexe and went on our way.Some reviewers have complained about the location. I have to say that despite being on the edge of London it has excellent Bus connections either direct to Oxford Street (60 mins) or to the Tube (10 mins).\We will use this motel again. Excellent value for London.	
Aug 28 2008 	Not such a good hotel	The hotel is located quite far from the city center, it takes you 20 minutes walking (otherwise 3 bus stops) to get to the undergroud station, and then another 20 minutes on the train to get to the part of the city you want to visit. Furthermore, the undergrpound stop is located in London zone 3, so you need to include this zone in your tube ticket. Besides, the whereabouts are very dark and it seems to be a very bad zone of the city. The positive thing is that the reception is open 24hrs (we checked in at 01h00 am because our plane was delayed).The rooms are divided in 2 separate buildings (you need to cross the road to get from one bulinding to the other), and they don't seem particularly clean. The breakfast is the standard hotle breakfast.Ok, it's cheap, but i reckon you can find much bette for the same price.	
Aug 4 2008 	Does the job	We stayed at the Sleeping Beauty for a family wedding and it provided exactly what we wanted - somewhere clean to sleep near to the reception. And all for the bargain price of £40!!Clearly for that sort of money you are not going to get the Ritz but we had a clean bed and a simple breakfast. A few people have complained about the area and whilst it is a scruffy part of London the hotel is on a well lit main road and we felt perfectly safe.If for any reason you need a hotel in the East part of London I would happily reccomend the Sleeping Beauty although if you looking for a nice London city break to visit the traditional sites I would suggest a more central (and expensive) location.	
Jul 8 2008 	I expected more	I really expected more. I did not like the neighbourhood at all (very dark and dangerous). The room seemed clean, but carpets where dirty and the bathroom was not always clean. Blankets and sheets were shabby. The window had a problem and we could not close it firmly. I also hated the really bad smell around the corridors. The breakfast was simple , but for the money it was Ok. I would not recommended it.	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic Price and a Fantastic Stay!	I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor before staying at the Sleeping Beauty Motel - some good, some not so good.The first impression I got was satisfactory. The gentleman who served me at reception when I checked in was a bit unconversational, but professional nonetheless. Frankly this didn't matter too much, I was just anxious to get into my room after such a long train journey.Thankfully when I got to my room (room 326) I was pleasantly surprised to find it was not only very cheap, but clean and tidy with an en-suite, fridge, tea &amp; coffee facilities, tv, desk, hairdryer, trouser press and free wifi, all for £45. Compared to other hotels and their prices in London, I thought this was fantastic.The local amenities are close by, including a Tesco, Woolworths, KFC and Wetherspoons and a variation of local business. Local buses ran past the hotel to Walthamstow Tube Station regularly. Its a 15 minute walk from the tube station to the hotel, however if you don't feel like walking, take the number 69 or 257 bus and it'll take you straight to the hotel in 2 minutes!My first impression of the area was a little dodgy - immediately outside the tube station was a preacher condemning us all to hell, and a tourettes sufferer shouting 'cheese', but a few days staying there, I actually found I may have misjudged it a bit. The residents of the area were actually very friendly and welcoming.I definately recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget, as compared to other hotels, you get a lot for your money - a place to sleep, watch tv and even access your email. I'll definately be using this hotel again upon my next journey to London.	
May 23 2008 	Very nice hotel- good price	We stayed at other hotels in London for the same price and they were terrible and filthy! At the Sleeping Beauty it's nice and clean, newly renovated and at a good price. As long as you are aware you can't get 5 star conditions paying for 2 star hotel, then everything is just fine.The linen was clean, the bathroom fully functional, aswell as the refrigerator and the heating. The doors and windows close well, and we didn't encounter any problem in our staying there. I would go there again.The breakfast is included but for someone used to eat at breakfast you need to get something extra.Both buildings are renovated, at this moment.	
Apr 29 2008 	Not recommneded	We arrived at this hotel and well it was not exactly amazing. The air in the reception was rather stuffy...and the check in was slightly impersonal!The lift up to the rooms was large enough for two people - as long as you were not claustrophobic!!The room appeared clean..but very warm. However on closer inspection the sheets had small holes in them and the towels were very thin and scruffy.On arrival we wanted to put some snacks in our fridge and valuables in the safe. However when we asked the receptionist if we required a code as they did not appear to work we were informed that they just in general did not work. Hardly a satisfying response.Breakfast was meager but I guess it did to get you started in the morning.	
Apr 2 2008	great	never had any problems. clean,tidy and vaule for money	
Jan 22 2008 	Sleeping Beauty?!!	When we booked this we didnt expect what we got as there wasnt any pictures up at the time off booking.The heating in the room wasnt very good... considering there was a big gap at the bottom off the door which let out all off the heat. We had also asked for a twin room... so we expected two singles beds but instead we got a double and a single.Also with the mini fridge our key must have already snapped inside of the lock as we only got the broken end to try and open it with which was slightly hard to use.We got placed on the other side off the road away from the main complex and there was building work going out right outside our window which was rather noisy first thing in the morning.There wasnt much to choose for breakfast as you got toast and cereal, but we found a little cafe down the road which did a full english breakfast.As it appeared to be out in the sticks it was a bit off a drive from London City Airport but we got a cab from the airport which was fine.	
Jan 19 2008 	Worst Expericne of staying in a hotel Ever	As I entered hotel I was welcomed by the persistent smell of smoke, General uncleanliness, Even though I had booked a non smoking room, the room was smelly enough to make me sick and rush to open windows for a breath of fresh air .The presence of ashtray confirmed that it is not a non smoking room. Spoke to the reception regarding this and they were not able to help me but to change my room to another room which was even worst than the first one.I also would like to mention breakfast which was not up to the mark, All I can say is that if you stay in this hotel you will be surprised, but believe me it will not be a pleasant one.I had the worst night of my life in that hotel and I checked out the very next morning.	
Jan 2 2008	good value	It isn't the most luxurious place in the world but we were visiting relatives over the new year and it filled the bill. The rooms were clean if a little shabby, there was plenty of hot water and the bathroom was very clean. Breakfast was adequate. The place is in a good location, the staff were polite, there wasa Tv. tea and coffee and the parking was excellent, plenty of spaces just outside the back door. We stayed in a luxury hotel in London once and the parking was £40.00 per day and about half a mile away. All in all, quite OK, just don't go expecting a luxury break.	
Nov 11 2007 	Unlucky stay.	I hadn't read reviews as there weren't any when I booked the sleeping beauty. It's quite a walk to the tube station so in warmer months it would be fine, but in January it killed me! My complaints are that the central heating didn't work, only cold shower water, and a bit too far out of the way. I asked to change rooms, or have the problems looked at but they didn't care and at that time of year it wasn't possible..no rooms left.Incredibly cheap, but I expected a little more hospitality.	
Jun 16 2007 	fine	Great location.Other reviews are unfair as what do you expect for the price???Breakfast was fine - again - value for money.Only complaint was the shower consequitely ran cold.Otherwise a good little find.	
Mar 19 2007 	Not as bad as previous reviews said	On the whole it was a plesant stay. The area wasnt as rough as other reviews lead me to believe, all though it is about a mile walk from the nearest station. I thought that the rooms were a little grubby the room i thought they needed a lick of paint and the chest of draws were a bit old and needed to be skipped. I stayed in the east room which is across the road, which is not in the main hotel and i was slightly put off about this as i have read in other reviews that it has lack security, but the it there was only acces via the front door with a valid card only.Breakfast is not as continetal as i though u have a choice of toast of corngflakes. its just a couple fo toasters on the pool table in the bar area, you pick some bread and thats about it. But i mean for the price i paid 120 for 3 nites with two people what do you expect. if your hungrey theresa a kfc,kebab/curry house/ chineese and a weatherspoons pub within a 5 min walk up the high street. i would give this 2.5 as it wasnt too bad, i would come back again.	
Feb 26 2007	avoid unless homeless !!!!	Very dodgy area of East london (Leyton)The first sight of the bullet-proof glass around the reception should have given it away !!!Then there were people virtually fighting in the reception area. The staff on reception seemed to have an attitude of 'we're ok behind this glass' I don't care about you.I felt unsafe, it felt more like a 'homeless hostel.(no disrespect to homeless people) When we eventually got to our room, I've never been in a room so filthy and disgusting.We phoned around and managed to get a night in a local travel inn.We immediately left and asked for our money back, which they gave us, BUT two weeks later they took the money back from my credit card. I thought this was illegal, but the booker 'active hotels' sent me some small print and said they had every right, even though I never stayed there. As I used a debit card, I could not claim it back .I threatend to take them to court but both the hotel and active hotels attitude was 'go ahead, we don't care !!' so I gave up in the end, for the sake of £49.My advice is SLEEP IN A BUS SHELTER, you will have a better time !	
Feb 23 2007	Great value very clean	We arrived at the Sleeping Beauty by bus. IT was easy to find, roughly 5 mins bus ride from Walthamstow tube station. We both thought the hotel looked good, and the reception looked brilliant. Checking in was hard, as I couldnt undertstand the receptionist. I asked several times what she meant, and it took me a while to get it!!!! Well other than that it was fine, and i thought the hotel was clean and well decorated. Our room was very very large, and the bathroom was huge!!! the room was very clean, and we thought it was brilliant!!! The view was great - we could see Canary wharf from our bedroom window!!! The bar is great - £1 for half a lager which is great!! There is a great cheap little cafe jus up the room, full english breakfast for £4! So as you can read, we enjoyed our stay. I think for £30 for 2 people, its great value. I would happily pay £45 for the room, anymore than that and itl be a bit expensive. The location is ok for us, near the tube if you dont mind walking a distance. But if booking this hotel, you should check the distance is ok. But there are lots of bars, restaurants, shops and bus stops nearby. One small negative is the noise, just a few cars but it didnt bother us. When my head hit the pillow I went straight off to sleep, so it really was sleeping beauty!!! One other downside is maybe the bed should be replaced, very squeaky but still comfortable.	
Feb 6 2007 	Steer Well Clear At All Times!!!!!!!	Oh My God!!! I have NEVER seen anything as awful in my life! I needed somewhere to stay new years eve for 2 nights in the east side of london. As it was a late booking i knew i couldnt be too choosy if i wasnt prepared to pay through the nose!50 pounds a night and i knew it was 2 star but i did not expect a concentration camp.When i arrived, like someone else said i parked up unloaded my car in the pouring rain to be told i was over the road. So i checked in loaded the car again drove over road parked and found my room.. well i say found.. as i got near it at 5pm!!! a cleaner with a cigarette hanging from her mouth told me my room was not cleaned yet and i could not have it&quot;... I replied that is was 5pm and i was told i could check in from 2pm so i was having my room and i would wait.SHOCK HORROR! this was the worst thing ever. I have taken pictures but need the wire to get them from my phone. I sat there and cried within 15 minutes! I was facing a residential street with no nets and my curtains didnt pull together properly. The telephone table was the phone on the floor .. the beds were 2 singles and i ordered a double. The desk was a piece of 4x2 nailed to the wall. The &quot; mini bar &quot; was classic. a mouldy fridge with nothing in it. Then i had the ironing board of all ironing boards. The cloth was grey and it was brown where it had been burnt. never in my life have i been greeted by anything so bad.. and i have stayed in some budget places before!!I called the company i booked it with and they spoke to the manager who said i could go as they had had a flood and no more rooms to put me in. It all came clear when i saw the sign when checking out saying.&quot; Once Checked In No Refunds Will Be Given&quot; ...says it all really doesnt it.I then got on my phone to a friend who had internet access to find me another hotel in london.. anywhere.. any price just to get me out... i ended up in docklands and it was plain simple clean but welcoming... I now know more than ever that sometimes its worth paying that little bit more	
Jan 8 2007 	don't go unless u have no choice	I went there on 27th November,2006. The lobby was ok. But I was put in the building opposite to the main building. I felt unsafe to stay in that room as everyone can access that area. I could even hear people around my room. The room was unexpectedly small. Hot water supply was unstable. I had to take a pretty cool shower in winter. The bed sheet was old, there was only one pierced towel in a double room. the breakfast was terrible. It's location was quite far away from the tube station, like 10 minutes walk. People even suggested me to take bus to get there from tube station. It costed me 1.5 pds more on transport...please notice that is already the last station in that tube line.....but u still have to take a bus or 10 minutes walk....The staff there was nice when I checked in. But then, I forgot my glasses in their hotel. The staff there refused to post it back to me. I have been telling them I 'm living far away from London but they still asked me to pick it up myself even I said I'll pay for the postage. The lady was rude when talking to me on phone and kept refusing to post me my glasses. The manager kept saying it's not his responsibility and asked me to call the loss and found dept. Finally a staff offered to bring my glasses to me but then he gave my glasses to his friend. And now I still cannot contact so called his FRIEND to get my glasses back. I lost my glasses there which is the most costly experience in my trip to London.Avoid staying there.	
Jan 4 2007 	Don't be fooled by the name	We checked in after long flight from australia, all looked ok in reception, however, we were put in a room across the road right next to the train line No security door was locked, car park was open to public, room was disgraceful, curtains were filthy as was bed linen and despite the room claiming to be non-smoking, it was clearly not. The safe lock had been picked. Staff were friendly enough and we managed to get a refund.	
Nov 27 2006 	What a dump in a dump area of London	Ok - we only paid £92.50 for three nights (one night free with Octopus Travel), so we didn't expect much having read the reviews. And do know what, for another couple of hundred quid per room it could have been brought up to a PremierTravel Inn standard room..From the outside the initial look of the building/s is one of being quite new, (although we were put in the block over the main road), On entry into the building and into the lift - so far so good. On entering the room - yuk. Although the room is cheap, (should you really have to put up with appalling furniture and fittings/decor??), by London standards the following could have easily been rectifed as mentioned above:Two cups for drinks with big chips on the lips of both cupsWall paper either hangin off/torn and badly stainedTowels so threadbare they were like rags and just full of holes and large rips as if they had been attacked with knivesA smiley face burnt with ciggies in the shower curtainNo hot water one evening (cold shower in November - brrrr)Old curtains for bedspreadsManky ripped bedbasePillows covered in human hair inside the pillowcaseCurtains hanging down and barely held up with bits of wireThin wallsToilet roll holder hanging off and plaster dust forming a plie on the floorbathroom sink cracked and looks as if it has been thrown at the wall and fixed at the angle it landed at.Room very warm even for winter, and no sign off being able to regulate it.All the staff are eastern european and we didn't risk &quot;continental breakfast&quot; as I had already read the terrible reviews of it. We had a Wetherspoons breakfast one day at a pub just 50 yards away callled The Drum but that wasn't very good either. Ended up getting breakfast in London Town each day.The best thing (and one of the main criteria for booking) was the free parking - plenty of it.Got a number 48 bus outside to Walthamstow Central for the tube.The area we saw is grim to say the least, (Leyton and Walthamstow) and we found it a very intimidating place at night. One day a load of youths stormed onto the bus and put scarves over their faces and pulled hoods up- thought we were going to get mugged. As I said before, should we really have to put up with such dire facilities just because it is cheap??If I was you, I would look elsewhere as this really is the pits. Something between stalag 13 and prison.	
Nov 16 2006	Ehhh	Well first off the hotel is approximately 60 minutes in a cab from London Heathrow airport, which comes out to be about a 80 pound ride. You can take the tube to get there but that also requires taking a bus for 15 minutes as well. The front desk is rude. Rooms were larger than I expected and generally clean with terribly old furniture. Mini fridge in room. The area that the motel is located in is not a very nice part of London. I was told by the cab driver not to walk around after dark and to be very cautious. Since it is East London and not Central London, things are significantly cheaper. Convenience stores nearby as well as internet cafes and fast food. Overall, I don't think I would ever stay here again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Basic Accomodation in good location	Not very impressed. The safe in the room had been vandalised and looked like someone had probably broken in, therefore would not recommend leaving valuables in room. The single bed was soaking wet, looked like a leak from the ceiling. What appalled me was that a member of staff must have known about this because the top cover of the bed was dry. Also a bedside cabinet was missing and one of the bath towels was ripped. To me that is unacceptable. Despite this though the service we had after informing them was good and we were moved straight away to a better room.Location I agree was ideal for the city with the underground station within easy walking distance.It was okay for a nights stay but don't expect quality accomodation	
Aug 17 2006 	Good value for money at the Sleeping Beauty	I stayed here for 3 nights while travelling around England - the rest of my holiday was spent in motels belonging to the main 'travel' chains. The decor at the SB was shabby compared to the other places I stayed but apart from that there was little to choose between this independent and the chains - apart from the price. Situated outside the London congestion charge zone and with free parking - and a nightly rate about 1/3 less than the chains - I reckon I saved about £100 over the 3 nights.The beds here were the most comfortable I stayed in throughout the trip; there was a fan in the room (not all the motels I stayed in had a fan) plus hairdryer, trouser press, TV and tea/coffee tray. The room and bathroom were clean; sheets and towels were changed daily and basic toiletries were provided. Breakfast was served downstairs - do-it-yourself toast with butter and jam (get down early to avoid the queue for the toaster), cornflakes, orange juice, tea, coffee and milk. I didn't use the bar - it was a smoking area - but the staff there were friendly and helpful and gave me a glass full of ice when my son twisted his knee. The Reception staff were equally friendly and helpful.Leyton itself is a typical 'poorer' London suburb - very multi-racial with lots of interesting food shops and eating places. We found everybody very friendly. It is about a 20 min walk to the Tube station (I am a very slow walker) but the trains run every few minutes and take about 20 mins to the centre of London.I would definitely stay there again. especially if I were taking the car, and would recommend it to anyone who is travelling on a budget.	
Apr 9 2006	Tolerable	The Sleeping Beauty Motel was right in the spot that I needed to stay and, for London, it was reasonably priced. I stayed there for a week and was underwhelmed with the facilities and the service, but nothing was so bad that I would spend the considerably more money required to stay somewhere else nicer.	
Nov 28 2005	only if you can't find anywhere else to stay	The only good thing about this hotel is was that it was better than nothing, and every where else was full.Dirty reception but to be fair the rooms were clean if you don't really look that hard. Shower and bath badly stained looked like new carpets though i wouldn't say the same with the bed covers, quite shabby and a bit grubby. Breakfast was a joke orange juice, tea, coffee cereal and bags of tescos sliced. Everyone arrived together and it was like school diners .I would say that it loooked like a lot of dss families are put off there and the kids were VERY hungry. Only a few crusts left when we got to the toaster and that had been handled....yuk	
May 22 2005 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. AVOID!	Of all the hotels I have stayed in, and that includes hotels in Eastern Europe shortly after the communist era ended, this is the worst. The rooms were filthy, the bathroom carpet was urine-stained and stank, our supposedly &quot;non-smoking&quot; room stank of cigarettes and had cigarette burns all over the furniture, half the &quot;amenities&quot; provided in the rooms didn't work properly and the bath drain was blocked. The breakfast provided (pre-packaged and found in the fridge) was pathetic. To anyone thinking of staying here, I'd say: AVOID at all costs. Spend a bit more and stay somewhere clean instead.	
Apr 19 2005	Even better the second time around!!!	ACE! Even better the second stay. Ace employees, ace service, would recommend to anyone (especially those with a small budget :o) Low prices with TOP LEVEL service and accomodation!RRHampton Roads, Virginia USA	
Nov 23 2004	Best service I've ever had!	I arrived early A.M. on a Wednesday morning to a very polite desk clerk. I wasn't feeling well so he gave me a more expensive room than I paid for in the main building so I wouldn't have to move across to the annex (even though I had a hired chauffer who could very well have helped me). He, the clerk, then helped me with my luggage and made certain I was happy with the room before leaving me. The safe had easy to follow directions for use and I could chose my own code to use. The fridge was stocked with fresh milk and the cupboard with croissants and cereal. These were replaced fresh daily during my 4 week stay. I found the entire staff to be very friendly and courteous. The maids were exceptional and my room and bathroom were kept pristine clean. I was treated like I've never been treated before at even a posh hotel. The Sleeping Beauty has the right name, it is indeed more than the eye beholds. I plan on using the accomodations when I return next year. I give them AAAA++++.	
Apr 11 2004	Not too bad	I didnt book ahead but actually turned up on the day. i found the lady at the reception to be fairly polite and after recieving my key card made my way to my room.the room isnt the most spacious but it isnt cramped either. everything seemed clean and tidy. the fridge was looked but lukily i had a key on me that opened the lock. the safe on the other hand didnt work but i was only there for one night and had no luggage so therefore this didnt really bother me. the bath wasnt sparkling but was clean however the towel heaters didnt work.their was a nice sonic shower which was very relaxing.overall id give the sleeping beauty 3/5 because it is the cheapest hotel iv seen in london which includes shower/bath,tv,breakfast,most importantly is clean. there are no strict check in times so i was able to check in at a very early time in the morning which i couldnt do at some of the posh hotels. for the price you pay this hotel is well sound for those only lookin for a short stay.	
Dec 29 2003	Rudeness and Inefficiency	When I checked into the Sleeping Beauty for a single night's stay, quite exhausted after a very trying day, the desk manager ignored my VISA and demanded cash. Although I'd made a reservation by telephone earlier that evening, no mention had been made of this, but apparently their credit card reader was broken. Fair enough, but his tone was curt, and he offered no other alternative. So off to the nearest cash point I went. When I returned and paid, he didn't give me a receipt, nor offer any help with my bags, nor was there any welcome information. The room was plainly decorated, as expected for the price in London. It was fairly clean, and contained two electric heaters (just as well..,) small television, a kettle, tea, coffee, and biscuits, a hair drier, trouser press, safe, clothes iron, and fridge. Ensuite bathroom had shower, WC, bidet, washbasin. Didn't test any of these. Pulled back the covers, switched on the tv, and decided to check the contents of the fridge, as this is where they leave your continental breakfast supplies in advance. Fridge was locked, and no key to be found. Tried to put my laptop in safe whilst I went to sort it out, but safe wouldn't open. Rang reception, and told to try opening the fridge with a spoon, and given a code for the safe. This code didn't work either. Fridge still wouldn't open, and not wanting to force it, I decided to change rooms. Went to reception. Politely asked for receipt and a new room. Politeness not returned. Duty manager took me back to room (no help with bags,) saying along the way how embarrassed he was, but that I should not have come to reception, should have 'phoned instead. When I told him I had, and what the response had been, he muttered something about &quot;that guy&quot; being new. When we got to the room he looked long and hard at the unmade bed, in silence, until I explained that I'd been just about to get into it. Then he opened the fridge (with a spoon,) but failed with the safe. With all the politeness I could muster, I again asked for a different room where everything I'd paid for worked, and reminded him that I'd still not got a receipt. He was very curt and rude in his reply, but with much sighing and huffing took me to a different room... opened the fridge with a spoon, and failed to get the safe to work. He suggested that since I had a room and breakfast, I should be grateful and not give him any more hassle, and that if I didn't like it I could just take my money back and go elsewhere. (This reads much more polite and helpful than it actually was.) I expressed sympathy for the embarrassing situation, to which he replied that what was embarrassing was trying to please me when I was being so ungrateful. When he got to the bit about me turning down the bed in my original room, and actually said &quot;You're not allowed to do that,&quot; I'd had enough, so asked for my refund. Back to reception (no help with bags, no apologies, no explanations even, in fact, he didn't even walk with me, but rushed ahead.) When I finally struggled through the doors with my bags, he slapped my £50 cash on the desk, and said, &quot;Take your money and go.&quot; So ended my brief stay in the Sleeping Beauty. There are no other hotels nearby that I know of, and I used to live in the area. I had to ring a friend for a sofa for the night. Now I may have been overtired and not as polite as I'd tried to be, and he may have had a very rough day, and they may have had only an untrained skeleton staff, but please, is it rude or unfair to expect the stuff in your room to work, or to expect a bit of civility, or to expect that when the reservations clerk tells you that its a 24/7/365 facility, there might be someone there who has a fridge key? As I left, I had to wonder how many suckers had been through that room before me, paid in advance, in cash, no receipt, been unable to get to their breakfast next morning, and left as dissatisfied as I with the attitude of the staff? Indeed, just how old was the breakfast in that fridge?	
Oct 25 2009 	médiocre !!!		
Oct 14 2009 	non aspettatevi molto		
Oct 7 2009 	super für junge Leute		
May 2 2009 	ottimo		
Aug 13 2008 	hotel trop excentre		
May 29 2008 	Quelle horreur!		
Dec 25 2007 	Che disastro lo Sleeping Beauty Motel		
Apr 4 2007 	Bruchbude...außen hui innen pfui		
