	Great hotel!	The hotel manager was very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and very well equipped. It was quiet but with 100 yards of great restaurants and bars. There are also lots of local shops. Perfect location for travel in and around London. EXPEDIA hadn't booked us in - even though we had had a confirmation! The Manager sorted all of this out for us - completely hassle free. I would suggest booking direct - with as much notice as possible as this is a busy cool hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location warning about rooms	The hotel location was great for us. The neighborhood has many great restaurants and mini-marts within a 5 block walk. It's less than a 10 minute walk to two tube stations and to Hyde park. If you have little ones, you're right next to the Diana Memorial Playground in Hyde Park, which is so popular that sometimes there is a queue to get in. It's not near the major tourist areas (the museums, shopping, Eye of London, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben), but most can be accessed via the tube, a GBP 10-15 taxi ride, or a 20-30 minute stroll through Hyde Park.While the rooms range in size, many are quite large by London standards, with a good amount of storage, a full kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, fridge, and washer/dryer packed into each unit. [The *SLOWEST* washer/dryer I've seen. Each load took about 5 hours!]The hotel does not provide much service. No pool, no food, no fitness, nothing. While the person at the front desk was friendly, think of it more as an apartment than a full-service hotel. As such, the hotel does not serve any food. With a full kitchen, and so many places nearby to eat, this was not a problem for us. [Pret a Manger, around the corner on Queensway, was a good place for breakfast, with real drip coffee and good pastries and sandwiches.]One warning with this hotel: since it is a renovated apartment, not built originally as a hotel, each room is different. Some are much better than others. So if you care which rooms you will stay in, you need to confirm with hotel which rooms are the available. The rooms are listed by number of people allowed. While rooms for more people *tend* to be bigger, there are some 2-person rooms that are bigger than some 3 person apartments. They are upfront about this, and their website lists the size of each room.The only serious problem we encountered was with the initial room we were assigned. They have three &quot;quadruple&quot; rooms. While the name sounds good (better than a triple, right?), the rooms have a mezzanine level, with the bed on an upper level with a very steep and narrow staircase-of-death without any side protection going up to the bed. And the ceiling is only about 3 feet above the bed. If you book a Triple, they might try to put you in the &quot;quadruple&quot; without telling you. Which is what they did to us, with a 2-year old that loves climbing stairs. It took 30 minutes of arguing and threatening to sue before we got a different room, one that was more appropriate to a child. So if you don't want this room, you need to check which room you are getting and check their website.While this hotel probably deserves 5*, I can't bring myself to do that, since they tried to put us into the quadruple room. Eventually we did change, to a very nice triple, but if we couldn't have moved it would have ruined the stay.	
Nov 4 2009 	Made our London experience great	We enjoyed our stay at the Space Apart Hotel from the moment we arrived.The rooms were extremely clean. The kitchenettes were fully equipped, even in the smaller of our 2 rooms.Yes, the rooms are small . . . this is London . . . but they are far superior when compared to similar lodgings we have had in New York, Tokyo or Paris.Though our rooms were in the basement, both were bright.Location is excellent, only a few minutes walk from 2 of the main underground lines. Restaurants, grocery stores, small shops abound. And on Saturday within not-so-far walking distance from the market on Portobello Road.When we next visit London, we hope to stay here again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic - clean modern and central!	This place is great, we had a basement apartment with a small outside area. It was very clean and available when we arrived early at 1pm. The appliances are clean and modern and in the apartment we had, an excellent use of space in the bathroom/wet room. You too can have a shower at the same time as having a wee!! Great location, few mins walk to Bayswater, few mins more to Queensway on the Central Line. We also walked to Paddington on our way home rather than brave the rush hour on the tube or in a taxi. This was very do-able even with a 6yr old in tow (who had walked round London all day). Really helpful guys on reception - even throwing in a few tips for our next trip to Dublin!! All in all, a great place to stay.	
Oct 26 2009	Wonderful Accomadation	Stayed here for the last 4 nights .The apartment was excellent although there was 2 of us,we got a triple size apart. It was really worth the extra money, We had a 36&quot; plasma screen tv, electric tilting bed and all the mod cons of modern living. Sean the manager was very helpful and pleasant,and the location was great. Would highly recommend this hotel. The only downside is that there is no housekeeping service. You are SELF CATERING all the way. No fresh towels, toilet tissue,or room freshening.	
Oct 21 2009 	What more could you ask for?	We travelled down to London in October for a short getaway and booked into the Space Apart hotels through a 3rd party. We fully researched the hotel and what to expect, we were not disappointed! We originally booked a small studio for a very reasonable London price, however upon arrival we were upgraded free of charge to a larger room which was very well received by both of us. The room was as expected with LCD TV, ipod docking station, dvd player, modern well furnished kitchen &amp; washing machine.Having a kitchen allowed us the flexibility to eat in as well as out and (as we were on a budget) this is exactly what we needed. The hotel is conveniently located near to Bayswater &amp; Queensway tube stations allowing quick and easy access to central London / all relevant tourist sites.Overall, we would 100% recommend this hotel for short and long stay travellers.....well worth the price!	
Oct 18 2009 	Awesome place	The rooms are small but very well designed and contain all that you need including kitchen, washer/dryer, free local calls with your own direct dial number, free wi-fi and satelitte tv. Very centrally located in zone 1 of London, 5 minutes from the Bayswater tube station which is only one stop from Paddington if you are coming in from Heathrow. Building is quiet but with loads of shops, restuaurants and markets to be handy. Only 5 min walk to Hyde Park for those who want some green space. 	
Sep 4 2009 	Fabulous - will stay here again	I stayed at Space Apart Hotel with my husband and 15-month old son, and we greatly enjoyed our stay. The location was a short walk from the Bayswater tube station on the popular Circle Line, and there were loads of restaurants, takeaways, shops, grocery stores, bakeries, etc nearby. The room was super clean, had all the amenities, and was plenty big for a baby cot. Our son had plenty of room to play, which is a big consideration for us. Dave and Sean were very helpful and whenever we needed anything - extra towels, sheet for baby cot - it arrived almost immediately. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 26 2009 	Just a couple of hiccups but otherwise almost perfect!	To start off I am a relatively frequent traveler and one of the things i do before a trip is an extensive hotel research. That being said I have a list of priorities places i look for must meet. First is cleanliness and finding out that the hotel has been recently refurbished and not on a major strip tells me that it hasn't seen too many people so everything should be pretty new. Next is decor. It is modern yet comfortable and has almost everything one might need like washer/dryer, kitchen, dining table, 2 large built in closets and plenty of room to walk around. Another important quality is location. The area described seemed to be quiet, but near plenty of restaurants, super markets, boutique stores, bus stops, 3 underground stations, and a mall (for those rainy days). Portobello Market is within a 10 minutes walk and so is Hyde Park and Kensington Park. Although this hotel is not ranked high at all it sure beat many other hotels i have stayed at. I know the reason is that it is more of a self service apartment than a &quot;hotel&quot; but the things i tend to look for in a good quality and relatively low priced places this one sure fits. So about our experience... our flight to Heathrow was delayed by 2 hrs, which was kind of a good thing because we would've arrive way too early for check in and knowing we'd be exhausted it was better to just get in close to check in time of 2 pm. We arrived at the hotel exactly at 2 after about an hour of commute from the airport. Here's where the first of the hiccups occurred... our room wasn't ready! So we left our bags there and was told to come back in 20 mins. We decided to go get some groceries at a nearby market and returned in 20 just to wait again for about another 25. The receptionist was nice and explained they were very busy that morning. I completely understand these things happen but i just was so tired. Then the receptionist takes our luggagges up and to go check on the progress then came back with good news and led us up an elevator. We found the room to be front facing, very clean and quite adorable. It was the premium which is one up from standard, which only difference is extra space. The kitchen was wonderful had everything you'd need but a coffee making machine, which was ok since there are soo many patisseries and coffee shops, plus 2 starbucks around. The next hiccup was the towels. They were dingy, kinda damp and smelled mildewy. But I solved that problem by throwing it into the washer. Oh note on washer/dryer... it washes clothes fine but doesn't dry so well. I guess it's the dual function thing which I just fixed by hanging everything up to air dry. Another side note, they do not provide dish washing liquid or laundry detergent but you can get the cheapo brand around the corner. Oh and our room didn't come with ipod dock as listed in room amenities but we had our laptop to play music from so no problems there. Plus they have a dvd library in lobby free of charge. They also have a great outdoor terrace on our floor(4th) that we sat out with a bottle of wine one night. It was lovely.All in all this was a fantastic place to stay and I will make it home base for all my future trips to London.	
Aug 20 2009 	The perfect place for us	We arrived on 12th of August 2009 to London, on Heathrow airport. From there we have taken the Heathrow express to Paddington station and then went with the tube one station to Bayswater underground station. From there we walked to the Space Apart hotel about 3 minutes.The Apart Hotel is situated near Kensington gardens. There are 2 underground stations at 3-5 minutes walk from the hotel. One is Bayswater that gives you access to Circle Line and District Line and the other station is Quensway which is on the Central Line. The rooms are clean and modern with fully equipped kitchen, dishes, microwave oven, dish washing machine, cloth washing machine,iron,iron table,fridge, flat screen TV, DVD player, ipod Player and FREE and FAST internet wireless connection. The bathroom is clean and the pressure is great for both cold and hot water. We stayed in room 403 which is on the 4th floor (the top level) and we enjoyed our mornings coffee and cigarettes (as both of us are smokers) on a very nice common terrace. This was really a great &quot;feature&quot; for us. The Hotel has a nice elevator so you don't have to worry about getting your luggage up the stairs.We enjoyed our evenings with DVD movies. There are a lot of good movies that you can take into your room and watch them on the flat TV for free.The room was quite and nobody really bothered us. The window is wide opening and you also have air conditioning if you need.The surroundings are very nice, so are the people. There are a few groceries stores like Sainsbury's, Tesco Express and Tesco Metro around in 5-10 minutes walk distance from where you can buy all you need in order to have your lunch or breakfast ready.Overall the Space Apart Hotel is nice and cosy and Sean and Dave were very nice and helpful during all our stay.If we get back to London, will go back there for sure!Hope this was helpful and enjoy your trip!Alexandru &amp; Ailin	
Aug 18 2009 	U2 concert and fun in London	We regularly visit London and normally stay in the Victoria area but we fancied a change this time around.I throughly enjoyed my stay here recently with my husband whilst we were in town for the U2 concert at Wembley (which was amazing by the way!). The Space Apart Hotel was equally as good! We stayed in room 202 and it had everything that you needed and far more than any hotel room in London for similar or slightly higher price. The room was spotless from bathroom to the fridge and clean towels and toiletries were also provided. The room had more home comforts than we have at home, including a remote controlled reclining bed, very nice. The finishing of the room was to a high standard as was the other areas of the hotel. Initially the room size indicated on the website and pictures had us worried about it being too cramped but this was not an issue with adequate space for two with lots of luggage. I was impressed to find a safe in the room as well as a fully equipped kitchen including dishwasher, washing machine, toaster, kettle, fridge and a fan operated microwave, oh and a hob! The staff were extremely friendly and down to earth providing us with excellent advice at various times. The hotel also offers a free DVD library for your use on those rainy days. The location was excellent for our stay in particular as we wanted to stay in the Notting hill area close to Paddington, providing easy and fast access to both Wembley and Heathrow airport via public transport. The Space Apart Hotel is 5- 10 minutes stroll to Bayswater, Queensway and Notting hill Gate stations. There is plenty to see and do in the area ranging from Portobella road, Hyde Park, shopping, pubs, restaurants and cafes. We will certainly be staying here again on our regular visits to London as it offers excellent value for money.	
Aug 6 2009 	Bargain place to stay in London	My friend and I stayed at the Space Aparthotel from 9th-12th June 09. We were in London to see Britney Spears at the O2 which ended up a complete let down but thats another story!! The apartment was fantastic, we were so pleased we had chosen to stay there... Room was clean and modern, perfect for a few days away with the girls. We went into one of the pubs out on the main road in Bayswater and felt that it was a bit pretentious and expensive however the latter is to be expected in London. Whilst we were there the undergroud staff were on strike which proved a massive problem for us in terms of location however had the underground been on then this would not have been a problem... I would definately stay here again, but hopefully there will be no underground strike the next time :)	
Aug 5 2009 	Lots of space in great location	We enjoyed this hotel a great deal and would stay there again if we return to London. it is very modern, clean, conveniently located and reasonably priced. We found that many other hotels in London have higher rates even though they are dated and run-down. We stayed in the &quot;premium studio&quot; for a couple nights. The room was quite large for a hotel room. It was much like a studio apartment. Against one wall was the TV, DVD player and kitchen (zebra wood cupboards with all necessities, sink, dishwasher, fridge, cooktop). They also provide a little table with a couple chairs and a washer/dryer tucked into a closet. This is particularly handy for those staying longer than just a couple days as I understand they do not provide daily linen service. The bathroom is very clean and modern with a great rainhead shower and heated towel rack. I discovered that the bed was even motorized. You can use a remote control to adjust the head up or down. Wireless internet was included. They even have a little collection of DVDs on the main floor for you to watch during your stay.The hotel is located near Queensway and Bayswater tube stations and is a very short walk from Notting Hill and Portobello Road. There are some great restaurants near the hotel. It is a refurbished Georgian building set back from the busy street. Although we took a 5 minute cab ride to Paddington station from the hotel on the morning we checked out, it was only because it was raining hard. I'm guessing it would have been about a 15 minute walk with our roller bags.The only issue that might be an inconvenience for some people is that they don't provide daily linen service. However, you are provided with a washer/dryer in your room. It wasn't an issue for us as we were only there for a couple days. Also, they do not have a group of people manning the front desk - no room service. However, we weren't there for room service and the fellow working the front desk was polite and helpful so we didn't feel we were missing anything.	
Jul 22 2009 	Self Catering with Style	This is a modern yet affordable alternative to hotels. Great for kids as the Lady Diana Playground in Kensington Gardens is only about 10 min walk away. Also great location for Portabello Rd Market. Sean, the manager, was very helpful and accommodating.	
Jun 29 2009 	Excellent Overall Experience	Went twice over the Christmas/New Year period of 2008/2009. Will be going again this September.Rooms were clean and big enough, location excellent, fully equipped kitchenette and in-room washing machine (!) were very useful, in-room internet access was great...Most of all the staff were fabulous - friendly, accommodating, helpful in the many little but important things. Thanks very much Klaus and Sean for everything! See you soon :)	
Jun 27 2009 	Clean modern hotel in a great location	I stayed here in August 2008 with my wife. The hotel had recently been renovated and was very clean. This is in a fantastic location for Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and close to a couple of underground stations. There are numerous food outlets (markets and restaurants) nearby. It is quite an expensive part of town but hey - It is London after all!The Cons: Toilet door a mix of transparent and frosted glass...not very romantic! The shower head is positioned in a way that made it difficult to breathe whilst showering.I definitely would stay here again though.	
Jun 17 2009 	Stylish Sexy and classy!!	I just adored this apart/hotel, it was so classy for our Ladies Trip to see Britney Spears!! The staff were so helpful to all our needs&amp; made our trip much more easier with all our questions &amp; singing ha haThe deco is beautiful &amp; so classy, a dream hoilday get away. 5 of us stayed and we had 2 triple Rooms, great views too, close to the tubes, shops&amp; the park.Will defo recommend this to all my freinds&amp;would love to come back with my partner!!	
May 26 2009 	Great Place to stay Local to everything	Would stay here again, in a great spot to the Bayswater Tube, nice resturants and bars around the hotel.Hotel clean and Trendy, staff very helpfull, room has all you need to cook for yourself, very well laid out.No need to take towels shampoo or shower gel all provided for you, anything you want to know just mail me and i will help as much as i can.Keep up the good work Space hotel	
Apr 24 2009 	My Kids Love the Clean and Modern Decor	I stayed here for four days with 2 preteen kids. Apart from it being a studio flat, I absolutely love it because it is still new and clean. Since I love to cook for my kids, the kitchennette was what I was after. But since it is a studio layout, I fear the food smell will stay on my work clothes. I took the apartment anyway because I wanted to exit from the previous apartment which I stayed in for 7days plus this one was very convenient and straight forward to book online. There is nothing sceptical about the whole procedure compared with one I was supposed to check into that same day (but I cancelled). This place is also far less noisy than my former lodging, got internet wifi and shops are plenty nearby including the cinema. I do not mind the the shower cubicle, it was bigger than most standard ones and though at first I was very uncomfortable about the monsoon type shower, but yes, the shower cap did help. However, it would be much more convenient for some people like me if we have a choice to hand hold the shower. It seems likely I may come back to stay again but since I love to try out new and cheaper lodgings to suit my budget at times, it will be some time then.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great place to stay	Spent 4 nights there last week (April 13th 2009). My friend and I each had a studio apartment. Well equipped, clean and I loved the decor. Staff were really friendly and helpful - I'd definitely recommend it as a good base for exploring London. Very handy for the tube and lots of pubs/restaurants/shops in the immediate vicinity	
Mar 26 2009 	Offers everything you're looking for in a London hotel	I stayed in Space for a weekend in March and was extremely impressed with both the rooms and the overall service . The personal service offered by the staff was by far the best ive experienced in any hotel. The managers Sean and Klaus were so helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Although there is no bar in the hotel, they were more than willing to recommend several bars and restaurants, the furthest of which was approx 10mins walk from the hotel. The decor while not to everyones taste was fantastic and makes quite an impression in comparison to the typical plain decor found in most hotels. I am planning on travelling to London quite a bit over the next few months and will definately be looking up Space again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Over-designed with little soul	I'm sure this would be a great place to stay if you were in London for a few nights and wanted to self-cater, but it wasn't a great choice for a single overnight - no bar, no breakfast facilities etc. Had a very distinctive design style which I found a bit overwhelming and soul-less. It also had my most hated hotel feature - a rain shower in a small cubical, meaning you can't avoid washing your hair whether you want to or not.	
Dec 21 2008 	Nice stylish hotel in great location with excellent staff	This is a nice hotel, recently remodeled in a contemporary design. All of the rooms are small furnished apartments. We were only able to get their smallest sized studio apartment (called a standard). They have an awesome virtual tour on their website. I noticed that most of the standard rooms are really designed to accomodate 1 person in the bed. I called ahead to request a room that had two nightstands and allowed ample area for two people to get in/out of the bed at night. They had 1 such room still available and were nice enough to say that while they couldn't guarantee it, they would try to hold one like that for me. When we arrived (a little early) they were just finishing cleaning the special room. Yay!MAIN ROOM/KITCHENETTEOur room (a standard room) had a bed, armoire, nightstands, flat screen TV, DVD player, table, chairs, kichenette with stovetop, microwave/oven, sink, electric kettle, refrigerator, plates, pots, utencils and glassware. BATHROOMThere was a small bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower. Soap, shampoo/conditioner, towels and a hair dryer were provided as well as few other things like cotton swaps, etc. PROS* centrally located - walk 5 minutes to 3 differnt tube lines* great location - walking distance to excellent food, pubs* great location - you're in a neighborhood with locals, it's not jammed full of tourists* kitchenette - I love having the fridge, kettle and stove. * Free wi-fi (some hotels charge $10/day for this* THE STAFF WERE AWESOME, FRIENDLY, EFFICENT* A good price compared to other options in the area* Adjustable bed to sit up while watching TV, using computer* Very clean, well kept and remodelled in 2007OK - I had to give the place 4 instead of 5 stars for the following (long winded) reasons:CONS* Really small sometimes illogical use of space. You can tell they did their best to fit what they could into the existing floorplan of the hotel during the remodel, but in some spaces there was less than 2 feet between the bed and a wall or a table. Our table and chairs were pretty much unusable, which made it hard to use them to eat (we gave up and ate in bed). The area between the toilet and icy window was about a foot and a half. The only mirror in the bathroom was above and behind the toilet (not the sink) which made it ackward to shave, apply makeup, brush teeth, etc. There was no actual door that closed off the bathroom, just a sliding glass door that didn't properly close. As we were staying for only a week this wasn't a huge deal, but if I were staying for 2 or 3 weeks I wouldn't like it.* Poor quality insulation made it really, really cold even with the heater on. The temps in Britain in the evening were between 20-30F. The windows had not been remodeled or weatherproofed and were so drafty as to make the room quite cold. The huge leeky window in the bathroom (about two feet from the toilet seat) was exceptionally bad and not a very pleasant place to have to visit in the middle of the night. &lt;BRRRRRRR!&gt;* Noisy if you are on the 1st floor/reception area (we had a lot of people coming and going at all hours who shouted as soon as they walked in the door. The front and hall doors were hinged so they always slammed closed - they need to install one of those mechanisms that gently closes the main door as many times this woke me up out of a deep sleep.* Bed linens were clean, but not of high quality material - kind of scratchy. I wouldn't note this but if you look at the pics on the hotel website, the linens look really high quality. They appear nice, but don't have a high thread count or good material. (Oh, and for US folks, they don't use a top sheet, only a bottom sheet + comforter which is a european style but just FYI)The cons were only a few and were easily worked around. Because of the excellent location, atmosphere and staff I would absolutely stay there again, but I would get the larger sized room on the 2nd or higher floor.	
Oct 28 2008 	Excellent Location	Excellent location, clean rooms, friendly staff, free wi fi, reasonably priced. You are situated 5 minutes from Hyde Park and about a 30 minute walk (few minutes on a tube) to Oxford Street. Plenty to do around the area.	
Oct 26 2008 	Hidden Gem in Central London	We stayed in Space Apart Hotel for 12 nights back in September. Initially we only booked for 5 nights as we were a bit wary because there were not any reviews for the hotel. Chanced upon this hotel in citybase apartments website. Turned out the hotel was one of our best experiences in Europe.1. The hotel is brand new – it was only opened in July, so it was really really clean! It is an apartment hotel and each room is smartly designed and comes with kitchen facilities, fridge, toaster, stove, kettle, dishwasher, washing machine + dryer, LCD TV, iPod dock, safety box. Perfect for us since we were travelling for 1 month (washing machine and dryer is a blessing!) We stayed for 5 nights in studio room for 100 pounds/night and the remaining in the larger one, premium room for 120 pounds/night. Very very reasonable rate in central London. Both are very comfortable rooms, but we will choose premium one in the future since it offers more space. 2. The service is fantastic! Sean and Zeev, the duty managers are excellent! Very friendly, helpful and accommodating. From the day when we made the booking with them (we booked through their website), the response is always quick. They really made a difference and made sure our stay in London is a memorable one. Our flight to London landed at 5 am so we reached the hotel by 8 am and they allowed us to check in with no questions asked. Similarly, our flights home is at 10 pm and they allowed us to check out at 4 pm. In fact they told us to stay as long as we like. Since we had to travel around Europe, we asked whether they could help us store our luggage for 3 days, and they said no problem, it’s free. They also upgraded us to triple room in our last 3 nights since they run out the premium room. 3. Location of the hotel is very central – about 5 minutes walk from Bayswater station on Circle Line. Although the hotel does not offer breakfast, there are a lot of eateries nearby. Our favourite is Nandos Portuguese Chicken around the corner and roast duck from Gold Mine Chinese restaurant. There are also few supermarkets and a mall nearby. Most of the time, we chose to buy food from Tesco or Marks &amp; Spencer and enjoyed our breakfast in our room. 4. For those who are very particular about cleanliness, the room is only cleaned once in seven days. It is no problem for us since we are relatively tidy and not in the hotel most of the time, but there is a big waste bin outside the hotel if you need throw rubbish that you don’t want to keep overnight.Overall, we will definitely stay in Space Apart in the future. For the price they offer, you usually get a small cramped room in B&amp;B in London. Even serviced apartment in central London is not this cheap. So this is definitely a HIDDEN GEM!	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved the ultra modern Space Apart Hotel	The Space Apart Hotel consists of luxury ultra modern serviced apartments. The serviced apartments are brand new and I first checked into the property shortly after it opened. I am very fastidious about accommodation and a seasoned traveller. My standards are high and this property delivered in spades. The Space Apart Hotel is located in a quiet street in Bayswater/Notting Hill. The property is an 8 minute easy walk to Kensington Gardens and Kensington Palace and a 12 minute walk to Kensington High Street. Absolutely everything is close at hand. It is a 4 minute walk to a Marks and Spencer and a Tesco Metro and a Waitrose. It is a 4 minute easy stroll to Bayswater station [District and Circle lines] and an 8 minute walk to Queensway station which is the Central line in case you want to get to Oxford Street. In addition there are numerous great eating options a few minutes walk away. The location of this property just can't be beaten whether you are a business traveller or a tourist. I booked a standard studio - this is just perfect for one person. The room had a double bed and 2 people could stay in the room but the hotel has much larger studios available for couples who want more space, and for families. The room was ultra modern and the finishes were contemporary and luxurious. The room contained plentiful storage, an ultra modern bathroom and a deluxe kitchen including a Bosch dishwasher, a Bosch cooktop, a Bosch microwave and a fridge/freezer. The room came equipped with all necessary crockery, cutlery and cooking utensils e.g. stainless steel kettle and toaster. The apartment also contained a washer/dryer so you can do your own laundry. There was also a Sony flatscreen tv in the apartment and even an IPOD dock. I felt this property offered good value for money by London standards and is much cheaper than staying in a hotel. It also has the benefit of you being able to do your own cooking and therefore saving money that way as well. The room came with electronically controlled ducted reverse cycle air conditioning to ensure comfort on both hot and cold days which I appreciated. The room had modern wooden flooring and halogen downlights and has been interior designed to the highest standard.I found the staff at the Space Apartment Hotel to be very helpful and friendly - Klaus and Sean are always friendly and happy to assist. The only thing that could do with improving at the Hotel is that they need to increase the selection of tv channels on offer e.g. put in Sky Sports or Setanta so that guests can watch the Premier League and Champions league football matches. Also the History or Biography channel wouldn't go amiss as well. I ended up staying at the Space Apart Hotel for many weeks and was incredibly happy. Quite frankly this standard of accommodation is very hard to find in London and this place is perfect for both long stay business travellers or shorter term tourists. I highly recommend this property.	
Aug 2 2009 	A recommander...		
Jun 27 2009 	*super lage sauber hipp ruhig*		
