Nov 15 2009 	Avoid	Classic Hotel............ Service was good. All staff polite and helpful. The room as the rest of the hotel was dated. The wallpaper was old and dirty. There were places were it was pealing off the walls. Our bedspread was old and stained. The TV was teeny tiny and the quality of the pictures was terrible. All but one channel (out of four) was blurry. The in built DVD player didn't work and almost trapped our DVD and held it hostage for quite a while. The floorboards are so creaky that if anyone walked in the room above us, it felt like they were right in the room with us. Poor sound insulation between rooms.Granted you don't pay much for having stayed in London...... but I have stayed in hotels in the same location and for cheaper and they all looked better than this place.The location is good, breakfast okay. On both days, the glasses were not clean and the continental breakfast was toast, cold beans and boiled eggs The breakfast was okay though.I would recommend you pay the extra £20 per night a better hotel where you can really relax and enjoy your stay in London	
Aug 22 2009 	Staff were kind helpful friendly and overall hotel clean and very quiet Quiet .	Although the decor of the hotel was a little outdated we found the quietness of our room and friendliness of staff to be outstanding. My suitcase was also carried up two flights of stairs by staff. I mentiioned in email at time of booking that I was unable to carry my suitcase up stairs and I did not have to ask when I arrived the chap automatically carried it for me. We had an ensuited room but no fridge but was able to keep my bubby in the fridge down stairs near the kitchen. I feel this establishment is happy to go that further effort to make your stay enjoyable. I would definately stay there again.	
Jul 22 2009 	I wouldn't put my dog in this hotel	It was disgusting. Anyone who says otherwise must have very low expectations. We made a booking through Laterooms.com on the 5th June to stay two nights at the ABC Hyde Park. Great website and recently refurbished. Imagine our surprise when we arrived to check in and were told the hotel was full with other guests and we would be put up in the Classic further down the road instead. We are both 70 and didn't feel we could go and look elsewhere for a hotel so had no option but to agree to this. The first room we were offered was totally unacceptable, it was not clean, was in dire need of decoration and tiny. The windows were covered in birds mess, there was a crack right across the shower tray and the toilet was stained. We asked to be moved and were then given a room 57 stairs up. Not much better decoration wise but a bit cleaner. All a far cry from what we were led to believe when we made our booking. Ignore any reviews that say otherwise about this hotel, it is dreadful.	
Jul 15 2009 	Clean Comfortable - Basic	Very good - for what you are paying. This is a clean, comfortable &amp; very basic hotel. The location is good and it's convenient to train and tube travel. Rooms are small and there is no lift (elevator) so staying on the 4th floor is a chore. There must be either new owners or manager because while we booked it with some trepidation based on early reviews, it was not the nightmare some make it out to be.	
Mar 17 2009 	nice and comfortable place	we were a group of friends who styed at classic hotel the rooms were clean very helpful staff at the front desk breakfast was continental but good conserdering what other hotels near by give. theirs also wireless internet access at the hotel free of cost i would definently reccomend this place and next time if i have to come london for any purpose i will only stay at classic hotel	
Feb 24 2009 	Very nice place to stay when visiting London	Went to London for the weekend, with my girlfriend and a couple who are friend of ours. Our ages are between 22 and 24. The location is great. From Sussex Gardens you can walk to Kensington Gardens or Hyde Park and the tube station of Paddington is also near the hotel, providing access to Bakerloo, Circle and District lines, three of the most important lines in the Tube network for a turist. We had booked a double room, but when we got to the hotel, there was only a triple room available and we stayed in it, but we payed the price agreed on the online booking for the double room. The room was big and confortable, with a double bed and a single bed. It had a jar to boil water, tea, sugar, tea cups and a spoon. A mini-fridge was also available, wireless internet, TV with 5 english channels incluiding ITV and BBC. There was also a hair dryer and a closet. The bathroom was tiny and it was the only place with European plugs. The room had a heater that you couldn't turn off and at night it was very unpleasent, has the room got very hot (hat least for me).The breakfast was from 7.30am to 9am. You could have boiled eggs and beans (I think), toasts, cereals, milk, coffee and juices. The room was quite small for the number of people that were staying at the hotel. One morning I had to wait to get a table. The tables and the chairs are place in such way that you get very tight when you are sitted down and makes it impossible not to disturb the other people who are having their breakfast. By far the worst aspect of the hotel.The staff were friendly and they were very helpful for everything that we've asked for.In sum, I strongly recommend this hotel for anyone who is thinking on spending some time in London and is trying not to spent too much money on accomodation.	
Sep 23 2008 	Exactly What We Hope For.........	We Just back from a long weekend having spend 8 nights at Classic Hotel. We enjoyed and feel very comfortable at Classic Hotel, the hotel is very close to two tube stations Paddington and Lancaster Gate,, Breakfast was continental but sufficient. Staff at the reception were very helpful gives good guiadence for most famous attractions of london,you can walk to Oxford street or if you are tired you will find lots of refereshments places and restaurants on Queensway also. All and all we were pleasently surprised by this hotel and would recomend to everyone and we stay there again.	
Jul 31 2008 	Friendly staff central location	We're a family of four who stayed at the Classic Hotel this summer. The rooms were clean, but small - the staff very friendly. Central, close to Paddington. No luxury, but worth the price!	
Jul 27 2008 	Classic Hotel is Really Real	We recently spent two nights at the Classic Hotel Hotel. We booked by phone the day before and got a good price for two double and 1 triple rooms for a group meeting in London.The staff was very friendly and helpful (the young people at the desk nicer than the older ones). the room were clean, comfy, not too big but not that small either. There were tea and coffee making facilities but although the kettle was new it wasn't that clean. TV had 4 channels only but DVD facility.There was also a fan and two extra pillows in the closet. The traffic disturbed a little when the windows were open. The continental breakfast had muesli and corn flakes, tea/coffee+ juices. It gave as a good start for the day. Our flight left in the evening and we could leave our luggage at the reception for the day, which was lovely. It is a small walk to Bayswater and Lancaster Gate tube stations and otherwise in a good location to see London. You can walk to Oxford street or if you are tired you will find lots of shops and restaurants nearby All and all we were pleasently surprised by this classic hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 11 2008 	will not stay again	The room’s wireless-internet reception was so bad I could not use it for work purposes. The claim to offer wireless internet in every room is not accurate. Also, there was a putrid smell coming from the toilet all night. I had to effect a seal around the toilet door in case the smell was, as I suspect it may have been, sewer gas.Value is about more than money. I have since found better hotels.	
Jun 6 2008 	Recomend to stay for everyone to stay this Hotel	Full kitchen I loved my stay on 9th of May 2008, very friendly and personable staff, resonable prices, well worth the upgraded suite. This hotel has recently gone through some remodeling and the new features accent the building walls papers are not very well,but was great, nice clean rooms, comfortable beds and pillows, decent free breakfast, and steps to everything you'll need! Shopping, restaurants, entertainment &amp; fitness. I would and DO recommend this hotel to everyone that travels!.Wolfgang Schulz	
Feb 28 2008 	Don't waste your money	This place is disgusting. The room was damp - well wet!!! The wallpaper was coming off the walls. The bathroom walls were black. The room stank of damp. View?? What view. No room to move.I refused to stay there and demanded my money back which took them over 24 hours.One review says multi lingual. What a joke. The person who wrote clean must live on the streets as this was disgusting. I think they ought to be closed down.Just don't bother.	
Jul 8 2007 	Dont even think about it	We booked through a travel agent expecting to get a reasonable room at a reasonable rate. No one in their right mind would recommend this place if they had ever seen it. Rooms are the smallest we've experienced on our UK tour. The bathroom is so small you must walk sideways to get to the toilet (I'm not large!). On arrival at 3pm we had to wait for the room to be cleaned, waiting in a small hallway, resting on our suitcases. Do yourself a favor, spend a few more pounds and get a decent hotel. We've stayed at many Jury's Inn's and they are simple but in a whole better category. We could only afford this holiday once and we stuffed these 3 days up for 100 or 200 bucks. PS - Wireless internet in UK is ridiculously expensive, even in hotels. (and not available at all at Classic).	
Aug 9 2005	Horrible	It was the first time we made a hotel reservation via internet. We only saw the pictures from the hotel website and liked them. We arrived at the hotel at about noon, and what we experienced was unbelievable. First, we had to pay in advance for our three-night stay. As I did not have any experience with terms of payment in hotels, I thought this was a usual handling. We went upstairs in our room. We opened the door and where faced with a huge mouldy smudge. A short vieuw into the bathroom gave us a promt feeling that running away fast would be the best we could do. We went downstairs again to the &quot;lobby&quot;. Our complaint about the room made the woman working there showing us another room, as awful as the first one. After that, we told her that we would not stay in that hotel any night, and we kindly asked her to retransfer the complete money to our account, which she refused. She told us that we had to pay the full amount for the first night and additionally the fees for the internet booking for all three nights. So, when retransfering the money, she kept approx. 100 Pounds. Speechless we left the hotel, feeling a little bit helpless and very angry, too.	
May 4 2005	Pretty Good	It is very nice hotel and everything in it is very much clean.I like it.when again i come to london i will stay here only in this hotel.	
Feb 22 2003	been there won't be back!	Don't be mislead by boutique looking pictures. I researched the internet for for weeks before I made my decision to stay here based on the pictures. What I got was a dirty room so small we could not walk around the bed. Hard to sleep at night as I felt buggy. Structurally unstable as the floor slanted. Thank goodness it was just one night.	
Nov 8 2009 	que engaño de hotel		
Aug 26 2009 	Proximité		
Jan 25 2009 	Hotel bien aceptable facile de llegar y servicio amable no esperes lujo		
