Oct 13 2009 	Perfect location nice big room excellent service	We found a great hotel in the Bloomsbury section of London, close to the British Museum. It had exceptionally large rooms and nice bathrooms. Breakfast was very ample, a buffet of cheeses, meats, loads of fruits, cereals, pastries, beverages, served as early as 7 am. The front office staff offered us helpful tips on airport transportation and restaurant recommendations. And the value was amazing (we stayed on a Sunday night). We would definitely return.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great location good value for money	We have stayed at Blooms Grange four or five times and have always enjoyed our stay. Great location next to British museum and short walk to west end theatres and Covent Garden. But would be interested to know if any one else has had problems with the Blooms Hotel group trying to say that they have made reservations at another one of their hotels and charging them for not turning up.	
Sep 2 2009 	good location	Room, for a double, was on the small side. I was travelling alone, so I didn't mind, but if there had been two people for any length of time, I'd have felt claustrophobic. But the room was well enough furnished. Wooden coat hangers (good!). But plastic bath (not so good). Staff fine and helpful enough. Great location, around the corner from the British Museum. Quiet but close to the West End, City, Cov Garden and so on. I booked direct with the hotel via their website and paid 69 quid, which was good value, but at the rack rate of 150, maybe more, it would be less so. Just one specific whinge, and this is not limited to this hotel: with the bedside phone, why do they always wrap the cord from the phone to the handset around the phone itself? What it means, is that when the phone rings, you can't pick up the handset without dislodging the phone (which is usually cheap and weighs about one ounce) and more often than not, dropping the thing on the floor. I know it's only a minor quibble, but isn't good hotel management about the details?	
Aug 28 2009 	Elegant building good location - way overpriced breakfast	We recently stayed a night at the Grange Blooms Hotel in London, in between returning from a trip to Norway and heading home to Australia after nearly two years living in the UK.The hotel is in a good location near Russell Square. Montague Street is a lovely street lined with elegrant victorian terraces and housing a few other quality hotels like The Montague. It's only a few minutes' walk to the Russell Square tube station, and you can walk to Covent Garden within about 5-10 minutes.The Grange Blooms Hotel reception area is quite elegant, though it was clear when we arrived that the building has no air conditioning. It was a warm day and the reception area was stiflingly hot - at least 5 degrees hotter than the warm early evening temperature outside. The receptionist, though helpful and polite, seemed very nervous - and we are super friendly Aussies! We checked in without any fuss and were directed to the lift behind reception. We were also told about breakfast which seems outrageously expensive (from memory, something like £17.95 per person for continental breakfast, and something like £25 for full English). The next day we happened to visit the bar/restaurant area downstairs which was a bit dingy and we were glad we decided not to have breakfast there. There is a garden area accessible through the bar which is not exactly beautiful. It seems to be there mainly for the purposes of smokers from the bar/restaurant. However guests are welcome to walk through into the very pleasant garden of sister hotel Grange White Hall (next-door and seemingly a bit more upmarket) .Our room was beautifully furnished, and with its towering high ceilings was very elegant. Not extraordinarily spacious but there was a lot of furniture - several comfy upholstered chairs etc. A nice touch was a small plate of fruit which was very welcome after a long day of travel. The bathroom was well fitted, with a decent shower, and though not enormous it was comfortable enough. The bed was very comfortable with lovely linen and plenty of pillows. Unfortunately, as with many places in England, there is no air conditioning - but luckily our room had two large windows which opened onto leafy trees overlooking a garden, so we were relatively comfortable despite the warm evening.We asked our nervous receptionist whether there was anywhere good to eat close by. She directed us to an Italian restaurant just a couple of minutes' walk away. Despite being quite busy and having to wait a bit of time for our food etc (it was nearly 9.30pm when we arrived), it was worth the wait - excellent food and we enjoyed the entertainment factor of the mature Italian owner/manager who was (he apologetically explained) 'breaking in' a new waiter. Nothing unpleasant, just a bit of tension and a few loud expressions of frustration uttered in Italian accompanied by much gesticulation and sighing. Good fun.After a good night's sleep we checked out and were given assistance by the two (different) reception staff in arranging to store our bags for the day and order a car service to Heathrow for 5.00pm.We got a good rate for our night's stay and would certainly recommend Grange Blooms Hotel on that basis. Had we paid full price we probably would not have been quite so impressed. All in all, though, a very pleasant experience.	
Aug 4 2009 	WE LOVED IT !	Simply &quot;NOTA 10&quot; ! Excellent location. The hotel is very comfortable, and three were housed in room 303. We were staying for 6 nights and 7 days and everything was perfect!Jack, the chef, was always very helpful in receiving with a smile on his face. All the staff was very welcoming and helpful. Our Room was light and fresh, with clean bathroom, towels and bed linen clean and new ! Surely we will return !	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location charming hotel wonderful staff	We stayed at the Grange Blooms Hotel for three nights and we were extremely pleased with our stay.The location is very convenient. It is close to Oxford Street and many of the theatres. There are lots of restaurants and pubs in the area. We had a great dinner in a very nice restaurant called “Italian Kitchen” in New Oxford Street. Covent Garden and Soho are within walking distance as well. There are several underground stations and bus stops near the hotel. We always took one of the buses at Holborn Underground Station that took us to all the places we wanted to get to. Besides being very central the area is also very pleasant and we enjoyed walking past the British Museum on our way from or to the hotel. The hotel was very charming and full of character. I asked for a room on one of the higher floors on my reservation and we were given a lovely room on the third floor. I’m not sure if it was a standard room or if we were upgraded to an executive room. It was quite spacious, very clean and nicely decorated and furnished. There was a ceiling fan that added to the old fashioned charm of the room. The bed was large and very comfortable. There was a complimentary bowl of fruit on the table, we had a large flat screen TV and newspapers were left for us outside the door every morning. The bathroom was nice as well but the extractor fan was very loud. That seemed to be a general problem because we could hear the extractor fans in other rooms when people started using their bathrooms in the mornings. It wasn’t a major problem, just something we noticed because it didn’t fit in with the otherwise nearly perfect impression the hotel gave. Apart from that our room was very quiet. A buffet style continental breakfast was included in the room rate. I wasn’t sure about that when I booked the room because the hotel’s website was somewhat vague about breakfast and when exactly it was included. We enjoyed the breakfast. It wasn’t spectacular and probably not worth the price the hotel charges when it isn’t included in the room rate but it was perfectly all right. There were cereals, cold meat, cheese, kippers, marmalade etc., pastries, fruit, yoghurt and several fruit juices. You could have a cooked breakfast for an additional charge. Breakfast was being served until 10 am from Monday until Saturday and until 10.30 am on Sunday so that you could take your time. One of the two adjacent breakfast rooms was a former bar. There were bookshelves with lots of books about Whisky and the room had a lot of atmosphere. It was never busy when we came down to have breakfast. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and the service was excellent. When we checked in we were greeted by a lady at the reception who spoke perfect German. There was always somebody around who could answer our questions and give us some useful advice. We could leave our luggage in a safe area at the hotel for several hours after we had checked out.We booked the room on the Grange Hotels’ website just a couple of days in advance and considering the location and the standard of the hotel we got a very good rate. We wouldn’t hesitate to stay at the Blooms Hotel again and we’d recommend it.	
Jun 5 2009 	Superb value and location	A colleague and I stayed here when in London for a conference. Really enjoyed it - the rooms were excellent quality and extremely clean. Staff helpful.Location superb, plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance. Also a pleasant and safe area.Will definitely stay again.	
May 29 2009 	You always no what you are getting with the Grange Hotels large or small.	This is the 2nd grange hotel ive stayed at within 4 months. Our 1st was the super 5* Grange City Hotel in Tower Hill. I left a small note on my booking explaining it was my wives birthday. Low and behold we were upgraded to a super exec suite with wonderful views.This time round as fussy as I am with hotel rooms our budget was smaller than before so I went on the Grange Hotel website and found a 4* boutique hotel. Among the many grange hotels at prices to suit everyone we chose the Blooms Hotel. Again on the booking form I left a message explaining it was a special Anniversary. Low and behold we were upgraded to another exec suit. Bearing in mind it is a 4* the decoration is the same throughout all their hotels with flash walnut cupboards and sideboards and beautiful bed dressing clean and crisp on a comfortable large bed. Ive stayed in many top top hotels around the world from the Sheriton to the Banyan tree group. I must say depending on our budget large or small I shall be staying at a Grange Hotel again and again purely on the basis you know what you are getting, the prices are spot on and the staff bend over backwards to help. Give it a go but remember its your birthday wink wink. S richardson	
Mar 17 2009 	Great location	Needed somewhere cheap and central in London to spend a night and this fitted the bill perfectly. Room was small but well decorated with furniture that looked as if it belonged in the room and suited the style of the townhouse.Perfectly situated either a short walk across Russell square to the tube, or a 15 minute stroll to Oxford Street.Breakfast was a continental style buffet that I was surprised was included in the room price.Staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help especially when we arrived early and our room was organised for us allowing us to check in early.Will happily stay here again!	
Jun 16 2008	Not worth it.	I had the unfortunate pleasure of staying here during a business trip. Having stayed in their sister hotel next door (Whitehall) earlier in the year, but found they were fully booked - I decided to stay here, thinking it would be simlar to next door, which was good value and clean - Not so.I booked an 'executive room' in the hope that it would be a suitable choice - not so. The ground floor room I was allocated was very dated, had a lumpy bed and the bathroom had mouldy walls. Clearly it had not been well maintained or updated for years - a disgrace for the price charged.I decided not to stop for breakfast based on my experience of the room.This is such a shame considering its excellent location on a wonderful street in the heart of London - they have clearly missed the boat - I would give this hotel a 2 star rating, not 4 star as suggested on some websites. I will not be returning.	
Jun 4 2008 	great location reasonable price for central london.	My Husband and I stayed at the Grange Blooms on Montague Street in Bloomsbury for a weekend break in the capital. We chose the hotel for its great location directly behind the British Museum on a quiet side street lined with beautiful old buildings. We were no more than 10 minutes pleasant walk from Covent Garden and around 15 minutes walk from Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square - a perfect spot! Russell Square tube station and Holborn tube station are no more than 3 minutes walk away.Upon arriving at 1pm, we were made to feel very welcome by the desk staff and showed immediately to our room, 103, on the first floor. We had thought we may have to wait for our room arriving at this early time but were pleasantly surprised to find that we didn't. The room was small, no surprise in central London, but clean, attractively decorated in a traditional style and with everything we needed for a short break. The bathroom was of a reasonable size and, although a little tatty round the edges, spotlessly clean. The bed was a comfortable, standard sized double, but had blankets and sheets. Although I shouldn't complain about this as it seems to be the standard in most hotels I have stayed in, I wish hotels would get a little more up to date and provide lovely comfy duvets instead.We found the room to be exceptionally quiet and were not disturbed at all on either night of our stay. I was particularly pleased with the maid service policy - they do not start cleaning the rooms until after midday, so no noisy hoovers in the hall at 9am in the morning. Also, this meant that we did not feel bound to get up early so as not to be disturbed by the maids coming in to our room whilst we were still sleeping. Something that I have had happen in other hotels!Breakfast was on a continental basis. An acceptable mix of cereals, toast, pastries, meats cheeses, kippers and fruit. we found the breakfast room to be just as clean as our room and the food was kept well stocked even though it was busy. The staff at breakfast were really friendly and welcoming, making conversation without being intrusive. This hotel has no lunch or evening meal facilities but it is so close to numerous restaurants, cafes and delis that this does not matter in the least. The one complaint I had with the hotel was that the website stated that there was a bar . When we asked where the bar was we were told it was was no longer in use (we than realised that we had breakfasted in what used to be the bar). Although this was a little annoying it did not spoil our stay as the hotel is located in an area with plenty of bars withing close proximity.All in all I was very pleased with this hotel. I felt that the price ( we paid a total of £200 for two nights bed and breakfast on a Friday and Saturday night) was very reasonable for the standard of accommodation in such a central London location. If you don't mind compact rooms then I would say this is a perfect hotel for a weekend break in the capital. I would stay here again.	
May 30 2008 	Charming hotel in nice location	Nice townhouse style hotel. Room was on the small size but spacious compared to many other European hotels. Room and bathroom were always clean and well maintained. Staff was pleasant but not always very knowledgeable...if you want a concierge (with more info) you can go to (or stay at) the affiliated Grange White Hall hotel next door. Location was very convenient to three tube stations, British museum and many restaurants in Bloomsbury area. A good choice if you want a fairly nice place to stay without spending a ton of money.	
Oct 5 2007 	Love the staff	I just stayed 4 delightful days at the Blooms. It has a great location by the British Museum and the staff were superb. I arrived at 8 am after a long flight and they put me into a room right away. They were very helpful and the wonderful conceirge booked me theater tickets and arranged a sightseeing tour. When it rained, they went to the curb and got me a taxi. The rooms were small but cozy and they had nice touches like a fruit bowl. They loaned me an adapter and carried ice to the room for me. The breakfasts were adequate. Overall, what really sold me was the wonderful staff. They were helpful, friendly and willing to go the extra mile. I would definately recomment this hotel.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great Hotel near the British Museum	Good rate for London at £115 per night direct from hotel website. Just around the corner from the British Museum and Drury Lane. Courtesy call from hotel during the day of stay to confirm booking. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a four-poster. Room was a little warm but the ceiling fan took care of that. Some road noise but all in all a nice stay. Tea and Coffee making facilities and fruit bowl in the room. Excellent front-desk staff. Had access to neighbouring sister hotel (Grange White Hall) for restaurant but didn't use it.	
Jun 30 2007 	Disappointing service.	We stayed at the Blooms on the 9th June this year - we came over to London to see a show and the hotel was very close to the theatre. It was also convenient as it is just a minute walk to British Museum so we popped in there for a cultural fix. I had some problems with reservations at the beginning but when I was just about to look for another place to stay, the manager took over and it all went smooth from there.Until we arrived. We were in London quite early so, understandably, the room was not ready yet. We decided to leave our luggage and fill in all the forms then as we would not have too much time later. It was a bit disappointing that when we came back in the evening, it turned out that the registration forms were lost and we had to go through the check in procedure all over again! When doing so, I requested the promised welcome drinks. The receptionist took about 15 minutes to get hold of the porter/bar person/breakfast waiter (seemed like everybody was doing everybody’s job). When he finally arrived, he did not know what sherry was (he thought it was a cherry juice) and when it was explained to him, it took another twenty minutes to get the drinks. When I asked if the drinks could be brought to our room as we were in a hurry, the receptionist replied that it will be cheaper for us if we just waited! In the evening, we felt like having some desserts. When we called the room service, we were told that none of the sweets on the room service menu were available and when we asked for replacement, we were told that they were not going to walk here and there (the kitchen was in the sister hotel, likewise all the employees) to get us whatever we wanted and that we should make our minds up a bit faster and call them when we decide what we wanted. Then the phone was put down on us. When my partner went to ask the concierge to find out about one of the restaurants whereabouts and opening hours and gave the concierge the phone number to ring, he was told that it was “somewhere close” and then he could call the restaurant himself if he needed to know anything, however not from the concierge desk, but from the room.After we checked out, we decided to have an Irish Coffee and a larger. We also asked the porter (who was also the bar person) to bring our suitcase downstairs, to the bar, as we needed some paperwork to look through. The porter came downstairs without the suitcase and asked what we would like to drink – we then enquired about our luggage. Response was: “you want tea?” No, we did not want tea, we wanted our suitcase. “Two teas?”… My partner decided to get the suitcase himself. In the meantime, I was trying to explain what Irish Coffee was and when finally received a black coffee in a cup with a short of whiskey – decided we’d have a drink somewhere else…It’s useful we have sense of humour and we could just imagine we stayed at Fawlty Towers!Apart from the staff, the hotel was lovely. The room we stayed in (Charles Dickens room) was beautiful and cosy; the place was very clean and looked after; breakfast was delicious and the hotel was situated in a perfect place! It’s such a shame that the staff was not really bothered to make our stay special.	
Apr 23 2007 	Brilliant little hotel	Having used trip advisor to choose hotels in the past, I went this time with a friends recommendation. This hotel was perfect for us, the price the service, everything really. it was also a very quiet area, yet close enough to be easy to reach the theatre district, Soho and such. this hotel ought to have a better rating but because it seems to be divided in tripadvisor between grange blooms hotel and one which is described as town house, seems to suffer.better, much better than the Luna and Simone hotel, which currently rides a wave of appreciation on this site. (I have also praised this hotel in a past review.)Our room was large, yet I understand that some are relatively small. and due to the time of year didnt use the garden, we will definitely return. A good little hotel.	
Mar 16 2007	Loved the location and friendly staff	We found the hotel most delightful, we did book a smoking room but when arriving in the room realised this had not been fulfuled, the staff were very helpful that they did offer us another room, the room however was basement level and would not be a nice room to stay in, especially after seeing the one we were in already. After explaining this the staff were very helpful and allowed me to smoke in the room I was in.The room was very nice with a good size bathroom ahnd bath. we had a view out of the back of the hotel which I found to be very quiet considering you are in the centre of london.The location of the hotel was very good for us as this we were going to a west end show and walked there and back.I cannot comment on the cost of a room only basis as we were part of a package for the show, however I think it was resonable priced the way we did it.The hotel itself was clean and tidy and the staff very helpful and friendly, did not have to wait long to check out on the Sunday monring which was good.Afraid didnt make it to breakfast so cant comment!One more good point was the room service charge was very reasonable and the wine pricing.I would say if you are booking a room you request the top floor as we had no issue with noise from the hotel or other guests.	
May 23 2006 	great but expensive	clean, good room, big, with a big bathroom...adequate breakfast. convenient location, ...in front of my room window there was side of the the british museum .all ok, nice place, helpful staffbut a bit expensive ....	
Feb 21 2006	Mind the Renovations	I booked (via internet) the Grange Blooms Hotel for 3 nights Feb 06. The room by London standards was reasonable, the bathroom was very good. The big issue for me was the renovations on the floor above disturbing the peace and quiet. There was no warning at check-in. The other negative was the thin walls - you could hear a conversation in the next room without difficulty (great if you were a spy!).Overall I would never stay there again, but what they did when I complained about the noise and renovations was to move me to a sister hotel - the Rochester near Victoria Station. This is a very good 4 star hotel and no comparison the the Blooms. It has good sized rooms, is fresh, clean and well maintained.	
Jan 23 2008 	Auténticamente British British!!		
