May 26 2009 	Where do we start - absolutley dreadful is a compliment!	I booked this hotel for our Builders for 2 nights and to be told today that they were appauled by the condition of the hotel is a big disappointment to me.4 Rooms booked but one room they had to refuse to stay in due to the condition of the room. No Towels, no toilet roll, curtains hanging off the wall, stains on the walls, cobwebs - you name it! This day and age this should not be aloud - they should be shut down, I intend to take this further as we look after our builders and this is not acceptable.Would we recommend to a friend you ask?- we wouldnt recommend to our worst enemy!!! Very very disappointed!!	
Feb 16 2007	Still Laughing...	The place is a joke...(and I'm still laughing..)  Its name &quot;Vegas&quot; is sooo inappropriate, I stayed in a room big like a closet, with dirty curtains, spots on the covers, no cuttle to make tea or anything (what you find usually in a B&amp;B in UK.)Nevertheless, the best was the &quot;bathroom&quot;, the floor is made of a unpleasant cement and when you take a shower (or try to..), the water comes out half from the pommel, half from the pipe...The receptionists are very nice though, but the place is terrible (even if the area of Victoria is absolutely lovely)&quot;Vegas&quot;..lol	
Jun 8 2006	I would try somewhere else	We recently spent 8 nights in this hotel that has a great location from which to get around. We don't have too much positive to say about it although it was reasonably quiet and did have lots of hot water and decent towels.We knew that it was 2 star but expected a little more. The room was tiny and very marked up. The curtains and carpets had not been cleaned (not even vaccuumed) in a very long time (don't look at the top of the baseboards). The bed was very uncomfortable and you could feel every spring. The toilet seat was broken and the light above the sink did not work. (difficult to shave in the semi-dark) The requests for repairs were completely ignored. The bed was obviously tossed together in a hurry each day and the sheets never changed in the 8 days. Not a big deal for us but just to let everyone know what to expect!The breakfast included not very good coffee, (never tried the tea) cold cereal and your choice of croissant or toast. Very tiring after a few days so we decided to try other alternatives.We are not really terribly fussy people and probably could have handled everything without complaint had the management been even a little bit friendly and made you feel like they appreciated your business rather than making you feel like they were doing you a favour.	
May 11 2006	You wouldn't put your pets here!	It certainly doesnt give a good view of London hotels to overseas visitors. We have never stayed anywhere that is so disgustingly dirty in all our lives. We were meeting up with old friends and suggested that they stay at the same hotel - HOW EMBARRASSING - it made us feel sick!!	
Apr 24 2006	It's a hovel	Please avoid this place only to be described as a hovel, dirty and disgusting, needs closing down immediatly.	
Dec 7 2005	Disgusting *****hole!	On arrival at the warwick hotel we left out luggage and returned later that evening to check in, entered the room and to my disgust I could not believe the standard of cleanliness! Stains everywhere..mould on the carpets ..no stoppers in the sinks..scum everywhere in the bathrooms, i doubt they were even cleaned since the last peeple stayed there..no light bulbs! To say sub standard is an understatement! This property is far below the standards of any hotel..we decided to no let it ruin our wkend and began to unpack only to find beetle/cockroaches in the bathroom/bedroom carpet..we imediately packed up and went dowstairs and asked to be moved..so that is what we did, the next room *an upgrade he referred to it as* I laughed to myself,same story here only no sign of the offending parasites..needless to say we did not stay for breakfast and demanded to check out at 9am after no sleep that night..this establishment is an absolute disgrace..this is only half the story,to be honest I wouldnt let my dog stay in this dirty flee infested &quot;hotel&quot;!they refused a refund, and started shouting at me in french! which of course I understand and asked him did he think I was stupid!...A total ignorant management team ...They dont have a clue about standards..or customer services..stay well clear of this place..choose a hostel over this any day..complete waste of money!You have been warned!	
Apr 25 2005	This place was awful!	This was cheapest hotel in the convienant Paddigton area and boy, no wonder why! We reserved for four nights and had to leave after only one night. The shower had a head on it that barely could spray any water. We had someone knocking on our door in the middde of the night for God knows what reason (we didn't answer). When we said we were checking out after one night, they made us pay for two nights since we didn't give them 24 hours notice. (I never was able to get a refund from my credit card company). We went across the street to the Cardiff Hotel which seemed like heaven compared to this dump.	
Jul 28 2004	It's not very good	There are two good things about the Warwick Hotel - the price and the location very close to Paddington station. But having said that, there is heaps more accommodation nearby and it would be worth paying a little extra.The staff are uninspiring, though we had no particular complaints. There are no lifts, so be prepared to carry your luggage up several flights of stairs. The passageways are littered with suitcases of unknown origin. Our room was adequate, but very small. The shower was so small it was difficult to get in and shut the door. A continental breakfast was included in our room rate, but since it's nothing more than juice and all-you-can-eat toast, we gave it a miss after the first morning.Given the abundance of other accommodation in the area, you would do well to give this one a miss.	
Mar 14 2004	Great Rate/Comfortable Bed	The Warwick offered us excellent and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price (?42 for a double room with en suite shower and TV) in a GREAT neighborhood in London. Warwick is easy walking distance from the Paddington Station (take the express train from Heathrow for ?15 or take the Piccadilly Line to the Paddington Tube stop). there are five to ten excellentr restaurants nearby, including a couple nice pubs. one can easily access Hyde Park, where I jogged four mornings during our stay.You want luxury? This ain't the place. We slept there, bathed there and ate breakfast there. All met out expectations for sleeping, bathing and dining. Besides, what kind of moron wants to stay in your hotel room when one is in London???	
Feb 28 2004	AVOID this place! Esp. single female travelers...	Avoid this hotel! I have stayed in several small, budget hotels throughout Europe, so I expected a small room, to have narrow stairways, etc. But this hotel was quite dirty--everything in the room was stained, from the walls to the carpet to the bed linens and mattress--and not just a little bit, it was disgusting. There was a thick layer of dust in the furniture and the cup in the toothbrush holder in the bathroom was caked with paste. Even the tiny soap bar had dirt on it. The soap dish was coming off the wall, the curtain could not be opened and was black and stained, and the walls were paper thing. Most disturbing, the staff insisted on cash payments for rooms even though a sign clearly says they accept credit cards. They were not friendly at all, there is no clear reservation system, and the hallways are littered with luggage--the same bags for days, you have to walk over some to get to the rooms. This place was disgusting, it did not feel safe at all, and I was very uncomfortable. Better to spend a few pounds more on a decent room anywhere else, a room that is not filthy in a place that does not make you nervous. Friends stayed here as well while I was there, and we all had the same experience with the rooms and staff. One woman in particular was called by the front desk staff when she was obviously alone in her room, apparently he wanted to check up on her! (scary!) On another day, when she returned to her room, she found cigarrette butts on her bathroom floor. What is going on in this place, we all wondered. Stay away from this hotel! There are other options, same location, that seem much better.	
Feb 2 2004	When lodging is not your priority this hotel will do.	When I booked a hotel on-line for my recent trip to London, I was mostly concerned with location and price. This was my first trip to London and with lots to do and see in the city, I knew beforehand that I would be spending very little time in the hotel room. The hotel is one of the many small hotels that are in the two buildings that line the square near Paddington Station. For price and location, the hotel met my expectations. However, if you prefer to not &quot;rough it&quot;, this hotel is not for you. There is no lift in the hotel and I had to carry my heavy luggage up a narrow stairway to the 6th floor. The room was extremely small but clean. Furnishings were equal to that of a dormitory in that the room was not fancy nor comfortable. The attached bathroom smelled as if the sewer system vented directly into the room. Despite these things, I was little bothered. I was mostly irratated with the lack of &quot;pleasantness&quot; with hotel staff (all from countries outside the U.K.) and surprised to find that they appeared to have little concern that my stay at their hotel would be a pleasant one. The hotel does serve a continental breakfast each morning on the lower level that consists of toast, cereal, coffee and juices. I would stay at this hotel again, if I was seeking price and location. However, there are other hotels on the square that offer the same ...and they have a lift!	
Nov 19 2003	Don't do it! Cheap never means good	I chose to stay at this &quot;hotel&quot; based on a few things, including having a soft spot for the name and reviews here and on other sites. Boy was I wrong! Yes, it is in walking distance of Paddington Station, but besides having nothing close by, the hotel itself is a joke. The man at the desk allowed me to take my bags up to my room on the 2nd floor (in the US, that would be the 3rd floor). There is no lift and after a long day of flying, I was exhausted. I got to the room by walking around clean towels on the floor that &quot;housekeeping&quot; had out to clean the floors. My room had peeling paint and they would need to do much more industrial type cleaning to call this place clean. I was traveling alone and just had a bad vibe about this place. On the way up to the room, I had to maneuver around suitcases and bags that other guests had left probably after checking out. They were easily accessed and I could probably have taken anything that I wanted. I grabbed my bags and headed back down to reception to hear the man at the desk yelling at someone on the phone about a package delivery. I waited several minutes to his tyrade and finally, when he got off, I told him that I was not staying. He asked if I wanted a different room, but all I wanted was another hotel. I was charged for one night (I still have to double check my credit card to make sure that is all I was charged for) and went across the street to a store with Internet access and booked a room at the Kensington Close Hotel. I now know that saving money certainly doesn't mean everything.	
Apr 17 2003	Great experience at a very reasonable price	The Warwick was just exactly what I thought an English Hotel should be. Very clean, quaint. The Warwick was within a short walk of everything I wanted to see. The neighborhood was great! On Sunday morning I was awakened by the Queen's Horse Guard exercising the horses. Atmosphere galore. Food in the Pimlico Room was much better than what I expected English food to be.	
Apr 19 2009 	Spaventoso		
Feb 23 2009 	ma a Londra non fanno mai ispezioni le autorità??		
Mar 10 2008 	Está bien para el precio pagado		
Oct 23 2007 	Brutto e sporco		
Nov 27 2005	Pas terrible.....		
