Nov 23 2009 	The most awful hotel I have ever stayed in!	I have never stayed in such an awful hotel. The staff were rude, and showed no concern for any of the issues we encountered. We booked a Superior Double room - the best available. What a joke! The room itself can't have been any larger than a double bed! We had to access our room through a smaller than average sized door, which could not fully open as the bed in the room restricted it, which - once me managed to struggle in - was a surprise due to the fact the bed was only an oversized single! We had the pleasure of sharing our room with what I can only assume was the buildings boiler. But best of all, was the noise that came in from the thin paned window - trains! These were running constantly throughout the night, ensuring that we had as little sleep as possible. At times when we left our room, we could not get back in upon our return as our room key kept being dissabled. The bar was extremely insufficient. When we required a drink, they had no change, no coffee, and minimal staff. Overall this is a very badly run, badly kept hotel!	
Nov 23 2009 	absolutely disgusting service- do not stay here!	I can't comment on the interior of this hotel, only the service, because I was unable to stay here due to their incompetence. Upon arriving and waiting for 30 minutes at check-in we were told that we would be moved to another hotel in Wembley! 45 minutes away! No one called to inform us before arriving. We were told there would be free taxi transfers, and we waited almost 2 hours for a hotel car, not a taxi, to arrive. The next morning, another 2 hours wait for a hotel car. The staff refused to book another taxi, instead waiting for the hotel car. No one offered compensation, no one apologised. Absolutely disgusting. Ruined our weekend.	
Nov 23 2009 	Worst Hotel in London	My husband and I and my daughter and her fiance stayed here for 2 nights the rooms are described as superior double rooms. The are tiny rooms and the bed is the size of a large single. There is nothing superior about the hotel.The rooms at the back of the hotel are above a railway track it is incredible noisy all night long.It can only be described as staying in a signal box all night.The staff are rude and surly.Please do not stay at this hotel, if you have already booked. Cancel it.	
Aug 30 2009 	worst service ever	Upon entering this hotel, we expected it to be very nice and relaxing. Boy were we wrong. The room was incredibly small and you had to jump onto the bed to get to the other side of the room because there was no room between the foot of the bed and the desk. The hotel staff did not speak english fluently and were not helpful at at all. The bellboy was very sweaty and creepy. Our room was not even made up everyday. The air conditioning made a very loud booming noise every 15 minutes and the staff jeep saying it was going to be fixed but it never was and it woke us up all through the night. I was apalled byt the service at this hotel. Stay somewhere else!	
Jun 18 2009 	good clean cheap hotel  no complaints	My partner and I went to london 16th to 17th june and stayed at the kensington town hotel, got to london and it was very easy to get to , just headed for Earls court tube and it is 50yrds away. and only a 15min walk from the science museum and natural history museum also. the room was clean , bed was comfortable and was air conditioned. free tea coffee etc in room, for london especially kensington this was a real bargain.check out lastminute.com for offers as we stayed there with london eye and river cruise included in the overnight stay for £125 , happy days.	
Apr 30 2009 	the hotel is on top of a train tunnel	there's about a train every 30 sec passing in the tunnel right below the hotel and making the whole room shake like crazy. you can't even hear the sound of the TV when a train/metro runs under.if you are offered one of the lower ground level rooms, run away, you won't be able to sleep quietly, except between 1AM and 5AM when the trains are not working...	
Apr 21 2009 	Great for a Shoppong Holiday	Took the wife for a weekend shopping trip and it was great. It left a big hole in my wallet but she was happy :-). Location was great. Harrod's was a 2min tude ride awaya and Oxford Street was 10mins on the tube. If you like Middle Eastern Food and like to Smoke Sheesha (Arabian Water pipe) Edgware Road is 5mins on the tube. Earls Court Tube Station is a 30sec walk. The Hotel was nice. We stayed in room 312 and the size was good. If your a ligt sleeper, the the trains going pass will anoy you but you can hardly hear them. All in all the room was great, the location was even better and i would use the hotel again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Okay for a place to crash for a night in the centre of Earls Court	Good location yet fairly quiet (on a side road so traffic isn't a problem). Rooms are very small, so, you wouldn't want to stay here for long. I read the reviews about the tube so I asked for a high floor, so, this wasn't a problem. Its really difficult to contact the hotel &amp; spent hours the night before trying to confirm my booking as received no confirmation from the booking agency. Ideal if the location works for you &amp; you literally want a place to crash - its a tight squeeze for 2 people!	
Feb 12 2009 	Room 405 memories	Arrived at the hotel earlier than the 2pm check in time to be greeted by a guest at the check in asking to be moved to another room. Odd we thought. We were allocated room 405 on the 4th floor. Lift access was a bit tight from the adjacent corridor and this must rate as one of the worlds slowest lifts. Our first impression of Room 405, Small and hot. There was just enough room at the window side of the bed to squeeze my size 9 shoes into to open the window as the heating controls seemed not to work. The opposite side of the bed was the door to the en suite. The door opened only 12&quot; as it came to a stop against the bed. Anyone over a 36&quot; waist size can rule this room out. Switched on the telly and laid on the bed. The telly picture rolled every few seconds, I reported this to reception who sent someone up but were unable to sort it. Nice pattern of water marks on the ceiling from the room above. Managed to squeeze into the bathroom for a shower which throws water everywhere. I suspect there are water marks on the ceiling below room 405. Went out to a show and came back 23.15 ish. Window still open as room still hot. No milk for a cuppa. Rang reception and asked for some more. Didnt arrive. Listened to the couple in the room above. Wonder what they were doing with a masonary drill? Went to a disturbed sleep with the rumble of the tube trains passing underneath the building and the noise from the street. Awoke very early with the dust wagon collection. Rang reception again for some milk and teabags which eventually arrived. Check out was interesting with a large russian gentleman complaining about his room size.We declined breakfast at £15 and went to a cafe around the corner	
Jan 10 2009 	Tiny room but excellent value and great location	I booked my stay at this hotel before I read the reviews and was a bit worried. I arrived 2 hours before check in time and asked if my room is ready, the front desk clerk called housekeeping but nothing was available. I checked my luggage and was preparing to leave when the front desk clerk received a call and told me they had a room ready for me. I was in 502, top floor at the front, superior double. The elevator only went to the fourth floor with a walk up the stair to the fifth. Room was tiny, but clean. How tiny I could touch the three walls from the bed and there really wasn't enough space for a chair at the small desk which had a minifridge underneath it. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a full size tub. The rate was 227 pounds for Fri.-Sun. night. I could hear the trains but they didn't bother me. The room had free wired internet access.Staff was friendly and helpful. Didn't buy their breakfast package, there are lots of cheaper restaurants in the neighbourhood. Great location, a two minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station. This hotel is a good bet if you want a place to sleep while you explore London and are on a budget and don't get bothered by city noise.	
Jan 9 2009 	Awfull experience	We booked the hotel via a site called http://www.londonpremierhotels.co.uk.This is a 3+* hotelFact is we booked another 4* hotel (paddington). We got moved here by the circuit cause this was overbooked, they said.As we got in the room it was in bad hygene conditions...liening was dirty and changed only 2 days after. Unacceptable....indeed!As we got there we were said the hotel is 15 mins walking to piccadilly, indeed was over 1hr walking... THe only positive note is the staff serving the breakfast, which is really kind. I would never come back here...Luis	
Dec 7 2008 	worst night in a hotel room	I booked a deluxe double room online and arrived at the hotel greeted by a friendly staff. I was directed to a room on the ground (basement level). From the time I left the reception area I was not prepared for what I was about to experience.Upon leaving the elevator, there are one/two bathrooms in front of the elevator door. The stench was worse that putting your head in a septic tank. I covered my nose and went to my room. The room (a deluxe double) was small but laid out efficiently with nice finishings. After a long journey I was looking forward to a quiet nights sleep. My head no sooner hit the pillow and the entire room started to shake and rumble. I thought London was experiencing an earthquake!! The loud roar subsided and started again 2 minutes later and continued until about midnight. It then started again early in the morning.What no one mentioned was that the hotel was directly above the Earls Court tube. NEVER NEVER will I stay at this hotel again!!!	
Jun 18 2008 	Now renamed Kensington Town House	Probably the worst night's sleep ever. I slept in room H201 which they called the mezzanine level- it was the old broom cupboard off the stairs. The room was extremely small that I couldn't get the cupboard door open in order to get the ironing board out...the shower room was not really ensuite, you had to take your room card with you in order to get back in... the tube trains every 5 minutes shaking the room, the loud and continuous sex from upstairs (great sound proofing) ensured I was absolutely knackered the next day.whilst the new owners are obviously trying to refurbish the intrinsics of rooms such as layout/space/lightbulbs that work/ sound proofing - ie looking at it from a guest's point of view - need to be tackled first - rather than new taps and basins.Looking at these reviews I'm glad I didn't see the cockroaches.	
Apr 30 2008 	small damp dirty - and depressing	Having booked a room in the Shaftesbury Paddington for its proximity to the railway station, my nightmare began when my flight from Glasgow was delayed. So when I finaly arrived at the hotel four hours late at one am I was just exhausted and desperate to get into my bed. So I was less than pleased to learn that due to 'leaks' at the Shaftesbury I was being sent to teh Hogarth at Earls Court. Clearly they had overbooked and decided that it would be fine to make a late, lone female travel across the city to move hotel...And once I finally reached the Hogarth things went from bad to worse as I was sent to a basement room that was tiny and smelled of damp. On closer inspection I spotted hairs on my pillows, a huge pubic hair on the toliet roll in the bathroom, cracked, dirty tiles in the shower and someone else's very old and scruffy jumper in the wardrobe. Having no choice as it was now after 1.30 in the morning I went to bed, to be woken by the tube running right under my basement room just a few hours later. I could have been sleeping on the platform it was so noisy.Breakfast did not improve my impressions one bit - horrid, cold food served in a terrible, utterly charmless room.The only vaguely positive thing was the staff who were kind and helpful and cheerful - goodness knows how.Do not stay at the Hogarth, and I wouldn't chance it with any of the Shaftesbury group of hotels or you might find yourself bumped to the Hogarth anyway!	
Mar 27 2008	good but with cockroaches	for the last 2 years i have been a regular guest at Hogarth. apart from having small rooms i have always been happy. On my last visit we had cockroach problems. we had some in our bath room and even got one one our bed. We have spoken to the lady at the reception the response was not professional in any manner we did not even get a sorry for the cockroaches.I have actually wrote to their customer care i got an email saying sorry and telling me that hotel management will contact me asap. two weeks later nothing happend not even an apology. I guess they do not care about their guests just like their reception staff. They have lost me as a regular guest and i don not think i will ever visit any of their other hotels including Shaftesbury.	
Mar 15 2008 	Worst experience	If &quot;Dancing with bugs&quot; is not your favorite travel activity, if you do not want your things to be tucked in your locked baggage - this must be a special talent- if your understanding of &quot;small hotel&quot; is bigger than 2m to 3m room and cannot watch a TV at the foot end of the bed you must definately forget about this hotel.You cannot even see the same person at the reception for 5 days in a row!!!!Whatever you complain to whom was at the reception, goes with her/him.But I must admit that they have such talented personnel who can unlock your luggage and tuck your clothes in....	
Mar 12 2008 	I had to share my room...	...with a cockroach! Now, I don't want to totally write off this hotel, but when I stayed there last month they did seem to have a bit of a cockroach problem. In both my room and my colleague’s room three floors up we found a cockroach or two (I managed to catch and photograph one, but we all know what a roach looks like, so I won't inflict it on you). To be fair on the management, we complained and they wrote us a letter saying that we could move rooms and they'd get pest control in right away and gave us each a bottle of wine (but no bottle opener!). Still, it freaked me out a little bit, you don't really expect cockroaches in this climate.Apart from that, I'd say that for a hotel in this price range in central London, it's adequate. Location is fine, just two minutes from Earls Court Tube. Tiny rooms, but fairly nicely furnished and a comfy bed.	
Mar 12 2008 	Lovely rooms but some train noise!	Not sure if some of the people who wrote the reviews below stayed in the same hotel as I did!! So her goes:Price: GoodBooked on wotif.com for about £60/night - although room amenities listed were not accurate.Location: ExcellentAbout a 1-2min walk straight across the road from Earls Court tubestation. Externally a very smart hotel.. One of the nicest on the road. Excellent access to food and shops. There's a nice pizza take away just down the road too. Reception: GoodReception was very smart and modern looking. Receptionist had a very difficult customer on the phone and a stinking cold but was polite and friendly. The room: LovelyI was so surprsed at how nice the room was judging by other reviews. I'll try and put a couple of photos up that were taken on my phone. So bad points first.. Train noise was sightly annoying, certainly noticeable, but you do get used to it (abit). Also, everytime someone in the room above flushed their loo, it sounded like a water fall down one of the walls near the bed. Don't ask the hotel to book you a cab. They get a private hire one and it cost me £10 to do a £4 trip. If you're not fussed by this and the convenience is worth it then fine.Good things.. Room was decorated nicely and the bathroom (with bath!!!) was very modern and clean. The bed was comfy and the room was warm. TV was a nice wall mounted flat screen but only really had a choice of bbc1 bbc2 and channel 4. Free broadband usage was a massive plus. There is a cable that you can plug into the laptop (not a wireless network) and 'hopefully' away you go. On my listing, it said the room came with a safe and microwave but when asking at reception they said that no rooms came with this. I think this may have been a bit of a fib, but I was happy with my room anyway. Yes they are small but they are well set out, nicely decorated and furnished. Comfy and cozy.For the price paid (london rates!) I was very happy.All in all a very plesant stay.	
Mar 3 2008	Great Value for Money	Having read some of these other reviews prior to arriving at this hotel I was suffice to say a little apprehensive. However, I was nicely surprised to find that it was much better than portrayed in other reviews which I notice are at least a couple of years old. The hotel was modern, well decorated and while yes the room was a bit small, i found it perfectly adequate and im 6'3 and generously proportioned. While yes the trains are audible, i found it nothing more than mildly distracting for the first hour or so and then didnt even notice it. All in all it is a very well located, clean, value for money hotel and i would have no hesitation staying there again	
Feb 26 2008 	I'm a midget but even I found the rooms small	If you are any taller than me - 5 foot, don't stay here. After asking to be moved from our first room due to the noise of the trainline we were given an even smaller room. The room was extremely small and for someone who is only 5 foot it was difficult to manoevre between the wall and the edge of the bed - I decided to climb onto the bed to get to the otherside. There was no room to put your suitcase except for one in the wardrobe and the other squeezed by the bed. The bathroom wasn't that much bigger and broken tiles on the floor. I asked for a deluxe double - if that was it I would hate to spend the 2 nights in a standard double. At £70.00 per night I would rather of forked out another £10 to stay in a travelodge.Very disappointing and TOO SMALL even for a midget like me!!	
Feb 13 2008 	Great for petlovers	EXCEPT for the very noisy tube, very small rooms and the huge cockroach on our floor and not so very nice staff... It was ok, well, it was cheap and very close to the tube!	
Feb 7 2008	Worst Staff Ever but lovely Hotel	Easy to find Hotel.Just 1min walk from Earls Court tube. We landed late and the member of staff that checked us in was so ignorant.He totally ignored us until I tapped the counter to make him aware of us standing in front of him. I really can't explain just how bad he was. The rest of the staff were just as bad. we asked for a hairdryer,40 mins later it arrived. We asked for wine glasses, they have yet to appear. The hotel is so nice, any room above the basement floor and to the front of the building. Really clean and again location,location,location!This Hotel would be perfect if it were not for the reception staff.	
Feb 4 2008	good for money	i stayed for one night with my fiance to go sight seeing for two days. i was a little worried before arriving after reading a few bad reviews but was more than satisfied when we got there. the room was really nice and the bathroom was well lit and clean. some people had complained that it was too small but i found that there was plenty room. if you are looking to stay a few nights it ismore than ideal. petty people who complain should pay for 5* standard if they want it. we were two minutes from earl's court station (which turned out to be a brilliant location for what we wanted). it took 10-15 minutes on the tube to get to westminster which is were alot of the main attractions are. right near the hotel there was a starbucks, msdonalds, kfc, a few small pubs, spar and some nice restaurants (nandos, indian, japanease). being located near a train station obviously there was a little noise, but nothing too disturbing that you couldnt get to sleep. we would definately stay here again in the future.	
Jan 17 2008	Very small but clean	Stayed for 1 night here in August 07 and found the room to be very small. It's cheaper than many other hotels in the area and I only booked a standard room so had to make do with the size. Though it's small, it was very clean. Our room faced the front so we had a balcony which was very useful as it was the summer. However if you have a lot of luggage then I would not recommend the hotel simply due to the size. If it's an overnight stay and you don't have many belongings then it's fine. It's a short walk from Earls Court station so is located near shops but at the same time it's on the quiet part of the road, so no noise at night.	
Jan 16 2008 	Disappointed	This hotel appears a bargain and is competitively priced but why?The reception / staff are great, rooms are fairly basic but fine for 3* max and restaurant appeared to look ok. However, after staying just one night in a basement room I quickly realised you get what you pay for. Throughout the evening until 0100am and starting again at 0630am you could clearly hear tube trains running with bearly a gap of silence. I had bearly any sleep until i was so tired I nodded off at 0900am to be quickly woken by a hoover in the hall. Worst night sleep I have ever had in a hotel...... Dont make the same mistake.	
Jan 8 2008	Close to Earl's Ct. tube pubs and late-night food	Got a great price during Wimbledon for this hotel. Wireless internet was included, although it took some calls to the front desk to patch some problems with the network. The room was very clean with modern furnishings, including nice flat-screen tv, wardrobe, writing desk, and complimentary tea and biscuits every day. The bathroom, although small, was typical of European-style accommodations and again very clean with good furnishings. Earl's Court tube stop is literally a minute's walk down the street and you've got access to a Marks and Spencers (food only), McDonalds, Burger King, 3 pubs, and various other restaurants all within the block. Staff were friendly and price - with discounts on hotels.com - was very reasonable. I would recommend this property to all of my friends.	
Jan 7 2008 	Okay but not great	The location is good as it is near Earls Court . However the hotel was absolutely boiling and the windows rattled big time when opened. Requested wake up call but didn't get one! Staff could be more polite.	
Jan 2 2008 	Awful  Awful Awful	Having arrived at the hotel only to find that I had been moved to a sister hotel without any apology or help with my luggage - did not put me in the best of moods. On arrival at the alternative hotel, i was checked into a room that was already occupied by another guest, I was then checked into another room which was absolutely TINY - no bigger than a large walk in cupboard. Once I had pointed this out to the reception staff, i was moved to another room which overlook the trainline (as per other reviewer) with trains operating every 30 seconds. I eventually moved again to another location to another very TINY room at which point I resigned myself to stay put. The customer service offered by the staff was very inconsistent ranging from v.poor to v.helpful. Food was over priced. The only positive I could say was the level of furnishings was excellent, the bathrooms were gorgeous as were the soft furnishing but unfortunately this paled into insignificance by the size of the rooms and the unhelpful staff.	
Dec 7 2007	Nice rooms but only recommended for Underground Aficionados	Firstly the good points: The hotel is very convenient for Earl's Court Underground Station. The rooms are furnished to a very high standard with large flat-screen televisions and comfy beds.Now the bad news: The rooms are *tiny*. I had a double on the top floor and there was no desk, no chair, the only place to sit was on the bed. The reason there is no desk or chair is that there was nowhere to put it, the room being only slightly larger than the double bed!Furthermore the noise from the underground (District Line) was terrible. I'd read the previous reviews complaining about the noise and though &quot;I'm a sound sleeper. How bad can it be?&quot;. The answer is: it's shocking. The trains start just after 5:30am, and that's the time you'll be waking up. I had to buy earplugs!	
Nov 25 2007 	Wonderful	After I booked the hotel, I came on this site to read up the reviews and I was extremely worried because some were not so good. I just came back from my trip to London today and I wanted to write my opinion straight away before I could forget anything. First of all, the location is wonderful. Earl's Court is a stop in Zone 2 but right next to zone 1. It's on the picadilly line which comes straight from heathrow. It's only about a minute from the station and that's because of the cross walk. There's pubs, cafes, bakeries, McDonalds, KFC, Thai restaurant, indian etc. so much around that area. It's about a 20min tube ride away from most places that are of interest to tourists.As for the room, it is small but so clean. The bathroom is extremely small . But what can you do? Who really cares anyway? we were there to explore the city, we only slept in the room. we were on the 3rd floor, with no noise at all. It's perfect for the price, it was so clean and that's the most important thing to me when I look for a roomAll in all, it was a great stay. The staff was extremely nice and ready to help. I would definetly stay there again.	
Nov 21 2007 	unhappy	at my arrival there was the room that i booked.they put me in a single room, but we were two travellers.the breakfast it was terrible...something unknow happend in my coffe cup.i lookd for the general manager but he wasn't in.they told me that a discount will be apply......but nothing i have recived....very unhappy for the service.....not raccomanded...bye	
Nov 20 2007 	Comfortable and convenient	Stayed at the Hogarth for 8 nights, and after reading other tripadvisor reviews, requested a quiet room on booking. We were given one of the Shaftesbury Executive Suites, just around the corner from the main hotel. The room was not large but adequate, very clean, nicely decorated and comfortable, with a lovely modern bathroom. Included a microwave oven, refrigerator, small safe, hairdryer, plasma screen TV, tea and coffee facilities and plenty of clean white towels. There was no noise from the trains at all!Minor quibbles - as noted by other reviewers, for some reason the screen for the shower is very small so the floor got wet all the time. Also our room was directly opposite the cleaners' supply cupboard so we were woken early by them banging this door a lot.The hotel location is perfect for a London stay, very handy for the tube and buses, with plenty of local shops and restaurants. Didn't bother with the expensive hotel breakfasts - ate every day at a nearby bakery instead, for about 1/4 the price.I would definitely stay at the Hogarth again.	
Nov 17 2007	NO sleep here	Hotel was clean and refurbished to a high spec. The rooms were small which was not an issue for me by what was an issue was that the room backed onto the District line and trains ran from 5:10am to 1:10am. Found it very difficult to sleep during this time.Breakfast was expensive for what it was and I would eat round the corner.	
Oct 26 2007 	false advertising	Booked this hotel as the write up claimed they had a bar and all ammenities. NOT TRUE. On arriving we requested coffee and were told no lounge. Evening we looked for the bar for a drink before the theatre, no bar. Told there was a bar at hotel up the road, but when we tried to use this bar, twice, they could not take our money and had to run back to the Hogarth for change. On leaving asked for a florists number so could send flowers to someone back at home was told they had no idea. Finally on check out they tried to bill me again for the breakfast that i had already paid for. Only good point was hotel was clean. Rooms tiny and breakfast cold.	
Oct 26 2007 	Good value	The position was good for a city break; right on top of the underground line (almost literally). Was slightly apprehensive about the noise after reading the reviews, but thanks to secondary glazed windows and air conditioning, we had four very comfortable nights sleep. The hotel staff were very helpful, and the room was clean and fairly modern.The only slight criticism is the smallness of the rooms (and the lack of shower screen), but I very much doubt that better could be found for the money.	
Oct 22 2007 	Loved this hotel	The Hogarth Hotel is GREAT, we have just returned from a long weekend in London, and we were really pleased with our choice of hotel. It was really clean bedding and towels pure white not greyish, bathroom spotless, maid service everyday. The rooms were modern but well presented. After reading earlier reviews i was expecting less but is was a nice surprise, staff were really friendly and helpful if we needed them. Lift worked all the time we were there and if i had to find any fault it was with the tube running quite close to the back of the hotel, i did ask if possible for a front facing room but was given a back room, i am quite a light sleeper and was woken once or twice on first night but after that i didnt hear it again. I would deffinatly stay hear again and would recommend this lovley clean hotel to friends and family	
Aug 3 2007 	Could have been better	I stayed in a single room for three days. One thing great about this hotel is the location. As they say on thier website...location location location. Just 100 meters away from Earl's Court underground station. The bathroom was small but clean and modern. However it lacked a shower curtain. So the whole bathroom floor would get wet and the shower lack pressure. Now to the room....room was no bigger than the bathroom. Too small. But small room wasn't the problem. There should have been a table and a chair. That was missing...probably because there was no space. The room was on the 4th floor. The lift went only till 3rd floor. Had to carry the luggage all the way from the third floor. Other than location, the only thing good was that broadband was free in the room.	
Jun 18 2007	Not a Business Hotel	Price was reasonable but don't count on business services. They couldn't even get phone calls to the rooms -- the answer was always the same -- that person was not in their room -- but it was me calling by mobile (from my room) asking to be connected to my own room. No wonder my clients couldn't get in touch with me!	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice Room at a Fantastic Price	In planning my ninth trip to London I was finding in my research for decent accomodation that every time I return, hotel prices have drastically gone up. And the majority of the time it seems that in London you pay through the nose for a dump. I must say I was a little skeptical of the rate of 50 pounds per night in central London. I arrived with very low expectations and was quite pleasantly surprised. Located on a very nice street in Earls Court, just steps from the tube, the Hogarth Hotel is a modern and very well maintained (spotless rooms and gorgeous bathrooms) hotel. YES, the room was small...HOWEVER I was on my own so it was not an issue. For me, cleanliness is more important than size and this place shines. I was assigned a room on the third floor and YES I could hear the tube as previous reviewers have mentioned. However, I regularly sleep with ear plugs and had no problems sleeping...and if you are in town to sight see you will be so tired by the end of the day a passing train in the early morning is not going to wake you up. I would definitely recommend the Hogarth and would not hesitate to return.	
Apr 7 2007 	Capsule rooms	I stayed in this hotel during the last weekend in March. The location is good. Right beside the tube, easy access to Heathrow, a walk to the science museum and other attractions. The rooms are nicely decorated, very clean but ABSOLUTELY TINY. Unlike other guests, I did not find the noise a problem as I stayed in a room at the front. The breakfast was included in the price but was not great. You could not get a proper cup of coffee. There are absolutely no services or amenities so I don't understand how the establishement can call itself a hotel. An overpriced BnB really.	
Mar 31 2007 	Take it from a New Yorker Gorgeous but small	Visited for 2 weeks in MarchI originally had a room at the Hogarth which was a gorgeous room on the 4th floor but small as hell. It had nice wooden furniture and a bathroom to die for but with me and my luggage it was very cramped. The staff was extremely accommodating, friendly and helpful. Nice Granny Smith apples, newspapers and magazines at the front desk everyday.I complained about the size and the fact that there was no fridge. Also that my boyfriend was coming to town so I needed a double but due to a local event all rooms were booked. I originally spoke to a nice but not too useful front desk attendant who didn’t sound like she would be able to do much. I waited until midnight when I assumed she would be off shift and spoke with a helpful guy. Who put me on a list for possibly a double room if not a bigger single with a fridge. When I returned back to the hotel around 6pm the next day I was moved around the corner to the Shaftsbury Executive Suites. It was a Deluxe Single which was bigger than the shoebox I had before but still small. I was pleased enough as it was better than the room I had at the Comfort Inn and bigger than the original single room.	
Mar 14 2007	Don't expect much sleep	From previous reviews, I knew to ask for a room facing Hogarth St and not on the ground floor. Unfortunately they were booked up and had to give me a room facing the back. The room was lovely, very clean and cosy. But the noise from the District Line tube was UNBELIEVEBLE! I cannot believe that they are allowed to ask people to pay to stay here. At 5:30am, when the tube starts, it sounds like it is going right through the hotel. I would never stay here again.	
Feb 25 2007 	Surprising but had a few faults	We chose this hotel as it was cheap, we aren't picky - we didn't pay this amount of money and expect a 5* hotel.However we got there and was pleasantly surprised.Check in wasn't painful - no one seemed to speak english very well but they found our booking (we booked a deluxe double - £55 for the room - bargain!).I was actually pretty blown away when i walked into the room, it was small, it had a flat screen TV on the wall facing the bed - the bed was a good size - bathroom was tiny - small shower cubicle, small toilet and small sink - but heated floors!!A few things - the noise from the underground is pretty obvious - it vibrates the room - i wouldnt say its a massive problem though - but something to bear in mind if you are there for an early night and need to get up early and need a silent night.Secondly - the cleaners - We went out and wanted a lie in in the morning - check out was at midday - the cleaner knocked on the door at 9am - and then proceeded to pound the door with the vacuum cleaner - after opening the door butt naked and screaming something that was probably unintelligable they cleared off. - Put your Do Not Disturb sign up and this might prevent it!Check out was painless.So overall you cant really complain - the tube running beneath it is a bit of a pain but its not the end of the world!If the cleaners left us alone I probably would have given this 8/10 but unfortunately as someone who likes his sleep they have dropped this to a 7/10!	
Feb 7 2007	Pleasant surprise	We booked two single rooms in the Hogarth for 2 people. After making the booking, I sent 5 emails to the hotel advising them on my Best Western Gold Crown Club membership number, as I had heard that we might be eligible to a room upgrade. Despite my efforts, the hotel never answered, which did not give a great impression of their service to begin with. Through the travel agent however, we were promised rooms on the top floors, as we were worried about possible noise. My companion arrived in London and at the hotel at midday, but was not given his room until 2pm. He had to walk around Earl's Court for 2 hours. Our rooms proved out to be on the top floors (3rd and 4th), and albeit very quiet, you could STILL feel the underground at times, not that it would have been of any disturbance. The rooms were very highly finished, very clean and the quality of the rooms was 5 star standard. However, the rooms were the smallest we have ever seen. There was no hair drier or fridge in either of them. There was hardly space for a single bed. We did not get the impression, that the staff in the hotel (in the reception) would have gone out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. There seemed to be an air of nonchallant attitude, if not incompetence. I got the imression, that nobody seemed to be in charge.Overall our stay was pleasant, the hotel did meet my expectations and I am used to staying in 4-5 star hotels. For the price we paid (58 pounds a night), it was good value for money. I would stay there again, provided we would get bigger rooms.	
Feb 6 2007	Stylish Boutique but Teeny!	A beautiful and stately building nestled in the heart of London. One minutes walk from the tube, very convenient but even on the top floor the trains can be heard rumbling away in the depths beneath the hotel. Not a problem though!The reception is small but exquisitely furnished with modern details. There is a lift but its tiny too! The stairs have that old crooked feel to them! The room we stayed in was absolutely teeny weeny but very beautiful and adequate for one nights stay. The furnishings (not that there was room for much!) and the decor were really classy. The en-suite was Lush!The staff were friendly and helpful.Overall a brilliant stay and a beautiful hotel. We are about to book a trip back there. A definate recommendation...	
Jan 23 2007 	Value for money	Found a good deal for this hotel, and after reading fellow travellers´ reviews on this website I decided to give it a try with my friend. Having some bad experiences of London hotels not a part of a sterile chain, Hogarth was actually a positive surprise.Our room was clean save for a weird smell, the bathroom was modern and tidy. The interior was nice with a large LCD TV. The location was comfortable with a short walk from the tube station and supermarkets (there was a fridge you could put the food you bought).We were given the largest room of the hotel, it was spacious enough for two people but the bathroom was so tiny you had to pull your stomach in to cram yourself sideways into the shower cubicle. Unfortunately their largest room is situated below ground level so the view from the window was a concrete wall behind which the tube ran. In fact, you could feel the thudding of the trains in your bones. The staff could have been friendlier, some of them were downright rude, smiling at each other and laughing at us behind our backs thinking we didn´t notice. Very unprofessional.	
Jan 2 2007 	Worse than terrible.......negative rating!	Oh you have got to be kidding!!!!!!!!! How can you charge for this room!????????? The noise from the railway line was horrific and when the trains finally did stop running all you could hear were workmen with pickaxes on the line! You have got to be a serious train fanatic to appreciate the authentic feel that the train actually is thundering through the room every minute. Even now the sound of the underground trains on tracks brings me out in a cold sweat!Apart from that you have to trail across the road whatever the weather to the Best Western hotel for food etc. It's now time to stop using these rooms for paying ustomers or at least paying people to stay in them!	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Location good value	Hogarth Hotel is Great hotel 200 meters from Earls Court metro station. Rooms are smaller, but same decoration etc. as in Shaftesbury Kensington **** stars hotel. Best rates we found from london premier hotels (--).Its good to know, that on backside of the hotel is railway and it is very noisy (also in G floor). So be shure, that your room is on the front side (Hogarth street side) and not ground floor. Our room was on the 4th floor, fronside, and this was GREAT. People are very friendly and breakfest was excellent! (On the Shaftesbury Kensington **** stars hotel restaurant).	
Dec 26 2006 	I felt confined in my room	Rooms at the Hoghart are so small that you do not have space to move. Even though it is conveniently located, I think that the price of a double room (USD168) was too high.	
Dec 15 2006 	Feast or famine...	All I can determine is that staying at this hotel is either feast or famine - you're either going to be thrilled and pleasantly surprised, or you will hate it. For my part, I had a very nice stay in a good room, and I would definitely stay there again if the need arises.After reading all of the comments, I was dreading the stay, but due to horrible prices in London in early December, I had no choice but to stay here. I come to London monthly, and never have I seen a price spike like I did during early December - prices were up to $700 a night for the horrible hotels near Paddington. So I was limited to some very expensive places, or some real dogs, and the Hogarth seemed to sit in the middle. I did realize that if I had a choice, I needed to get a room on the street-side due to the train noise. That was my only hope!When I got to the hotel at 1.30 PM, no rooms were ready, so I got a Subway sandwich and got back at 2.00 and it was ready. I requested a street-facing room, and they had one for me (relief!!). My first room was extremely small, but the LCD TV was nice, it was clean, the bathroom was in fine condition, and evrything seemed OK. But the free broadband was not working, so I called to the front desk and after checking it, they agreed it was broken, so they moved me to another room. Always kind of a hassle, but it was a little larger (and had a refrigerator), so it was worth it. I have to say that I was very happy with the rest of my visit. The staff were very nice and friendly, the water was hot (although the water pressure was a bit weak), the LCD TV had great reception with a good channel mix, and it was close to a tube.The only drawbacks are that the walls/doors/windows are not soundproofed at all. So it was easy to clearly hear the people in the next room, in the hall, and down in the street (and it can get noisy in Earls Court once the bars close). But I am a deep sleeper, so I didn't mind it too much. And my wake-up calls were a little late (10 minutes in one case and 30 minutes in the other case), so I was scrambling to get to my morning meetings. And the water pressure was weak, but not as bad as many places I've stayed.So, if you can get a street-facing room, then I think you will be very happy, because it's actually a really decent hotel. If not, then you will probably be angry like most of the negative reviews!!!	
Dec 8 2006	Awful	Awful - rude and unhelpful staff, tiny rooms, short beds and a tube line immediately outside. Don't stay here. Beware also - if you book into the Best Western Shaftesbury Kensington they may put you in this hotel.	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Experience	This review is for the Shaftsbury Hotel (part of the Hogarh Hotel), where the staff made our weeks stay a pleasant and enjoyable experience. There is no hesitation in recommending this hotel, as all round it surpassed expectations. The staff take care and time to look after you. It is often the little things that count and make the difference between a good and bad experience. At the Shaftsbury Hotel they have taken the time and energy to ensure their staff make that difference. As visiting ex residents of London we were in some trepidation of staying in a hotel in a city we knew and loved, but from the moment we arrived, and attentive staff unloaded our bags, we discovered a new aspect to our city. The hotel makes clear in its literature the times rooms are available, but despite this we arrived six hours earlier than the given time, and were allocated our room within an hour. We spent this time having breakfast in a relaxed environment, with attentive staff, and good food. Throughout our stay the staff were committed to being helpful. To such a degree that when, due to our inabilities, we could not obtain the free internet connection they not only came to our room to assist but also loaned their laptop.The rooms were clean and tidy, breakfast offered a wide range of options and on the one occasion we had dinner we were impressed by the quality and the service. The hotel is also well placed for access to public transport, and we had no difficulty parking our hire car.As a result of our positive experience we have now recommended this hotel to a number of friends, as a place to stay whether visiting London for pleasure or business.	
Nov 22 2006	Pretty Shoddy but ways round the problems	I'm afraid I would avoid this hotel if possible. I got through 3 rooms in one night, as the first two had broken windows which would not shut and were right next to the train line. Not only is this probably illegal but it let the thundering noise of the trains in. What was most disappointing was that I was informed that this was news to the staff, even though there was actually a sign on one window indicating it was broken - the sign looked pretty worn to me. If you book at this hotel, make sure its a room on the side facing the road side NOT the side facing the tube. If like me you read these reviews after booking - good luck.	
Nov 8 2006 	Horrible	I've arrived at 8:30PM, and they made me pay for the two days stay straight away (300pound). I was wondering why...., at 8:35PM I was in my...room?...10square meters...&quot;railway side&quot; of the hotel with one train passing EVERY minute. The noise was higher than the TV and sometime the room was shaking. At 8:45PM I was at the reception asking for a room change but no were available. I've phoned by company travel agency and at 10:30PM I was leaving the hotel, but they gave me back only 150pound --- funny---they applied the cancellation policy, even if I REFUSED the room.STAY AWAY or have them write down they will give you a &quot;street side&quot; room....	
Oct 31 2006 	Fabulous!!!!	After reading what others wrote about this property, I was very concerned about staying there after my friend booked us a room. However, once we arrived there, we had nothing but a pleasurable experience. Check in was a breeze, the room was lovely and the staff was friendly and helpful.Upon arrival, we were notified that we would be upgraded to their four star property across the street (Kensington Shaftsbury) due to our concerns over the horrible reviews on TripAdvisor. Once our bags were moved for us as we spent the day sightseeing in London, we arrived in our new room with all our things conveniently layed out for us. Our new room was beautiful and twice the size.I would recommend staying at this Hotel as it is located very close to the Earls Court Underground Station which makes traveling around the city a breeze.	
Oct 26 2006 	Don't believe the rest I loved this hotel	I was so worried about staying at this hotel after reading the reviews here so I joined the hotel's frequent stay program just in case I needed leverage.We arrived at the hotel on Wednesday evening. The hotel is less that a blocks walk from Earl’s court Tube station. From the outside it looked exactly like the photos on hotels.com. A porter greeted us with a smile and my reservation was in order. We arrived in our room and were quite surprised to find it beautifully decorated and very clean (yet small). A Double bed with decorative pillows, a flat panel television and a stunning bathroom. There was a common balcony out onto Hogarth Road that is perfect for any smokers in your party. The small size to the room did limit where we could put our clothes and luggage so don't over pack.We also had a bottle of red wine awaiting us and a welcome note informing us that our last 3 nights we would be staying at the Hogarth's 4 star sister hotel &quot;Shaftsbury Kensington&quot; across the street.On Friday afternoon when we moved across the street to the sister hotel our luggage was moved for us while we were out touring London. When we arrived in our room it was decorated in the same beautiful way but it was much, much larger and found our luggage neatly arranged for us.The staff was fantastic, very friendly and accommodating. The housekeeping staff provided clean bed and bath linens every day. The reception staff was gracious and helpful.When booking your room you should go to the Hogarth's or Shaftsbury's website and join their frequent stay program. Also book a room on the street side.I loved these hotels and would return in the future.	
Sep 29 2006 	Never again!	Nothing new to add to the previous comments though... Wished I had read them before booking! The pictures I saw do not match the reality of this hotel and the staff is just plain rude. We were given a room on the basement and as soon as we got in bed the room shaked as a result of the tube crossing underneath and this happens every 5 minutes!! Asked to be moved immediately, that didn't happen until the next day therefore we lost one night of sleep, when we were given a &quot;matches box&quot; on the first floor.The worst of all? it wasn't even the cheapest option. There are a lot of better options for the same price	
Sep 25 2006 	the worst hotel I have ever seen	The Hotel is not an Hotel, is most similar to a mouse trap.As soon as I arrived I found a filthy pizza box in the room, just only one towel, the shower put water everywhere, the manager was a ghost and nobody said me &quot;Hello&quot; during my staying.If you unfortunately have to stay there bring a oxygen mask with you cause there's not air in the room.I was there to attend a fair and I couldn't open my luggage ...the plasma tv was bigger than the whole room,I told you about the unpolite staff?Just run AWAY from this hotel(?), I repeat: THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER SEEN!!MARCO (ITALY)	
Sep 20 2006 	OK for the price	I stayed at the hogarth fro one night and it was ok, the rooms are done up really nicely and everything looks quite new. The room we stayed in was on ground floor and it had AC, the room wa small to other hotel i have seen in london it is quite difficult at time if 2 poeple, however not big problem, the bathroom was all new and very clean as was the room.i think that the hogarth make of had some problems but seems they are getting better, in terms of the train noise this was very small you could hardly tell in our room and no problem with sleeping.i think for the amount we paid for night £89 at last min booking this hotel was reasonable and i would stay here again.	
Sep 11 2006 	Stay away - stay far far away	I booked this hotel after reading that it was brand new and affiliated with the Shaftesbury hotels, which had decent reviews elsewhere.The Hogarth was just awful.First, I arrived at the hotel around noon. My room wasn't ready so I left my bags and went out. I got my second wind after my jetlag and didn't return until near midnight. They were at a loss and couldn't find my room. I had to wait for about 30 minutes while watching the person frantically call several people to figure out what he needed to do.By that time, the subway trains stopped running so I slept soundly, until 5am when the room started to rumble. No need for an alarm clock here.The next day my wife asked to have our room changed. They moved us to the front of the hotel but while we weren't on top of the tube lines, we still felt a rumble and heard the muffled sounds of the train. Then, we found ants on the desk and in the trash can. When we brought this to the attention of the front desk, they could not offer us anything - the other rooms were occupied. We didn't trust them to spray the room, so my wife and I just kept on squashing ants whenever we could...Upon departure, they had difficulty checking us out because of the room change - they did not know which room the charges were billed to. It took almost 30 minutes for them to determine what to charge us. Yes - it is a decent location, but there are far far better options than this one.	
Aug 18 2006 	Simply the worst hotel experience in our lives...	Imagine for a moment the unpleasant discovery when arriving at the Hogarth... The hotel you reserved isn't the hotel you saw in the pictures on its own website... Rather, it's the rather dumpy establishment across the street.Next, one makes another discovery. At that rather dumpy hotel across the street, the amateurish staff tells you that, no we don't have a room for you, despite the fact that you show them your reservation, along with proof that you've even paid for it. After waiting two hours for them to shuttle you to a different hotel across town, they tell you that the hotel ACTUALLY HAS A ROOM... Wait, haven't you been waiting here for two hours because you don't have a room?... Which is it??Soon, you begin to understand why they avoided putting you in the room they had all along. They hadn't finished renovating it... And did I mention the ugly stains on the bedspreads?!And soon it hits you... the matter of the Tube trains rumbling by right outside your window.... which you had to keep open, because the main thing they hadn't yet installed (but was promised) was air conditioning... After spending a thoroughly awful and sleepless night at their so-called inn, they transferred us to the hotel across the street -- yes the one in the pictures... where we had a halfway decent sleep, but not before our first day in London was spent sleepwalking around town, all thanks to the Hogarth...I implore you... Don't just avoid Hogarth, but also avoid any hotel in London that's managed by the same group... That would include the Shaftsbury Kensington across the street (the one that says Hogarth in the pictures...)	
Aug 16 2006 	Avoid Like The Plague!!!	Well, first of all, NEVER EVER EVER book a room in this piece of junk.Now that that's of my chest let's give this &quot;hotel&quot; a thorough runthrough.The good points:- great location. Close to subway, busses, shops, restaurants etc- nice LCD tvThe bad points: - there is a subway practically driving through your room- this happens about once a minute- and this happens from 5am till 2am- your room (front or back) shakes, why? see above- there is no air conditioning (which they do advertise)- oh wait! there is a portable fan, ask them to put one in your room before you board your plane as it will take them about six hours to complete this task (and yes, it's loud)- rooms are very warm (no matter the temperature outside) - frontdesk staff are not interested and sometimes even plain rude- there is no safe in your room (which they do advertise)- bedsheets were dirtyAfter complaining about the noise and heat we were moved to the basement (!!!), aparently the only room left. Room (or is it walk-in-closet) 001 has no bath, a window that opens about 1 inch (be sure to get that fan!!!), no walkingspace. The piece de resistance is the bathroom where you have to lift your right leg over the sink to be able to sit on the toilet.There's probably more wrong with this hotel then I can think of at the moment but this should be sufficient for all of you that are still thinking of booking a room after reading all the &quot;praise&quot; from the other victims.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great location but noisy noisy noisy	The hotel is located closed to the Earl's Court Metro station in London, in the Kensington/Knightsbridge area.The hotel has been refurbished and my room was actually quite pleasant. I had a large double/queen bed, nightstands, a couple of chairs, a desk and a flat screen tv mounted on the wall.The bathroom had a tub/shower.The room had a portable a/c unit, which had a hose that needs to be hanging out the window in order to operate.The room and hotel were both very clean. I had fruit waiting in the room when I checked in. Check-in was smooth, although the remote control in my room was missing and a new one had to be located. You hotel pass card has to be installed in an outlet on the wall when you are in the room in order to operate the lights.The porters were all very nice. Most of the front desk staff was competent, but there were exceptions to that rule. At one point, I thought the gentleman was going to check me out when I was asking for the whereabouts of a courier delivery.The location of the hotel is great - one block from a major metro station (with easy access to Heathrow). There is a Marks and Spencer Simply Food nearby, along with a Boots Drugs, several small grocers and various cafes, restaurants, pubs and fast food outlets. There are a lot of internet cafes in the neighbourhood as well.The bad/hideous/awful: the hotel is right beside the train line. There is never a moment of quiet from 5am to 2am. The trains go by every two minutes, and I am not exaggerating. I was so exhausted from sightseeing every night that I was able to sleep right away, but if you are a light sleeper, beware. It is very noisy. my understanding is that I had a larger room but was facing the train. If you face the street, the room is a lot smaller, but quieter.Would I stay here again? Not sure. Maybe if they move the train tracks?	
Jul 27 2006 	DON*T STAY AT THIS MOTEL	I just posted pictures that I tok from this Motel ( I can not cal hotel at all) Please take a look at the photoes.I am very well traveller. I have seing many hotels but this one was the worst. Hotels in Tora Bora (Afghanistan) are better then this one. My God! stay away from this hotel. I was there one night and we moved to real HOTEL ( The Kensington Close Hotel &amp; Health Spa) I really don't understand why they give him 3 star !!!!To my Scandinavian friends!!Dette var en helvete ikke hotel. Ikke book i det hella tatt. Fin dere en annen hotel. Jeg mener det 100%.Lykke til!Good luck ;)	
Jul 19 2006 	We spent less than 2 hours in this hotel before fleeing....	We spent less than 2 hours in this hotel before fleeing to a different hotel in Covent Garden.Although we are big fans ot this area of Kensington and have stayed in other lovely tourist-class hotels there, the Hogarth Hotel unfortunately has left us with less than fond memories. We had specifically booked this hotel because it adertised on the website that it was allegedly a 3-star hotel and had:- high-speed internet access in every room- air conditioning in every room (a plus in London where, in June, the temps hit the 90s)- &quot;executive double&quot; suites with a desk, table, double bed, etc.- modern facilities, incluidng multiple electric outlets, due to the recent renovationsOur visit started out badly when we arrived early at the hotel (8 am) and inquired about being able to check in or at least leave our luggage. The mumbling desk clerk claimed we had no reservation and spent 10 minutes staring at the computer screen and my driver's license until i had to point out where my name was on their register. He then had us fill out all the registration cards and go through the entire registration process, and as soon as we were finished, told us that we had to come back after 12 noon to actually &quot;check in.&quot; Very frustrating.We were able to check our luggage at the hotel, though (the concierge was nice and efficient) and went out to have breakfast. We returned at noon and were checked in by a different clerk, a young woman, who informed us that it was their policy to have guests pre-pay for all nights (this was also not advertised on their site, as they claimed no prepayment was needed).We wearily paid the fees and headed to our room.As for the room...I have traveled to London many times and have stayed in the hotels there, so I'm very aware of the size differences between London hotel rooms (small to smaller) and American ones (usually very large). However, even by London standards, the room was completely unlivable. There was literally 6 inches of clearance around the bed, no place for a single suitcase, bag, backpack or other travel item, and no closet, desk, table, counter, or wardrobe for storage, just a few hangers on a wall. The bathroom door could not be opened more than 6 inches because it then hit the bed. The largest item in the room was the 42-inch flat screen TV mounted to the wall.My boyfriend and I immediately realized that we could not stay in the room (actually, that we could not even get our suitcases into the room), and went back to the desk to change rooms.We were then put in a slightly larger room (12 inches of clearance around the bed) but it had a closet and desk, so we felt it might be fine for our purposes.However, after 2 minutes, we learned the hard way that we were right above the tube station, so that every 2 minutes the room would shake. Worse, the room had no air conditioning or even a fan, so if we shut the window to block the train noise out, the room temperature soared to stifling. Finally, we went to check the internet access, and found out that it &quot;hadn't been hooked up yet&quot; according to the front desk. We also found that half the electric outlets had not yet &quot;been hooked up&quot; in the room. These were the proverbial final straws.We found another hotel in London (The Radisson Kenilworth, highly recommend it!) and called a cab. I went to the front desk to get a refund, based on the fact that the room amenities had been blatantly falsely advertised by them and that we had spent less than 2 hours in the room. The desk clerk insisted on charging us for 1 night's stay (about $125.00) anyway, although she did refund the rest of our forced-prepaid amount.The moral of this story: Check out the room before you pay, and if you really want to give this hotel a try (let's say you're into really large TVs and train noises), then don't expect the internet or outlets to be working in your room.	
Jul 10 2006	Hogarth Hotel across the street is not good	It is good news that the Hogarth Hotel Kensington(not to be confused with the Shaftesbury Hotel across the street) is so close to the Earl's Court tube station. It is very convenient to travel to all parts of London.It is bad news, though, that the hotel is so close to the open-air rail lines that come into the tube station. We were on the 5th floor and our room was stifling. When outdoor temperatures hover at 90 degrees F, the room temperature will be at that same temperature until midnight. We were miserable.Rooms that face the train tracks will hear the trains' ear-splitting comings and goings from 5:00 a.m. until after midnight. (I counted ten loud, clattering trains in less than six minutes.) Windows must be kept open to allow cool air in, so the noise is incessant.Althought the hotel provides a fan, it is of little use. My solution to the heat was to dampen a large towel and sleep on it with a smaller one wrapped around my head - which was under a pillow to muffle the noise.Yes, the room is modernly appointed (flat screen TV, nice bath fixtures), but it is tiny...barely SIXTEEN inches on three sides of a double bed. DO ASK TO SEE YOUR ROOM BEFORE MOVING INTO IT. INSIST THAT YOU BE CHANGED IF THE ROOM IS NOT SATISFACTORY ...otherwise, if you enjoy hot, noisy hotels in summer with great fixtures, this one is for you.	
Apr 17 2006	Terrible hotel	It was terrible, never again that's for sure... the room we had was right above the rail road tracks - noisy at night due to the tube line, but when thatstopped, the nightworks began till about 4am....there was never any mention of the train lines in the hotel's website. When travelling you think that itdoesn't really matter where you stay, as most of the time you're out exploring the city, however as we found, a good nights sleep is essential :)The guy who greeted us was rather scary looking and not helpful at all - toothless and barefoot in appearance. An indication perhaps of what lay ahead!We had communicated with the hotel via email prior to our arrival; they had stated check in was at noon, but once we arrived they changed their mind and said it was 2pm. So we had to wait....after getting off a 20hr flight from Australia, that's the last thing we wanted to do. The room was so small, the 'bathroom' comprising of a sink, toilet and 'shower'was just as big as an airline toilet, that was a struggle! Also, the room was quite cold and when we asked to turn the heating on, we were told it only gets turned on in winter. Grr! I guess the only pleasant thing to say about this hotel is the breakfast was decent enough for the price paid. And the location is very close to food shops,a yummy bakery, fast food outlets....and to the Earls Court tube station!I would strongly suggest not to book this hotel, if we had read the trip advisor reviews, we would never have booked this place, not matter how cheap it was!I also strongly believe that this hotels rating needs be downgraded, eg to a hostel. But then again, I've been to hostels which were in much better condition than Ramsees.	
Mar 15 2006	Faulty Towers Take 2	Could not believe my eyes! First of all the hotel looked ok from outside. Arrived with my friend and we were ignored for around 15 minutes- the guy was on the computer. THEN we got to the room- shocking, dirty carpets and beds. We didnt have any towels in the room so called and asked for towels. They were crispy feeling- clean? dirty? or what! The bathroom was like an indoor portiloo, plastic cubicle, and just as smelly as a pulic toilet. The shower hose was broken, was shown how to hold the shower so that it works!! Asked to borrow an iron as we were going to the theatre that night, was given a dirty iron with loads of burn marks and told to iron on the desk. THE ironing board was broken! At night it felt like you were actually sleeping on the train station platform! All I can say is i'll never ever be back to Ramsees.	
Aug 11 2005	Never to Ramsees again	Only good thing about Ramsees was the location which was quite close to the tube station and some of the shops. Otherwise...We had booked the room via Internet and there was some mix-up with the costs. It seemed as though they were going to charge us for an extra night. After we noticed this and went to complain, the mistake was corrected. However, we did not get a proper receipt so at home we had to wait for the credit card bill to arrive to check if the charge was ok. Luckily, it was..Our bedcovers were never changed. The same was with the towels. The _wet_ towels were folded on the beds looking as if they were changed but they were not. We got new towels only after we went to ask for them from the reception.The headboards of the beds were detached, that is, they were not attached to the beds at all which was a nasty surprise when you first time rested against one.In the morning, the same people that were just doing the cleaning came to serve breakfast - in the same clothes. I am not sure if they even washed their hands.	
Jan 14 2005	Nice Very Nice	Just returned home from an 8 day trip to wales and england, including 3 days in London. Stayed at Ramsees Hotel and were quite pleased with our stay. The location is terrific for gettin around. The staff was very friendly, room was nice with two queen size beds and lots of hot water for showers every morning. Many local groceries like Sainsbury, Mark's and Spencer and Tesco were around for snacks and sandwiches etc etc.Got a great deal through their hotel website, which made our stay very pleasurable.We strongly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2004	Horrible!!!	My wife and I stayed in the Ramsees for 11 nights when we first came to London, whilst in the process of looking for a long term flat. This hotel is worst than the hostels we stayed in China.The hotel is very tacky, with dirty carpets and bedsheets and towels that were not changed. The underground lines run next to the hotel, of which 50% of the rooms face. Don't expect any silence to think or sleep between 5am and 1am. Towards the end of our stay, we came back to the room after a days outing and found the room to be &quot;broken into&quot;. However, the front door was rudimentarily repaired, but no attempt to made to repair the door in the bathroom. When I enquired at the front desk, no-one claimed to have any knowledge of what had happened! A few days after we checked out, we realised a jacket was stolen from the room. I'm just happy to never have to stay at the Ramsees again.	
Oct 4 2004	what a dump	an absolute disgrace, the place looks and feels dirty, so called double glazing does nothing to stop the noise of the trains going past right outside your room, no tea/coffee making facilities, rude staff, never changed the towels once during my stay, oh and to top it off the bathroom window was right in front of the toilet, and faced another bedroom, id have rather stayed in a hostel!!!!!!!!	
Aug 25 2004	Never tired of the tube?	This was a terrible experience.We stayed in the Ramsees for three nights but hardly got any sleep as two lines of the tube (underground/subway) in two directions passed a few meters from our windows from about five in the morning till one at night.Also, the shower/toilet has a terribly low ceiling and the shower itself must be handheld. No chair or stool to put clothes on, etc.At all times: avoid the Ramsees.	
Apr 27 2004	Cheap and Nasty		
Mar 15 2004	never again		
Mar 8 2004	Great.		
Feb 6 2004	Stay away. Stay somewhere else.		
Jan 24 2004	A place to sleep		
Nov 17 2003	Not as bad as I thought it might be.		
Oct 14 2003	2-star should be 1-star at Ramsees		
Oct 6 2003	Poor Choice		
Nov 14 2009 	Accogliente e comodo		
Nov 4 2009 	accoglienza scortese e pagamento anticipato		
Sep 25 2009 	el peor hotel de mi vida		
Jan 27 2009 	Attenzione		
Oct 6 2008 	A éviter		
Jul 29 2008 	Un perfetto hotel in miniatura		
Aug 25 2006	Un viaggio ai caraibi in una scatola da scarpe!		
