Sep 20 2009	Hasta la Vista Victor!	A superbly located Hotel, clean rooms, brilliant, helpful staff and an eviable workout on the legs too, bless those stairs! There have been complaints about there being no lift, where do you put a lift in an establishment with such limited space? Limited space, which I think has been used to its' very best. It's excellent value for money, in an area that is great to come back to ater a day out in the big city. Clean rooms, excellent bathroom (I travel with shampoo so previous complaints about there being none go past me, if you want toiletries, go 4/5 star or buy some, there's a local Sainsburys just down the road, it's opposite the Preto restaurant which I also recommend!).I have also seen complaints on here about the breakfast room being too small, I disagree. There's only 22 rooms, some of which are singles. This was adequately reflected in the breakfast room. AND WHAT A BREAKAST! More than enough choice to keep you going for a while and so good to see fresh fruit available, along with a decent coffee, also offered were croissants, toast and cereals. I needed the stairs to work off some that breakfast!This morning I had my fill of fruit and croissants then walked the tiny distance back to Victoria to get home after a wonderful weekend. I'll be back!!	
May 26 2009 	A CUT ABOVE THE HOTELS IN THE VICINITY	What a PLEASANT surprise! Quite a change from the local OVERPRICED dosshouses near Victoria. Recently refurbished; bathroom spick &amp; span; nice breakfast room; lovely breakfast. EXCELLENT value for money. To be WARMLY recommended	
Sep 18 2008 	What a let down	Date September 2008.We booked the hotel over the net which was fine. On arrival the staff was pleasant and helpful from then on it went down hill. The room was very small for a double the wardrobe only had one handle the window sills was dirty , no guest toiletries. At breakfast time only 6 tables so you had to wait at entrance or come back later hoping for a table. The night before checking out you are expected to pay up in advance and not on the day you check out. At night time the staff was not very polite and did not greet you smiles or a hello and was giving the feeling out that they could not be bothered with you as a guest which made us very uncomfortable.Will not be stopping there again.	
Jun 29 2008 	Good value for the money	We stayed here in from June 7th to June 10th. The location was great, being a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. There was also a bus stop right outside the door which was great.The room was clean, the furniture was a little dated though. The bathroom seemed as if it had been newly renovated so it was very clean. The shower was a little on the small side however. Also, the hairdryer was located in the desk by the window and was bolted in, so you had to do your hair at the desk without a mirror. A minor inconvenience.The breakfast was just ok, with juice, cereal, toast and croissants. Good service though.All in all, good value for the money.	
Jun 26 2008 	horrible	i was shocked,how you can pay money and stay with a cocroaches,breakfast very poorly,rooms dirty,and manager hussain wery rude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i will recomend him better to work as a cleaner,wery stingy hotel,they want to save money,but this is not important,T.P	
Mar 4 2008 	Great breakfast experience	The room was clean with a spotless bathroom. Although small, it still had a table with chair &amp; TV, and it was a quiet room in the back, which is what we requested. The big surprise was the included breakfast--served on linen and china and in a pretty room! Good coffee too. Remember to ask for brown bread if you want wheat. Yes, creaky floors and flights of stairs but great value and located close enough to Victoria Station. The clerk, Hussen, couldn't have been nicer and even let us check in early and leave our bags there on our last day. We would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good for backpackers	Victor hotel is a bit of a mixed bag. Amazing central location and good price for central L. Rooms are clean enough but it's very basic, a bit below a bad travel lodge standard. I think the staff could really do with giving the walls a lick of paint and putting brighter lights in the room as it would make a huge difference. They could also splash out on some freeview boxes.It was fine for one night and resembled the price but just don't arrive expecting too much.	
Jan 26 2008 	not the best one	we spent three nights in the victor hotel.well, as some of you have informed the location is just perfect.yes, walking distance from the victoria station, so you can reach every famous places easily.but, everything else... ...i think i am not the pickiest man in the world, but i feel that i failed when i booked this hotel.the interior is really poor, both public spaces and rooms. it would not be a huge problem due to its price but dirtiness is unacceptable. and it was dirty. the room walls, the curtain. there was a huge tear on the chair's carpet. may you say it's not a big deal, because who want's to spend too much time in a hotel room in london, so finally who cares, but i think it's a shame.ok, at least the bed was clean.there was no shampoo and shower gel in the bathroom, just an oldschool soap. well, it's also surprised me.the breakfast was also very poor. cornflakes, some crispy stuff, butter, jam, apple and bananas. croissant or toast on request. and that was all...the breakfast is from 6:30 to 9:00. once we went down at 8:50 and the service stuff said that we should not even start our breakfast because we would not finish it till 9:00. well, up yours i said, and we went to have or breakfast somewhere else...well, that's all i can say about this hotel.i deffo would not recommend it.	
Dec 23 2007 	Would stay here next time too !!	Great location .. walking distance from Victoria Station. . . Victor Hotel was clean, very clean!! The continental breakfast was sufficient and the waitresses smiled and were pleasant. The Hotel rooms are small but who spends all day in their room when they're in London?? The staff were really helpful with any tourist info we enquired about and there is a bus right outside the front door. We arrived very early in the morning and they let us leave our luggage there so we could head off for a big day! Stairs - there isn't a lift so if you have problems with stairs this isnt for you. We were on the fourth floor so we made sure we had everything we needed for the day when we left each morning. Reception is 24 hours which is another plus!! Security was good! We stayed here for 3 nights and if I go back to London I will probably stay here again. For the price (as London prices go) we were very happy with everything about Victor Hotel. (they even had the little extras like a jug and tea and coffee, and soap in the bathroom)	
Dec 19 2007 	Good hotel	The best on this hotel was the location. Located about 10 min walk from Victoria Train Station. Pretty central position from where you can walk almost anywhere.The hotel itself was clean. Rooms cleaned daily, towels changed as well. The continental breakfast not much to talk about. Pretty poor service, but what can you expect the price of 70 GBP for two people. Would stay again because of the location. Good Value for money. Stayed 3 nights with my mom. The trip to LONDON was her B-day present.	
Nov 12 2007 	Unworthy for a special weekend	Alright, so I went to London to celebrate my 21st birthday, last weekend. I booked the hotel combined with the Eurostar from Brussels for the price of 260 euro or about 180 pounds sterling, which I thought was already enough.My eyes fell on Victor Hotel as it looked nice in the pictures, and it was one of the hotels for a reasonable price. Yay, Expedia!Arriving at the hotel on the lovely Belgrave Road in Victoria, I was greeted by the manager and a trainee. Both managed very well to look at me with hollow expressions. Reminds me of some of my collegues at my hotel when they see tourists. I did the effort to pay 130 quid for their hotel, and all of them failed to even push out one smile for me all weekend. So I don't know where the other reviewers get their 'amazing friendliness' from.Came into my single room, and I was quite amazed. A tiny television, a miniature window, wallpaper loosening up on top of the walls, no electricity on most of the sockets and hot boiling water from the shower, even if you turn the temperature down. I saw prison cells in Belgium on tv the other day and they looked nicer than this room did. Not to dramatise, but it's really how I felt at that moment. Very unworthy of a 3 star hotel.So I changed to a double room for the second night and I had to pay the excessive extra charge of £30. The room was better though and at last I felt comfortable. But they had to make up too much for me to think back about this hotel and think it was even acceptable.Nota bene, the hotel does not have an elevator, and they have rooms as high as the fourth floor.So be young, don't be alone, and don't bring too much luggage. That's my survival plan for the Victor Hotel. 1 star.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great little hotel	We spent 3 nights at the Victor. Great location - only 15 minutes walk from Victoria Station, plenty of restaurants and shops in the area. The room was very small as are all London hotels, but clean and comfortable. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. We had a problem one evening with boiling hot water coming from the cold tap in the bathroom. When we mentioned it to the reception staff on our way out to dinner they were very apologetic and it was fixed by the time we returned a couple of hours later. Breakfast was cereal, toast, croissant, fresh fruit - basic but plentiful. Most of the rooms are up several flights of stairs so would not be suitable for some people. At 69GBP per night we were very satisfied and would definitely stay at the Victor Hotel again.	
Sep 14 2007 	Very good velue for money	This is a very nice and clean place to stay. Good locaction and ex service.	
Sep 2 2007 	excellent place to stay	Tried every kind of accommodation in London, from cheap B'nB to &quot;expensive&quot; hotels, was always disappointed.This time, everything was fine : very nice and smiling staff, quiet, comfortable, clean room and bathroom, not scandalously tiny as often the case in the area.Great location : bus stop right in front of the hotel, bus n°24 direct to Westminster, Theatreland, Camden, lots of nice ethnic restaurants + shops in the neighbourhood.Will come back.Only drawback : they do not have a strictly no smoking policy. One night, I was really bothered by cigarette smoke from room nearby. It even started the fire alarm in the middle of the night, waking up the whole hotel. People should not be allowed to smoke in hotel rooms any more.	
Aug 15 2007 	Ok for the price.	Stayed in the Victor Hotel for a couple of nights. It has some good points as its cheap considering its central location. The area is quiet as the road outside isnt very busy particularily at night. Its a nice quiet area with pubs and retaurants close by as is a underground train and its close proximity to the main attractions being only a short tube ride away. The hotel is prety clean with not to much to complain about. The room has no lift so its difficlt if you are a disabled traveller but ok if not. The room was small but clean with no real complaints. No cable tv though and no bath only a shower. The breakfast is its main let down being no more than a croissant toast juice and a bowl of cereal and served only till 9.00am.Still all in all, ok to crash there for a few nights clean enough central in a nice area and pretty cheap.	
Jun 16 2007	More of the same	I always try to avoid repeating what other reviewers say, but this is pretty much unavoidable.It's a nice, clean, reasonably-priced hotel in a very pleasant neighborhood. Rooms are small and there are no drawers but good hanging space. I shared a twin room and we each had a rolling bag next to the bed. You do have to be good friends to live out of suitcases for any length of time, but we spent six nights and developed a rhythm that made us both comfortable. We do both travel a lot.Bathroom is clean with good water pressure and plenty of hot water. Very small shelf for cosmetics, etc. Breakfast is wholesome, nicely presented, and incredibly boring. We ate there every morning to save money and we enjoyed visiting with the staff, but the clientele is so varied that you often find yourself with no other guests who speak your language beyond smiles and nods.We always felt comfortable walking around the neighborhood and it became a joke about who would say first &quot;I love this neighborhood&quot; when we left the hotel. My young traveling companion is still complaining that she can't find a restaraunt like &quot;Seafresh&quot; back in San Francisco.One of my best afternoons in the neighborhood was when I decided I needed to do laundry and the lady who ran the laudromat sent me across the street to the pub to wait for my wash. Met up with some Australians who were doing their wash and we all caught up with the local gossip. Of course, the pint of local brew helped with the whole thing--my traveling companion says I took a significant nap after my laundry run. I highly recommend it.If you're accustomed to luxury, you won't be happy here. If you have a sense of humor and can climb some stairs, this is a good opportunity to experience London on holiday rather than as a tourist. Every staff member I met at the desk, in the breakfast room, or in my room was friendly and helpful. You usually meet a stinker in every stay, but we didn't have that experience here.The hotel is close to Victoria and Pimlico underground stations. I arrived at Heathrow, took the undergound to Victoria, and walked to the hotel. It cost me about 6 pounds total. My friend spent about 50 pounds on a taxi to take her from the airport to the hotel. It just depends on what's most important to you. We bought day tickets that gave us access to underground, bus, and light rail. We used the underground to get around during the day, but always used the 24 bus to come home at night. Sit up top--it takes you past all the tourist sights and drops you right at the front door of the hotel.If you buy Day tickets, be sure to check out the 2 for 1 deals. Our big saving was on the Tower of London. We were tired and thought we'd seen all the &quot;old stuff&quot; we could deal with on our last day in London, but we agree that this is something you shouldn't miss. It's humbling to know how much was contributed to our modern belief system.	
May 1 2007 	If you are looking for clean lower priced central location this is it	I completed my second stay at the Victor this spring. We had a nice room in the front with a balcony. You will get 1. a nice view 2. street noise. Stay in back room if you want quiet. The beds are FIRM, but OK. The room is very clean, and so is the bathroom.The wireless was great. It is fast and free! I did not need an intenet cafe at all. i don't think they had a wired connection though. The hotel is on a bus route, and an easy walk to the tube, train, coach station at Victoria. You can also use the Pimlico station. We were able to walk easily to Buckingham Palace, and in the other direction to the Tate Britan Museum. They have a fairly good breakfast available, but I skipped it. I went three blocks over and hung out at Cafe Nero. Starbucks is across the street if you require it. There are many small restaraunts nearby. Read Rick Steve's London Westminster review of the area for details on food and drink.	
Apr 29 2007 	Victor Hotel was just fine for us!	We read some concerning reviews on this hotel, but we found it to be just fine for a couple of nights in London. It's very close (5-10 min walk) from Pimlico station and in a pretty safe area. The room (includes a TV) and ensuite bathroom were small but clean and more than enough for our needs. Breakfast is only a croissant, two slices of toast, coffee, and orange juice. We also had a small balcony overlooking the street but noise was not a problem - traffic died down pretty early. The hotel staff were nice and also kept our bags for us so that we could do some more sightseeing on our check-out day. For 65 pounds per night, you can't expect the Ritz, but we found the hotel to suit our needs just fine.	
Apr 1 2007	fantastic experience	Second visit to hotel. Thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience. Hotel was clean throughout. central to all ammenities. staff very friendly and helpful would definately visit again.	
Feb 26 2007 	10 minutes walk from victorai tube and railway!	Hotel in a good location clean area. Staff very friendly and helpfull, room clean, however if you stay in the front bedrooms as we did there is NO double glazing and the road is noisey until at least 2am and there is a bit of a draft from the windows.But the rooms were warm as central heating was on! If you have noisey neighbours above beware as being an old building there are lots of creaky floorboards!!!! Hope you like very firm mattresses!Breakfast consisted of cereal, toast and croissants with O.J ,Tea and coffee. For the price the hotel was adequate.	
Feb 20 2007 	not such a great experience	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend at the Victor Inn. We chose it because of the positive reviews we read and because of the price (we paid 150 £ for 2 nights in a twin room, breakfast included). I must admit that, as we got there, I was a bit disappointed. The hotel is located near Victoria station, 10 minutes walking from the train station. We were given a room (twin room, as doubles were not available) located at the 4th floor without lift, so we had to wak all the way up with a pretty heavy suitcase. The room was small, but we had ensuite facilities. There was only one blanket on the bed plus a (very dirty) bedspread, and it wasn't enough to have a good, warm sleep as the heating wasn't working. Before leaving I noticed that under my bed there was a box containing some kind of poison to kill mice. The breakfast was served only between 7:30 and 9 plus it consisted only of one croissant and two slices of bread. I think that this hotel is too expensive for what you are offered, so I'd rather try to find another accomodation at the same price.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good value for location	This hotel was located in a nice area south of Victoria station. It is in easy walking distance from the nearby Pimlico tube stop. It was reasonably priced and the rooms were clean and well maintained. The hotel is a good place to stay if you are looking for value and location, but it is very functional and lacks any real charm. I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic trip, but it is very suitable for a quick vacation. There are only stairs leading up to the rooms, so people who have difficulty with stairs should beware. The hotel also charged us for our entire stay on the second night without any real explanation. Keys must be left at the front desk, and a buzzer rung to get in late at night, however we came back as late as midnight without encountering this problem.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great B	Just returned from a trip to England, and spent a week at the Victor Hotel. It is a great little place. I paid 65 pounds for a twin ensuite room, with a very good continental breakfast (cereal, fruit, juice, toast, coffe/tea). I was impressed by its cleanliness and the helpfulness of the staff. It is in a good location (5 minute walk from Victoria Station). Yes, it is true that the rooms are small, but all we did was sleep and shower in the room, so my friend and I were fine. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good, clean, economical, well located B&amp;B in London.	
Jul 22 2006 	Best B 	reviewer: Pacifica, California This is an exceptionally nice B &amp; B budget hotel. Extremely clean and very well located within walking distance to the Palace and underground &quot;tube&quot;. A great selection if coming from Victoria Station. My room was downstairs from the lobby and reasonably sized with ensuite bathroom . A very efficient fan kept me very happy all night long. I was surprised how quiet the hotel was at night.. A nice breakfast served by the staff. No regrets at all and the price is certainly &quot;right&quot;	
Jul 18 2006	Decent hoteldecent location.	Hotel is located near Victoria Station making it easy access walking to some of London'smain sights. The hotel is a turn of the 20th century building with a feel of a Good Ol' London apartment. There isn't any lift ,as there are two flights of stairs to get to each floor.Those who have disabilities should note that to hotel when booking so you could be placed on the first floor. There are four floors in the hotel. The rooms are small yet adequite , the wallpaper in the hotel shows its aging a little by rips along with fadesyet a clean hotel though. The rooms do have t.v. along with en-suite bathroom with a an air cooled fan . Telephone access is available in all rooms.The continental breakfast is served between 07:00-09:30 hr. on the first floor.Checkout is at 11:00 hr. This is a more reasonably priced hotel in the area, if not too picky I would recommend staying here.I stayed here the night of July 6th 2006.	
Jun 10 2006	Great Value for the money	Great budget hotel. Seven block from Victoria station. Very safe neighbour. There was a very large Sainsbury grocery store around the corner . The hotel is on a bus route, so ask for a room at the back. I have a front room but I slept with ear plugs and the fan on.Breakfast was a choice of three cold cereals, bananas, apples, pot of coffee or tea and two pieces of toasts or a crossiants.The room was clean and so was the bathroom. I had a double, I think it would have been tight for two people. There was coffee/ tea making things in the room.The staff was very friendly and helpful.I paid 59 pounds for my stay.	
Jan 15 2006	nice hotel very friendly staff	Victor hotel is a small hotel in Belgrave road, near Victoria station. It´s a refurbished victorian terraced house like all the others on this road, what is very nice. Our room was small, but great enough. The most important thing to me: everything was very clean. The towels have been changed the other day. Breakfast was continental: toast or croissants with marmelade, cereals, o-juice, coffee or tea and milk. This was ok. The location is ideal. Our room looked to the backyard. This was not so nice but quiet. The street is quiet, too, the most time. A bus stop of the famous doubledekkers is just in front of the hotel from where you can get through central London, and have also a cheap sightseeing-tour. (Tip: A one-day bus ticket can be bought for 3,50 P. from every bus station.) But you can also go on foot to most of the sights like buckingham or westminster, cause they are very close to the hotel.	
Oct 29 2005	ok if you know what you want...	When we arrived, they wanted the whole rate for our stay. I didn't agree, which was better. Our booked room was facing the street (#15) and actually the front of the hotel was refurbished. So we had people walking around in front of our window, the room very dark, loud and dirty because of the work going on. Everybody could have walked into our window through the window as you couldn't lock it. We asked to change the room, which was possible the next day, and afterwards we were content regarding the price of 55 Pounds via venenre.com. Good: Clean, good bathrooms, clean room!Bad: Small rooms, look better on the photos....breakfast: cereals, milk, toast, butter, croissant, tea, coffee (ok), fruitMaybe would stay there again, if I could book a special room in advance. Rooms to recommand: #8, #12, the others I didn't see. #15 is to the front, was loud in the early morning hours.	
Sep 30 2005	great location!	We just spent the night at the Victor Hotel and were very pleased with our stay. The rate was only 55 pounds per night and that included a lovely continental breakfast with fruit and cereals and fresh hot crossiants or toast and your own pot of coffee or cocoa or juice or milk. The location is excellent! It is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. The neighborhood is lovely and there are groceries around the corner (Tesco and one other one) is you need something. Everyone was very pleasant and professional and helpful during our stay. There are no elevators. Go to their website for pictures.	
Nov 9 2009 	Ideale x chi non ha pretese e cerca un posto tranquillo e comodo ai mezzi pubblici		
Aug 18 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Aug 18 2009 	Correctísimo		
Aug 8 2009 	correct		
Aug 8 2009 	ottimo punto di partenza		
Jul 29 2009 	Victor Hotel aspettative pienamente soddisfatte		
Jul 15 2009 	Semplice ma decoroso		
Jun 1 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Apr 17 2009 	Buon hotel		
Feb 21 2009 	Ottima scelta!		
Jan 18 2009 	Escaso en servicio y comodidad		
Oct 13 2008 	Davvero un buon hotel		
May 19 2008 	Piccolo ma in centro		
Nov 30 2007 	Non mi sono sentita a casa!!!		
Sep 29 2007 	Vergessen Sie Victor nicht aber Belgrave Road		
