Oct 23 2009 	YUCK!!	Tired,dirty and rooms like cells - rooms in basement were gross offered alternatives but no better really.En suite was tiny - hair and blood on the toilet and wash basin.Please don't waste your money - reported findings but staff not concerned - responded with a shrug.	
Oct 22 2009 	Worst hotel. Ever.	I stayed in the Grenville House hotel for one night while travelling through London. As soon as I saw the room my first impulse was to turn around and go find another place to stay, but since I arrived quite late at night that wasn't an option. I really have nothing good to say about the hotel. Here are the facts:- It smells like mildew. You too will smell like a walking fungus by the time you leave.- The room (or should I say broom closet? It doesn't really deserve to be called a room) was in the basement--tiny, dark, damp and right by the noisy street.- I heard every single mouse fart in the neighbourhood. People on the street, snoring somewhere in the hotel, someone going to the bathroom--and it all sounded like it was happening right next to my bed.- Wind and damp came in through the window. There was no heating, so I spent the night wearing tights, socks, a cardigan and a jacket along with my PJs to stave off the cold.- Dirty sheets and towels. I periodically woke up itching all over and--lo and behold--discovered bites on my legs the next day.- The integrated shower/toilet cubicle appears to have once belonged to a caravan. And no prizes for guessing that it was dirty.I can't comment on the breakfast. I got up very early and fled, without bothering to find out how many cockroaches or mouse droppings they served up alongside the sliced bread and processed cheese.If there is a hell it surely is modelled on the Grenville House. Would not wish this on my worst enemy. Stay well away!	
Jul 14 2009 	Dirty noisy - do not stay there!	I am used to basic budget hotels and am very easily pleased, but the only good thing about this hotel is it's location. It's dirty, noisy and the breakfast room was crowded and with very very poor service. The room was dirty with grease on every surface and the bathroom was vile. Guests were banging the front door all night. Coffee at breakfast was a dried up jar of Nescafe on the table... Really horrible. I guess they get away with it as they will never have a shortage of bookings, being in such a good location.	
Jul 13 2009 	A filthy obnoxious and despicable place !!!!	Greniville Hotel is the worst hotel I have ever seen.The rooms are extremely small ,dirty and the very very overpriced in comparison to what the hotel has to offer.The rooms were never cleaned,the sheets and towels were dirty (I suspect that they hadnt changed them for over a month).There was dust everywhere and the bathroom was barely for one person.The so called breakfast was not worth waking up for.I complained twice in the reception about not cleaning the room and nothing changed.They called us twice at 7:30 in the morning asking us to pay them despite that our check out date was 3 days later.The only positive thing was the location (close to Russel square ) but this was not enough to cover the price for this filthy place.Spare yourselves 10-20 more pounds per person and avoid staying in this rathole.	
Feb 15 2008 	A Shocking Hole - Wouldn't let my Dog Stay Here	Stayed here for one night.Room was absolutely filthy - floor clearly not hoovered, bed linen dirty and bathroom was the worst I have ever seen!!There was no soap, shampoo or toilet paper, I had to go to the 24 hour store down the road to buy these things because I checked in at 11pm.There was grime and dirt all over the bathroom, when I got into the shower and pulled back the shower door........to my horror, there was a long, big, thick black strand of hair from the previous occupant stuck to the door, I nearly wretched.The room was freezing cold, the radiators didnt work and I actually got under the covers fully clothed and slept like that.The room was so poorly cleaned I even put my bag on one of the other beds because I didn't want to get anything contaminated.I didnt read the reviews before going to this hotel, however I have just seen the pictures of the bedrooms and I can promise you they are NOTHING like that in the hotel.The only reason I didnt check out there and then was because I had nowhere else to go, the Comfort Inn, Premier Inn &amp; Travel Lodge in Kings Cross were all fully booked.STAY AWAY from this Hole - You have all been warned!!!!!!	
Jan 9 2007 	Very overpriced budget accommodation	This is without a doubt a budget hotel. I booked it because it was one of the cheapest I could find in a central London location. The room (a double) was freezing--the heat was turned off during certain hours, I was told, because most of the guests are not there during the day. However, it never seemed to get warm, even at night when you'd expect the heat to be turned on. The hot water seemed to be on a timer as well--one day it was warm, the next it was lukewarm at best. When I told the reception about it, the response I received was &quot;that's impossible.&quot; The toilet leaked after flushing it, the bathroom had a very unpleasant smell emanating from it, and the television remote control was broken. I can accept these problems to some extent if I'm expecting budget accommodation, but at £70 ($140 for me as an American) a night, that's not a budget price. Breakfast, which was provided by individuals that were difficult to communicate with, was very basic and entirely rushed. The only positive thing is the location, which was still a bit of a walk from the nearest tube stop. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all unless their prices were lowered significantly.	
