Aug 27 2009	Acceptable	Stayed at hotel for 4 nights, two with a tour group and two on our own. Hotel seemed to be in a good location for tube service. Close to shopping and a reasonable amount of eating establishments nearby. Room #30 was adequate for the two of us and we had plenty of room. Room faced street and bathroom was large. Box of candy supplied to room was a nice personal touch.	
Jun 14 2009 	Lovely quintessentially European hotel	I found the Diplomat after my other accommodations fell through the night before my departure, and the folks at the Diplomat were most helpful in helping me to avoid the chaos that might have ensued. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and well-informed. The hotel was well-appointed, charming, and convenient to my work and leisure activities, as well as convenient to public transportation and points of interest. The complimentary breakfast was varied, delicious, and plentiful. Though my room was small, it had a small balcony and it was certainly more than adequate for my needs. The lovely fruit and chocolate basket on my first night added to the charm, as well. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there. The Diplomat is one of the best places I've stayed in Europe.	
May 26 2009 	Disaster	Booked a single on line and arrived at 1pm. Was offered the basement which I declined. So I was shown to a tiny room, probably 10 feet * 7 feet, including the wash stand! Not even any room for a night stand. The weather was warm, late April, and they could not shut off the radiator. After much complaing, I was given a large double room on the top floor which was fine but VERY noisy with taxis passing all night long. What a shamer that a charming house in a great neighborhood (Sheraton Belgravia is only about 30 yards away) can be so poorly and greedily operated.TO BE AVOIDED	
May 10 2009 	Hotel OK	Hotel is ok. Located in Belgravia. Not near anything specific. no stores, transportation, etc. really very very close. Although certainly available within walking distance.Rooms are good size. mostly single or 2 single beds. We did have a double. hotel attempts to have an old elegant feel to it. great winding staircase in the lobby but the room while not musty did have a faint odor. sort of not fresh or old. bed was ok. bathroom was long and skinny - appeared they took one side of room and build in bathroom. first come in to towel rack. then pass long tub - barely room to walk by with curtain and hand held shower - which I hate - then come to sink and toilet. no towel rack or place for cosmetics etc at this end. not sure why there is not towel rack etc down here. certainly room to put one on the wall.we were only there one night and had to leave before full breakfast was available. breakfast room was nice. we had a quick continental type breakfast. there is a very small elevator.not the cheapest in the area. no computer available for guests to use.	
Apr 17 2009 	Avoid the Basement	I don't have any idea on how the hotel is except for its basement. Our room was located underground and was extremely noisy after 7am. Every day (we spent 4 nights) at 7am hotel employees started to open and close the basement door of the hotel. Every two minutes there were walls trembling because of their absolute uncapacity to realize that customers were sleeping in that dark basement. Additionally, cars traffic was producing noise and pollution just above our heads.The rest? Breakfast is good and rich. The hotel location is great. Probably, if you have the chance to be located in a room where you can view the sky, the accomodation is good.	
Apr 12 2009 	over priced and basic	my girlfriend and i have stayed in various hotels in london and although in a great location we were disappointed with the diplomat hotel.staff were friendly and helpful however our room was small, basic and very old fashioned. the 'colour tv' was fuzzy and took up too much space in the already small room. the bath had multiple hairs in it from previous occupants and the toiletries supplied were half full. the bath only had a hand held shower which was inconvenient for an over night stay and early check out time (11.30am!)we found the fact that you have to hand your key in and ask for it back every time you leave and return to the hotel unnessecary.the full english breakfast complete with sweetcorn(!?) was lukewarm, sparse and poor.compared with other london hotels that we have stayed in we found the diplomat over priced. the other hotels have been in equally as good locations with bigger, better furnished rooms and more superior eating facilities than the diplomat.	
Sep 29 2008 	Keep Going Back!	My mother was the person in our family that found this hotel. We have all become frequent guests since her initial trip. This hotel is a great place to stay if you're looking for a quaint, quiet place to rest while you're visiting London. It's in a beautiful building, and the rooms, although some are quite small, are all nicely furnished and comfortable. I did have one room with such a small bathroom, my sink was in my bedroom! It ended up being my favorite room.The breakfasts are quite good as well. They're not 5 star gourmet, but they are filling and tasty. What really makes this place special is the staff. They are universally friendly and extremely helpful. Once my mother left her coat in her room after she checked out. When she came the next time, they had had the coat laundered and it was hanging in her closet when she arrived. I plan on staying here on all future London trips. When my elderly grandmother, great aunt and mother were all in London, they chose to stay at the Diplomat and had an absolutely fabulous time!	
Aug 26 2008 	This Is a Great Hotel	While living on the outskirts of London earlier this year, I needed a place to stay for one night near a friend's house. I walked down to the Diplomat Hotel, and was amazed at the price. Very reasonable, especially considering what a nice area this is and the historic and beautiful building the hotel occupies. Breakfast was really good, unlike my experience in most of the B&amp;Bs in the Victoria/Belgravia area. I love this place, and highly recommend it. I have stayed in many hotels in London, and for the price and considering the location, this is a bargain.	
Oct 24 2007	great hotel	this is a great location. i have stayed here two times for business. it is in walking distance from many great places. the area is quiet but yet so close to all the excitement and great shopping. i would definitely recommend this hotel. the price is great considering the location!	
Jan 3 2007 	Great value perfect location	This hotel has a great location (in Belgravia, very close to Knightsbridge). It is very close to most sights, walking distance to some of them. If you have an idea about the general price level in London, this hotel is incredibly cheap given its location and comfort. It is also very clean and the staff is very polite. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
