Oct 1 2009 	Nice hostel well worth the money	Lovely hostel. Free breakfast was just what was needed to get a good start on the day. Rooms were just right. A mirror with sink, desk, chest of drawers, fridge and microwave were in the room as well as two towels per person and a bar of soap. The hostel had free internet access and a comfortable environment. The washrooms were just fine and the showers were clean and working properly. The walls are very thin though and I did not sleep the best as the street noise was quite loud. Overall, it was a nice hostel and a great place to stay if on budget!	
Oct 1 2009 	Ourk!	We spent 5 days in this hotel , and it was terrible. The walls were full of mould. It was actually to harvest the mushrooms in the corner and cook a tasty meal out of it. In addition to this the walls had huge cracks and the windows didnt close proberly --&gt; it was very cold . the fridge and microwave oven were completely useless and it was impossible to sleep while the fridge was plugged in. breakfast was very poor staff confusedshower disgustingshower curtain green of mouldcarpet full of stainsbed sheet dirtynever ever again	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice location though the hostel is a bit rundown	We spent 7 nights with my husband and his children at the Pickwick. Arriving in the middle of the night wasn't a problem as there was a night porter to escort us to our rooms.We had booked two rooms, we were staying on the top floor with shared facilities which was ok for us.The rooms were not cleaned daily, we had to ask them to hoover our carpet, the towels weren't changed during our stay. The beds were comfy, we had one room facing the back and another facing the front of the building. The location of the hostel is the best, near to Oxford Street, Covent Garden or any of the city centre sights. The location is very quiet in the evenings, safe to walk in the streets at night, a lot of pubs and restaurants in the area, close to two tube stations, one bus stop just in front of the hostel.Breakfast is ok, just toasts, coffee, tea, jam, butter, cereals, milk. But there is a micro and a fridge in the room, and you can make your lunch or dinner in the breakfast rooms kitchen. Unfortunately there isn't a TV in the rooms, it would have been nice to watch the news in the mornings. The two computers in the lounge were always occupied by two American ladies in the mornings or in the evenings, so impossible to use them.	
Feb 22 2009 	perfect for doing London on a budget	Wanted a hostel in the vicinity of the west-end, so I could walk back in the evenings after seeing a musical. Also wanted to be able to cook my own meals, so I wouldn't have to dine alone in a restaurantThe Pickwick Hall accommodated me in both. Don't go there if you're really all for cleanliness. Because it's tidy and clean for the eye. But don't look up to close. The showers and toilets were clean though. In the central living room there are two computers which are online the whole day. As the permanent residents all have laptops, the visiting tourist can use these computer without having to queue.I liked my stay there. The living in students are a group within a group. And as it is with groups sometimes they open up and sometimes they don't. No big deal.	
Jan 5 2009	Great staff and great place to stay	Location: The hotel is about 10min away from the Holborn tube station. Nice little park, good clean surroundings. Hotel: The staff was very helpful and friendly. Free wifi, and the beds were average. Shower was small but it's standard in european countries.Free breakfast of toast or cereal	
Dec 12 2008 	Great location but very noisy	The location was excellent, the best I've ever experienced for such a low price. Staff were very nice. However, my three nights at Pickwick Hall were somewhat nightmareish... It has to be said that I was in London to take a course and had to get up really early. Getting a good night's sleep was essential - and I certainly did not succeed at this hostel!!! Street noise was terrible, even with heavy-duty earplugs. The room was cold and the mattress uncomfortable. I wasn't mad about the showers and one of the toilets didn't flush properly... I would only return to Pickwick Hall if I knew I was spending most of the night out partying.	
Jul 15 2008 	Mediocre	Stayed there for a couple of months when studying in London...it's cheap and centrally located, but that's about it. The mattresses are terrible and will kill your back. There's usually about 20 random college kids just lurking around the kitchen. They advertise free breakfast, but it's just toast and jelly. There is an illusion of security, but that didn't stop my laptop from being stolen. Apparently Pickwick (unlike hostels in uber safe places like Greece and Italy) doesn't require a passport from transient guests, so your roommate/new best friend named Tom can really be some Hungarian hanging around waiting to steal your stuff, and once he's gone, there's no way to find out his real identity.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Place to get over jet lag	Pickwick Hall was our first stop on our big Euro trip. We arrived after being awake for 30hours and found it a fantastic place to chill out and catch up on some much needed rest. Definitely not a party place, the plumbing is terrible , bathrooms need a bit more of a clean and place is very dated BUT the linen is clean, the bed is comfy, a short walk to the Tube and Sainsbury's and the common areas were a great place to meet and chat with other travellers. We'd recommend it for somewhere quiet to rest up for a few days.	
Apr 29 2008 	Loved it!	My boyfriend and I took our first European trip together and stayed in Pickwick Hall in London for a week. I had studied previously in the Bloomsbury area and wanted to book something in that vicinity since I knew where the Tube stops, grocery stores, etc. were. We had a very nice room with a double bed and our own bathroom, so that was fantastic! We also had a fridge and microwave in our room so we did some grocery shopping and made it our little home for the week. The staff, especially Patrick was charming, and he was downstairs every morning with the complimentary breakfast asking if we'd like some tea. I found the setting to be very nice, quiet, pleasant, and safe. We've already recommended it to some friends and would definitely stay there in the future.	
Sep 24 2007 	a great budget option for London	I stayed at Pickwick Hall three times in as many months and became rather attached to this charming hostel. The Bloomsbury location is fantastic - safe and quiet, and a very short walk to the British Museum. Patrick was a somewhat reserved but delightful and helpful host. The rooms were very spacious and clean, if a little shabby, and one of the bathrooms had a vague smell of mould but this was a small quibble. The free internet (two terminals) was a bonus, and there is a washing machine in the basement. Breakfast was basic but good, and the kitchen very clean, with the welcome inclusion of a dishwasher. Excellent value for money by London standards. I would definitely return to Pickwick Hall.	
May 29 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever...	no clean sheets, no clean pots, unpleasant staff AND customers, poor breakfast and suspicious things on the floor, hair and socks!!! in the shower but useless microwave and fridge in the room. Please, for your sake, avoid this horrible hostel.Anais and ingrid from france	
Jan 8 2007 	Good basic lodging!	Needing a place to crash for a few days in London on my way to Istanbul, I decided to give Pickwick Hall a try and overall, way satisfied with my choice.I received a friendly greeting for the owner, Patrick, upon my arrival and was quickly shown to a small but decent room.The room was clean (except for the carpet, which needed a good scrub and the walls could have used a lick of paint) as were the shared bathrooms.Granted, this is not the place for a romantic weekend, but idea for budget travellers.Being a theatre fan, the location was great, with the theatre district a mere 20 minute walk away.Restaurants and grocery stores were located nearby.The breakfast was good and the internet free - big pluses in pricey London.5 minute walk to Holborn Tube and Russell Square tube stations.I would definitely return.	
Nov 10 2006 	Awful hostel	My husband and I stayed here on the first night of our honeymoon and it was terrible. It was very dirty and they messed up our reservation. The girl running the place didn't speak English very well. I have stayed in other hostels in London over the years and this was, by far, the worst. Only good point was location.	
Sep 12 2006 	Quiet and central	My partner and I stayed for 1 night and we were pleasantly surprised. The hostel is friendly, very central and extremely quiet considering it is in the middle of London. They supply an ample breakfast, and the room was clean and comfortable.I would not hesitate in returning.	
Aug 9 2006 	Worth picking	I stayed at Pickwick at the end of July in 2006. It was an excellent price for a London hostel. Overall I found it to be clean (including he towel and sheet provided) and the staff person to be nice. It wasn't fancy, but that's not what you get from hostels, is it? There was free internet to be had and the breakfast was basic (eg cerial, toast, coffee etc.) . The location was great. Literally a 5 minute walk from the British musem. Not far from SoHo if you're looking to go out for the evening, you're in a good spot. My room had a mini-fridge, and a microwave. The only drawback I could see is that there wasn't any air con (no surprise) so I could see the place getting hot. Hope this helps.	
Nov 3 2005	More than a hostel	Spent four nights at the Pickwick Hall in Bloomsbury in October. It was our first hostel experience (we're a middle aged Canadian couple) and it was delightful. So quiet and welcoming. Patrick and Staff could not have been more helpful with directions and suggestions. The room in the basement was large and airy..came complete with desk, large closet, microwave and fridge and hair dryer..very clean and comfortable beds. The free internet in the TV lounge was a great surprise and we used it daily. Lots of travel info available in the lobby...also access to laundry &amp; telephones. The price was 49£ per night for a double ensuite and included a wee continental breakfast. Within walking distance to Sir John Sloane's &amp; British Museums. Holborn tube Stn. is a five minute walk and is where at least two London Walks originate. The area is very safe with several lovely green spaces nearby. We would stay again..Sharon &amp; CarlCanada	
