Nov 25 2009 	dont bother!	stayed here 20-23rd november, the first thing i noticed was a distinct smell of mould! as we entered the lift it was dirty and smelt, the room wasnt bad, clean enough but the bathroom looked very tatty, we found that the reception was left unstaffed quite a few times which meant we had to go searching for them to ring us a taxi, 15 minutes it took us the first day to get hold of someone.It is very remote and apart from the garage next door, there are restaurants and a cinema but you would have to walk up to the tube station under the bypass and back down to get to them, i dont recommend using the bypass if on your own as it,s quite scary. I have stayed in many travelodges and this by far is the worst i,ve ever stayed at, basically they should trash it, it gives travelodge a bad name!	
Nov 20 2009 	Perfectly good for short stays when value is important	For those looking for a swanky city centre hotel with all the trimmings for a romantic break, look away, this isn't what Travelodges are about! However, for those wanting an inexpensive base to explore London, there is nothing much wrong with this hotel. I paid £29, which for a double room plus sofa bed for upto 3 people in one of the worlds most expensive cities is outstanding value. My room was clean, big enough, with a working shower, kettle, tv, and a decent bed. For those wanting a bargain, what more do you need for a short break? The staff were fine, but don't expect conseirge service.The location is probably the only drawback. You might be under the impression this isn't far from the centre of London... however, it's at least 35-40 minutes on the tube to Covert Garden, although the fares are very cheap off peak, £6.30 will get a full day pass valid to Park Royal and and anywhere in zones 1-4, which covers nearly all of London's popular attractions. However, expect to pay around £30 ish for a taxi from central London after hours which if you're planning on a night out should be factored in as it maybe cheaper in the long run to get a city centre hotel. The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from Park Royal tube station but is located on the other side of a 6 lane road where the only means of crossing is via a long, narrow subway. Even if you enjoy dicing with death there is a fence which prevents crossing elsewhere. I felt reasonably safe during the day, but wouldn't have relished it late at night and lone females should take note. The only other option would be to walk to Hanger Lane tube station but I would expect this to be at least a 20-25 minute walk which could be equally as dangerous. The hotel has excellent road links however for those taking a car. There are a variety of fast food and chain restaurants directly opposite the hotel, but this requires walking up to the subway and back down so takes 10-15 minutes. There is also a cinema. A petrol station is located next door to the hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	Awful!	a disgrace to the travelodge brand! the room we were put in was filthy, stained walls, unclean windows. Just a general mess. In our room there was the remenants of an ethernet cable plugged into the phoneline...something i would have thought would have been binned by the cleaner. No hair dryer in rooms. We didn't drive so we were miles away from everything, location is pretty bad if your not driving. We got into the rickety lift on the first night and it stank of weed. I think its disgusting that the staff be so laid back when informed of the situation.Thoroughly disapointed! On check out i raised my issues with the staff who's lone response was...&quot;ok&quot; not an apolagy nor a care in the world.	
Oct 11 2009 	surprised relieved	After reading so many bad reviews we were surprised to find very good service and spotlessly clean room and reception at this travelodge,easy walk to tube for city and sights access, helpful staff, minimal noise from trains and road, food and drink at petrol station next door. Thank you travelodge park royal we will stay with you again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Overall ok	Located just off busy A40 with car park next to it charging £5 for 24hours. The room was fine located at rear of building backing on to the tube line, noise wasn't a problem for us. Park Royal tube station is about a 5 minute walk. If travelling at weekend suggest you check that there are no engineering works on underground otherwise you may have to walk to Hanger Lane another 5/10 mins, like we did. Convenient access for central London via the tube. Found walking back at night slightly disconcerting as pretty deserted. Overall the stay was ok for what we wanted.	
Jan 17 2009 	Cheap and basic: a long walk from pubic transport	This is a pretty standard Travelodge in a location that's easy to get to by car, but a bit of a pain to reach by public transport.We paid just £19 a night for a long term advance booking which is pretty decent, but on top of that you've got to pay £5 a day for car parking (make sure you have some change: it's cash only, in coins), and £5 an hour for wi-fi internet. There is no free carparking anywhere nearby.The rooms are just very standard travelodge rooms. If you get a family room, you also get a sofa that converts into a bed, plus the usual double bed. There is a kettle (but no fridge), tea &amp; coffee, there are no phones in the rooms, and a TV with the 5 domestic TV channels, plus the BBC News Channel, Film Four, BBC3 and CBeebies, plus the BBC Radios 1, 2, 5 and London. The bathroom is equaly basic, with a rather annoying flapping shower curtain.There is a vending machine in the lobby (it has soap and shampoo in - there is none in the room), and a petrol station right by the gate with a cashpoint and a pretty comprehensive shop. The lift is the most annoying slow one in the world - and there is only one! Take the stairs.Noise is a major problem, oddly at the back of the hotel (due to the Central line) however at the front the triple glazing does a much better job of keeping the hum of the A40 down.Compared to the one around the corner, in Wembley, the rooms are smaller, it lacks a bar and a restaurant, but benefits from lots of chain restaurants over the road. Although you may have to drive to get over the road, as the nearest underpass is at Park Royal tube station. Of the restaurants there is a Pizza Hut, KFC, Burger King, Nandos, a mexican (expensive) and a Chinese Buffet (£12 for all you can eat, and pretty good), plus a cinema.If you come by Underground, the nearest Tube is Hanger Lane (about 45 minutes walk) or Park Royal (30 minutes): a bit of a pain on a cold wet night.All in all though, a good basic cheap hotel.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Basic Hotel - Good Location	I was a little worried about booking this hotel due to some of the reviews. All I wanted was something cheap and clean within easy reach of Central London so that I could spend 3 days away with my wife for a treat.I noticed that Travel Lodge were selling some rooms at £20.00 per night and I jumped at the chance of 3 nights for £60.00. I paid an extra £10.00 for an early check in (normal check in is 3.00pm).The hotel is on a busy road with a train track behind it so I understood that whatever room I was in there would be some noise. There is secure parking which is lit all night and has CCTV. Price was a reasonable £5.00 per 24 hours (payable at a machine).I stayed in a room on the third floor overlooking the back of the hotel. There is a train that runs past fairly slowly about every 10 - 20 minutes. I didn't find this a problem as although I could hear it, it was preferable to the traffic noise on the front. I also didn't spend too much time in the room as we were out sight seeing and shopping. But not too bad as room double glazed.The trains are less frequent during the late evening and stop altogether at about midnight. Starting again probably about 6.30 but I never heard them in the morning as I was asleep. But overall really not a problem in my opinion.The room was clean and basic. Coffee and tea making facilities in the room. Iron, hair dryer or extra pillows available 24/7 on request. The desk staff were very friendly and helpful.Bathroom towel rail was missing as in other reviews however it appeared to me that it might have been removed. Perhaps it got broken as the bathroom door clattered into it. Either way not a problem for me.This hotel is 6 minutes walk from Park Royal Tube Station (Piccadilly Line) although the station is on the other side of a very busy road. Turn right out of the hotel and after 5 minutes walk down a slope, under the under pass and back up the other side to the station. Under passes are not very nice anywhere but we never had any problems.I would stay here again as it was cheap, clean with secure parking and in very easy reach of Central London (about 20 minutes to Covent Garden all on the same line).	
Sep 9 2008 	Does what it says on the tin!	We booked a Travelodge so we knew exactly what we were getting, and that's exactly what we got!No frills, nothing fancy, just decent, clean comfortable accommodation, 20 mins from Leicester Square on the tube.We booked in advance and got a saver rate of £29 per night; we stayed for 2 nights and enjoyed spending our money going to shows and in London, rather than on overpriced accommodation.The hotel is situated on the A40 just past Hanger Lane and there are train lines behind the hotel. We were on the first floor in room 111, however the rooms are triple glazed and we were not bothered by the road noise at all.The nearest tube station is Park Royal (Piccadilly line), less than 10 mins walk from the hotel and across the A40 (via the underpass) there are restaurants, bowling and a cinema.The hotel is also outside the congestion charging zone and there is a car park on site, this is charged via a pay and display machine at £5 per 24 hour period.There are signs displayed all over the car park, in the lobby and on the stairs advising not to leave valuables in your car, unfortunately, we saw a car with a smashed window in the underground car park, however our car was parked here from Friday - Sunday with no problem. Be warnde, don't leave sat navs or anything on view.If I had to find a fault, I'd say the towel rail in the bathroom was broken, but is that a huge problem?Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would happily stay again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Needs Some TLC	Saturday 23rd August. Room 305.Secondary glazing is missing 1 of its 3 pieces, thus making it useless to keeping out a lot of the noise of the permanetly busy A40 into London. See Photo.Towel rail in bathroom broken. See Photo.Requested new room within 5 minutes of arrival. They would &quot;see what they could do&quot;. Which in the end was nothing.A poor nights sleep was had and spoilt the concert we attended outside Buckingham Palace. it also caused us to have an early night (9pm) at our next hotel: Travelodge Uxbridge Central.	
Aug 25 2008	One of the worst Customer Service Experiences EVER!	Arrive by subway with 2 children in tow 2 hours early only to be told a room was available and we could have it if we paid 10 pounds more. Refused to pay any more for a room we had already booked and which was obviously sitting there with no one in it. No place to store luggage. So waited in lobby for two hours. Of the seven other families that came in during that time, only one agreed to the 10 pound payment. Check-in was at 3:00, and when I approached the front desk at 2:45 to ask if they were really going to make me wait the additional 15 minutes, I was advised that the computer would not let them check in unless the 10 pounds was paid. When I mentioned that I thought this was very poor customer service, the woman at the desk printed off a copy of the web site agreement that stated 10 pounds was payable for check in before 3:00. I told her that I believed that she was not making up the policy, but that she had to agree it was not allowing her to offer good customer service. When 3:00 came, there was an obvious queue for rooms that had been available all afternoon! When I did get a room, a filthy (note: not just dirty...filthy!) towel was awaiting me on the nightstand. I took it down to the front desk, and was told by the same clerk that housekeeping was probably still around and she would advise them. That was the last I heard of the problem. No apology or anything! Customers should note that all front-facing rooms look out onto a 6-lane motorway, while all rear-facing rooms look out over multi-line rail tracks, both of which are noisy for the entire evening.If you can avoid this hotel, please do so. You can find inexpensive hotels that are cleaner and offer much friendlier and better customer service than this one.	
Aug 1 2008 	OK. for the price.	As I'd read some bad reviews of this Travelodge AFTER I'd booked it, we arrived with some trepidation! It proved to be OK. 30minutes from central London by tube &amp; then a 5 min. walk from the station. The hotel was fairly standard:- basic, soul less, but clean &amp; all the staff we met were friendly &amp; helpful. On the positive side, the &quot;mini mart &quot; in the garage next door stocks most things foodwise &amp; also has an area where they serve breakfasts. &quot;Across the road&quot; ( a 10 min. walk via the tube station subway) is the Royale Leisure Park:- a mulitiplex cinema, 10 pin bowling (with a noisy bar area attached) a McDonalds (also in the bowling complex) a BurgerKing (breakfasts served) a Pizzahut, KFC. &amp; 3 very busy restaurants. If you turn left out of the tube station, instead of right towards the subway,you will quickly find 2 convenience stores, a bar &amp; 2 more restaurants (Italian &amp; Indian) A 5 minute walk further on (past a pub!) brings you to Hanger Lane(+ tube) &amp; more shops,restaurants etc.  I'm detailing all this,as at first glance the hotel appears to be stuck in the middle of nowhere,which is'nt so..... On the negative side (&amp; its a huge one!) the hotels location is horrendous!:- the A40 into London runs at the front &amp; the traffic noise is a constant 24 hours....at least the tube line at the rear only runs between 6.30 am. &amp; midnight!...oh yes, I forgot to mention the Heathrow flightpath! They could'nt have chosen a worse place to build a hotel (though it is convenient &amp; cheap!) In a nutshell, would I stay at Park Royal again?:- only if I could'nt find anywhere else!	
May 26 2008 	Was this the same travelodge reviewed below?????????????	I booked this travelodge for FA cup final weekend (16/17May) paying £65 for the friday night and £99 for the Saturday and can only say i feel i got value for my money. The welcome we got from the staff was first class, we asked for more blankets, towels and tea/ coffee which we got straight away. The room on the 4th floor was clean and tidy with slight wear which you must expect at any hotel. Lift was working, vending machines in reception in order and very little noise even when full of football supporters. The hotel is a short 5 min walk from Park Royal tube station and 10 mins from Hanger Lane tube station. A leisure park is opposite with cinema, 10 pin bowling and all types of food outlets. Not many pubs in the area but it is a short bus ride to Ealing Broadway which has many bars. At £164 for 2 nights it was as good as you can get but outside of event days it must be a good choice when using special cheap rates..	
May 15 2008 	Ok so I shoul have read the reviews first...	...but I didn’t book it, my daughter did as a surprise trip to London for my birthday.We arrived at Park Royal at approximately 2.15pm from Manchester, on a sweltering hot 13th of May, tired, hot and bothered, looking forward to a shower and a relax before hitting the city lights.The place is conveniently situated five minutes walk form the Park Royal connection to the London Underground although via a subway. We arrived at the hotel to be told that we had missed our check in as they had the booking as the 12th. Luckily we booked on line, and had the paperwork stating the 13th. Eventually, after it was established that the morning staff had alleviated their boredom by rearranging computer bookings the matter was sorted. The receptionist humbly apologised for the mix up and told us that although check in was not until 3pm, she would let us go up thirty minutes early....for a fee of £20! We declined and spent the following 30 minutes cluttering up the tiny lobby, whilst checking out the empty soda machine, the unplugged coffee machine and the silent and unproductive air conditioning unit.After sitting for 15 minutes we asked if we could use the toilets...the reply ensued thus:Receptionist: No sorry, I can’t allow you to because you haven’t checked in. Us: Checked in? You mean because we haven’t paid the fee you wanted.Receptionist: That’s right. If you are not checked in then they are for staff use only.Us: But its only fifteen minutes to go.Receptionist: You are not insured to use our toilet because you are not checked in. Us: I see. So I pay you £20 for an extra fifteen minutes usage of the room, then I become insured to use the toilet?Receptionist: You could use the ones at the petrol station across the forecourt; they will let you use theirs.Us: Am I insured to use theirs?Receptionist: I don’t know.You had to be there…Ok the rooms. Furnished in typical Travel Lodge style, basic with a few added extras, (one miniature soap, two disposable cups and a Durex wrapper) we found the bed fresh and clean, although we were provided with two wafer thin pillows and a hand and bath towel in a double room. We did ask for extras, and waited in reception whilst they rummaged around in the back room for more. But, the bathrail had been ripped off and the ceiling and grout were mouldy, all little things that were not down to bad housekeeping but to poor building maintenance. The staff were pleasant enough, except for the lady we had spoken to on our arrival, who peered silently at us over the desk every time we entered the foyer. In the early hours of the first night we suffered a domestic between lovers (oh yes we knew what they were up to…) filtering down the corridors, and on the second we were entertained by the loud comings and goings of a large party further down the corridor. It would have been even more entertaining had the heated and riotous behaviour been in English, but you cant win everytime.Overall it was a place to rest a head, but disappointing and derelict. Would I go again? Not a hope...	
Mar 23 2008 	Avoid If Possible	Booked two family rooms over the Easter weekend for a cheap weekend sightseeing in London. We were fortunate to get a cheap deal - £29.00 for the Friday night and £49.00 for the Saturday night. However I still expected the hotel to be cleaned to a good standard.When we arrived the barrier of the car park was broken (something that a guest in February 2007 also pointed out). We arrived very early in the day to be told that rooms were available but we would have to pay £10.00 extra to have the room early - this was strange as at other travelodges we have stayed at, we have been able to check in early without any additional costs. As we were unable to leave the luggage at the hotel we left it in our car which was parked on the hotel car park. When we arrived back at the hotel we had the last two available rooms one on the first floor and one on the second floor. When we opened the door to our room (room 116) we struggled against the gale blowing through, the windows had been left wide open and it was only the following day we discovered why - the room stank of stale cigarette smoke, the lamp shades were so badly stained from nicotine it was shocking. Surely after introducing the no smoking policy the hotel should have had the rooms thoroughly cleaned.The other room (209) had a stain on the childrens mattress, only one set of additional bedding even through we had checked in with two children for the room and there was a horrible lump of something on the shower curtain. The next morning we went to make a cup of tea but there were no tea bags (I note that a previous guest said they had run out of tea bags on their stay). Good points - close to the tube station on the Piccadilly line, cheap rooms, cheap parking, easy access to M40.Bad points - broken glass by the barriers in the car park, rooms smelt, bad stains, general lack of maintenance carried out at the hotel (hotel is in desperate need to TLC).Would I stay again - no	
Mar 6 2008	Dirty shabby place	Booked in 20 minutes earlier than required and cost me £10.00 extra, no teabags or soaps in room. Pubic hairs in bath and minimal toilet paper available. No breakfast option available when checked in, but on departure, was almost charged for breakfast!Wrote to hotel and their Head Office, as yet no reply........says it all really	
Mar 4 2008	Do not stay here!!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. 3 months after they had made the hotel non-smoking the corridor of my floor stank of cigarettes. This was nothing however compared to the stench in my room. Two of my work colleagues had no running shower and had to go to empthy rooms to wash. After going out for food (there is no bar/food available) my group had to ring the doorbell for 20mins before a member of staff let us in. The hotel either faces onto a busy A road or a train line so do not expect a great nights sleep!!!!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Just stay off the first floor!	My husband and I stayed here for one night, and it was fine.We were originally given a room on the first floor. It reeked of cigarette smoke, as did the entire first floor hallway. I was ready to go sleep on a chair at the airport. The guy at reception kindly gave us a third floor room instead. That room smelled fine. Just as I was starting to relax, a loud train passed by the window. It was like something out of My Cousin Vinny. Luckily, the train does not run at night and I got up early, so it wasn't a problem. There is no hair dryer in the room, but the guy at reception had one to lend out. Bring your own shampoo, conditioner and soap (they give you soap, but it smells medicinal). The room got kind of humid after the shower had been used. It is hard to find a room in London that sleeps more than two people. The rooms here do have a pull out couch, so it seems possible to cram a family of four into one room. It would not be my preference, but it apparently can be done.As other reviewers have said, the Park Royal tube station is a short walk away. We couldn't find any place decent to eat in walking distance, though. We had dinner at some kind of Slavic pub called The Ring that was absolutely bizarre. In retrospect, I would have been better off with a Snickers bar and a bottle of Coke from the Travelodge vending machines. I saw one restaurant that looked promising, but it was closed dispite the fact that it was dinner time on a Saturday night.It's a Travelodge. It's about what you'd expect (as long as you're not on the first floor). I think I would have been uncomfortable staying for more than one night. I would not stay here in order to vacation in Central London. I would stay here again (albeit somewhat reluctantly) if I needed a cheap room in the general area.	
Feb 18 2008 	Avoid this hotel at all costs	Paid extra for an early check in as we were attending a Christening in London and were travelling from Wales. When we arrived to check in early we were told all the rooms were dirty. The so called receptionist looked at his computer and said we had not booked an early check in. My credit card was charged for a one night stay AND early check in. He told me to call the reservations line and to sort it out myself. (This is an automative telephone line you dont speak to people). He had no rooms we were not checking in. He was very unhelpful and our day was spoilt as we had to change in a public toilet with our two children. We ended up taking our car to the occasion, so one of us could not drink. This all defeated our booking reservation and we ended up driving home that night. Reception was so unprofessional we decided not to return to even stay there. DISGUSTING MANNERS FROM THE RECEPTIONIST SHAME ON YOU.	
Jan 23 2008 	Cheap tidy and good for central London	We traveled up from the South West and found the Park Royal Travelodge very easily without getting to heavily involved in the London traffic. The car park was £5 a day and pretty secure, with open air parking and under cover available. The hotel is close to a large road, but with the double glazing this is not a particular problem.The lady on reception was very friendly and helpful, giving us adjoining rooms rather than ones on separate floors as originally intended.The rooms were fine; your usual cheap and cheerful Travelodge fair. Our room, 316, had a broken outer window pane, which made rather a loud whistling noise but otherwise it was nice, clean and tidy.The tube station is less than 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and the trip - on the Piccadilly line - is between 30-45 mins to central London. You can usually get a seat for much of the journey, as well. You can get direct to South Kensington (Science/Natural History Museums) and Russell Square (The British Museum).Although the cleaning left a little to be desired we felt Park Royal was a good location for central London, with bargain prices for London!	
Jan 4 2008	Not the best	I stayed at this hotel as a 2nd choice location as I normally stay at the Kew Bridge Travel lodge. It was during a very hot summer and on arrival the checking in was slow and painful! I did feel sorry for the staff as the hotel appears to be in need of some investment and updating - but the service was slow...and the room overlooked the A40, which was - and evidently always is - very busy. I learnt a hard lesson in that during a hot summer, if you're staying at a Travel lodge, take your own fan!! I slept with the window open as it was so warm and had an awful night's sleep as the road outside is so loud. The hotel seemed a bit run down after staying at Kew Bridge and I came away feeling rather disappointed. The area seemed a bit rough. It would not be a 1st, 2nd or 3rd choice next time. Sorry!!	
Dec 14 2007 	About right for the price!	I stayed here as I am on a course in London and the hotels near the course in East London all cost more than 100 pounds per night, so the travelodge seemed a reasonable idea, although it was quite a journey.I had to book late so ended up paying 60pounds per night, although if I had been a little more organised I could've got the room for as little as 29pounds per night.I arrived by car at about 11am and knew that I couldnt check in until 2. I parked my car in the carpark (5 pounds per 24 hours) and walked to the Park Royal tube station, which is about a 5 minute walk on the side of a busy 4 lane road - the walk is far from unpleasant though. A GOOD TIP - walk a little further to Hanger Lane tube station where the services are more regular and slightly shorter to the centre of London.I got back to the hotel at about 9pm and checked in. The staff were very helpful and polite - they gave me a printed reciept for my parking as the barriers were out of operation when I went into the carpark.The room was clean and big enough, with an ensuite bathroom and a sofa - usual travelodge fayre. The only niggle with the room was that the showers had recently been upgraded and the old showers were still in too, but not working - a little wierd but not a problem. The bed was comfortable.My room faced the back and overlooked and overground tube line - o dear I thought at first. but, whilst the trains were audible and until late as well, they didnt stop me having a good nights sleep.I would not have liked to have been on the front of the hotel though as the road seemed busy late into the night when I saw it.In terms of facilities there is a (I think) 24 hour service station with cafe next door and a number of restaurants and a cinema across the road.The only problem I had with the staff was when I came to check out and explained about the carpark barrier showing my reciept. The guy on reception this time was quite offhand and started saying something about the barrier and that I must have a ticket, luckily the phone rang and he just let me out for ease. Not that I wouldve paid - I wouldve argued until I was blue in the face before that!!apart from this a good hotel for the price. some people seem to expect the world on a shoestring budget. this hotel offered a clean room, tea and coffee, and towels, tv etc. for a good price in central london - if you want 5 star standards then pay 5 star prices - otherwise pay a reasonable price for a reasonable room.	
Sep 2 2007	Basic but clean	after reading the reviews we were all expecting a disaster zone it wasnt that bad.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good Value for money	Arrived at 3pm, staff on desk polite and helpfull.room was clean with a good size bathroom. Kettle in room. No Iron or hairdryer but didn't ask for one of either.Park royal tube(piccadilly line) just up road but found the extra few minutes walk to Hangar lane(central line) a more direct way to get about and when you get on or off tube there is a bar near the enterance. Bowling alley, cinema, fast food places opposite but have to walk 10 min via underpass because road is too busy.Have stayed at lots of hotels of varying standards and found this to be fine. I think some people expect 5* with budget price. The drawback to what was a pleasant stay was the traffic noice as we were on front but I always take earplugs just in case.There a eating places local if you don't want to bother in the hotel	
Jul 24 2007 	Sadly underrated	Park Royal Travelodge was for me a last resort as every other London Travelodge on Friday July 20th was at standard rate when I booked. Having read the reviews on tripadvisor I was wondering if I would get out alive, but as things turned out I was pleasantly surprised. The two reception staff I encountered were both most welcoming and professional. The room and adjacent bathroom were clean and tidy and could have been in a Travelodge anywhere. The room was on the third floor at the back, overlooking the Piccadilly Line, and the windows did not shut flush, allowing sound in. This could be a problem for anyone not armed with earplugs (I always carry a pair on overnight stays). The hotel itself was remarkably quiet.Overall at £26 for the night for early bookers Travelodge represents great value for money, and Park Royal does not let the side down as some reports might suggest. If you go looking for faults, no doubt you can find them, but for the money its unbeatable in the capital.The tip about using the subway outside the tube station to cross the A40 is excellent advice, cutting what would otherwise be a lengthy trip by about 2/3. And the tube station is a beautiful example of the art deco/streamline moderne style beloved of the Underground in the early-30s.	
Feb 14 2007 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	Booked this hotel for the evening of new year eve.On arrival the entry gates to the secured parking area were broken. On checking in we were unable to get a receipt as the printer was broken, and we then had to pay for the overnight parking in cash with no receipt. The tv remote in the room was broken. There was no hot water as the heating was broken, this was probably fortunate as their was only one hand towel. Even had there been towels the heated towel rail was unlikely to get very hot as the power lead had been cut.The staff were completely disinterested in any of the problems and would respond with it will be fixed soon to every report of an issue. When pressed for a realistic time for repair the repitition of it will be fixed soon was matched with an obvious increase in aggression.Worked out the theme yet ?Overall this was the worst place I have ever stayed. I will endevour to avoid all Travel Lodge in the future.At least we enjoyed New Years Eve!	
Jan 14 2007 	Disgusting service even for £26 a night	We arrived at 3pm to check in and were greeted by a woman who said nothing and wasnt very welcoming. The lift was broken most of the time which wasnt a problem as we're both. We stayed in room 210, and at first the room seemed to be a typical Travelodge, rather spartan but comfortable enough. The first problem we noticed was the radiator in the bathroom was hanging off the wall exposing the pipes and sharp edges!! The shower was far too powerful for a comfortable shower. The bathroom flooded as the curtain was blown in by the force of the shower. The window wouldnt shut properly and meant the tubes travelling along till 12:30am were constantly bugging us.What i was most horrified at and disgusted with was the kettle in the room. I boiled the kettle at 12:00am and fell asleep. In most cases this would be fine as the switch flicks off when boiled, but the switch wasnt working and i woke 10 mins later with a pungent burning smell and a lot of steam in the room. The element in the kettle had burned up. I found this frankly disgusting for such a company as Travelodge. In the corridor the thermostat was hanging off the wall, and people had rummaged through my girlfriends magazines.To sum up this Travelodge: Terrible staff, service, conditions, and above all safety. If this is the case in all of them they should be sued for saftey negligence	
Jan 5 2007 	Make A New Year's resolution To Avoid This Place	On 8 December I booked a family room at the above Travelodge for the night of 31 December 2006. I regularly travel and always use Travelodge where the location is suitable and the price competitive. I needed easy access to the Underground so Park Royal seemed ideal.We arrived at the Travelodge a few minutes before 3PM. I went to reception but was informed (quite correctly) that check-in time was 3PM. We were told to wait. After sitting in the car park we saw others apparently checking in so we returned at exactly 3PM. There were three young ladies checking in before us. I heard the male receptionist inform them that they had to pay £5 each per night to park their, two, cars in the hotel’s car park. When they queried this he told them that if they failed to pay their cars would be towed away during the night. I felt that the attitude of the receptionist was intimidating. Being a member, of the Travelodge membership scheme, who books online I had used the website to make this booking and had remembered the overnight rate of £59 but did not recall any mention of a parking charge. I had my confirmation documents but these did not mention any fee for overnight parking. When it was my turn to register I queried this additional fee but was told that the Travelodge website contained warnings about parking fees. I was suspicious of this extra charge as the record of parking fees paid seemed to be on a non-standard form.I have checked that website upon my return and found the relevant section, and found mention of a fee but the documents displayed and received when making an internet reservation do not mention this. The barrier to the car park was broken so there was little security afforded to vehicles left there.We were assigned room 402. Apologies were proffered as the lift was out of order. We had to carry our luggage to the fourth floor. Not an easy task, climbing eight flights of stairs, as I suffer from arthritis.When we had staggered to our room we discovered that there was no provision for my fifteen year old daughter. The room was set up for just two, as I am aware is the normal practice, but the hotel was aware of her presence so we thought that an extra cup, towel and sheet for the sofa bed might have been provided.I sent my daughter (the eight flights) downstairs to obtain these missing items. She returned to inform me that the hotel had run out of towels and was not expecting a delivery until Monday 1st January! Did no one have the foresight to order sufficient laundry over a Bank Holiday weekend? Perhaps they did not know that 1st January is a Bank Holiday?Room 402 is at the back of the building overlooking a railway line and the hotel’s dumping ground for rubbish. I have been so disgusted by this establishment that I took photographs prior to leaving. (See photographs on this site). The room was noisy and, despite having the windows closed, we were constantly disturbed by the railway traffic. Being New Year the trains ran until 0430. There is no warning on the website of this possible annoyance.When making up my daughter’s sofa bed I was appalled and disgusted by the stained condition of the spare pillow. (See photograph). There was no pillow protector, which I would consider to be a basic requisite in a hotel. This type of staining should be obvious to any housekeeping staff maintaining the room.Because of the general state of the room and linen we decided to look at the mattress on the double bed. On the side my wife would have slept we found a stain approximately 18” in diameter (see photograph). The mattress was supposed to be turned regularly and there is a calendar for turning stitched into it. The stained side, which was uppermost when we arrived, was not the December side. As we had been discouraged by the lack of cooperation from the staff on reception earlier we decided to just turn the mattress over. The under sheet, which had been laid on it, was obviously contaminated by association so we decided to spend the night on top of the duvet. At least the room was warm. Incidentally, the inner duvet was also stained, but the duvet cover hid this. As can be seen from the photographs, there was no mattress protector.After a night disturbed by railway noise, and the constantly dripping tap in the bathroom sink, we rose to find that, after two showers, the hot water ceased, so that my wife had a freezing cold shower.When we were taking our luggage downstairs (the lift still being out of action) we encountered several guests coming up carrying towels. Apparently the night porter, realising that several rooms were without clean linen, had ordered a supply during the night. As it was a Bank Holiday I am amazed that he had been able to arrange a delivery. Why couldn’t the receptionist on duty at 3PM on Sunday 31st December have organised this? Instead three of us had to share two towels. Both my wife and daughter have long hair and really need two towels each when they shower. We spoke to two other residents who told us that not only had towels been in short supply but there had been no hot water on the 4th floor during the morning of Sunday 31st December. In addition shortage of linen had been a problem throughout the weekend. Some rooms had no power to the electricity sockets so hot drinks were impossible to prepare and the telephones had been ‘dead’.There is a sign on the door, as you leave, requesting customer feedback. I decided to ask for a feedback form. Reception was deserted. I decided to take another photograph and the flash going off attracted the attention of staff. I was asked if I had enjoyed my stay. I replied in the negative and requested a customer feedback form only to be told that they had run out. Apparently several residents had wanted to supply feedback this weekend. I wonder why!I have stayed at cheaper motels in this country which offer far superior standards. I resent being charged £59 for occupying squalid conditions and then being expected to pay, what amounts to a surcharge, for insecure parking.We came away from the Park Royal Travelodge feeling dirty and exploited.	
Jan 4 2007 	Not very impressed!	I've now stayed @ a number of Travelodges, using them as one night stopovers when going to events, concerts or long journeys. For the money (£26) I wouldn't normally comment as I don't expect &quot;The Ritz&quot; I do however think that this is the worst one I have stayed at. On arrival we waited several minutes to be attended to as the receptionist was on the phone in a back room. He came through mid conversation and eventually hung up and checked us in. I got the impression that he spoke very little English as he only spoke three sentences which sounded as though they had been rehearsed. The lift was out of order which wasn't a problem to us as we didn't have luggage but with five floors, I wouldn't have envied anyone with suitcases and family in tow.The room itself was standard Travelodge, only one towel was provided, the shower was lukewarm but extremely powerful ( To the extent of being painful) . The floors were also quite creaky and we were aware of the noise we were making and could also hear other guests on the floor above. On the plus side I thought the secondary glazing muffled the sound from the busy A40 outside pretty well. One more negative, we arrived back around midnight and there was a family in reception trying to report that their room had been broken into. They seemed to be having difficulty getting the receptionist to understand what was going on. They were asking for the police to be called. I would expect that there should be at least some form of security in the hotel but the front door was still open @ midnight. I wasn't aware of any CCTV coverage within the building and as it isn't in the best location I think the security of the guests and their belongings should be a priority. Once again on checkout the reception desk was deserted, we had paid in advance so did not have a bill to settle but it would have been very frustrating if we had. there wasn't a key drop either so we just had to throw our key over the desk. Another security risk I would say.We were on a tight schedule and didn't have time to submit a comment card, a suggestion to the management would be to put these in the rooms not behind the deserted reception desk.I will not be revisiting!	
Aug 1 2006 	Don't stay here with small children!	We travel to London a lot, and the in-laws kindly book us into a local hotel of their choice and pay for it. We arrived very late after driving from Manchester after we finished work, to be told at the reception - &quot;oh, the booking was for one person&quot; - (WRONG!) so there will not be enough bedding or towels in your room. I grimly smiled and said 'well I assume the travel cot we requested is in there' - no it wasn't. It was gone midnight, I had a just waking up grumpy toddler, and all we wanted to do was collapse in our room. The hotel guy in fairness was very polite, and the only person on duty in the hotel. He said he would try and find us a cot. Half an hour later he said he couldn't find one, and would ring other local travelodges. I assured him that we were not going to sit up all night and wait for that and we would make do, but please could we have one found and put in our room for the next day. We asked if we could have some more pillows and towels as the room was only set up for one person and there were three of us. But we were told the linen room was a mess and there was a staff shortage so no. The socket outside our room door, which was at perfect toddler height, was hanging loose off the wall, and despite me pointing it out, it was not repaired at all during our two day stay. The next morning as we went out I noticed the linen room was open, so I poked my head round the door and there was all the linen and pillows anyone could require. When we returned from our day out there was still no travel cot in our room, no one had been in there to clean it or replace the dirty towel we had left for changing in the bath, but a plastic bag was outside with a towel and some tea bags and milk. I went back to the open linen room and helped myself to three more pillows and pillowcases. There are no breakfast facilities there and we ended up having breakfast in Tesco for the two days we stayed there. Also the noise from Hangar Lane traffic is pretty loud, and there was still a traffic jam outside at 4 am (I know I can't blame Travelodge for that!) The windows only open a few inches, and there was no air con in there. Luckily we had thought to take a fan with us, which we accidentally left in the room when we left. We realised and went back for it a few hours later after we checked out, to find it had been put in a cupboard and for some obscure reason the stickers my daughter had stuck on it had been removed!I am usually a big fan of Travelodge and use them a lot as we tend to stay in various parts of the country often while visiting family. But this place (and the local Wembley one too) seem to let the whole chain down. There are some good Travelodges in London - but this is not one of them!!!!	
Mar 4 2004	Nil for service avoid if poss	The smoking rooms are in need of some paint. The heaters draw the smoke in , and the whole corner of the room where the heater is located is black.I had a broken tap, and no repair was done during my 3 day stay - even though I complained twice.My bathroom had it's towel rail completely removed from the wall, and the plastic housing that covered the mains electricity was broken, exposing the wires inside - very safe - I think not.The carpet under the beds have not seen a vacumn cleaner for ages.My pillow cases were dirty on arrival.The shower pressure is so high, it is impossible to shower without the shower curtain being drawn towards you. Either this or a flooded bathroom.Advice - If you have to stay here, choose a non-smoking room. Ask for an even numbered room, as these are on the back of the hotel and, if hot (no aircon), you will only be troubled by the passing trains (every 5-10 minutes). The odd numbered rooms are on the front - OK if you use the triple glazing, but if you have to vent your room you won't get any sleep for the traffic noise.My advice, use Travel Inn if visiting the UK - similar price but streets ahead on service and cleanliness.Beware	
Jul 4 2008 	Der Service ist dort ein Fremdwort		
