	what a dump	just got back from a weekend in london staying at the costello palace hotel,what a dump. me and six friends was on a coach party. we was given are room key which was on the top floor with no lifts.walked in was not impressed, there was stains on the carpet and sick down side of the bedside cabinet .we went to put a light on and there was no bulbs so we was asked for another room which was better, but looked like it had not been cleaned are decorated in years .no one on are coach was happy with there rooms.if you are thinking of stopping at the costello palace hotel dont.	
Mar 9 2009 	one of the best place to stay	I stayed in this hotel on 21 feb 2009 for 2 nights and i can say that this is one of the best Bed &amp; Breakfast hotel i had ever stayed. The hotel was very nice and clean, staff was very healpful, great breakfast and very clean bath. I would say that it was great value for money, i strongly recomend this hotel for your stay.	
Dec 27 2008	Good Hotel you get what you pay for!	I had arranged a friend to find me a hotel for 3 days because I was traveling to London with my father, It was one of those trips a quick booking find flights &amp; hotel quick &amp; now. I read all the reviews about the hotel &amp; said Ohh my god what have i done! But there was no time to change it was there or no where! We arrived at the hotel just infornt of the hotel is a lovely large park just in front of the hotel where you can relax,kids can run around safely. The bus stop is just a 1 min walk away that will take you to Trafalgar square you cant get that in all hotels!Ok it was not the best looking at hotel buy eye sight but the price was great the hotel was clean &amp; I was in the old part not the new wing, Our room was just as any budget hotel you can find, to be honest I think we liked it better the TV had more channels then others I normally stay in. the beds where clean room was clean Hot water with pressure &amp; I mean pressure! What else do you need Ohh by the way the breakfast was great the dining room was big clean &amp; I was surprised. I really thought we was going into a hell hole but I am glad to say we was glad to sleep there it was safe quite &amp; clean, If you normally go to the Hilton or intercontinental this hotel is not your type but for a budget class I would go there again any day!	
Aug 3 2008 	Ohh Jezus!!	Booked a triple room for myself and my two sons, as i had booked tickets to watch Arsenal as a joint birthday treat for them. The football was very good and the trip into London (Covent Garden) was excellent. However thats where the good news stops, as we then had to stay in this shabby, run down, smelly, incredibly noisy 'hotel'!!(and i use the term 'hotel' very loosely).At £135.00 for the three of us it wasn't exactly cheap, i would expect Premier Inn type quality back in Yorkshire for that money, this place however resembles something out of the dark ages!!Staff cant be bothered, took guy on front desk forever to find my name on the booking sheet, and how i wish he hadn't when we walked into the room. Small, fusty smelling, with filthy curtains, and wardrobe which i think they would get a fortune from 'Antiques Roadshow'. This place hasn't been refurbished in many a long time, and how it needs it!. The bathroom is something i will never forget, small plastic and falling apart, no plug for the sink, and the plastic cover for the light fitment hanging on by a thread. The flush worked on a 'hit and miss' ratio and never stopped filling up the cystern, which was really noisy, but not half as noisy as every other guests walking up and down the stairs until all hours of the night, and as our room wall was right next the stairs and apparently paper thin i heard everybody coming to bed, even hearing a delightful arguement by some couple at 2 in the morning before ending with the loudest slamming of a door ive ever heard!!. If that wasn't bad enough, had a surprise visit from what i assume was another guest (i really not sure) at 5am, who apparently had a key for our room and preceeded to unlock the door and walk straight in while we were trying to get some sleep. When he realised there were actually paying guests trying to sleep in the room his only words of apology were 'Ohh Jezus!!' before leaving the room to shout down the corridor to his mate that they couldn't sleep in this room tonight!!. Bloody hell....ive had a better nights sleep in my car, and the 'full' english breakfast that we had the following morning wasn't anything to write home about. Two rashers of undercooked bacon, an egg, a plum tomato and a few beans!! Wow really gone to town on that one then!!! Couldn't wait to get out of the god forsaken place and head back up the M1 toYorkshire. If this is London's idea of quality accomodation you can certainly keep it. I for one will most definately not be returning and ill only recomend it to my worst enemies!!! DONT GO!!!! PLEASE GOD DONT DO IT!!	
Jul 14 2008 	A pleasant stay	I stayed at the hotel at the beginning of July I found the room to be very comfortable. I booked an en suite room, i was told they were newly refurbished rooms and this was evident in the decor as everything in the room was new. The rooms were spacious, clean and well decorated. There was even a plasma screen with extra channels in the room. I enjoyed a full english breakfast which was well cooked and all the staff were friendly. The guaranteed parking was also a plus and made my travels during the day easier.	
Mar 2 2008 	Small Dirty but nice staff.	OK, good bits first....the staff, were nice and it's quite a good location, nice breakfast, oh and the 24hr checkin. Bad bits: Small, dirty room, bit too expensive, cigarette, dirt and rubbish under bed, tiny plastic caravan style bathroom, bad signal on TV, hearing everyone else slamming doors, next to noisy main road, big bright light shining into bedroom window all night (and broken curtain), breakfast finishes at 9am on weekdays (bit too early) and holes in bedsheets.	
Feb 23 2008 	Not a lot i can say	When arrived at hotel, there was building work going on. this we were not told.Booked in, no lift so had to carry heavy bag up the stairs. place was being refurbished, so was a bit difficult trying to get up to the floor with sheets blowing out of door ways.Got to room there was a 2 inch gap under the door. Opened door and was horrified at how small the room was, we had booked a double room, but even one person was going to have a problem moving around in this room it was tiny. When you think of the old comment, not enough room to swing a cat, i believe the cat had already legged it, but its tail got left behind when the door shut.No room for cases other than on the bed, one chair to sit on. The so called bathroom, was in fact a pre built unit which was about the size of a double wardrobe. Which had been built in to the corner of the room. if you sat on the loo, you could touch the far end of the shower and on the other side the sink and still not have straight arms (get how small it was, even a toddler would have had problems in that shower to move).it took one step from the bathroom to the bed (trying not to hit yourself with the bathroom door when closing it)and my feet were black, from the carpet. on first look the room looked clean ish, however when you sat down or looked a little closer it wasn’t as clean as it looked. the skirting boards under the radiator was 1cm taller than it should have been due to a build up of dust and fluff, spider nests (yes more than one or two) above the window. the walls look as if they have not been washed in a very long time, this was clear from all the black marks on them, including blood spots.the wardrobe was well lets say smaller that a normal single wardrobe and not even big enough to hang anything in it and also be able to close the door.The bed was ok, coverings a bit old fashioned. but didn’t understand why there was only one blanket and the bed throw on it for the night. However this became very clear when i closed the window, to shut out the noise of the traffic from the main road, even the sheet was to much to try and sleep with. Breakfast was 7pm &gt;9pm so much for a lay in. Breakfast room as clean, waiting on staff were nice and served well. however they only offered toast with marmalade and a fried breakfast (tin tomatoes, beans, egg and bacon) since i do not eatbacon i asked if i could have something else, but that is all that was on offer. it was well cooked, but the kitchen seamed to be the meeting place for everyone else, including the workman.i have recently obtained the new level 4 certificate in hygiene, so yes i maybe a little fussy, but i do expect the cook in this case to have her hair tied back, and the kitchen kept free from anything that may contain a hygiene problem, so i guess they did not think that having builders in the kitchen in full working gear, while they were working a hygiene problem.i did not stay more than one night, i found other accommodation that was rather cleaner and with a real bathroom over near Kings Cross for less money.	
Oct 8 2007 	faulty towers	just back from a weekend in London, stayed at the Costello Palace Hotel and had the worst experience of my life. Worst hotel ever stayed in faulty towers would be an improvement. Rooms very small and fusty, bathrooms like something of a building site. Walls were paper thin you could hear the guests in the next room. Some one banging on the bedroom door in the middle of the night. Breakfast was disgusting.. Would never recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.	
Sep 24 2007 	Absolutely awful	This is easily the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room I was given combined peeling, mildewed wallpaper, with collapsing curtain rails and an ensuite shower room that resembled something from a caravan (small and plastic). If it hadn't been the only available room in the vicinity (London fashion week was on so all other hotels were fully booked), I would have checked straight out and gone elsewhere. And to top it all, the room wasn't cheap!	
Sep 17 2007 	Cheapbut far from cheerful	September 07My husband and I had booked 2 nights at this hotel.Demolision taking place on both sides rubble and dust everywhere. Reception was dark and gloomly. My heart sank, but worse was to come, the room was awful. The bedroom wasnt make up properly,sheets just lying on the bed. One dingy towel. The en suite bathroom? was a kind of plastic add on room which stank ,used soap in the washhand basin.The dark curtains where absolutely filthy and just hanging from a couple of hooks. The smell was awful.There was no way we where staying in this hotel. Even though we had paid for 2 nights we walked out.Lurch at reception didnt seem surprised. Not a nice area,dont come here, at least not on your own.	
