	It's absolutely fine. Don't worry!!!	I stayed in this hotel at the end of November after booking B&amp;B for £48 off travelsupermarket. I was slightly concerned as although I've never had an awful hotel experience, the TA rating was low and the comments were awful.The Vegas Hotel is well located and just 5-10 minutes walk from Victoria station which can take you to Gatwick airport easily. Check in was simple. I asked for a double but got a twin room, but I was too tired to complain and the twin beds moved together anyway!The rooms are small and typical for the sort of building in the area in that they are quite tatty. However, they aren't dirty - they just need a lick of paint. The en suite was fine but no cups in the room meant getting a drink of water wasn't easy. The windows aren't double glazed but the street noise is ok until about 8:00 in the morning. Breakfast is simple with decent orange juice, tea and coffee and some toast, butter and jam or marmalade.Overall, a simple and efficient night's stay with none of the drama mentioned by other reviewers.	
Nov 16 2009 	Small very small... but cheap and well centred in Victoria.	We arrived at November 13th 2009 at the hotel. We could only check in at 02:00 pm, while we had already arrived at Victoria Coach Station at 10:00 am after a very long and bumpy ride with a Terravision bus from London Stansted Airport. The young man at the reception told us we couldn't check in, yet. We could leave our luggage in the dining room already though. I didn't feel comfortable leaving my luggage in the dining room and decided to keep wearing my 9 kg backpack the rest of the morning through London. My friend who had a much heavier suitcase had no choice to trust these people.Finally we could check in at 02:00 pm. Both, my friend and I were surprised we were expected to pay for the room in advance. We got room 10 which is at the first floor. My friend could hardly enter the room with her suitcase, because the door is so narrow. I had to enter the room sideways myself (but I'm a big bloke). We stood directly in a 'hall' with at our left hand a small door to the toilet and at the right a shower base which was only separated from the 'hall' by a yellowish shower curtain. The door right in front of us lead to the actual bedroom. This door, with door-spring, was as small as the primary door to the 'room'. Our bedroom measured 2 x 4 metres. The beds were placed against the sides standing opposite from each other. Like the entire interior of the hotel, the room was painted in salmon pink and off-white. The paint job had been done quite poorly and made me think of an average student room.I can not confirm the accusations of mouldy and/or dirty rooms. The room got vacuumed every afternoon and the beds were made again, when we came back to our room, tired of walking all day long.The breakfast downstairs in the dining room, which seems to be a cellar to me. I assume the term 'continental breakfast' is chosen very consciously by the manager. It allows him to keep the breakfast very light and sober and therefore cheap. I was surprised to see that the cleaning lady was preparing the toast for the guests. It makes me think that the staff of the hotel is one family running the hotel.The staff was polite towards me and my friend, although they weren't very conversational. In my opinion it wouldn't be a bad idea if these people attend a course customer contact. It was nice that the reception was manned for 24 hours per day, though. Finally I have to make a remark about the so called walking distance. Of course it's great to have your hotel located near the stations in Victoria. But a walking distance of only 3 minutes is just not true! With a regular pass it will take you at least 10 minutes to reach Victoria Coach Station and certainly 15 minutes to reach Victoria Train Station and Victoria Underground Station. I'm personally not a fast walker, so it took me even some more time. But you can only reach the Victoria Coach Station in 3 minutes if you're a very well trained runner.At the end, I think it's not too bad for the price we've paid. Yes the hotel is quite dodgey and dull but don't expect a 5* room for a 2* price. If you want the service and the style, than you have to pay for it.	
Oct 23 2009 	Absolutely dreadful place.	This hotel was dangerous in terms of health and safety and fire regulations. Everything was filthy and the smell of sewage and blocked drains was atrocious. Our one night was a nightmare because of the stink and the ground-in filth. In the event of fire, dozens will be killed. This hotel is a fire hazard and death trap. Overall this is the most frightful place I have ever been. Stay well away.	
Oct 1 2009 	clean but ugly as hell and smaller than mine toilet	I was attracted by the great location, very close to Victoria station. But other than that, I would never want to go there ever again!!! I mean, the receptionist was ok, helpful and smiling a lot, but everything else was... I was speachless for a minute. My room was on the 1st floor. I opened the door and found myself in a toilet. Under the shower. Because first you enter the bathroom, and only later you open another door - and go to the room. I must admit, it was clean, but smelling strange. Humidity and worn out furniture, no closet... It was ok for a night, but nothing longer. But everytime you want to go out, you have to pass through this bloody toilet and shower. Holding one door, staying in the middle of the shower, and grabbing the other door, sometimes with the luggage. Absolutely horrific! In total - they won't see me ever again!!!	
Jul 19 2009 	MONEY WELL SPEND	Our stay at Vegas hotel was great. Location was perfect.Room was small but was clean and bright, we booked Twin basic room and we were lucky to get room with toilet and shower. 24hr hot water. Can’t ask for more,Breakfast was basic continental which was ok.Staffs were helpful. Overall value for money.	
Jun 5 2009 	Leaving was the best decision we ever made!	This has to be the worst hotel I've never stayed in. We turned up to check in and were told to come back later then turned up again (after a 9 hour journey) to stand around for twently minutes before we were told they had cancelled our booking without informing us although they could still give us a different room. BUT... The hotel smelled awful (wouldnt be surprised if something had died there) , the staff were very unfriendly (to the point of insulting), completely unhelpful and barely spoke english. As far as every room having an ensuite goes, this is rubbish. We didn't check but there were other guest wandering around with towels and soap etc obviously on the way to their 'ensuite' on another floor. So we left! The desk clerk then stood outside talking about us as we tried to phone home for advice which was really quite intimidating. Only advice would be to avoid this hotel or you will seriously regret it!!!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Disgusting unhygienic and revolting	Saw three rooms. One on top floor not bad, small but relatively clean. Next door had a smell of blocked drains permeating the bedroom. We were moved to the basement room which was absolutely filthy but didn't smell. There was thick dust and filthy walls, the shower curtain was covered in black mold, the fan in the shower roomwas clogged with filth the bedding was torn and the staff unhelpful and rude.If the rooms are that dirty we couldn't stand the thought of how dirty the kitchen (a place guests don't see) might be. We left without risking breakfast. They ask for payment on arrival, had they not, we would have left.	
Mar 31 2009 	horrible horrible stay away!	what can i say about this hotel?anything?peole have said the good bonus is its near the station, well its a ten minute walk normally but when you are draging suitcases its more like half an hour.the staff are rude unfriendly, i asked for them to call for a cab for me and they said `we cant do that`.they made me drag my suitcases up 5 floors after telling me the original room on the first floor is booked...i had a three year old baby with me too. ridiculous.the carpet next to the door is rotting away and coverered in mould as are the curtains.the hotel stinks of curry coming from the reception.it may be budget ish priced but for an extra tenner you can get 100% better service from any hotel nearby.the internet is crap, i used my laptop it constantly disconnected.worst hotel everavoid it like the plague	
Mar 12 2009 	Cheap not that great but good value for money	The value for money at the hotel was good, but in all honesty, I wouldn't recommend the hotel. I probably could have found somewhere for a similar rate that didn't share a toilet with the whole ground floor. The shower in our room was temperamental at best, the TV was aged and wouldn't turn on and the beds were quite thin and not that comfy. the blankets were a little meagre, considering the draft from the window as we had room 1 that was just inside the entrance.It was noisy there as well, often I was awoken in the night by music playing from the reception station which was just on the other side of our thin wall. Reception staff were polite and nice enough but would have been nicer to have a room that wasn't right next to the reception station. We could hear everything that was said in there, unfortunately.Overall, cheap as chips and you can't go wrong if you're really working on a budget. But ultimately, you'll sleep better and probably feel much more comfortable somewhere else.	
Feb 22 2009 	Now this place is small!!	The staff was nice enough and the internet was only a pound a day. But I could barely get my suitcase and myself in the room at the same time. The bed was not quite 6' long and if I was any taller, I couldn't have fit. The bathroom is not as large as a small cubboard. It was less than 24&quot; across. And maybe 5' long. That included the shower! No radio, or cable. No remote for the TV either. Not even a chair to sit down. Kind of noisy in the morning as well. I tried to goto breakfast, but the place was always packed and when I went back, it was picked clean.	
Dec 17 2008	Cheap and cheerfull.	Ok ill be completely honest with you its not the best Hotel in the world but we payed just £16 per night per person bed and continental breakfast and pretty much got what you would expect for that price.The rooms themself were on the small side but were basic enough and had enough space to do what you needed to do ie washing and sleeping.They were fairly clean but the ceiling did have a big mouldy patch on it,but lets be honest how many people would actually go and touch the ceiling anyway!!Breakfast was cornflakes and toast with tea or coffee so pretty standard really.The hotel location was fine only being about 5 min walk from Victoria Coach/Train staions.We actually managed to spend most of our time in London without using the tube as the hotel was so central to everything.I would say dont be put off by the negative comments on here as im sure some people just like to moan about everything-they expect 5* rooms ect for 2* prices when im afraid that just isnt going to happen.We would and probably will stay here again as its like the tital says CHEAP AND CHEERFULL	
Dec 3 2008	nightmare in victoria	I had planned a touristic trip to london with wife and chidren. we booked by internet for 8 night , and called them to be sure one month before.when we arrived , a man in reception who is unable to speak english , said that there is only one room at basement . He means it is a room , a garden converted room , but it was a garden tent actualy. we switched to a normal ! double room after 2 night. I have been more than 20 country , how many cities I dont remember. But I have to confess that it is the worst hotel in my life.	
Apr 24 2008 	Vegas Hotel was good	Vegas Hotel London was good. Employees were very nice.Rooms were bit small, but worked well. Rooms were clean. Was well worth the price	
Apr 16 2008 	oh my god	Me and my partner stayed in this hotel for one night. ONE NIGHT TOO MANY!! Dirty is a good way to sum it up, net curtains were black with mould the bed sheets had stains on them, the bathroom had moulds growing i have never before seen in my life!!I am very suprised we did not get sick from staying here. Don't risk it!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 23 2008 	You get what you pay for	Four of us stayed in this hotel recently and we considered it value for moneyRoom was small but clean and quiet.(high celling)Bathroom was tiny but functional. Central heating was fine. Breakfast was included, basic but good enough to keep you going until lunch time. Coffee was ordinary, but you can have as much cereal and toast as you want - just ask for it! Decoration Work was going on during our stay,( we could smell fresh paint in our rooms to)Felt very secure with 24 hour desk &amp; helpful staff. Overall, you get what you pay for and we were satisfied.	
Feb 25 2008	worst hotel in the world	We had booked out accommodation online, via the Vegas hotel website about 4 weeks before our arrival date.just to make sure, although i had written printed confirmation, i had called the hotel to confirm our booking and was told all was fine.we arrived at the hotel at 3am to then be told that our booking was canceled due to our credit card not working (it was working fine after calling the bank). I had then said but we have cash to pay for our stay. They didn't care, they wouldn't give us a room. we had to find a place to stay at 3am in the morning. Shocking service, i would never recommend this place to anyone	
Jan 24 2008 	not that good	its worth about a 1 or 2*, the staff, dont speak to you, not friendly at all. the rooms are very very small, you can only walk around one side of the bed. we didnt even bother getting up for breakfast as we knew it would be rubbish! The only good things about it is the ideal location 5 minutes away from victoria station, and that they onyl charge £1 each to leave your bags for hte day if you want to go siteseeing etc on your last day. when we went there was builders on the building next door, so got woke up by all the noise. this is not there fault however i feel it would of been appropriate to of warned us prior to our visit. The room is very old fashinoned, dirty walls, ripped curtains and it can go on.. not recommend!	
Jan 19 2008 	Charged us much more than agreed in advance	We'd booked the room at a hotel website but when we got there they said they didn't have a reservation in our name and that they didn't have a room available until the next day but we could stay at their other hotel across the road and then move in to Vegas the next day. They couldn't give us the price we booked i for i was 20 pound more per night. Since it was during easter we didn't really know what else to find in London, so we checked in.I'm pretty sure they had our booking, cause they had send us an email in advance confirming the reservation. My mistake was that i didn't print this email and brought it and thats when they saw their chance to make som extra money.Apart from this it was a crappy room with an uncomfortable bed.	
Dec 19 2007	Stay away	I was allocated to room that is literally a converted garden shed. It had an worn out ensuite bath/toilet the size of a postage stamp. The bed was OK, but the room was just plain shabby. I have stayed in loads of hotels in London of varying quality and would seriously advise people to stay away from this one.	
Sep 4 2007 	Please please please stay away!!!!!!!	This has to be the most filthy hotel in the world!!!!We checked in on Sept 3 and within 10 mins had walked right back out, with a smell stuck in my nose so bad I was actually retching as I walked away, the rooms are tiny to say the least, filthy dirty with mould and mildew on the walls and ceilings and the curtains are held upright by the dirt and mould, I am not exaggerating when I say how dirty it is, to the extent that I am actually reporting them to Westminster Council on health and safety and environmental grounds, the receptionist tried his hardest to get us to stay in other hovels they call rooms and then in his desperation even offered to wash the curtains. To add insult to injury as we had initialy checked in and decided to turn tail and look for somewhere half decent we lost out money, so be warned. STAY AWAY!!!!!	
Aug 17 2007 	Friendly Staff	It was my 1st time in london i was really impressed by staff who welcomed us with a smile and helped us to carry our bages.friend of mine recommended vegas hotrel.i Stayed in room #12 i was surprised by room size. next day i thought of checking out my wife was not happy with room size ..we checked few hotels in victoria and found out all hotels room size were same . we asked receptionist if he can change us to biger room he showed us 2rooms and all room size were same.last day we were checking out at 5:30am we requested staff if we can have early breakfast he said 5:30am is too early than too he brought tea to our room at 5:00am.We'll be back and will recommend to our friends	
Jul 29 2007	Horrible  Horrible Horrible filfthy broken grubby !	The worst , ever !the beds were too short to stretch out in and I'm only 5 feet seven inches tall..the radiator was at the foot of the bed.They were asked to give us a wake-up call at 5:15I even asked them to put a sign on the board so they would't forget they did forget..almost cost us a bunch ......My son said that it was like being in a dungeon...worst night ever !Do not go there !	
Jul 5 2007 	Ruined the trip!	Undoubetedly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Double room with barely enough space to walk round the bed. Dirty furnishings, dirty walls, leaking shower tray, torn curtains. Breakfast is pathetic and not worth getting up for. Sorry, but do yourself a favour and ignore this one.	
Nov 22 2006 	well below standard!!	this was the worst B &amp; B i've ever stayed in! very cramped. very dirty and seems as though bed covers are not washed or changed between guest check-ins!the state of the rooms are just not up to scratch. very dusty along the skirtng boards. i wouldnt recommend this B &amp; B to anyone really. there are loads more B &amp; B's around the area which i'm sure are much better. for the £40 i paid, i expected a lot better!!!wont b goin back there for sure!!	
Nov 15 2006 	Barely ok...	We stayed a 'good' 4 nights at Vegas. For its location the pricing seems ok. Besides it appears that only this hotel is available for our tight schedule.Bit disappointed that the facitilites fall short of expectation. There were no phones nor radio and we have to borrow water heater to boil water. Area is clamped and we do not know that bathroom does not come with wc. Also one of the bedsheet was badly damped (dun know why). There was no fan so we have to leave window open, and the noise can be bothering as our unit faces Warwick Way.London is a wonderful place but reckon we would try other hotels nearby for a break..J&amp;S, Singapore	
Sep 28 2006 	So what did you expect for that price? :-)	It's cheap considering the location. But - expect what you can get for that price. Considering central European standards, it is dirty. Considering ussual breakfast in central European hotels, the food is ... a joke. Every morning, for six days: - 4 toasts (for 2 persons) - butter and jam (in two flawors) - coffee or tea (coffee??? not really) - juice (yes, 1 glass - 1 dcl) - milk for making some kind of flakes (to affraid to try)And sorry, everything for eating (spoon, knife,...) is cleaned with... well, most probably three drops of cold water. So take something with you to clean it!Take a hotel a bit further from centre (perhaps zone 2, Greenwich or something). Since you'll pay the same for much better.I didnt' have the will and time to photo the floor in the room. But it looked like somebody just had 10 dogs with him in the room. With looooong hair.The stuff is kind enough, even tough I didn't see them wearing more then 1 cloth for 6 days. :-)Oh, I must not forget - don't be affraid of the reception. :-)))And ask for the internet. WiFi is just 1 pound for the whole staying!	
Apr 18 2006	Still have bad memories	We spent one night in this dingy little place and that was enough! The room was so-so clean. The bath was very tiny but at least it smelled of bleach, so I knew it had been cleaned recently. The bedspread and window curtains and carpet were filthy, but the bed sheets and towels were clean. I was so tired from a long flight that I was just happy to see a bed, so I did sleep okay. Breakfast was meager; cold cereal and tea/coffee. I'm sure there are a thousand hotels in London better than this place. For the rest of our visit in London we stayed at the nearby Georgian House Hotel. It was a million times nicer than the Vegas!	
Sep 1 2005	We thought we have already seen the worst but..	We thought we have already seen the worst, but Vegas hotel proved us wrong.I stayed in the Vegas hotel with a friend for a week (yes, a week..). We had booked a twin room a couple of months before and the booking was ok when we arrived to the hotel. We had to pay the room when checking in which made me feel like now we cannot escape even if we wanted to. I am not sure how usual this kind of payment system is but so far I have only stayed in the hotels where you pay when you check out.Positive thing was that our room was ready immediately and we could take our luggage there. Negative thing was that the room was in the 2nd floor, I think, and the stairs were so narrow that it was hard to carry a large and heave luggage upstairs. No lift, of course.Someone should have taken a picture of our confused faces when we opened the room door: we were staring right into the shower. Yep, the bathroom with the shower and toilet was right there. We actually thought that we had accidentally opened a door to the shared bathroom. But there was another door in the bathroom as well that led to the actual room.I guess, you could say that the bedroom was quite ok. There were two beds with clean sheets, towels, very old TV and even two soaps. There was also a safe deposit box but it looked quite old and unsafe and required some kind of card that probably would have been available in the reception.In the bathroom there was the hairdryer which looked ugly and unsafe so we used our own. Going to the bathroom was quite horrible experience. The wall tiles looked clean but not the floor. The floor was yellow and looked very dirty. The idea of going to the shower seemed so disgusting that we had to go and buy ourselves very cheap flip flops in order to have courage to step into the bathroom.Furthermore, our toilet wasn't flushing properly and after a couple of times it did not flush at all. So we went to complain when we left out and when we came back we heared that the problem was fixed. Well, it was fixed for two flushes. In the night, I started to investigate the situation myself and noticed that water should be added to the tank and so I filled the tank with water using 0,5l bottle a couple of dozen times. And the toilet was happy until the last day when we had to repeat the water trick again.I am not sure if the sheets were ever changed or just turned around or something like that but .. our used and still wet towels were placed on top of the beds as if they had been changed. We had to ask for the new towels which we fortunately got but it seemed that they were not changed also afterwards.The beds were quite horrible as well as they were very hard. We both started having back and neck problems which, at least, I have never experienced before in any hotel.Breakfast was quite simple: tea, toast and so on. Dining room was quite small with plastic chairs and flowers. It seemed that the same girl who did the cleaning, served (and made?) breakfast as well. She was nice and the receptionists were polite most of the time. Except one of them was talking on the phone all the time (and not about the hotel stuff) and when we once met him in the front steps of the building while going out, he did not even bother to greet as back.Location of the hotel is ok. It is about 10 minutes away from Victoria station if you are walking. You can also take a bus 24 which is going via Victoria to Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square. Nearby the hotel, there are some very nice pubs, restaurants and big market where you can buy food and so on if you e.g. prefer to eat something else for breakfast than the hotel food.Check out time was 10:30AM and as our flight was leaving in the evening, we wanted to leave our luggage to the hotel as usual so that we didn't have to carry them around during the day. Well, in every other hotel in London, we have had this opportunity for free but not in Vegas. You would have had to pay 2 pounds for each piece of luggage. So we decided to take the luggage with us.Shortly: we won't stay in this hotel again. Eventhough, you don't spend a lot of time in the room, it is still important that the bathroom/toilet works and does not make you want to throw up.	
May 23 2005	dear God!	To begin with, I found the management very indifferent, noisy at night, talking and blasting music. The room was so small as to be unbelievable. do not believe the pictures they have posted on their website. The bathroom was so small i had to sit on the toilet to wash my hands, i could not bend over the sink if i stood in front of it and i am average size woman. the shower is first and on the same floor level, so the whole bathroom gets soaked when you shower, so you have to wear shoes every time you go to the loo or your feet get soaked. thebreakfast room was a joke with plastic outdoor furniture, and old looking table covers and plateware. cxomforters on bed were dirty.	
Apr 24 2005	Don't Risk it	Booked, a one night stay at the Vegas Hotel via laterooms. Upon arrival I was told that the room had been cancelled and that if I had checked my e-mail I would have seen the cancellation e-mail. I immediately phoned late room, as I know that I had received no such cancellation e-mail. They were very helpful and said they would trace the problem to see who was at fault, after a short wait on the street outside the hotel (as we were kicked out by the staff as soon as I phoned laterooms) I received a return call from laterooms confirming that the Vegas were at fault as they had overbooked and not told laterooms that they were full. I was informed that the Vegas was obliged to find us a replacement room.... but upon laterooms speaking to the hotel staff they point blankly refused to help us. As this was happening another customer turned up only to be told the exact same thing, only this customer had booked with Vegas directly! In short the hotel is very badly run, the staff were incredibly rude and from what I saw of the hotel its very very cheaply decorated... to the point where the seating in the hotel consisted of red plastic patio chairs!I am still taking the matter up with laterooms, but it looks very unlikely that I will get any comeback from the Vegas hotel for the extra cost of getting a hotel room on the same day in Victoria!	
Apr 17 2005	Room very small but quiet	Room is very small but ok considering it is london and for the price you pay. For rooms at the top floor, the moment you step into the room. it is the toilet and then your room! Makes you wet before you step back into your room. The toilet doesn't look like it is clean quite often too. Very perculiar. I wouldn' t want to stay in this place again if I have another slightly better choice. Good point is the it is centrally located and staff is somewhat friendly and helpful. Breakfast is continental and not full English.	
Mar 19 2005	staff was helpfull	I stayed here a few years ago and the only positive thing about the hotel was that the staff was very helpfull when I had to cancel 3 of the 4 nights booked. Due to personal problems I had to leave after 1 day and to be honest I was glad that I had to. The room I had, a twin room with ensuite, was very small. The beds were wedged between the walls and the closet was wedged between the beds. The ensuite, well the 2 sq feet for the toilet and the 2 sg feet for the shower didn't leave much room for manouvring. I had to sit on the toilet before I could close the toiletdoor. I had to put some papers on the carpet because it felt very mushy and damp. Not perticularly attractive if you have to go to the bathroom in the night.	
Jul 16 2004	Ok...	The accommodation was acceptable. Low Internet-booking rates considering the hotel's location. Rooms were really small but there was a decent bathroom with hot shower. As we arrived, blankets and bedspread looked like they had not been washed recently, but were replaced during our stay. The breakfast is somewhat light with bread, cereals and coffee/tea, but ok.	
Jul 14 2004	Not as bad as that!	Stayed at Vegas for 8 nights, Feburary 2003.Not quite as bad as the other review. Remember - it's CHEAP and very well situated. (we got &lt;40 pounds/night, double b&amp;b). Of course rooms are small at that price, and the ensuite on top floor was a definite after-thought, but we never ran out of hot water. Very quiet, and that's important. Breakfast was a daily fill-up - good tea &amp; coffee, cornflakes, plenty of warm toast, butter &amp; marmalade. Yes - I'd head there again.	
Oct 17 2003	Small dirty rooms and indifferent management	Smallest double room we've ever seen it measured 8' by 10' and one had to crawl under the wall mounted T.V. to avoid a nasty bump on the head. Housekeeping was poor, the bedspread filthy and the shower curtain was black with mold and mildew. We found the place on the internet so don't believe the photos you see of this place at various websites as they must use a very wide angle lens. We made the mistake of not backing out and eating at least one nights room charge after we saw the room but since it's a rule you must pay in advance for all nights we were stuck here for six long nights. The manager has a sense of humor as he smiles and laughs at you when you complain. Breakfast is instant coffee and stale cornflakes and they do a mandatory currency exchange G.B.P. to U.S.D. at a very bad rate on your credit card as they check you in. YOU WOULD ENJOY LONDON MORE IF YOU SPENT THE NIGHT ANYWHERE BUT HERE.	
Nov 21 2009 	Non è L'Hilton ma per amici va bene! Non con il moroso....		
Nov 5 2009 	uno skifo sconsigliato		
Oct 25 2009	vegas hotel:una brutta esperienza		
Sep 20 2009 	Dreckig schmuddelig - eine Katastrophe! Absolut nicht empfehlenswert!!		
Jun 4 2009 	pour qui aime la crasse		
Apr 2 2009 	pour ceux qui aiment avoir la douche dans l'entrée		
Nov 23 2008 	opinion de una pareja		
Sep 18 2008 	Schlimm schlimmer ...		
Sep 14 2008 	sehr schnuckelig sehr rosa und für übergewichtige Gäste nicht geeignet		
Apr 24 2008 	no esta tan mal ....		
Dec 27 2007 	surtout pas la chambre 1		
