Jun 24 2009 	Sorry everyone	I agree that it is not o good hotel if you compare with more expensives. I stayed for six days and I could rest for the night and joy the city in the next day. Paying 25 pound's per day i couldn't wait more.	
Jan 6 2008	Total Hell Hole	the place is hideous ensuite was grubby shower took around 15 minutes to warm up then the water only trickled out carpets where dirty you had to wipe your feet on the way out we booked two nights stay but one was enough we left after the first night very disapointed after driving 200 miles for a weekend in london we booked a cab at reception to take us 3 mile to westend and they use someone they no and got ripped right off it was only 7 pm and a 8 minute cab ride cost us 18 quid on return at 3am in the morning we got a london cab same journey was only 9.25 so i would not advise booking there cab all in all a [-] hole	
Jan 2 2008 	Is in the process of a much needed refurbishment	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for New Years Eve. The hotel is in a excellent location, and the building is beautiful. Upon arrival we were greeted by two gentlemen, who were very pleasant and helpful. They informed us that they had only recently taken over the hotel and that it needed a lot of work. We were given a small room with a double bed and shower. The shower was clean and so were the bedsheets, however, the carpet was very dirty and the wallpaper was dated. Considering we only paid £45 for the night, we had no need to complain. We missed the breakfast in the morning, but checking out was easy and the jorney to the nearest tube was quick.I would only recommend this hotel for one night, and would advise the customer not to expect much. However, for a cheap hotel in london, it was not too bad. The other reviews that have been written are fair, but please remember that the hotel has changed hands recently and the new owners are trying their best to make the hotel better.	
Nov 27 2007 	Oh my God how disgusting!!!	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - no hot water, no plug in the sink (so we went home as dirty as the hotel after 2 nights!), furniture crammed into a tiny room, no tea/coffee facilities, TV broken, and on a £1 meter!The sheets were ripped and I couldn't sleep for fear the dirty bedspread and prison issue blanket would touch me!The hotel smelt, but they had poured super strong loo cleaner down the toilet to try &amp; cover the smell.On the Sunday morning someone was doing some building work downstairs &amp; smashing windows led to us leaving early to find breakfast - we couldn't face the dining room in case it was as bad as the rest of the hotel!I used to live in London, and this hotel just sums up all the worst things you hear about being ripped off when you stay in the capital. Never again &amp; certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 2 2007 	disguting room sleazy staff	The only and I mean the only good thing about this hotel is its location.The shared facilities were out of order, we had paid extra for an 'en suite' if that is what you could call it.The toilet was disgusting so much so we could not bring ourselves to take a picture I would not be exagarating to say it had never been cleaned.The shower was coverd in mold as we checked out before using it I could not say whether it worked or not but it would take someone braver than me to try it.The bedsheets were dirty as were the pillows even the free standing wardrobe had a pong.The staff were dissenteresred at best and actually had the audacity to reprimand us for not asking for another room when we informed them we were checking out due to the state of repair.DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Nov 1 2007 	Hotel from Hell	We couldn't even bear to stay one night in this filthy hotel. We checked in, and checked straight back out again after just a few hours. The hotel has shared facilities, which were out of order when we arrived. We had booked an en suite room so we had our own shower and toilet. However, i would not want to use the shower and toilet, as they were absolutely disgusting, and looked like they had never been cleaned. The bedsheets were clean, but the extra pillows in the cupboard were badly stained, and were a horrible brown colour. The tv in the room was on a metre! There was a kettle and cups in the room...however, no tea or coffee!The carpet was disgusting and was in desperate need of a vacuum. When we left we told the staff member on duty why we were leaving and that we had to find somewhere else to stay. He had a bad attitude and seemed like he really did not care. He did offer another &quot;clean&quot; room but if the room we were in was anything to go by, i did not want to spend a moment longer in that hotel.WARNING: DO NOT STAY HERE! :(	
Oct 9 2007 	Words can't explain how disgusting this place is	This hotel is the most vile place I have ever had the misfortune of staying. I have just spent a month backpacking around Thailand on a tight budget and I can honeslty say that the Manor Court was worse than anywhere I stayed when I was traveling. The staff are unfriendly and incompetent. Guests are required to leave their key at the front desk when they leave the hotel, and despite not having been informed of this I was reprimanded like a naughty child for not leaving my key.Breakfast consists of a pile of bread, some cheap cartons of orange juice and tea making facilities. Only 'served' between the hours of 7.30 and 8.30 it is best avoided.I can't say enough bad things about the rooms. There are wretch-worthy stains all over the walls, lampshades, carpets and linen. Nothing has been updated for decades. The bathroom smells absolutely disgusting - something which the owners are obviously aware of since they have gone to great efforts to place a cheap can of air freshener in the cell-like en suite. The shower curtain is mouldy, and quite fankly you'd get a more thorough wash by standing outside in the rain with a bottle of shampoo.The heating doesn't work and so even if you can manage to come to terms with lying under the rancid sheets you still wouldn't get a decent night's sleep as the room is so cold. Sadly, there are far too many hotels in London like this. Next time I have to find accomodation in Londonl I will stick to the big hotel chains.	
Oct 8 2007 	A sensory assault	If hygiene is your thing, stay away from the Manor Court. The hotel is offensive to each of the five senses; it looks vile, it smells vile, the breakfast tastes vile, the threadbare, bloodstained blankets made my skin crawl and we were kept awake all night by the noise of other guests who had turned to the bottle to numb their senses.The ensuite bathroom was a real treat. It was comprised of an archaic 'suite', a dribbling shower that wasn't attached to the wall and a free standing plank of wood manifesting itself as a door. The 'door' had to be lifted and lodged into place over the doorway by a secondary party when someone desired use of the hovel that was the bathroom.Inexplicable sticky brown stains adorned the walls, lampshades and carpets, the curtains were unattached to the railings and the radiator hung loose from the wall so we shivered at night because in hell, there is no heating . However, my favourite feature was unquestionably the little black pest- controller located under the sink. Strategically placed, I think, to offer a quick and humane death to any unfortuate specimen of vermon that may have found itself victim to the sensory assault that is the Manor Court. Sadly our suffering was a more prolonged affair; a five night agony to be more precise. I have been through some hard things in my life; the Manor Court was the hardest. No matter what you have done in your life, you probably don't deserve the Manor Court.	
Oct 3 2007 	Awful please dont stay at this hotel.. dirty it stinks please put it away .	The hotel is dirty, no rooms ready, this hotel should not be on any hotel list. Please do not stay here	
Aug 14 2007	Avoid if at all possible	We stayed here for one night. The only good thing about this hotel is its location. The place is filthy, the facilities primitive, and the entire property has been allowed to become severely run down through lack of maintenance and upgrading. (Examples: an upstairs toilet - WC - has no latch or door handle, the floor in the bedroom is wobbly and broken, bedspread is dirty, the toilets are dirty and the shower hose is broken and lying in the tub). Needless to say, we were out at the first light of morning. This kind of thing seems to be possible only because the visitor accommodations situation in London is so grim.	
Jun 16 2007 	Worst hotel i have ever stayed in!	Myself and my mother booked into the hotel for one night as we were attending a training course. The hotel was truly awful. Really dirty, the dust was about 6 inches thickon the stairs. The bedrooms hadnt been decorated in at least 50 years, no joke! The wallpaper was coming off the wall, the sink was hanging off, the windows were cracked and dirty and the bathroom door was hanging off. They gave us a key for another room to use the shower as ours didnt work, but that room didnt have a window and stank. we're not really fussy people but this was really bad. we didnt risk the breakfast the next morning as it was at the very bottom of the hotel in a 'dungeon' like room. The boy on the front desk was about 12 and wasnt helpful at all and a bit scary really. Only for the fact that we would only be in the room for about 10 hours we would have found somewhere else! Dont stay there unless your used to living in a dump!	
Mar 20 2007 	typical "cheap" London hotel	ive stayed at the manor court twice in the last couple of years. basically looking for the cheapest room possible in the rip off capital that is London. the hotels in a decent location 5 min walk from the tube. Other than that its your typcial cheap B&amp;B. kinda like the regent palace dont look under the beds mucky carpet, just usable bathrooms. the kinda place where they are counting the profits from their many rooms but certainly not putting the money into doing the place up. we had problems with no hot water when we were there. but as its basically a place to sleep and you are out of the room 12hrs of the day its does its job. if you are young and just want somewhere to sleep while out and about and want to spend as little as possible then its ok. but if u want anything that is slightly near 3* dont bother. considering i payed the same amount, £25 a night for the amazing alloro hotel in florence to what i payed a night for manor court it makes me wonder why anyone wants to go to London anyway.	
Mar 14 2006	Terrible Hotel!	This hotel is terrible! Dirty,dark,cold ( no heating) We was in the hotel 2 minutes. That was enough. The London house hotel forwarded us to this hotel, becouse they have some problem with room renovating. But after we told this terrible hotel, they give us a very nice flat.	
Apr 5 2004	perfect for a cheap stay	This was the perfect cheap hotel. We paid 50 pounds/night and got a big room with 2 beds and breakfast (just toast and juice). The family who runs it was SO helpful and friendly--very eager to please. The Manor Court is in a great location, we took the tube there and from the hotel, the bus on the corner will take you anywhere. Closer to the city it was loud and dirty, but this part of Notting Hill was quiet, quaint, and close to a beautiful park. This is by no means luxury, but of all the three places we stayed in London, this was by far the best deal.	
Jan 15 2008 	Abenteuerurlaub		
Dec 2 2007	Hôtel à déconseiller		
Nov 19 2007 	Hotel très médiocre à tous niveaux limite épouvantable...		
Nov 13 2007 	Steigt bloß nicht in diesem Deckloch ab!		
Nov 4 2007 	Le fogne di napoli sono più pulite!!!!!!!!		
Nov 2 2007 	le pire du pire		
Aug 23 2007 	Unglaublich!! Dreck überall!!!		
Jun 12 2007	Nur etwas für hartgesottene Abenteuer-Urlauber!		
