Oct 4 2009 	Location location location	We found the Clearlake to be a good budget hotel. Its true that it is shabby but we found it to be fairly clean and you couldn't ask for a better location. We have been to London many times and we had always stayed on the other side of Hyde Park so we were pleasantly surprised by the easy access to shops, transport and museums etc. We didn't mind the fact that there was no breakfast because there were cooking facilities in our little apartment so we could make tea and coffee etc. Although there was not much in the way of cook wear or crockery. We paid 70 pounds per night for a studio apartment which we felt was very reasonable. Its no Hilton that's for sure but we really only wanted somewhere reasonably priced and convenient and it was fairly clean. It was a bit 'Fawlty Towers'!	
Jun 3 2009 	Don't go there..	we came for 5 nights and stay only 2 - we couldn't stand this place.we got the appartment on -1 floor ..the appartment was very big (for 5 people), but it wasn't clean at all.the smell was terrible. no air. old...the smell of the carpets - disgusting!!!!!!!!the water in the toilet didn't washed properlywe didn't have hot water in the shower at first (but the hotel fix it fast)the location is great, and the area in lovelymaybe the other rooms are better.. hope so.sorry for my english.. good luck	
Jul 6 2008	Great location near Kensington Gardens	My 21 yr old daughter and I stayed here June, 2008. Thanks to the reviews on this site, we expected what we got: budget accommodations with a separate kitchen and bath, horrible decor and old carpets/wall paper, and only somewhat clean. The linens were clean but frayed, the bathroom was fairly clean, but because it was warm and there is no a.c., the windows were left open a lot. London air is dirty, and all surfaces collect dust, which the cleaning people do not take care of.The location is great - 5 minutes walk from Kensington High underground station, close to groceries stores, and Naz, the main front desk help, was great for information and extra help.Don't stay here if you're fussy about desk and room condition, but for a small funky apt,. it's great.	
Sep 24 2007	Rates kept changing	We did not actually stay at the Clearlake because in a three week period, our quoted rate for the same room went from 85 pounds per night to 90 and then topped off at 92 and some change. This after we'd sent one CC number, which they then said they couldn't accept (it was Discover). When we emailed back with another number, we had no response for days. Then, when we finally heard something, it was from a different person who upped the rate. The third and final email upped the rate again and also informed us that two of our nights were no longer available--so more per night for a shorter stay.We chose to look elsewhere at that point.	
Dec 6 2006 	Enjoyed my visit	Although these apartments are not as up to date as some hotels I really couldn't find a problem with them. I've stayed several times, every time coming away happy. The rooms are clean. The wallpaper and carpets may be shabby but that doesn't bother me because I don't go on holiday to stare at wallpaper and carpets! It is EXACTLY what I am looking for. Cheap, convienent to tube and good shops. The staff are VERY friendly and helpful. While I do recommend the Clearlake the one downside is the fact that there's no breakfast. I found an Italian restaurant just down the road that does a lovely fry-up though!When I come to London again, this will be my first choice.	
Oct 8 2006 	Not bad for the price	Clearlake hotel staff was very helpful. We knew from other reviews to not expect the best room. We had also booked one of the cheaper studio rooms (#5), but we were given the chance to inspect the room before paying so we knew what we were getting into. Yep, it had old torn wallpaper and old carpet, but the room had been cleaned. They cleaned the room and left fresh towels daily. I have arthritis in my spine and was concerned about the beds, but they were comfortable even in the old studio. The staff was very helpful and honest! I paid by traveler’s check and one of my checks had stuck to another one. The staff returned it to me when they discovered the error. Laundry was done the same the day and at a low cost compared to other hotels we stayed in. The location was great! Tube was 3 blocks away with plenty of shopping and small grocery stores. Also nearby was “Easy Internet” store that allowed you to buy an hour of Internet time with a code with a password which allowed you to log off and back on anytime you came in the store. One of the few Internet stores you actually got to use all the time you paid for and could come and go as you needed. Having Kensington Palace and the park next door was great when you got back from site seeing and just wanted a walk through a park. Several museum including the A &amp; V are in walking distance. Although it wasn’t the Hilton, the Clearlake hotel staff was great and this was a reasonably priced room in an area where other hotels were charging 200 GBP per night. If you can afford a little more you should upgrade to one of the apartments which are in better condition, but I would stay there again.	
Sep 28 2006 	Keep Looking! There has to be something better.	There should be a law against hotels like this one. Maybe my standards are high, but there's no excuse for this place; old ripped wallpaper and dirty torn carpet. It was shelter and there is lots of space. The location is not bad, but not great either. The pictures on the website are misleading.	
Aug 12 2005	Good Value Great Location	We stayed at the Clearlake Hotel for a week in early August. Based on previous reviews and pictures on the hotel's website, I wasn't expecting much more than basic accommodation and a good location. We stayed in unit 15, two bedrooms (comfortable beds), two bathrooms, small kitchen and a large living room. Great view of Kensington Park. The carpeting and furniture are dated, but clean enough. The place feels more like you are borrowing a friend's flat than staying in a hotel room. The trade off on current finishes and fresh paint is space - lots of space. There were four of us, two parents and two kids, and we didn't feel like we were tripping over each other. Quite a difference from the postage-stamp sized hotel rooms we have rented in the past (at about the same price, too). Staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations for restaurants and making arrangements for transport to Heathrow. Convenience store, grocery, and bus/tube all within a couple of minutes walk. I'm ranking it 4/5 primarily for its value:cost ratio and location. I'd stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	Not recommended	Unfortunately, this is a case of it looks better on the website. Staff were very friendly and accomodating, but the quality of the room (studio efficiency) was just very bad - dirty, worn carpet, chipping paint, stained wallpaper - unit was just in need of major renovation. It was uncomfortable to stay in and was not particularly clean. Area is wonderful - S. Kensington, just across the street from Kensington Gardens, but with what you have to pay for a hotel in London, go ahead and pay more to have a cleaner, nicer place.	
Nov 7 2004	Good value considering it's London	Location and friendly, helpful staff are Clearlake's best features. Building is old and apparently high maintenance.We book a studio for four days in March '04. When we arrived, we were told the studio wasn't available because of a maintenance problem. So they bumped us up to a two-bedroom apartment for the same price. Zowie.	
Apr 15 2009 	A éviter		
