Nov 24 2009 	Great Location But That's All Folks...	Having attended and exhibited at many an exhibition in either Earls Court or Olympia you can't get much better for location, directly between the two and near local amenities such as Tesco and bus stop within meters.Trouble is and this really surprised me for central London is that the supermarket opens at times like it was the last decade, not opening until 11am on a Sunday which is after check-out time so unless you purchased your bacon and rolls the night before you are stuffed - not the hotels fault but should be considered. Another downside of travel to the hotel is that it is way off the Underground system and if like me a bus is a thing on your PC and you'd never use one, then consider the cost of taxis per day and add that to your hotel charge to truly compare if this will be a cheaper alternate hotel to either Hilton or Ibis which are the other two charging real prices unlike some local &quot;bandits&quot; whom up the rate per the exhibition footfall as so called official hotels. Where you do benefit from staying in an apartment is the savings on meals and drinks at the bar, you can sit in the apartment and be entertained in your own relaxed environment at supermarket prices if you so choose to...The hotel, well it's nowhere near finished and I'd guess the developer budget is low else they would have been working full tilt as an empty room makes no money and the design is from an inexperienced hotelier no doubt sold a package by some young architect - it falls short in so many ways and that's apart from the areas which are not yet open such as the bar, gym and pool areas. For example and as other reviewers mention the automatic light in the bathroom basically needs to be disconnected by the owners as it's a real annoyance, it switches off when you are showering and on if you flip your arm over the bed sheets at night waking you up with a dazzling brilliance through the glass door right next to your bed. And why oh why did anyone think placing the bed at the corridor side of the apartment was a sensible idea, bangity bang bang go the doors all night when the hotel is busy... none of the door soft closers seem to work...Cleanliness left quite a bit to be desired, we stayed two nights and our room was not made up nor towels changed, nor rubbish taken away and there's no bin in the kitchen which is frankly a manky way to operate. Entrance floors not buffed and lets not blame the bulders dust as they mopped the floor all steaky, that's just a lazy cleaner not being supervised which explains quite a bit - poor overal management. The Baumatic oven has a touch panel control which you can't read as it doesn't illuminate on touch to see the controls, these are printed behind glass and as you are not familiar with the unit make it difficult to use... As are most controls in the appartment which have no labeling so it's trial and error then remember, the aircon is fairly ineffective also...Overall if you get the £69 a night rate you can live with it but when taxis are added it's best avoided, the management of this hotel is amateur at best and frankly looks to be a business opportunity being run by an opportunist chancer with no hotelier experience and I'm not being critical of the work in progress. We stayed Sunday in the Radisson for £20 more and oh what a difference, you get what you pay for just look for the deals and what may seem a bargain sometimes is not.Would I stay again? Probably not...	
Nov 17 2009 	I didn't even get to stay!	I booked a room for this weekend and we were really looking forward to a break away together. Then got a phone call today to say that they'd had a major leak or something and had to cancel all bookings for the weekend. Try looking for another London hotel in this price range with 4 days notice. Thanks for nothing Think.One word (from reading the other reviews and I my own sorry experience)- UNRELIABLE	
Nov 14 2009 	The Good 	I stayed here in November for 3 nights. As previous people have said the rooms, ONCE FINISHED will be brilliant. However at the moment the apartments are not ready.Plus Points:1. Apartments are well equipped (with the exception of no Iron or phone in the room)2. Excellant presentationBad Points:1. The heating does NOT work. Apparantly, floors 1 and 2 are finished but work is still ongoing on the other floors. It was freezing all night and I was given a tiny heater to heat the room! I complained and was put into a different room and surprise surprise the heating did not work in this room either!!2. No telephones in the room, therefore when I needed an Iron I had to walk all the way down to reception.3. A previous response from the hotel states that the workmen start work at 9.00am, this is clearly a lie and I can support a previous reviewer who said that work started at around 8.00 am with loud drilling and banging! Now I had to get up to get to work but I can only imagine what other guests thought!4. The reception areas was leaking on day 3!!5. The staff at reception are generally friendly but in truth they dont give a hoot about your complaints and they are chronically under-staffed.6. They have an automatic light in the bathroom now that sounds very swish and nice whereby you walk towards the bathroom and the ligt come on. However slight problem is the bed is in front of the bathroom which means any slight movement at night meant that the light comes on!!!! You can solve the problem by removing the door key but that results in an annoying flashing blue light which looks like a tiny police car with flasing lights is in the corner of the room!!!7. There is NO fitness centre. Wish they would have told the truth when I phones to ask before booking.8. I'm not sure if this is the ONLY place in the capital where mobile internet is not available but I couldnt get a connection on my 3G mobile device. First time ever!!All in all do NOT stay here. I'm sure the apartments will be great once finished and in response to the management who have stated in one of their replies to a previews review 'that the price reflects that work is till going on&quot; then that attitude rather says it all.	
Nov 8 2009 	Overpriced/Inadequate/Still under construction	This hotel is a disgrace, i paid £150 a night here for a week. I booked here because the website advertised the pool and gym would be available from q3 of 2009.For starters i was checked in by the security guard because their was no-one on the desk and this was only at 6.30 pm !!Obviously my stay was late oct 09 and neither the pool or gym was built.Every morning i was woken by men drilling all around me, there were sheets all over the floors obviously for all the workmen that were very visible throughout.Not much thought was put into this appt, everything was quite high end in the room, but the facilities for cooking were laughable.I ate out every night because of this very reason.Beware, do not stay at these appts as you will be very dissapointed.!!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Think before you book an apartment here.....!	POSITIVES1. Great apartments2. Great location3. Comfortable especially the bed4. Clean5. Modern and chicNEGATIVES1. Building work still ongoing. Unlike previous comment from management the work starts at 0800 hours! Although the website stated minor disturbance I didn't realise that the building work would be taking place on the apartments across the hall.Along the corridor were numerous doors stating no entry as work being carried out, dusty footprints on the new corridoor carpets!2. Website states check in 1400 hours....our room was not ready until 1500 hours and this was on a Sunday.3. Very small towels lets down the cool bathroom4. No washing up liquid, sponges, dustpan and brush etc. It states that the rooms only get cleaned on weekly basis. Need to update website with info if these things aren't going to be provided.WHEN THE APARTMENTS ARE FINISHED THEY WILL GE GREAT BUT UNTIL THEN REALLY THINK BEFORE BOOKING.........	
Oct 3 2009 	Not perfect but getting better	Looking at some of the previous reviews my booking here was a bit of a gamble - I assumed that the building work would be further progressed and some teething problems ironed out.Overall it was a fairly decent experience if you like being left to yourself.Upsides: Right next to a 24hr Tesco so really easy to get food to self cater (but my room was next to the delivery entrance - good thing I can sleep through anything). Decent enough price for the area, using a Laterooms discount. Nice to have the extra facilities of aparthotel especially combi micro-oven and washer dryer - but both quite hard to operate! Room was a decent size given comparable accommodation. Lovely fast (wired) broadband.Downsides: Lots of small niggles. Modern fancy cupboards without handles that caused more trouble than they're worth. Bathroom light auto-activated but only if you were near the door, causing some wonderful gymnastics when the light went out in the shower. Air con very hard to get right and window didn't open - so often a bit too hot or too cold - and no real instructions. Staff could well be invisible and nobody cleaned the room, replenished loo roll, etc during the 4 night stay. would have been nice to have some basic products like washing up liquid, cleaning cloths and spray, etc - not worth buying my own for a short stay. Gym not finished so although they advertise as having one, they don't, and couldn't find one nearby (staff didn't know one either).Would recommend if you go back in a few months and have a steep discount.	
Sep 7 2009 	Worst experience ever	We've been fooled by staff when booking. Travelled on a flight 10 hours+ and arrived there when the building is still &quot;UNDER CONSTRUCTION&quot; . Bad apology by manager. Worst experience trip ever.	
Aug 28 2009 	Not tourist friendly	Think Earl's Court is hi-tech and comfortable but is a communication black hole. There are no external or internal telephones. If you need to contact reception you physically need to go and visit them. There is no user guide for the facilities. Have fun finding the cutlery, saucers and shaver point. There is no visitors guide. It is less stressful to use the local laundromat than to try and use the washing machine. The wash cycle took 3 hours and we had to call maintenance twice. It is close to Tescos. I would not book a stay at Think for at least another 6 months when hopefully everything should be operational	
Jul 13 2009 	Modern and Stylish - Once Ready!	We've been to Earl's Court in June. Our Executive Studio, on the second floor (which was only open for customers 5 days earlier) was brand new. The shower was very spacious, bed-area was separate from the living/kitchen area (each apartment has its own layout), and a plasma D-TV with combined DVD adorned the place to give it that modern and comfortable look. Unfortunately, since all furniture and fitted carpets were brand new we had a problem with the strong smell they had, and we couldn't ventilate the room properly. We backed down to the reception and they tried to change rooms, until we settled for a smaller apartment on the first floor (which had the bathroom door not yet in place, and workers were not coming in throughout the weekend). At least we managed to get some sleep since it was late at night. In the morning, the duty manager got us a taxi and moved us to their apartments at Tower Bridge Road where we spent the rest of our stay. Once Earl's Court Apartments are completed (and finished) we will surely consider them. Pluses:- Comfortable beds- Modern furniture/deco (bedroom/showers/living)- Huge supermarket right outside the building (24/7)- Any problems encoutered are dealt with and settled- Modern Air conditioning- All appliances are available (Fridge/elec-cooker/dish-washer/microwave/DVD/TV/Ironing board Minuses:- Some more time required to solve problems which arise with a new project.	
Jul 9 2009 	Really disappointed	I had booked this apartment 6 months ago as it was ideal for Heathrow and for the location we needed to get to the following day. It was also really handy for the subway being only a 10 minute walk away.It looked really nice on the website and I was so looking forward to my stay. However, we didn't even get to see the inside of our room !We arrived rather hot and in need of a shower only to be told there was no hot water and it wouldn't be back on until maybe 10 am the next morning. This was of no use to us as we had to be in the west of London by 10 am the following day and we had a really important day ahead of us. They also could not guarantee the water would actually be back on by then anyway.The receptionist was very nice but couldn't do anything about it. I asked when this problem had occurred to be told it was 2 pm that day and it was 7.30 pm when we got there, however nobody had thought to call me in advance and inform me of this. If they had, I would have booked alternative accommodation as there were plenty of rooms available earlier that morning in the Earls Court area.I asked her to call the Duty Manager as we obviously couldn't stay there. Without calling any other accomodation in Earls Court, I was told everywhere was fully booked and I would need to got to their accommodation at Tower Bridge. I then asked if she could call the Operation's Manager, whom was very unhelpful.He said as they were not accountable and it was the water company's fault (incidentally, I was then told by the duty manager a few days later that it was the gas company - which would have been more realistic but makes me question why I was given conflicting reasons).Therefore, he would not be compensating us as he was also offering more expensive accommodation at Tower Bridge …this was of no consolation to us as we were still miles away from where we needed to be the following day and really inconvenienced. I felt this was totally unacceptable and asked for a refund, however I was refused. Therefore we had no choice but to go to Tower Bridge. The minicab took 40 mins to get arrive and it was a 30 minute journey to get to the Tower Bridge.Incidentally the min cab driver said there has been nothing but problems with the apartments since they had opened and they shouldn't be taking bookings yet. He said if it wasn't the water, it was the electricityWe finally got in at 11.30 pm and we were shattered. The room was like an oven with no air con and needless to say, it was a very uncomfortable sleep that night.We ended up having to walk twice as long to get the the nearest tube station and we were then stuck on a roasting hot tube for more than double the length of time it would have originally taken us. It really took the shine off of things for us When I called to complain, the duty Manager was very nice, however he could only over us a nominal amount of compensation, which only covered our transport costs.I felt very let down by this outcome and would advise if you really need to stay here, go only once all the work is complete	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice modern apartment and kind staff	When i was booking this apartment, i was a little worried as the building was not fully completed. But i risked it anyway, and was not disappointed at all. Yes the building was not completed, but if all you want is an apartment to stay comfortably and get to make your own breakfast and lunch now and again, then this place is decent for its price! Location is great, i got off at Earls court tube station and it is 5-10minutes walk down to the apartment, and whats great about it is there is a big 24 hours Tesco right next door! Earls court area is nice, its not busy and has a nice quiet safe feel to it. The apartment was very nicely designed, very clean and modern. Its got everything you need in a small space; good tele and a great built in kitchen area. Lovely bathroom/wet room.. fully mosaic tiled and contemporary. We did get a few problems, such as the fan not working and not being able to open the balcony door due to safety; the staff were kind and apologetic and tried to help in anything we needed. Overall me and my boyfriend had a good stay there and cant wait till the building is all finished so we can go again &amp; use all its facilities!!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Wait until the building work is complete!	We were planning to stay here for my birthday weekend. However, we had terrible trouble finding the place for a start. This was because there were no signs outside the building. We ended up the wrong end of Warwick road and had to get a taxi. After driving to warrwick road again, we were still unable to find the building but the taxi driver told us that this was the building we were looking for. We rang the hotel number to ask where they were but the person on the other end could not understand what i was saying and was unable to tell me where they were based. This led to me hanging up in frustration. We eventually found builing thanks to a man in the building next to it. We had previsouly passed this building but thought to ourselves this cannot be it as it is still under construction. Once we got inside, there were builders everywhere as well as dirt and dust and the loud noise of drilling and banging. We had to wait at least 20 mins to get into our room after arriving later than the check in time. Once inside the room, it was a lot smaller than anticipated. We were about to settle down when a builder walked in on us. This was not acceptable and was the last straw. From our room there was a hige amount of dust and dirt, the patio had not been finished and our room view was of portable loos. We rang the online company we booked with who got in touch with the hotel manager who the transfered us to the THINK Tower Bridge apartments. We were then told this had been up and running for ten years and there would be no building work. Once we arrived, we found that there was MORE buiding work but not as much. We were woken up at 8:30 due to builders!! The apartments are nice and very modern, and can be a very ncie place to stay, but wait until it is complete! Kelly and Liam (Essex)	
