Oct 13 2009 	No Concern for the Customer Here	We checked into the Winchester on May 11, 2009 after making a reservation several months in advance and requesting the ground floor due to problems with stair climbing. Friends were with us so we had two rooms. One room was on the first floor (2nd in US) and the other in the basement (#2), The room on the first floor was nice although small but the basement room was so small you couldn't get the closet door open all the way. But the main problem was the manager on duty. When we ask for a better room she said none were available and then proceeded to check later arrivals into better rooms. We ask for a restaurant recommendation but when we didn't let her make a reservation for us she became rude. After that almost anything I asked about I was told that she couldn't help me. Our room was very cold so we asked for heat but she told us if they gave us heat then the upstairs would get too hot. After much complaining the next day she finally turned on the heat for about an hour then shut it off again because people upstairs complained. The first night we had to take cold showers because the night clerk couldn't tell us how to operate the water temperature control. We had booked three nights but left after two because we couldn't take the cold cramped room or the lack of good service any more. They advertised free Wi Fi it didn't work. I have waited 5 months to write this review to make sure I hadn't changed my feelings about the Winchester. To be fair my daughter stayed at the Winchester a few weeks later without any negative incidents.	
Oct 1 2009	Not quite as advertized on website	My husband and two adult children stayed at the Winchester for three nights. We picked this place due to the website. We thought it would be charming to &quot;eat on Royal Dalton china&quot; and eat with &quot;Kristophe silverware&quot;. Jimmy and Juanita would serve us. None of the above was certainly true. The rooms were very tight like all London rooms...little space to put four people and their bags. We stayed in the basement. Although the weather outside was a nice 55-70degrees, we were very hot and stiffling with little way to open up the room to get a cool breeze. We did have a fan supplied to us that took hours to cool the room a bit. A small door to the outside patio and a flimsy lock supplied the ventilation. To be fair, two good things were: the location of the hotel and the very large bathroom with an excellent shower. The staff was very nice. I would recomment this hotel for its' value if you book ahead, but do not get the basement and do not depend upon the website.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good choice	After reading some of the reviews prior to our trip we were a little worried. We need not have, even though the room was quite small, it was clean and well serviced. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast was cooked freshly for us. The location was perfect, 5 mins walk to Victoria where we picked up the tube system. We were also able to walk to lots of restaurants and attractions. For the reasonable cost we thought we had our monies worth (for Central London).	
Sep 17 2009 	Don't believe the photo's	Spent four nights here. The main good point is the location. Very close to restaurants, a market, the Victoria station, and walking distance to Buckingham Palace. The bad point was the room. We had a room with two single beds. VERY very small, even for European standards. The room also had dirty carpet and worn furniture. On arrival the first day we found dried &quot;snot&quot; &quot;bogeys&quot; or &quot;boogers&quot; on the walls. The staff did clean that for us. Some of the staff was helpful others not so. The breakfast staff was courteous but the food was not very good. As other reviewers have said there are no outlets in the bathroom, and only one of three in the main room worked. Had to unplug the TV to use that one. Would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	A hotel of good points and bad points	The Staff - The staff were very friendly and made us feel welcome, the two girls who appear to clean and serve breakfast were especially helpful and attentative.The Room - The bedroom was quite small (to be expected in location?) and filled with furniture which looked like it came from a house clearance. It was very clea though. The bathroom had a good shower and was modern but very cramped.Breakfast - We had to que for breakfast as the hotel did not have enough tables, food was not too bad. Waitresses were very helpful.	
Jul 31 2009 	Enjoyed our 10 day stay clean comfortable great location	Stayed here for 10 days in July 2009 - myself and 2 teenagers. Had room #4 - family room with 1 double bed and 2 single beds. Little bit crowded but we didn't go to London to spend lots of time in the hotel. Had enough space to move around and store all the luggage. Very clean and daily maid service kept it that way. No A/C but hadn't expected it. Left windows open a bit all day, and with the fan running we were perfectly comfortable. Excellent location - few blocks from Victoria Station. I enjoyed breakfast every morning but my teens preferred to sleep in and we picked up some breakfast at Sainsbury market in Victoria Station on our way to the Tube. There was a computer with internet available for guests and wireless in the room.	
Jul 22 2009 	Not a great place!!	We stayed here because it was recommended by Rick Steves. We always use his books and advice when we travel. This time, I am sorry to say he was off the mark. The rooms are very dated, shabby and VERY SMALL. The hotel was also under contruction and this was not revealed on their website. There are pleanty of nicer places to stay for the same price and neighborhood. Go to one of them!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Do NOT stay here	We stayed here because it was recommended in a guide book and boy, were we sorry. Don't be deceived by the pictures on the internet of the hotel unless they are from travellers. They hotel is further away from Victoria Station than their website makes it sound. The main problem we had with the hotel is that the interior is very old and dated. The carpet looks horrible and there is no lift. We were given a tiny room for a &quot;triple&quot; and because it also had two worn and old looking chairs in there, we hardly had room to walk between the beds. The extra mattress that they put on the floor partially blocked the doorway to the bathroom. There was no a/c and we had to ask for a fan which (thank goodness) they had. We had rooms on the front and it was kind of noisy. We did have an interesting view out our window...of a &quot;lady of the evening&quot; who either had an apartment on the upper floor of the hotel across the street or was using the hotel as a base. She undressed in front of the open window, came out on her balcony in her bra and panties and strutted her stuff up and down the street every evening. Not exactly what you want your 3 teenagers to see. The prices were very, very high for the quality of the rooms. It is rated a 3 star hotel, but there is no way...I'd say a low 2 and that's being generous. We would not stay there again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic value - great location and room!	We stayed here for four nights. We had requested a room at the back so stayed in Room 19. It wasn't overly large but itt had two chairs, tea and coffee facilities, a built in wardrobe and a large bathroom. The only criticism was that they don't have hand towels but give you face washers to dry your hands. Fantastic location close to a main tube station (Victoria) and close to Lizzie's house (Buckingham Palace). Free internet too. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was large. It could do with air conditioning in the warmer weather as our first night it was warm so slept with the windows open (we were on first floor). Couldn't ask for a more comfortable hotel in a great location close to trains, buses, lots of restaurants and pubs and shops. Breakfasts were good (full service) although fresh fruit would have been nice rather than canned fruit salad. Keep up the good work. Staff very helpful and pleasant. Close to the hop on hop off bus starting bus stop too.	
May 29 2009 	Better insight now that I have traveled aboard	We stayed at the Winchester a total of 7 nights. The first stay was in the family room number one. (I read all the comments prior to booking.) We needed a family room which is sometimes hard to find. Room 1 has a double with two singles. The room was large but hard to move in due to all the beds. The bathroom is good size. The room we stayed in the last two nights was small. This was room 5 on the second floor. A double with one single bed. For two nights we were fine. The bathroom was small. The hot water continued to be a problem while we stayed. We did find out that there is a safety button on the handle and was sometimes the cause of no hot water. Other times it was the number of guests taking showers at one time. We took showers at different times to have hot water. We did eat the full English Breakfast many mornings. You can make changes to the breakfast menu of only the foods offered. You can order eggs and not the full breakfast. The internet worked through our first visit and did not our second visit but was being repaired. The TV in room 1 needed a new cable but did not get one. Room 65the TV works well. It is in a great location just a few blocks from Victoria Station which made taking the buses around the city easier. Trains also connect to Gatewick Airport. There are grocerys and places to eat in walking distance. The staff is friendly and someone is always at the front desk. Ice and drinks are also available.	
May 19 2009 	Not what it should be....	I was really looking forward to our visit to the Winchester and its location on the quiet side of Victoria Station. We (four of us in two rooms) were at the Winchester for two nights. I wasn't expecting a grand hotel but it still fell short. I have now learned the property is under new management.....new from my original reservation through my travel agent. At one time we were staying three nights but canceled within the correct time frame. We arrived to learn we had been charged for our missed night. This issue is still being working out with the third party Unirez who no longer represent the hotel....ie new management. Strike one. The rooms were fine, small but I knew that going in. The full English breakfask as not full.....missing the mushrooms and beans. Strike two. Overall the staff were adequate but not overly friendly or helpful. Strike three.	
May 11 2009 	Super place to stay on your way in or out of Gatwick	I had a 10 a.m. flight from Gatwick so wanted to stay somewhere walking distance from Victoria station. This place was perfect (though for some reason, I didn't sleep all that well - blame the beer &amp; curry). It is on the edge of the trendy Pimlico area - 20 pubs and 20 restaurants within quarter of a mile of the place. Not far to walk to Buckingham Palace though I preferred the half mile to the Thames and in to Westminster followed by dinner at the Paradise Indian restaurant and a couple of pints at the pub up the road.The room was large for London, with a double bed for just me. It was quiet except for some noise outside the hotel in the middle of the night.My last gut-busting English breakfast at 7 a.m. and a 5 minute walk to Victoria station (no stairs after leaving the hotel - luxury!) They have a computer on the ground floor that you can use for free though I did manage to pick up the free internet from the Dover Hotel (wherever that is). I would consider staying here again for my last night in London - makes a very hassle-free way to get out of town - but I'd probably go somewhere more central such as Covent Garden or Bloomsbury as a base for a London stay unless you really want to be in Pimlico.	
May 9 2009 	Reasonable hotel in good central location	We stayed at the Winchester for 2 nights following a transatlantic cruise that ended in Harwich. The location of the hotel is excellent with just a 3-4 block walk to Victoria Station for the tube or buses, etc. There are no elevators and no &quot;common&quot; room where you could go to sit and visit. We were 3 couples traveling together. Our room had a nice bath, but the other 2 couples complained about their small baths. The rooms in general are quite small, but adequate when you spend no time there. The only thing in our room that I felt wasn't clean was the tired, soiled carpet. The breakfast certainly wasn't like the one pictured on their web site. The dining room was adequate w/white table linens, but didn't like the bacon, sausages, or the scrambled eggs. Corn flakes and orange juice were great. Fortunately for Americans, the exchange verses the pound has moved in our favor recently, so that made the hotel a fairly good value.	
Mar 31 2009	Very Disappointing	I was eager to find a comfortable getaway in London after reading the other reviews. Unfortunately, I found a very small, dated room with a dirty carpet at the top of 71 steep stairs. Although I requested a room on a lower floor when I made the reservation (due to my mother's heart condition), we were told that all rooms had been booked and we were placed on the very top level. The morning ritual for my mom was interesting (family vacation). There were no outlets in the bathroom, so she had to unplug the TV to use the hair dryer. I guess it was a good thing because she used the TV screen as a mirror to do her hair. The bell-boy helped us with a bag in the morning. We missed breakfast because they don't start serving until 7AM. It is very close to the Victoria station which made getting on the Gatwick Express a breeze - something we were eager to do after our unpleasant experience at the Winchester.	
Feb 24 2009 	Terrible Hotel	Stayed for one night on 16 Feb 2009, I would never stay in this hotel. Had no hot water on first day and when complained was told to leave the water running for 10 minutes as it takes a while for the hot water to work as we were on 4th floor. After 20 minutes of running the water we still had no hot water so gave up. Next morning woke up to have a shower but still no hot water and was told by reception they had called maintence to get it fixed by 9am. We went to have breakfast and came back to our room to have a shower and still no hot water so decided to check out at 10am. When arrived at reception, two other persons that were checking out were also complaining of no hot water and they were on the 2nd floor, so obviously the receptionist was lying at the reason whey we had no hot water(4th floor water takes longer to get warm), asked for the manager who was conveniently away out of the country and the reception was unhelpful and could not do anything or give us a discount. Another 2 vistors that were staying at the hotel also while were checking out complained of no hot water. This is worst hotel I have ever stayed and would not recommend anyone to stay here!! The staff are very unhelpful and no lifts as we unfortunately got the 4th floor room!! Room was tiny and not very comfortable.	
Feb 10 2009 	Decent rooms with basic services in an excellent location	My wife and I stayed in Winchester Hotel for 4 nights and had a very good experience. This is a very basic bed &amp; breakfast set in an old house close to Victoria station and it offers decent rooms, basic services, and an excellent breakfast. The location is superb as it is in a relatively quiet street and about 4 blocks from a subway station (Victoria). From there you can be anywhere in London within minutes.With respect to the rooms, they have about 4 per floor and they are not very big. Please note that there is no elevator in the hotel, so if you are on the upper floors it's quite a trip to take the luggage upstairs. The bed is comfortable but the rooms are very dated and show a lot of wear. We did not care too much about this, since we were just looking for a place to rest for the night. The bathrooms is very small too but the shower was excellent (good pressure and hot water).The breakfast in the morning is excellent (full British breakfast) but the hours are very tight. They only serve it from 7am to 9am so be ready to wake up early.So overall, this is decent hotel to stay if you are looking for a budget stay in London (no frills) in a good location.	
Feb 4 2009 	Nice hotel and location	We stayed 5 nights at Winchester Hotel. The hotel is nice. Our room has a classic decoration, TV, heating, confortable bed. The bathroom has a good size for European hotels. The location is very good: 5 minutes walk from Victoria station on Belgrave Road. The English breaksfast has bacon, tomatoes, juice, tea, coffe, eggs, cereals and milk. The staff is very polite and helpful. The hotel has no elevator, but the staff help us carrying the luggages.	
Jan 30 2009 	Very nice hotel for money	I recently stayed at the Winchester Hotel when visiting a friend in the UK. The hotel is very centrally located and of good value. Of course there are not the luxuries of a larger hotel ie: lifts, large rooms etc, but it was well worth the price paid. The breakfasts were delicious and generous. The staff was more than helpful and I was offered help with luggage. The person who greeted me told me all about the sites and offers available for tourists. There is only one drawback for me. The walls are thin and unfortunately one night I had noisy neighbors in the next room. However, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Nice people good hotel	We stayed at the Winchester during the height of the summer season in 2008. Very convenient to Victoria station trains and tube, and also to city buses. Also, it was one of the few hotels in London near 100 Euros per night, as they are all expensive and most are not worth the money.We were greeted by the owner who is a wonderful person and very, very helpful. I had booked our room on the top floor so as to have the least amount of noise. Since there is no lift, the walk up 5 flights was pretty difficult (make sure you're in good shape), but the hotel employee took our bags for us. The room was very small, but it was clean and had its own bathroom. The area is very nice and there is a pub on the corner with pretty good food. The entire staff were so helpful, I would recommend this hotel for a good base to explore London. If you want luxury, forget it. But if you want a clean room with a hearty breakfast for a good price, then the Winchester is for you.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Little Hotel	Some background on us... Late twenty-somethings, no kids, looking to explore Europe in comfort ;o)After searching for months to find a decent affordable hotel in London, I stumbled across the Winchester. I had a good feeling from the reviews and the photos that were posted so we booked for 4 days at the beginning of October.It is a tiny little hotel but we expected that. A lot of European places are. My only criteria was wireless internet and it's own bathroom. I am just not into sharing a toilet or shower with others.We checked in around midnight and were given keys to our room. Very tiny. Barely enough room for the bed and 2 chairs but it was exactly what we needed. The bathroom was small as well but well lit and big enough for our needs (and i'm one with lots of hair appliances).We tried to hook up to the free wireless internet but realized we needed a password. No worries, we went to the 24 hour desk clerk and he provided us with the password so we could update our travel blog every day from our laptop.We found breakfast wonderful and it was never really full in the breakfast room so we never felt crowded. We actually only ate there the twice (even though it was included) as we found eating the bacon and eggs and toast to be quite heavy to start our day of touring so after that, we grabbed croissants from the tube stations.It doesn't have an elevator/lift but it was no issue for us as we were on the first floor. It may have been rough trying to lug our heavy suitcases up 4 flights of stairs. And there were lots and they were steep!All in all, we really enjoyed the hotel and the location. It was just a few blocks from Victoria Station so we were central to everything we needed. The only thing was that when we arrived at midnight, we were starving and nothing was open. No restaraunts, pubs, etc. It's more in a residential neighbourhood so there wasn't even any fast food places either to grap a quick snack.	
Dec 19 2008 	average British Hotel	This hotel had a nicely decorated room, that was also more spacious than others - of the same category - I have stayed at in London. The bathroom was new, nice and clean, but very small. The staff were helpful and kind enough, but we saw no trace of the owner, who was advertised on the website as the person in charge of the breakfast... Breakfast: it was advertised as the flagship of the venue, but.... I imagine it must be delightful for the Britons or others to have fat sausages, bacon, eggs and stuff early in the morning, along with a strong, horrible smell of fried food in the breakfast room, that sticks to your hair &amp; clothes, but.... I think we Italians are more likely to give it a miss!! Also: the breakfast room has very strong lights, that hurt your eyes when you've just woken up: this shows no respect or consideration whatsoever for the guest's comfort. After the first day, the prospect of that smell, that horrible unhealthy food and those unbearable lights led us to have breakfast at a café nearby. Location: EXCELLENT, very central, just a few steps from Victoria Station &amp; Tube, ideal base to explore London.	
Dec 17 2008 	very basic no frills but clean	The hotel is very basic, no frills, but clean. The rooms are very small, but that is typical in London for accommodations under 200€. It was clean and there is a desk clerk available 24 hours with free internet. Wireless internet is free and works well. There is no elevator/lift and the property is 4 floors tall. The neighborhood is safe and conveniently located near Victoria Station. Check-out time is 10:30AM and guests who have a late departure from London can have their baggage stored for 1 pound each.The only recommendation, be aware not to get room N° 20! We got that room and have to change it because is near reception, very noisy and specially small compared with other rooms (see pictures). They agreed to give us a different room for the next two nights (although we had to stay in the unappealing room for the first night). Our new room was better than the first night, but still nothing special. We stayed in room 3 which is ground level and faces away from the street.	
Nov 24 2008 	Nice Hotel	Stayed one night at the Winchester. We had a double room that was on the small side and was on the 4th floor with no lift. It was clean and there is a desk clerk available 24 hours with free internet. They also offer a full breakfast. The location is good if one needs to utilize the Victoria Coach or Victoria Train/Tube station.	
Nov 3 2008 	good value	I have stayed in a couple of B&amp;Bs in Belgravia and this is one of the better ones I've stayed in. There are cheaper places to stay but it was worth it for me to pay a little bit more for a better room. The neighborhood is safe and conveniently located near Victoria Station. Breakfast is included and the room was tidy. There isn't a lift so request a room on the ground floor. Overall, I have no complaints.	
Oct 29 2008 	Small Rooms Decent Location NO LIFT OR BAGGAGE HELP	This property was decent and clean, but I would encourage a traveler to mind the following before booking a room here:1. There is no elevator/lift and the property is four (4) floors tall, with eight flights of steps in a very narrow stairwell. There was nobody to help with our bags upon arrival, so after traveling for 12 hours straight, we had to lug everything up there alone.2. Showers have good water pressure, but only about 3 min of hot water.3. Rooms are very small and only have one or two power outlets, making getting ready or usage of electronics difficult.4. Wireless internet is free and works well.5. Breakfast is good, but eggs taste a bit like chemicals (chemical eggs).	
Oct 27 2008 	Why Stay Anywhere Else?	My friend and I just spent six nights at the Winchester Hotel and were very pleased.This is one of the cleanest hotel rooms I have stayed in, especially the bathroom.Very convenient to Victoria Station. We could walk there in three minutes and catch a train or the tube to almost anywhere. If you're flying into Gatwick, the Southern Rail train goes to Victoria for 10.90 pounds.There is a laundry less than two blocks away.We had a laptop with us. The wireless connection was erratic. At some times there were no issues at all. Later you would not be able to get any connection. If, like us, you are just wanting to check e-mail and upload some photos you can just try later. There was a safe in the closet that was big enough to hold my 15&quot; laptop.While we did not have problems with the stairs, some people might. The breakfast room is one level below ground. Our room was up one floor in the back, facing another street. On occasion there was some street noise but it was very infrequent and never bothered us.The room was bigger than I expected, but by US standards it is very small. In such a great city, we didn't spend much time in our room anyway!As a guest, the only control you have over the temperature of your room is by opening or closing a window. It wasn't a big issue for us, but could be a concern if you want the temperature just right. We were there in October and had no need of air conditioning. I would imagine that the hotel could get a little uncomfortable in the hottest weeks of the summer.Pros: great water pressure, comfortable bed, safe big enough to fit a laptop, cheap price for the location, breakfast.Cons: temperature control, wireless network connection.The negatives were very minor considering all the positives and I have no doubt that I will stay here again.	
Oct 10 2008	Great location breakfast clean and lots of stairs!	We stayed at the Winchester hotel when we first arrived in Europe and again when we left a couple of weeks later. Sure the Winchester isn't as nicely appointed as a Westin or a W, but it is something rare in London for it's value - a very clean, secure, and relatively quiet hotel (I guess this also depends on whether your room is facing the street or not). Pros:* Clean! Don't overlook how BIG a deal this is for a London hotel in the Winchester's price range. * Great morning breakfast! Of course it was so big I didn't feel like eating again until the afternoon.* The staff is actually very helpful and friendly, they just are very gregarious about it.* Terrific location. You're close to all the transit at Victoria station, but not located on one of the crazy busy streets surrounding the station.Cons:* Only 5 TV channels - but since they are British tv channels the quality and diversity of the shows on these 5 channels makes them about equal to 15 US TV channels.* The wifi access on the computer is pretty spotty.* Lots and lots of stairs. We were on the top floor! Oy!	
Sep 22 2008 	Would We Book It Again ?	Our stay ( Wife &amp; I ) was from Sept 5th for three nights.PROS : Within walking distance ( 10 minutes ) from Victoria Station Tube and train from Gatwick Airport. Rate includes breakfast and VAT and is Cheap compared to other London accommodations. Close to major attractions like Buckingham Palace and walkable to Harrods, Hyde Park, Winchester Cathedral, Parliament, London Eye etc. Restaurants and shops nearby. Room and bathroom were kept clean daily. Full English Breakfast was filling. In-room coffee maker / tea pot. Someone was always at Reception Desk to answer questions. Stored luggage when we arrived too early for room occupancy and carried it upstairs for us.Shower water pressure was refreshing. Free computer use. ( See CONS )CONS : Rooms on lower floors and facing over Belgrave Road are noisy from night street and sidewalk traffic. Our first room was not conducive to sleep ( window stuck open a few inches ) so we had to request a change to one facing the back which was quiet. Walls are thin and entry doors of other adjacent rooms must be slammed to shut and make loud noises. No air-conditioning. Room Safe on closet floor very difficult to utilize. Computer &quot; broke &quot; after first day and was not fixed by the time we left. Sink is small and cramped and faucet water pressure is low.Would we Book It Again ? NO It was not bad, but there are lots of other choices and Trip Advisor Reviews can be consulted.	
Aug 26 2008 	Nice stay - good value - great location	My family just returned from London where we stayed at the Winchester for 2 nights. We had 2 double rooms and found them generous-sized, clean and well-appointed. The rate was good and the hotel's proximity to the Victoria station made it a great location for touring central London. The breakfast is good - eggs, bacon, juice and coffee.The only disappointments were the long climb to the top - no elevator - not uncommon and the lack of information forthcoming form the staff. They were welcoming and friendly but not very well informed.All in all, a nice place to stay and a good bargain.	
Jul 4 2008	grows on you	I picked this hotel for my husband and myself and our two young adult children, because it was affordable. I wish we could have stayed in Kensington or Knightsbridge. On checking in, we were disappointed. My husband said we should think of it as a motel. Once we got settled in and started sight-seeing, we thought of Winchester Hotel as home. It is close to Victoria Station which has rail, underground, and buses, and in walking distance of Buckingham Palace. We easily visited many major sights by taxi and the underground.Abigail, who works the evening shift, gave us a superb recommendation for Indian food in the neighborhood. We went there twice out of three nights. It's called Paradise.Winchester Hotel serves a hearty English breakfast with eggs fried or scrambled to order, tomatoes, bacon and sausage, toast and croisant, and dry cereals.	
Jul 4 2008 	Good Value	Husband and I found this Hotel a good value for London. Location near Victoria Station helpful to get around. Safe residential area. Room was clean and towels refreshed daily. Room #20, ground floor, was a bit stuffy; fan in room helped, as did propping open the door to the hallway. Safe provided in the room. Proprietor pleasant and helpful.	
Jul 1 2008 	Perfect for us	They were closer to Victoria Station than I thought and the room was ready when we arrived early. The staff was excellent - the reception clerk gave us his telephone card when we needed to call Canada. The room was small but very functional. The location was what impressed us most. Very substantial breakfast in a beautiful room. We'll be back.	
Jun 2 2008 	Worth the money	Recently stayed here for two nights with a couple of friends. We had a triple room ( double and single) which was small but with everything we needed.Beds comfortable, quiet room on the first floor (No 5), bathroom immaculate and newly refurbished or so it looked like. Towels changed daily. TV, hairdryer and kettle etc.. in the room too.Breakfast very good ( fruit juice/cereals/toast, muffins and crossiants/english breakfast) and kitchen also immaculate. Staff friendly and helpful.Location is excellent, 5 mins from Victoria station and within walking distance of Harrods and Kings Road.Good price of £120 per room, per night, especially for London and then you are left with more money to go shopping!!! or to a show!!!	
May 6 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights on our first trip to London. Great location, with a 5 minute walk from the Victoria tube station. No frills, but clean. The quad-room was a good size for a family. Wireless internet access was free and reliable (on the first floor). No elevator. No air conditioning. We requested a fan but were told there was only 3 fans for the hotel and they were all being used. Friendly staff. Breakfast and service was good, but scrambled eggs and bacon were a little wierd if you are from U.S.	
Apr 29 2008 	Got to be something better!	First of all, on the plus side -- the hotel is located just a short 5 minute walk to Victoria Station, where you can easily get on the Hop on-Hop Off Bus Tour and the Tube. We felt safe walking back from the station late at night after a show. The breakfast was adequate and it was nice to not have to worry about finding a spot to eat before heading off to explore London. The rooms were clean. If that's all you expect from your accomodation in London, then this place will probably work for you. However, I expected a bit more and was disappointed. I had contacted the front desk by email when I made the booking in January to request 2 rooms, 1 king and 1 double, for our family of 4, next to or across the hall from each other. (We were travelling with our 2 children, so I wanted the kids' room to be near ours.) I was assured that they could and would accomodate my request. We arrived before check-in (about 9:30 AM) and were told that our rooms would be on different floors and said that they had never received any email with my request. (I wish I'd brought a copy of the emails between us!) The attitude of the woman working the front desk was one of total disinterest. The kids' tv didn't work and the hotel staff said they would fix it and never did. Our room was cold and when we called the front desk to see if the heat could be turned on nothing happened. My daughter asked the woman staffing the front desk if they could mail a postcard for her and was laughed at and told no. She asked where she could buy a stamp and they said they didn't know. Don't give these people your business, they don't deserve it. In all of London, there has got to be a better place to stay!	
Apr 11 2008 	Great	It´s a great hotel for that amount of money. Service are excellent, specially breakfast people.The only recommendation, be aware not to get room N° 20! We got that room and have to change it because is near reception, very noisy and specially small compared with other rooms.Although that event, hotel is great!	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent value	Stay of 2 nights 4th to 6th March 2008Location: 4 minutes walk from Victoria Train StationWelcome: Friendly, gave me good advice for nearby restaurantsEnvironnement: Nice: it is the beginning of Belgrave Road, quite safe. Restaurants around (Boisdale, Olivo, same road or pubs and fish and chips further down, all at 5 minutes walk)Price: reasonnable for London in this area: 95£ per night, with cancellation possible at 48h notice (I booked on their website)Room: Non smoker, quiet: overlooking the back: no noise at all from the outside, and none from the inside.The room was a double one, sufficiently wide (2 armchairs, cupboard with many hangers, a safe, kettle for tea and coffee, TV)Bathroom: Plenty room, large shower, obviously new, Cleanliness: it was spotless, towels changed everyday.Breakfast: English traditional: Served at the place: orange juice, cereals, eggs, bacon, sausage and tomato.Conclusion: I went there for my work, and I will go back to this place: it is by far the best of the hotels I have tried in this category.	
Mar 10 2008 	Cute old building	Basic room for London...no lift, adequate bathroom. Nice front desk staff although they seemed fake and forced. Very clean room and bathroom...nice little balcony garden that over looked the street--perhaps a bit overpriced @ $200 US dollars per night. Was convenient to the train station.	
Feb 24 2008 	value comfort great location	we stayed at the Winchester for one night whilst in London seeing a show, it is described as being 10 mins walk from Victoria station it's actually 5 which is even better.Check-in was prompt, hassle free and friendly as was check-out. breakfast the following morning was also as good as described full cooked, toast, croissant, buckets of tea and coffee. And as promised we were able to leave our bag's their in safe a place whilst we spent the next day in London.We walked to her maj's with ease in 10 mins from the hotel then a further 10 after tea with the corgi's brought us to Trafalgar square then 10 more took us to the London eye hence great location as the hotel describes. If your not up to the walk don't worry 5 mins back to Victoria station and the buses run believe it or not every 15mins all over London, bus fare £2.00 a ride.The room, was small but you could swing a cat if you wished, bed comfortable with extra pillows in the wardrobe which were found in a protective covers, two comfy chair's, tv, kettle selection of tea &amp; coffee, clean towels, and the shower was excellent even provided shower gel, O and the heating work's. nice touch i thought, in reception which is 24hr, they have a chiller with pop &amp; water £1, which in summer months when you wake needing a drink as i have is a god send.all staff encountered friendly, polite, informed &amp; helpful.would definitely stay here again and have already recommended to friends and the &quot;boss&quot; must be good, all in all good value with comfort in a great central location.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great little Hotel	After a long day travelling, it was nice to see a smiling face at reception, check-in easy, was directed to our room on the first floor overlooking the back of the hotel, it was small but we know this is the same in most hotels in London.The room was spotless it had a kettle, loads of coathangers, extra pillows, hairdryer and a couple of chairs, the temperature of the water and pressure were consistant at any time of day.The breakfast is really good, tea/coffee, juice, cereals,eggs and bacon, toast, jams, croissants and even mini muffins some mornings, served 7-9 so you can get a full day of sightseeing in, all this just round the corner from the station.	
Dec 27 2007	Great Little Hotel!	We stayed two nights at the Winchester Hotel. There were three adults in our party. Our room (#5) was very small, but typical for London and certainly adequate, as we spent most of our time touring London. The bathroom was tiny, but again adequate for our needs, and very clean. We had one double and one twin bed, both comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. The full English breakfast was awesome consisting of eggs cooked to order, toast, croissants, butter and jam, juice and tea. Delicious! Cold breakfast was also available. The location can't be beat - just 5 minutes' stroll from Victoria Station, which you access by taking the Piccadilly line from Heathrow Airiport. Reasonably priced compared to other places I checked. Of course, the US dollar:English Pounds exchange rate killed us all around. Would highly recommend the Winchester Hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 17 2007	Excellent Service	A really charming place with excellent service. The staff was willing to help you with whatever you needed either it be taxi arrangements, to finding out airport delays..they would always help you out. The rooms were simple and small just like every other London hotel. The rooms were cleaned on a daily basis and the hotel itself was kept up nicely. The breakfast is amazing..they will make you a large breakfast every morning which will hold you up until dinner if need be.They also provide Internet service free of charge which is always a plus.If your looking for a charming hotel with excellent service and in a great location this is the one for you!	
Dec 17 2007	Very Nice	Very pleasant place, excellent staff, great location. I felt very comfortable here and would return.	
Nov 5 2007	Great Experience at the Winchester	We stayed at the Winchester for 8 nights in October (20-28). The staff was very friendly and helpful and rooms clean and comfortable. We arrived before our room was ready. They let us leave our bags and when we came back they had taken them up to our room on the top floor. This was a small room with two single beds, but very comfortable. After three nights, they moved us to a larger double room one floor below that. Again, they moved our luggage for us. Hot English breakfast every morning or just cereal and toast if you prefered. The staff were very helpful when one of the day trip tours we had booked didn't work out and rebooked another tour for us. This was a very easy location near Victoria Station Tube and Buses. Nice little shopping area around the corner with cafes and shops and a local launderette where we washed our clothes mid-week. I would recommend this hotel. A very pleasant experience.	
Oct 14 2007 	Nice little place	Winchester Hotel is a nice little bed and breakfast type hotel. Breakfast was included and quite good. We got there early in the morning and they let us wash up in their courtesy bathroom and leave our luggage that they brought up to our third floor room. There is no elevator so if your room is up there, be prepared to do some stairs. The room was very small but had everything we needed. The bathroom also tiny. The toilet had a bit of trouble flushing, we told the staff and they said they'd look at it but I'm not sure if they ever did. The hotel is very close to Victoria Station so easy for the Tube or to the airports and more. The room was expensive 89 pounds a night - but everything is in London, especially with the exchange rate. The staff were quite friendly but sometimes comunication was not always the best. We would stay here again and enjoyed our time in London.	
Oct 10 2007 	Great Experience	My wife and I stayed here on our recent trip to London. We found the hotel and staff to be extremely accomodating. The hotel was coveniently located near Victoria Station and within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace. When we had questions about places to eat or taking a bus somewhere the hotel staff was extremely knowledgable. Although the room seemed small it was very comfortable and well appointed. We unexpectedly had to return to London later in our trip and wish that we had chosen the Winchester once again.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great service	This great hotel exceeded my expectations after reading many London hotel reviews prior to the trip. The English breakfast was fine, the rooms were sparkling, the front desk lady was very helpful, the location close by Victoria was convenient for bus, tube, or walking, and the pubs close by served decent food. I'd highly recommend this place, and definitely stay there again. The rooms are small, but aren't most of them in this price range in London?	
Sep 18 2007	Nice B	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and had great luck. The room was small but had everything we needed. This place has location, nice employees, good breakfast and was a great find.	
Aug 5 2007 	Our favorite neighborhood stay in a city we love	My husband and I just returned from a two-week trip to England and Ireland. We began and ended our trip in London and for both of those short stays we booked the Winchester. It is actually our second stay in the hotel - we had been there four years earlier. The Winchester is in a terrific location for us - off the beaten path a little in Belgravia but very, very convenient for walking to Victoria Station and going anywhere within the city you may wish. We enjoy the neighborhood pubs and restaurants, the coffee and sandwich shops. You can certainly spend a lot more money for a room in London, but the Winchester has all that we need. Good price. Understated, yet clean and well-maintained. Helpful staff. Good and plentiful breakfast. Attention to special requests (We had a quiet room on the backside of the hotel!). We'll almost certainly be back!	
Jul 7 2007 	Adequate	This hotel was very basic -- met our needs, but didn't &quot;wow&quot; us. We initially were given an unappealing room -- uncomfortable beds, needed fresh paint, poorly decorated. I complained and they graciously agreed to give us a different room for the next two nights (although we had to stay in the unappealing room for the first night). That said, the staff was very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was average. Our new room was much better than the first night, but still nothing special. Good location though. Close to Victoria Station, a central hub of the London underground. Nice neighborhood and area (Belgravia) of London.	
Apr 27 2007 	I'd come back!	My wife and I stayed 6 nights and it's fine. I'd have no issues with booking here again. The staff is very helpful and it's a great location. There was a mixed crowd of young kids/students and 40somethings. It did get a bit loud when the younger students came in between midnight and 2am. We stayed in room 3 which is ground level and faces away from the street (I would not stay if my room faced the street, unless I was at the top floor) Most of what people say is true - it is a bit threadbare, yes you can find stains on the blankets and lampshades if you look, the bed wasn't the most comfortable, but we slept fine.....I booked enough in advance that I could have booked a Luna Simone, but decided that the location was better (closer to grocery store and multiple pubs) and when you are hauling suitcases to/from Victoria the distance really counts.	
Mar 3 2007 	Nice Hotel	The Winchester Hotel is in a good location, a short walk to Victoria Station. There is no elevator and we stayed on the top floor, was hard to walk up with our luggage, but gave us good exercise throughout the trip.The room was very small, but cozy and the bathroom was recently updated. No issues with the water pressure. The room was clean, beds were a bit firm and there were some paint stains on the carpet. I should mention that while we were there the hotel was being renovated and they had recently painted our room, they were in the process of painting the hallways.Breakfast was simple, but good and satisfying. Nice to have it included in the rate since everything is so expensive in London. Didn't have any problems during our stay. Liked the location, clean, safe neighborhood, would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 27 2007	Excellent Location	You can't beat the location of this hotel. It is on hotel row, there must be at leat 8 hotels immediately adjacent. It is about 5 minutes from Victoria Station on foot, and the coach terminal (bus station) is across the street from the railroad station. The Original Bus Tour of London has a pickup point right there at Victoria as well. There is a sort of mall above the station that includes a souvenir shop, a Boots drug store, and a small grocery store that is open until 11 pm. There's also every kind of fast food in the mall. The hotel staff was fine. There is internet access (says 10 minutes at a time, but not enforced if no one else is waiting) which is handy for online checkin for the return flight. The room was very small, but that is typical in England. No complaints about the cleanliness. There were a couple things that needing fixing, and when I told them to the girl at checkout, she opened a log and immediately wrote them down, which is a good sign. I might mention that unlike other reviewers, I have no complaint about water pressure.The breakfast is good and filling, keeps you going for hours of sightseeing.	
Feb 5 2007 	Poor	Overall we thought this hotel was poor. The room was ok a bit worn and threadbare, the heating couldnt be controlled so we had to blow open the windows to try to cool the place down. The TV when turned on briefly had a nasty loud squeel (not that we were there to watch TV). The bed linens were excessively perfumed which bothered my during the night and added to the stuffiness. The staff were nice and identified a water heating problem which meant that there might be a problem showering, well they werent joking, there was no hot water or water pressure. This Hotel was recommended by Rick Steves book, anyway we busted out of there and went over to another nearby Hotel that was newly renovated ie everything functioned, was very clean and cost less money. I then had a proper full pressure shower!	
Jan 9 2007 	Nice 	Stayed there with my wife and 8 year old son and really enjoyed my stay. For 90stg for a triple room per night it was worth it. Check-in was swift, hotel and room were always clean, English breakfast was good and the shower in the room was excellent. To add to this the staff was very friendly and really made us feel at home. The hotel is also well located with a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station. The only advise I give is that if you have elderly people with you ask for a room downstairs because there is no lift and the steps to reach the top floors are quite hard. I was on the third floor and the last thing you need is stairs after touring London. Having said this I would definitely recommend this hotel and will surely choose it for my next stay.	
Dec 20 2006 	Good location very clean	I stayed at the winchester in Dec. 06 with my husband and our two kids (20 &amp; 18). I did some research and found that for the price it was a great deal for a quad en-suite room. We have stayed in the victoria station area before and found that it is very easy to get around London if you are in this area. The room we had was very clean, of course by US standards it was a little crowded, but if we want US hotels, we stay in the US. The bathroom was very roomy, I was expecting something smaller. The shower was a small stall type, however the water pressure was amazing, wish I could get that at home. I had read the reviews here and opted to shower at night to avoid hot water problems. My kids showered in the morning and we only had one morning when someone got a cool shower. Breakfast was good and service was very quick and friendly. The staff we found to be very friendly and helpful. They always greeted us with a smile and helped out with any questions we had. We were in a downstairs room, and it was always well heated, we in fact kept the windows open because it got a litte warm at times, I think the pipes for the boiler ran under the room. But with the window open the tempurature was fine. If you are looking for a well located, easy to get to, clean hotel, then I would recommend the Winchester.	
Dec 15 2006 	If this is supposed to be good- I don't want to see the rest!	The description of a small boutique hotel, reccommeded by Dorking Kindersely etc etc -- must have been written by the owners. This was a drab, run down hotle- threadbare carpets, stained bedspreads, poor lighting and very dirty curtains. After a very uncomfortable night on a board like bed I was greeted at breaksfast by breakfats composed of 1 inch of poor quality orange juice and a bargain basment yogurt. Not value for money at all- my advice- seek out deals with better class establishments	
Nov 29 2006 	A Nice Place!	We booked our stay here after reading the Rick Steves' recommendation. The hotel is in a great location with a very helpful staff. We were on the third floor and there is no elevator so this is definitely not the hotel for people who can't walk a few flights of stairs. The included breakfast was filling and decent, just not gourmet.	
Nov 23 2006 	Victoria's Secret	IN the face of widespread enthusiasm on the part of other members not much needs to be added. In the intimate theatre of accommodation it is always pleasing when a production works as well as it does here, I needed to catch a very early Gatwick Express and cast around in the Victoria area for an overnight stop. The Winchester is 5 minutes from the station rear entrance which gives on to the Gatwick Shuttle platforms. My rear top-floor ( fourth) room was small but nicely furnished - a small attic window gave an agreeable view of the roofs of Pimlico backed by the London Eye. Bathroom also small and needed attention behind the taps in the shower. But all cleverly squeezed into the space available. I had to leave before the &quot; Full English &quot; came on stream but there was no difficulty in obtaining from reception coffee, croissant &amp; yoghourt and having it served to me there before I left. I could not trace on the internet sites I consulted any single rooms so was obliged to take a twin - perhaps the hotel could think about a rate for double room with single occupancy ?Otherwise, chapeau...!	
Nov 14 2006 	Would Return to Winchester	We stayed at the Winchester Hotel for 3 nights and found the hotel comfortable and cozy. The room rate is reasonable considering the fantastic location. Victoria station is not even a 5 minute walk. The room was tidy and all the basics were there. The breakfast included in the rate was great. Both the service and the food was excellent. Parking over the weekend was not a problem and was free but during the weekdays the car had to be moved to an NCP lot. All in all the stay was trouble free and we would definitely stay at the Winchester again.	
Oct 23 2006 	Loved The Winchester	Yes, it's a little shabby, and being right by Victoria Station, it's not as quiet as a monastery, but very comfy and very homey. The breakfast was good and the dining room cozy-- we got to talk to alot of the other guests. The shower had amazing water pressure and was as hot as we wanted, even on the top floor. The staff is incredibly accommodating and helpful.One issue for travellers that are not as spry as they once were: there is no elevator and stairs are required to get to the breakfast room and to nearly all of the rooms. Steep, narrow stairs. This is an old building, with all that goes with it. If you want new and shiny, stay in the States!	
Sep 1 2006 	A+ Customer Service 	I stayed at the Winchester Hotel for just 3 nights of vacation in August. It was a girl trip with I was really weary of staying in London, as I have heard horror stories of B&amp;B/Hotels being dirty, having shared bathrooms and not enough space to stand (while being quite $$$ at the same time).First impressionI was pleasantly surprised with the Winchester Hotel. We arrived around 11am and checked in. Our room was not ready yet, but would be ready about 1pm. The receptionist took our bags and said she would hold them for us. She proactively gave us a map and circled 3 things to do within walking distance. Buckingham Palace, Big Ben &amp; The Eye. We thanked her and went on our way for our 1st big tourist day.We arrived back at the hotel around 4pm and checked in. We were told that we were on the 3rd floor and I groaned because my suitcase weighed 60 pounds and my friends’ suitcase weighed 50lbs and there was no elevator in this hotel. The receptionist promptly informed me that she would notify the handyman to bring us our bags. We were amazed that this was the case based on reviews that we read on this site before, however again we were pleasantly surprised. We went to our room and a few minutes later we heard a knock at the door and it was the receptionist herself who carried the bags up! She said that the handyman was not available and she didn't want to keep us waiting. I was thrilled but shocked that this small woman was willing to carry a 60lb suitcase &amp; then a 50lb suitcase up 4 flights of stairs just to please a customer. The RoomThe room was a twin room, which was small (common in London), but very cozy. There was no A/C, but there was an oscillating fan and the window had a nice breeze. The rooms smelled fresh and the linens were clean. We were very pleased on the condition of the room.ServiceOverall, the service in this hotel was top notch. The breakfast service every morning was phenomenal. I have never been treated so nicely and with respect in a hotel EVER. The key here is consistency... every interaction I had with the staff was an A+. Most hotels have so many shifts you are bound to get 1 or 2 duds who are indifferent to you as the customer, but not at the Winchester. They went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable at all times.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it for anyone traveling to London.	
Jul 24 2006 	Chintzy and quaint!	We booked a hotel on a last minute website, only to arrive and find the worst hotel i've ever seen, so we walked along belgrave roadlooking for alternative accommodation. We found it at the winchester, run by a lovely, very friendly chap named jimmy who was very accommodating and found us a room. Apparently the curtains here are made by the same lady who makes the curtains for buckingham palace!The room was chintzy and a bit old fashioned, but had a lovely comfy bed, was clean and well kept, and very 'english' (my first weekend away with a partner ever - it was just what we wanted!)The breakfast was great and was cooked by jimmy himself, who also went round offering baskets of muffins.It was a fairly good value london hotel. we had no problems, staff were lovely and we left feeling like we'd had a great weekend.Would recommend for one or two nights for a cosy break!	
Jul 13 2006	Very Happy at the Winchester	My 84-year-old mother and I stayed at the Winchester, where we were shown a roomy (by London standards) twin room one flight up. It was quiet and clean. The rooms are a little tired looking but so much better than a similarly priced room at the Best Western in Kensington. Each room has a water ketttle and tea/coffee service. The toilets flushed easily and the water pressure in the shower was grand. The staff bent over backwards to help us and other guests: assisting with travel arrangements, half-priced theatre tickets, directions, recommendations. They served as bell hops, concierge, front desk and everything else. We had a few hot days and asked for a fan. No problem. One was delivered instantly. There was some confusion about booking dates and we were not charged for the extra night in dispute. Breakfast was ample and prompt and served by friendly staff.The neighborhood is great. Not only is it near Victoria Station, the number 24 bus stops nearby and goes past Westminster Abbey, Trafalger Square, into the heart of the West End. There's a Sainsburys around the corner.We would stay there again and recommend it to friends traveling on a budget.	
May 22 2006	Disappointing stay at Winchester	Don't expect to get what you asked for. I booked a room well in advance of my stay and specifically requested, and was promised, a twin room on a lower floor (travelling with 80 y.o. mother so needed 2 beds and minimal stair climbing). The first night we were in a room that was a triple and up 3 flights of stairs. The second and third night we had a choice of 2 rooms to move to - the room 2 flights up was a twin, the room 1 flight up was a bit roomier and nicer, but a double. So we had to move, were never in a twin, had too many flights of stairs one night, and to get fewer stairs had to settle for a double bed the other 2 nights!! The hotel in general is nice but a bit run down. The best thing about it is the location, being very close to Victoria station and about a 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. I do NOT recommend it. By-the-way I picked this place largely due to a recommendation in a Rick Steve's book on London. They did have a nice, full English breakfast - that's the most positive thing I can think to say other than the convenient location in a pretty neighborhood.	
May 19 2006	Horrible Start to Our Vacation	MY 2 sisters and I stayed at the Winchester Hotel on the recommendation of some friends. I guess everyone has different standards. We were not impressed from the beginning to end. We arrived exhausted after a very long trip from VANCOUVER B.C. and were shown to our room which was NOTHING like the website that claimed &quot;THE FAMILY ROOM&quot; was spacious.. What a joke! 4 Narrow beds crammed into a tiny room. THE Patio that people referred to in previous posts, was basically open to anyone, hence no security. Many pigeon's called it home too, so it was extremely noisy and you couldn't have any air because you couldn't keep the door opened. THE &quot;COOING&quot; started at dawn. The old decrepit building creaked. Water pressure was lacking, toilets didn't flush. Horrible showers, breakfast was OK, but not relaxing, the staff buzzed around constantly banging dishes.(The dishes were completely worn &amp; scratched. THE fellow on the desk at night was very pleasant and helpful. Also everyone helped us with our luggage because we were down stairs in the basement (narrow stairs - kind of creepy) MAID SERVICE was lacking, not enough towels, and the room was not that clean, and was tired, old and worn out (like we felt after being there for 3 nights). THEY did get me ear plugs when I complained about the noise. We felt that we were staying in a dormitory and made every effort to stay out of the hotel. I would never recommend the Winchester Hotel and would obviously never stay there again.	
May 10 2006	Where is the water?	We recently stayed at the WInchester and expected better value than we received. The staff was very friendly and the room and bathroom were decent size. In addition, the breakfast was good. However, we had not previously learned of the water problem and on both mornings of our stay the water was off. When we awoke the first morning the water was off and the staff said it was being fixed. When informed that the water was on my wife took a shower and midway through her shower the water went off again. The staff said the repairman had to fix nother pipe and had turned off the water again. I experienced the same problem when I took a shower later. Then next morning the water was off again and the staff said it was being repaired. It seems this is a chronic problem and not something that just happened during our visit.	
Apr 1 2006	Acceptable accommodations at Winchester Hotel	We rate our recent 6-night stay at the Winchester Hotel as acceptable. We made the reservations months in advance for a double room and confirmed them a week before we left for England. Upon arrival we were informed there was a problem with the room we requested and would be put in a triple for one night. It wasn't a major problem except then we could not unpack and relax because everything had to remain in the suitcases for the staff to move them to another room the next day. The breakfast each morning was swiftly and pleasantly served. Just be aware it is a LOT of grease in the 3 slices of bacon and sausage. The hot tomatoes were delicious. The eggs are your choice of scrambled or fried. The croissants were fabulous. Quite an artery clogger of a breakfast but we assured ourselves we would walk it off during the day. The staff was friendly and eager to please. The rooms are adequate. The furnishings are showing their age and the bedspreads and linens had stains on them. The carpet could use a good shampooing. The bathrooms were very clean except for the shower which had a mold problem. We also quickly learned the &quot;English way&quot; of flushing a toilet of pushing the lever up and down quite a few times to get a flush. Having been warned in previous reviews that the water inexplicably goes off in the morning we took no chances and showered at night. Plenty of hot water then. We only got caught one morning about 8 am without water to brush our teeth. Bottled water worked just fine. . All in all it was a hotel convenient to public transportation and priced right. It was in a quiet area and we had no trouble with street noise at night. It was a short walk to good restaurants, pubs, and even a grocery store. All this said,we probably would try another hotel on any return visit.	
Jan 20 2006	Great Little Hotel!	The Winchester was just what we were looking for in London, a nice quiet little hotel, that was a good value! In London, this is HARD to find. My husband and I travelled to London for the first time this past November, for our anniversary. We started off in Amsterdam and hopped a flight to London mid-trip, at the last minute! We had tossed the idea around at home, but had planned to go to Paris instead. Well, the week before our trip, riots broke out in Paris and we decided that that was not what we were looking for! At the last minute, we e-mailed the Winchester and they held a room for us! Once we arrived at the hotel, the staff could not be ANY nicer. They went out of their way to make sure we knew where we were going, recommended lots of cool stuff to do and most important, (pay attention here!), they advised us of bus #24. Bus 24 went EVERYWHERE. At least everywhere we wanted to go! Big Ben, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, the Eye, you name it! Frankie's tips for site seeing and where to eat were AWESOME! The hotel is thin and skinny, but tall! We were on the top floor and on the back of the hotel. From our room, we could see Big Ben and the Eye Ferris Wheel. The only thing that I didn't like was that there is no lift and after a long day, all those stairs are tough! Breakfast was included each morning and WOW, was it big! Eggs, bacon, sausage, tomato, cereal, croissants, crumpets, coffee, juice, etc! Super tasty too! The room we had was a small triple, but we were still only charged for the price of a double! The bathroom was tiny, but not unmanageable. The shower was sort of an adventure for my husband who is 6'2&quot; tall! The water pressure was AWESOME, but...we were there when they had started to have rolling water black outs...you know where this is going...my husband was in the shower, all soapy, doing just fine, and then...the water shut off! It only lasted a few minutes and then came back on intermitently, and he managed to finish his shower. This was the only problem we had the whole time. We looked at it as part of our adventure together! I can't stress enough just how pleasant and helpful the staff were to us, even handing us an umbrella to use for the day when it looked cloudy out! London is a beautiful, old, crazy, expensive, loud and proud city and the Winchester was a nice little oasis in it's midst, with an aswesome staff, a great location and was a fantastic value. We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!	
Nov 30 2005	Wonderful Hotel Especially for the Price	We stayed 4 nights at this wonderful little hotel in Belgravia. The room was somewhat smallish, but nicely furnished and totally adequate for our purposes. We had a double room on the first floor, at the back of the hotel. The staff is awesome and provided excellent suggestions for sights to see and local restaurants. Breakfast was included with the room, so all in all, we felt the 85 pounds a night was money well spent. This was our first time to Europe, and this was a great way to get acclimated. Clean, quiet, well located and reasonable -- we would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great deal. No credit cards or traveler's checques, but that's a small factor in the overall experience at the Winchester.	
Oct 29 2005	Exceeded expectations	Maybe 3 dots, but I'm giving it 4 due to the terrifc customer service. After reading all the reviews on this site about the hotels in the Victoria Station area, I was quite nervous about what I would encounter for 85 pounds. Maybe my expectations were low, but I was pleasantly surprised. We were satisfied enough with this hotel to book another room for our return through London at the end of the trip.Upon arrival both times, we were greeted by very friendly staff and helped with the bags. Andre, Frank and the others were quite friendly, helpful, very accomadating and full of information.The first room had one double bed and two chairs. The second had one double bed and one single. Both rooms were small, but sufficient. The bed in the first room was comfortable; the bed in the second room was quite squeaky. Both had a window - one looked into a service area, one over nearby roofs.In general the rooms were clean, with a few shortcomings. Both bathrooms were obviously cleaned, but could have used a good deep cleaning at the exhaust fan where the air intake was - the dirt was caked on there good in both, and a good scrubbing of the caulk in the shower would be good for both. On the second stay, the water inexplicably shut off during a shower, and took more than 10 minutes to come back on again. Even once it came back on, it was intermittent. This was for the shower only, as the sink worked fine, so it is a mystery. The staff blamed this on both the water pressure problems in the area, and on too many women staying in the hotel (apparently women take longer showers than men). They referred us to a copy of a newspaper article placed in the guest room, but that article indicated that the water pressure problem would cause building owner to invest in pumps to have adequate water. Apparently this hotel has not invested in such pumps, or I misunderstood the article.The one other surprise was that there is an intercom system built into the headboard of the beds. At 8:30 in the morning they announce, very loudly, that breakfast is being served, and continue this announcement every 10 minutes until everyone is accounted for! It turns out that the announcement is not the only thing preventing sleeping in - since everyone is up, you hear the general shuffling about, creaking of stairs, etc. Breakfast is hearty - eggs, sausage, bacon, croissants, cereal, juice, coffee, toast, etc. with terrific service - about 5 staff for 8 tables!In general the customer service is terrific - could not be better as long as you are ok with the morning announcement! The rooms and hotel are clean, but worn, with a spot on a bedspread, and worn carpets. The rooms are small, but more than adequate. For 85 pounds, this is apparently, by UK standards for the Victoria Station area, a great deal. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 13 2005	enjoyed our stay	We enjoyed our stay at the Winchester. The staff was very friendly, spent some time with us and offered some directions. Our family thought the hotel was very clean and safe. Short walk to the tube station and many attractions. Only negatives were the floor creaking with the family upstairs and running out of hot water mid-morning for showers. However, we don't go to Europe with the desire to stay in bland american-like hotels. We would stay there again.	
Oct 4 2005	Loved the Winchester	My son and I recently returned from a trip to London and Paris and I wanted to leave this review for the Winchester. This is my first trip to Europe and my son's second. Both of us enjoyed our stay here. I think one of the things to remember is you need to go there with an open mind. My son warned me that the hotels would not be similar to the ones in the U.S. We had a very enjoyable stay at the Winchester. We were all the way up on the top floor and they offered to move us after the first night, but we figured we could use the exercise. Everyone we met there, including the staff, were extremely nice. The rooms are adequate, considering you are not in them for long. The only problem was with the water, but considering there are many units in the hotel, you can't expect the water to last forever. My son and I would just shower in the evening - no problem. The location was fabulous, only a short walk from Victoria Station. The charm of this hotel lies in the fact that so many of the buildings there are old. I believe if people want the convenience of hotel similar to the ones in the U.S. they would need to stay outside of the city or stay in very expensive hotels. I would definitely stay here again - hopefully not on the top floor. Although by the end of our week there I was getting used to the stairs. Also, the breakfast they served here was wonderful and the service outstanding! I can't wait to go back to London and stay there again.	
Oct 4 2005	Great Stay		
Oct 2 2005	Great Staff at the Winchester		
Sep 30 2005	Heat Wave and scalding water		
Sep 29 2005	The Winchester Hotel Warm Welcoming a Good Choice for the Budget Conscious		
Sep 15 2005	Friendly service		
Sep 11 2005	Great service at the Winchester		
Jun 8 2005	Given the state of the dollar this is your best bet		
May 4 2005	Good value		
Mar 20 2005	Winchester a Winner		
Jan 16 2005	Safe and well cared for by the crew at the Winchester		
Aug 17 2009 	????????????		
Aug 1 2009 	Muy Bueno Cerca de todo		
Apr 28 2009 	da consigliare		
Apr 25 2009 	Estupenda ubicación céntrico zona tranquila.		
Apr 18 2009 	Zu empfehlen		
Feb 10 2009 	Muy aconsejable		
Jan 23 2009	?????????????		
Oct 21 2008 	Excelente relacion calidad precio		
Dec 18 2007 	Piccolo carino pulito: OTTIMO!		
