	Very handy for the airport nice rooms and quiet	Obviously very close to the airport, I normally use the option of parking for 4 days which makes the price quite good. Rooms are a good size and very clean but some are suffering a little bit. Bathrooms are big and have shower screens rather than curtains (hooray!) WiFi access is everywhere and is free. There are 2 restaurants (there were 3 but one seems permanently closed) the food is good but very expensive, never had breakfast there as I normally have an early flight to catch. Staff are normally very pleasant and recently when checking out the computers were down and within 2 hours I had the bill emailed to me. Despite being so close to the airport the hotel is quiet so the sound proofing must be good. Building is modern and a little charmless but nice nonetheless.	
Nov 24 2009 	Yet again a truly professional establishment...	Having spent two nights in a Think Hotel in London my wife and I were truly looking forward to our stay at the Radisson, we had been on our feet exhibiting at London Olympia for three days and for long hours... arriving at the hotel just after 10pm...Welcomed by a trainee receptionist whom was pleasant and attentive, when she got out of her depth when an upgrade was requested she immediately escalated to a supervisor which is a sign of good training. We got that complimentay upgrade to a business class room and as our prepaid rate was just £89 there were no complaints there, we were even given a table at the NYC Grill restaurant although it was due to close and enjoyed one of the best steak meals I've had in a long time in the UK... cooked perfectly (rare) just as I like it with wonderful wine to accompany. After our long working weekend it was a God send...As an Intercontinental Royal Ambassador I'm used to some special treatment and you know to be honest, at the Radisson and paying the rack advance rate I was treated better than IC Hotels ever have... well with exception of the executive lounge and suite upgrades but to look at London as a smaller area the IC London has became a snooty 'up themselves' hotel whose upgrade is a room with a garden view if you get lucky and that's made me think a bit. Why should I pay three times as much for IC Hotels with the upgrades when what I save at Radisson more than pays for the luxuries, the Radisson Blue group have come forward leaps and bounds...The business class room was exceptional and I didn't hear another soul, a view over the runway apron and a Nespresso machine with very comfortable bed and tasteful furnishings. Slept like a log that night and flew fresh at 7am back home after breakfast in bed. Anyone finding the staff indimidating here has a chip on their own shoulder to deal with...I can't recommend this hotel highly enough for location, amenity and appeal.	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent Rooms and Staff	I was very impressed overall with the hotel, which I only used for one night before catching an early flight. The hotel is very striking and imposing, you can not miss it. Only a five minute covered walk from the terminal building at Stansted Airport. Check-in was very prompt and clear, the reception staff were smart and very polite. My room was located on the first floor looking inwards on the atrium of the hotel which at its centre has the impressive wine tower from which acrobats climb up and down perfoming expressive art and retrieving bottles of wine. Rooms were a good size, and very light and airey. Lots of colour and light making it feel vibrant. An Ironing board, Iron, Hairdryer, Broadband DSL line, Bible, Safety deposit box, and fully stocked mini-bar are provided. Wireless is also available for free. the beds, which are the most important thing were very comfortable for me personally, with good linen. Outside the room was an ice machine and shoe shining machine. The hotel hosts a New York Grill bar, A Spanish Tapa's bar, along with food being available at the wine tower. There was also a candle-lit restaurant in another corner of the atrium. The atmosphere in the atrium wit all the different facilities around it made it feel like a modern sort of village A business centre with all facilities is available and for realxation there isa fitness centre with sauna an pool. I did not eat at the hotel due to the early flight the following day, but I would on the basis of this visit return again if I needed to stay in the area.	
Nov 13 2009	The welcome is most certainly not!	Mediocre welcome from receptionist, not a smile to be seen. Concierge one of the worst I have ever come across, not a friendly word to be had. Angel bar nice to see and angels were interesting to watch for a while. No atmosphere in the hotel whatsoever. Bedroom a decent size and comfy beds, but titchy lumpy pillows. Excellent choice at breakfast, although the bacon was totally cremated. Best thing about this place is the New York Grill, where the blonde waitress is most surly but everyone else, especially the maitre d', are great, and the food is excellent.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely lovely lovely...	Booked in advance so room price was good, excellent location for an early morning flight, comfy beds, clean bathroom, breakfast is very expensive but you can get a very good 'all day' cooked breakfast in the airport terminal for a very reasonable price.Would definitely use again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Does better than it says on the box	This was a one night stay before our holiday in Tallinn.Location could not be improved upon. Yes, the restaurant is expensive and so was the wine but the food was excellent.Had we done our homework before we would have found an Irish Bar in the airport complex that was before check, in that did good affordable food with real beer (for the blokes), Oh well we will know better next time. Although we really enjoyed the Raddison restaurant food (although costly).The rooms were spacious, the bed enormous and exceptionally comfortable.Another important point is that WiFi was totally free here, just put your room number and name into the log in details. A lot of the &quot;big boy&quot; hotels still charge for Wifi, which we all know costs them absolutely nothing. Well done Raddison for this one.We would, without any hesitation stay here again. Just do your homework on the food and drink situation first.	
Oct 24 2009 	Sleep here. Nothing else	This hotel is a few minutes WALK from the terminal building. You can't beat a location that close if you have an early morning flight. The rooms are quite nice and imaginatively designed.This hotel shares it's philosophy with most airport businesses: you are here because you have to be so we are going to screw you while we can. The food in the overpriced restaurant is passable, but it is dull. It actually makes eating at the airport itself the most attractive option. A 10% service charge is automatically added to you bill as a suggestion. I found this quite cheeky.The leisure centre closes very early on the weekend. It that is important to you, try somewhere else.	
Oct 14 2009	most stay here due to lack of options-thankfully its very nice	located outside the airport,HUGE building and signs- (so not sure how anyone cant find it;)very welcoming,bed and pillows very comfortable,really felt a great way to spend first night of hols.left before breakfast, considering they are only real close option to airport unless you have a car-they are thankfully decently priced and very satisfying.not one of these that take advantage of the fact. go for it	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hotel great location for early flights	I decided to stay at Radisson Stansted because I booked an early flight and I didn't want to stay in the airport at night (first morning connections from London didn't allow me to be at the airport on time for my flight).I made a reservation through the Radisson website and I got a special fare paying in advance.My room was spacious and furnished, I booked a room-smoking but it didn't stink and it was really clean.I had a king size bed, a huge wardrobe (there was also a small ironing board!), a spacious bureau. The bathroom was clean and comfortable, with a large tub (really different from London' standards).I hadn't breakfast because I left my room very early.The location is great, even if the hotel is not well pinpointed inside and outside the airport. I think Radisson's is the closest hotel to the airport. To be reccomended!	
Sep 27 2009 	Good hotel and excellently placed for Stansted!	We had a park and fly deal here for a week and it was great. The position of the hotel is fab for that - it really is only a few minutes walk to the terminal so can't be beaten for taking the pressure off being late!Our room was very nice, as you'd expect from a Radisson and the facilities were the same. The pool was small but adequate and clean, and there were several dinner options. That said, they came at a price (again, what you would expect) but we ate at Filini's and the pizza was lovely. The pasta I had though, was pretty awful, which considering the very inflated prices, was disappointing.If we can afford to pay the extra premium for convenience, then we would do it again, but there are other nearby hotels which are far cheaper. All in all, a good experience and we would like to repeat it, but it was not cheap so, whilst recommended, check the alternatives if cost is a factor!	
Sep 11 2009 	The most Awful Breakfast ever experienced at any Hotel Worldwide	This Hotel served up the worst breakfast and service we have ever experienced inour travels worldwide, bacon could not be eaten so tough, sausages burnt,eggs run out and not replaced, tomatoes burnt and the service, well there was none.Table after table left uncleared, finally I asked to see the Manager who managedto find a bar staff worker to come and help clean up the tables. I must say thepoor girl on the cashiers desk was trying to pitch in where she could but as for therest of the staff they should have been sacked.Now for check in - this was dismal service non english speaking person atcheck in desk, ended up with two single beds when booked king bed but as it was11pm too tired to complain. On our return to Hotel three days later had aking bed that seemed to be joined together with a lump most uncomfortablesleep ever. Such a pity this Hotel is run with poor management but seeing as itis the only Hotel close to Stansted Airport maybe they think they can get away with it.The steak Restaurant has terribly high prices in fact I noticed at least ten peoplelook at the menu and walk away complaining about the price, looked in andonly 2 people dining.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent rates good location great design	I staid 2 nights there, always at the excellent rate of GBP 85, and am greatly satisfied by the design of the rooms, quietness, location (a few steps from the airport under covered path) and everything you need. It is design, it is modern, has free internet, and staff is most helpful. Of course the restaurants and bars are very expensive, but there are plenty of eateries at the airport.	
Aug 19 2009 	Over-rated travel lodge accommodation	First of all, it's hardly signed, and resulted in me spending half an hour circling the airport looking for it.Then, they charge you ten pounds to park overnight.Rooms are nothing special - limited tv channels, shower over the bath, no biscuits/fruit.Then, they charge you extra for breakfast.I certainly expected better from the previous reviews	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Start to My Holiday	This superbly located hotel was a fantastic start to a really great weekend.The modern interior hits you as soon as you walk in with the tendy check-in desks. It also has ample seating areas, numerous restaurants and a fitness centre and swimming pool. However, the hotel is dominated by the huge, vertical wine tower that stands in the centre for everyone to see.The rooms were clean, tidy and spacious (everything you'd expect from a Radisson) and the large bed was extremely comfortable. The food was spot-on and the quality of service received on my stay was good.A great start to a great holiday!!	
Aug 5 2009 	We weren't supposed to be staying here...... but enjoyed it!	We were supposed to be staying at the Great Hallingbury Manor, but if you read my review for there, you will see they booked us in at the SAS instead.The good news was that the SAS were expecting us and when we explained the situation to the lady on the desk, she moved us to room 3030 which had views over the runway and airport! We would have been disappointed to have stayed on-site for the first time and not be able to see all the planes coming in! And the thing that really amazed us was how quiet it was - we never heard a sound of a plane the whole time we were there. We managed to get a car parking space for the night (the other hotel paid for this) but because so many people seemed to be struggling to find a space and parking anywhere, we decided not to go out into the surrounding area for tea as planned, but to stay in as we didnt want the hassle of having no where to park (btw, it is £10 a night for guests staying at the hotel). We ate at the Italian restaurant and we both found it very expensive - £12.50 and £14.50 for pizzas! They were nice enough but nothing special. They would have been better reducing the prices as we would have had 3 course then! The New York grill was just silly prices, with no vegetarian. We did have a drink at the bar, but only because the other hotel paid for it, as again, it was very expensive. Why not charge less and encourage more people to have a drink?We found the room to be very comfortable and the shower nice and powerful.We ordered our breakfast via room service, as we were leaving before the normal breakfast opened. It certainly wasn't worth the money (it would have been £34 + £3 tray charge for the two of us, but our other hotel paid again) and some of the order was missing (no hash browns) and the sausage wasn't a cumberland one as described. The juice was nice though. We couldn't grumble with it being free. There was a queue to check out so make sure you leave plenty of time.We would stay at a Radisson SAS again but only if we could get a good deal, as otherwise it is very expensuve and not worth the money.	
Jul 20 2009 	Unremarkable but wonderful location for early flights	We booked in for one night, partly as a reconnoitre for a trip in September when we really have to stay overnight at Stansted. This time it wasn't strictly necessary but we are so glad we did it! The hotel itself is impersonal and a bit like a 1960s vision of what we'd all be living like in the 1980s. Check-in was quick - no queue - and the room was spotless and had everything we needed for an overnight stay except good pillows and a reasonable quantity of tea-bags (only 2). I did notice that the shampoo and stuff in the bathroom seemed to be paraben-free, which is a plus. We ordered food when we arrived via room service - good grub which arrived promptly. We decided to have breakfast in our room as well, and it arrived on time, was well presented and our only complaint was that there was just too much of it! On check out (again no delay doing this) there was an item from the mini-bar which appeared on our bill and which we had not so much as touched, having spotted that the mini-bar was one of those automatically-charging ones; however, the item was removed straight away from our bill with absolutely no quibble.So an apparently unexciting, unremarkable hotel (didn't try the leisure facilities, which we've been told are great), which is clean and, in our experience, efficiently run and organised. However, the real joy of this place is that it is so close to the airport terminal (and yes, really no noise from aircraft as far as we were aware); it was such a treat to be able to get off the train and be in our hotel room in less than 10 minutes, and in the morning to be able to stroll in a couple of minutes into the terminal feeling well-fed and refreshed.	
Jul 18 2009 	Convenient location wildly overpriced	If you're needing to stay overnight at Stansted Airport, and don't mind seriously over-paying for the convenient location, you're definitely not going to find anything closer to the airport. If you have a choice in the matter, or you're paying for it with your own money, you can do so much better.The hotel is severely understaffed, so plan on 15 - 20 minutes to check in, and 10 - 15 minutes to receive your tea/coffee if you opt for the expensive buffet breakfast. The building has a single elevator bank and over 100 rooms per floor, so plan on a long, long trek to your room (and maybe you'll luck out and have only a 5 minute walk).. Should you be wanting ice in your room, think self-service, and be sure to pick it up on your way out of the elevator (and pray that it won't melt before you get to your room).You can't help but admire how the cuirrent management of this hotel is printing money when it fills the 500 small rooms at exaggerated rates ---- but be aware that it's painful if it's your own money.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great airport hotel	This is a fab hotel, perfectly situated for flights out of Stansted. Lovely rooms, great service. Enjoyed spending time in the pool area (towels and lockers provided free of charge), and we ate in the italian restaurant which was nice, albeit a bit over priced. Another big plus was that even though our room looked out onto the runway, we couldn't hear a thing from the planes. I highly recommend this place!	
Jul 6 2009 	Stylish and convenient	Nice hotel, stylish public areas and an interesting 3 storey wine tower in the centre of the atrium. Efficient service by friendly staff during both check in and check out. We enjoyed a meal at the Italian Filini restaurant which had good food and service. I thought it was on the expensive side but that’s often the case for a hotel restaurant. Our &quot;Ocean Style&quot; room was well-equipped and pleasantly decorated though let down by poor pillows and a rather plain and standard bathroom. However, for one night before an early flight, it was excellent value at under £100. I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again when you can walk to the terminal in minutes.	
Jul 4 2009 	The way a business hotel should be	You will find the hotel a short walk from the main terminal through a covered walkway. I timed the walk and it is exactly 4.5 minutes from the main terminal exit to the hotel entrance. An efficient check-in awaits, you can check in with a human or use a machine. The hotel is not too big so no long walks. In the centre of the hotel under a high ceiling there is a bar with a huge, computerised wine tower, and a restaurant. The rooms are Scandinavian-inspired with lots of wood, a very relaxing chair where you can just lean back and a funky backlit headboard in different colours. There is plenty of space to work, and the bathroom was great. Roomservice was efficient and the food very good, but the menu was not very exciting. Internet access was free, which was great, and the hotel itself was surprisingly quiet considering it is almost next to the airport.Did not try the breakfast but did notice they have both an ordinary sit.-down breakfast and a grab-and-go option for those in a hurry in the morning. Check-out was very fast and they even helped me print my boarding pass. Just the way a business hotel should be and very convenient for late arrivals or those budget-airline early morning flights.Tip: If you need parking use the parking at the hotel, not the main airport parking. You get a very low rate for the nights you are staying and then you can keep your car at their parking lot even though you are not staying there, for a slightly higher rate per night.	
Jul 2 2009 	Service not up to par rooms lovely	Stayed here for one night before an early flight. We arrived in a blizzard, crawling up the M11 at 35 miles an hour and were grateful to get to the hotel. Upon arrival, we found out that several flights from Stansted had been cancelled as airports across Germany had closed. There was a huge queue at reception as some cancelled flights had been booked into the Radisson - these were prioritised at the check in desk, leaving just one receptionist to book in everyone else so it took over 30 minutes to check-in which was not great after a long drive. Of the 4 restaurants in the hotel,only 2 were open and these were extremely busy so we went to the airport instead. Stansted was packed with bodies sleeping everywhere due to the cancellations - we felt sorry for them and were glad to get back to our room. The room was lovely, we had one of the ocean style ones with coloured lights in the bedhead and a comfy chair.As we hadn't had much sleep, we got up later than planned as the airport is next door we though we wouldn't need much time. We were then confronted with another huge queue to check out with again only one staff member. the concierge was nowhere to be seen so I could not hand over my car keys for the parking deal we had booked - luckily the receptionist agreed to take them. We raced to the airport and were lucky not to miss our flight with all the holdups. The next day, however I was shocked to realise that I had been charged by the Radisson for my stay as the email I had received upon booking through the hotel website expressly stated that payment would be taken at the time of booking. Whilst I appreciate that I should have noticed this had not happened, I was very disappointed as it took a large chunk out of my holiday spending money which we really missed. I would urge others to check this carefully if booking direct.Upon arrival at our destination, we realised that I had left my purse behind so I called the Radisson and it was located and placed into the hotel safe for me with no problems.I think some of the problems we encountered were due to the adverse weather - I don't know if the lack of staff might have happened because some couldn't get into work - but it did not make a good start to our holiday. We also flew on Friday 13th so perhaps that was an additional factor!	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent hotel for business users of Stansted airport	The Radisson is an excellent option for late arrivals / early departures of Stansted airport (London area). It's a new hotel with good quality and is indeed at a walking distance from the airport terminal. Stayed there a few times already, either because of late arrivals or very early departures and it's very convenient. There's a good steak-house restaurante inside and the bar is very interesting.	
Jun 16 2009 	The best airport hotel I've stayed in for quite some time!	This hotel had been reccommended to me on numerous ocassions by friends and colleagues. I've stayed in many an airport hotel in my time and just felt I had to review it as I was so impressed. What I love about the hotel is just that they seem to have put a lot of thought into every aspect of their guests needs and comforts.The plus points, I loved the view, plane anorack me, a nice runway view is perfect! and no noise either - how do you manage that? I was impressed with the furnishings, in particular chaise longue and very calming lighting, and underfloor heating in the bathroom is also a good thing in my book. The bar is fantastic and has a great atmosphere but I also love the selection of restaurants and had a fabulous meal in the Italian restaurant (if a little shy with those juicy scallops on my saffron risotto, one more next time please, I don't mind paying for it and that Tiramisu is divine!) I just loved the fact that I had a very comfortable stay, a very relaxed evening with friends and I woke up before my flight feeling very refreshed and content.I have to say there a couple of areas where slight improvements could be made, I like a slightly softer bed and linen but you can't please everyone, and my other two comments as follows I daresay would have been rectified had I have been bothered to report them but I was far too relaxed! but firstly, we didn't recieve all of the television channels that were advertised, and secondly, the supplies of tea and coffee etc were a bit thin on the ground, and no biscuits? even the Best Western can manage a Shortbread Finger!One more point, I had intended on booking the spa with my friends before my trip only to find it closed at the same time we all arrived (18:00 on a saturday!!) it would have been nice if we could have fit in a couple of treatments before dinner.	
Jun 10 2009 	Over-rated	The only reason for staying at this hotel was its convenience. I arrived rather late in the evening and since shuttles to other close-by hotels are non-existent or unreliable, this was the best solution since you can reach it easily by foot. Breakfast is NOT included, though there is a breakfast buffet for more than $25.00 which is equivalent to an average breakfast offering at most hotels on the continent regardless of rating.There was no noise from the planes, though there was noise from the hallway.Their Info channel would have you believe that they place emphasis on design and decor, but anyone with minimal taste would not want to know who their decorators were.	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel for early morning flights - impeccable service	We have stayed on several occassions and every time the service was great. The rooms are clean and not too cramped. We have a toddler and the staff were very accommodating. The restaurants are good quality food, maybe a bit pricey, but it the radisson! The walkway to the airport is fabulous (2 minutes at the most) especially when you return, no waiting for buses. Also, the swiiming pool is a great distraction for kiddies as well as the wine tower, where there is a lady on a pulley fetching the wines!	
Apr 27 2009 	Perfect Airport Hotel	The Radisson SAS Hotel at London Stansted Airport, has to be one if not the best Airport hotel i have stayed in in a while.I wasn't expecting much as some airport hotels are quite standard.This is completely the opposite, On arrive we were upgraded to a Deluxe King size room, as for a view you don't really get one but hey your a 5 minute walk to Stansted airport who cares. The rooms are bright and spacious, The bathroom had a shower and a bath tub, There was high speed internet available free for the first 15 minutes which was unusual. The TV was small but had a variety of channels.We dined in one of the 4 restaurants in the hotel. The 4 were Angels wine tower bar, Filini (pasta's etc), Ta Paell'ya (spanish) and the one we tried which was the New York Grill and Bar. It offer as you would expect traditional NYC dining, My advice have the steak, To this very day it's the nicest steak i've EVER had. The prices are very reasonable to.For Breakfast as we had to catch an early flight out of Stansted to Florence they advised us to fill out the hanger on our door that had the breakfast menu on the back, as we paid for breakfast in the rate i got off expedia, (inform them as you check in) they told us we should have to pay but as we let them know, We had breakfast delivered at no extra cost to our room at 4am.Downstairs if your flight does leave early they also lay on a few pastries, Tea and Coffee for early flyers.Overall the best Airport Hotel You could stay in.Will be returning Very Soon	
Nov 9 2009 	Tellement anglais et si pratique !!		
Oct 31 2009 	Albergo eccellente		
Oct 12 2009 	Sempre ottimo ma la ventilazione!!		
Jul 27 2009 	gutes Hotel		
Apr 2 2009 	a 2 passi dall' aereoporto		
Mar 6 2009	Vale la pena per la colazione		
Feb 14 2009 	Comodo pulito efficace... ma un po' impersonale		
