Nov 20 2009 	Very good for the price	Do not expect a room of 50 to look like one of 100. It is very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bath room small but clean. Quite sufficient for a short stay. The breakfast is good. No phone in the room.Problem is that there is no sufficient light to read a book in the bed. Also, I stayed in the lower floor (room 35). It was very noisy. Every one opening the door to the stairways, caused the walls to shudder. I was lucky to go to sleep late. Otherwise evry one moving around would have waken me up.The location is great. Very good for the price. Do not expect a large room with all the facilities of an expensive hotel.I was looking for a place to sleep at night and have a shower at the end of the day, all for a reasonable price. I got what I wanted.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very acceptable budget option	I stayed here for three nights, visiting family in London. I was a single traveller but was allocated a double room (I think most solo travellers at this hotel get a double). My room was in the basement with a view of a tiny quadrangle but was quiet (no traffic noise) and I wasn't there to admire the view. The room was a reasonable size for one person, my bed was comfortable and the bed linen was clean. The shower - when it worked (no hot water on my 2nd morning) - was ok and there was a t.v. that worked in the room (but no remote control to access ceefax). The cooked breakfast was adequate without being generous but everything was hot and there was proper HP sauce on the table....a real bonus. Somewhat quirkily, however, the tea pot had real tea in it but no strainer to filter the leaves; very odd, but I've had worse breakfasts at much dearer hotels. All in all this is a good budget option but clearly not the place for a romantic weekend. I would stay here again if I was on my own. Finally, this would be a good overnighter if someone was catching an early morning Eurostar as St Pancras is visible from the front of the hotel. The front desk staff are friendly and helpful too.	
Oct 26 2009	Very Shabby	Lobby of hotel extremely nice,marble floor and lovely decoration. Room was a different story, door of bathroom was smashed in from one side, handle fell off wardrobe door when opened. At night noise was horrendous,slamming of doors till 3 oclock in morningShower noise was also ridiculously loud sounded like water pipes would burst any minute. Suffice to say we got about 2 hours sleep all night.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good price/value ration	Before our honeymoon in Dominican republic we decided to spend 4 night in London andmy wife booked this particular hotel.Although we didn't fit into our original budget and we paid 60 pounds per night and double bed room, we appreciate our choice becuase:Location 5/5 - Location of the hotel is in silent corner just some 150 m away from Kings Cross Tube station, which makes it both flexible for traveling and comfortable for restMeal 4/5 - we had only Breakfast and because we both love english breakfast we were extremly happy, well done bacon, sousage, beans and toast served with both coffee and tea served us well as starter for busy day.If you do not like english breakfast you have to suffer from cereals Room - very small, with shover, fitted well to our basic needs, it was cleaned once per dayThere is no lift in this hotel.Corridors are very small.	
Oct 23 2009 	Quiet street (amazingly) great location for transport	I booked into this hotel Oct 17 to 22/09 and paid 49 pounds per night (when I booked, the pound was about $1.73Can, so I was pleased to pay less than $100/nt). Surprised at great location to King's Cross Station, and St, Pancras International Station for train trip to and from Gatwick Airport. One block in from Euston Rd, which is a busy street, yet the room was quiet in the evenings and mornings, even with my window open onto the front street - with a small park across the road. My room was (small) intimate, with an even smaller bathroom (had shower and sink and toilet), but how much time will you spend in the room? Room was tidy and the bed sheets were clean, all I really ask for in a room. Breakfast was available with the room, and breakfast room was located in the basement. I booked this hotel based on ratings of other TripAdisor comments, with the only neg comments being about the breakfast room staff (two young women). This is also my only complaint about the place. The two staffers couldn't crack a smile or &quot;good morning&quot; greeting for anyone who walked into the room. They were efficiant - got the toast and tea onto the tables quickly, but some of those toast baskets hit the tables awfully fast, if you know what I mean. I asked the day manager (?) if she had ever read the TripAdvisor comments about the breakfast staff, and her response was that this was one of the few hotels that offered breakfast with the room, so the implication was that we should be thankful and accept whatever moodiness the staff may have. oh well.I would recommend this hotel for its location, cleanliness, super great location to the tube station, the charm of the area, the surprising quiet of the street, and even the bed was comfy. And, hey, you're in London!!!!	
Oct 18 2009 	In London - value for money anywhere else - poor.	We stayed there in October for a weekend in London. As we did not want to spend plenty on accomodation this hotel was fine. The standard was ok for London as I guess you tend to pay much more for a decent room there. Location was brilliant, rooms were clean, reception desk helpful. Breakfast was nothing special (but it was free...), on the second morning no hot water.If you prefer to spend money on other things than amazing hotel, then I recommend this place. Would come back if in London again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location excellent value for money	I stayed for one night after a trip to the theatre - the hotel was only a stone's throw from Kings Cross, so excellently placed for tube connections to the West End. Despite this, the hotel is set back in a quiet residential-type square and there was hardly any noise from the street (and I had a room at the front too).I had booked a single room and was pleasantly surprised to find it contained a very comfortable Queen-size bed. The ensuite consisted of a wetroom style shower with a loo and a sink at either end. No tea/coffee-making facilities, but I wouldn't have used them anyway. The lobby was very smartly decorated and modern, the room a little bit more worn, but still perfectly acceptable for the price I paid (£49 for bed and breakfast). The downstairs dining room was clean and bright, breakfast was tasty and served very promptly (egg, sausage, bacon, beans and toast together with tea/coffee and orange juice).The only downside was the lack of a lift, though the receptionist did offer to help carry my bag up the three flights of stairs.	
Sep 21 2009 	Comfortable and Convenient	We stayed for 2 nights as a theatre weekend trip. Had 4 rooms between us all and all 4 rooms were comfortable. Granted, they are small BUT the price warrants that. We found all staff friendly and accomodating. The location is superb for getting around the City.All in all we had a great weekend and The Howard Winchester suited our needs.	
Aug 13 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights / 4 days for teenage childrens 1st sight seeing trip to London. The room (double + 2 twin beds) was good enough for what was required and was clean and tidy. The staff were all very good but the guy on reception was excellent, always cheerful and very helpful. The hotel made an excellent base being so close to the train &amp; tube stations and there is an excellent friendly pub (Mc Glynns) that does very good reasonably priced food only 3 minutes walk from the hotel. The only negative was noisy guests in another room on one of the nights, but I have experienced this in many other hotels. We all had a very enjoyable stay and would recommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Jul 30 2009 	OK Stay	Hotel very easy to locate from St Pancreas. our room was ok with a clean bed. television and shower good breakfast included in price of £60 per night for myself and my husband. only stayed the one night as it was booked late due to a change of train times.	
Jul 18 2009 	You get what you pay for	We arrived late on a Friday to a warm welcome from the man behind the desk. We picked this hotel as we had an early train from St Pancras and wanted to be as near as possible. It was easy to find and was a 2 minute walk from St Pancras. We stayed in room number 1 which had a double and a single bed, telly, wardrobe and adjoining bathroom. The room was very basic. The shower was the main let down in that it just had no power.Cheap hotel, it met our needs and is in a great location if getting the Eurostar. If you're arriving late at night and leaving early in the morning then I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2009	Small room	Booked a twin - this room was so small there wasn't anyplace to put our suitcases. Sink was in the room with us. Breakfast was marginal. Kitchen help not attentive - after waiting for 10 min. had to go into the kitchen to get some service, and found the help chatting with friends who were visiting (and quickly made an exit once I entered). The owner/ are very pleasant and helpful.	
Jun 28 2009 	Small cheap and quiet	Stayed there for the British F1 GrandPrix at Silverstone. Chose this hotel based on low rate (including breakfast) and proximity to train stations.The hotel is conveniently located in a quiet square just meters away from Kings Cross and St.Pancras, Euston station is 15 minutes walk. Tube and bus stops are near and there are lots of restaurants and shops in the area.The single room is very small, barely enough to fit a bed (and a good one!), a nightstand and a cabinet. The washbasin is in the room, toilet and shower are behind the glass door. There’s even a small TV. Everything was in good working order if a little outdated.Walls are not soundproof and while you won’t hear much street noise, noisy neighbors could be a problem. Be aware that there’s no lift and the stairs are quite steep.English breakfast was good and served early, even on weekend, reception staff very helpful. Had no problems at all, this hotel is very good value for the money.There’s no internet access in the hotel, but St.Pancras station 100 meters away offer free Wi-Fi.	
Apr 8 2009 	Fantastic Price 	Booked this Hotel online purly for its location and price, was pleasantly suprised at its closeness to Kings Cross Station and the Tube. Entertered Reception, which was very clean and welcoming with friendly staff, the room was also very clean only spoilt by the fact that it was on the top floor and there was no lift and also there was tea or coffee making facilities in the room (will make sure we take our travel kettle next time we stay there). Breakfast was included in the price, which was a English Breakfast and quite tasty and adequate to start the day. Will deffinately use this Hotel again for future stays in London.	
Feb 6 2009 	Perfect budget hotel	I stayed at the Howard Winchester having been snowed in at work. I booked online, and have to say I did so with a certain amount of trepidation since room was so inexpensive. I am pleased, however, to be able to report that I was pleasantly surprised!The location itself is extremely convenient, just steps away from Kings Cross station. I arrived a little before midnight, just as anothe family were checking in. I therefore had a few minutes to warm myself by the fire and watch the large flat screen tv whilst waiting for my turn. Upon being given the key I was directed to my room which was through a door and down a small and narrow staircase. I have to say, at the door from reception is where he luxury stops, and from there on the facilities are basic to say the least. The room itself was tiny! two single beds and an en suite bathroom - so small it had a sliding door which when opened leads pretty much straight into the shower. A toilet is tucked around the side of the shower with a corner sink in front. That's it! Having said that, for its bijou size, it was perfectly clean and modern and appeared quite freshly decorated.The bed was very comfortable and the bed linen fresh and crisp. there is a small wardrobe with a somewhat dated TV (no cable). The room was double glazed so no outside traffic noise, although the corridors were quite noisy and I had the misfortune to be next to the loudest German family who seemed to spend the night wandering around making racket.and banging doors. Breakfast in the morning was functional but fine. There was no menu, I was asked if I wanted full English, and that's what I got! It was very nice, well cooked and plentiful.The purpose of my stay was to put my head down somewhere clean and comfortable for the night and for £40 I got exactly that. I am not sure I would have enjoyed my stay if I had had to spend any time in the room itself as it was too small to do anything but sleep really, but that suited me fine so I was perfectly happy with my choice and felt it represented excellent value for money.	
Jan 22 2009 	As tiny as a prison cell	The room was so tiny that it reminded me a prison cell. There was no place for my laguagge (one suitcase and one trolley) so I had to move them around whenever I wanted to go to the bathroom or out of the room. It was even difficult to enter the bathroom - and I'm only 1.70meter and 71kg. The tv was on top of the closet - just try to lay down and watch it and you'll end with a pain in your neck.Breakfest was very basic. As I keep Kosher I asked for a boiled egg instead of egg and bacon but was turned down.The location is good, just 2 minutes walk from King's Cross. It was excellent for me, as I arrived from Luton and the train goes to King's Cross. The reception desk was friendly. The room and other facilities were clean.Some of you might say: that's what you get for 50 Pounds a night. Maybe, but I don't think that being able to move around in the room is too much to ask for.	
Dec 15 2008 	Howard Winchester Hotel	Room was very basic with twin beds, wardrobe, portable tv and ensuite shower room. The décor was somewhat lacking, window cracked, toilet seat hanging off and central heating on full. Beds were quite soft, so I had a twinge of back ache in the morning. TV reception wasn’t very good, and the shower room is really basic (you’ll need your own shampoo).The breakfast was ok, but was small portions. One bacon, one sausage, one egg and toast. Tea was made with neat tea leaves and no sieve. Lady serving was eastern European, so she couldn’t understand what we were asking for.However, in saying that, you pay for what you get.The Hotel is 3mins from Kings Cross / St Pancras. The Hotel staff were kind and receptive, and kindly looked after our bags after we’d checked out. The room was fairly quiet on a night. It’s an ideal place if you’re looking for a hotel near Kings Cross that is cheap, and if decor doesn't bother you.We paid £60 for two people to stay on a Saturday night. Although my experience wasn’t that bad, I would definitely stop in the Kings Cross Travel Lodge next time. You don’t spend that much time in your room, but it’s still nice to have somewhere you feel more comfortable.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Value For Money	-Great value for money hotel- friendly staff- 2 minutes walk from Kings Crossi would stay here again when on weekend breaks in London, the hotel is not the Ritz but clean and comfortable and great value for money and in a good location for underground and eurostar train lines	
Sep 30 2008 	This bed is better than my bed	When you are out side the hotel its looks amazing and i love the work they have done in the reception, The Couple are lovely people and welcoming and always ready to help you. I booked a single room for only £50 and i recieved a double bed, which was amazing, i never slept so well for so many months like that. the room is standard but very warm and very cosy. the breakfast looked small, but after a english, toast and tea, a big fellar like my self was full for some reason and im still full 2 hours later.Overall i would say any one who is looking to say up near kings cross station and underground, stay at this hotel, its only a minute away and you will sleep like a baby.	
Sep 28 2008 	Cheap but clean 	This is a no frills budget hotel but ideal for an overnight stay en route via Kings Cross or Eurostar. It was clean, had a comfortable bed and there was no noise disturbance. The gentleman on the desk took my case up to the room. When I woke I went down to an english breakfast served very quickly and included in the price. All the staff were friendly and helpful. I consider it good value for money especially convenient when all you are wanting is a stopover en route	
Sep 23 2008 	Worst hotel stay ever !	We booked one night at the Howard Winchester as an overnight stop as we were getting in from Eurostar late and didn't want to travel back to Portsmouth on the same night as we had a little one. We'd booked it as it was close to St Pancras so we wouldn't have far to travel once we'd got off the train. The website looked ok and the photo's looked ok. We got to the hotel at 11pm at night with 3 suitcases and a very tired little girl who was all Disney'd out. The man behind the desk didn't even stop taking his personal call, he just passed the key to us and told us to go through a door. Didn't tell us where to go once we were through the door so I left my mum and very tired daughter and went wandering, the man behind the desk didn't want to help at all. I discovered we had to lug these bags down a few steps and then a flight of stairs to get to our room. Once we got to our room there were 3 single beds with about 6 inches between them a wet room and a TV. The lock on the door was dodgy so I hardly slept all night wondering if someone was going to break in. All the fire doors were wedged open with the fire extingishers which apart from being against the law made me even more uneasy that if the hotel did catch fire we were right at the bottom and our only means of escape were through the bedroom window in to a tiny courtyard. Breakfast in the morning was edible but nothing to write home about, the breakfast room is tiny and the tables are so close together you have trouble squeezing past without knocking someone's got tea all over them or you ! As there weren't any tables for 3 available the waitress stroppily said &quot;well sit apart then&quot; on the basis my daughter is 7 I am not about to make her sit on her own for breakfast. I asked if there was any juice as my daughter doesn't drink tea or coffee and got shouted at &quot;I am busy just wait&quot;. The whole experience from start to finish was a total disaster. Had I not been so tired from a long and delayed journey home from France and it not been 11pm at night I'd have walked around the square to look for another hotel, but we were just to tired and my little girl needed to get some sleep. I will never stay in this hotel again and I wouldn't recommend anyone else does either, the hotel is in Argyle Square and it is filled with other hotels, so if it's that area you want look for something else. We also stayed at the Travel Lodge London Kings Cross Royal Scot which isn't far and that is much better so if you want something in that area then go for them rather than this hell hole !!	
Aug 22 2008	Exvellent location	Stayed here night before we were to travel on Eurostar, to save us worrying about getting to London on time. This hotel has recently hada makeover and it shows light and airy entrance but we were down in the basement. No lift so had to lug our cases down several flights of stairs. Room was newly decorated but was dark although could open the window. Bathroom was a wet room. Breakfast starts at 7am but we were told we could be served at 6.30. Staff serving had poor grasp of English, took many repeats to explain what we wanted to eat and drink. Hotel is just across the road from Eurostar so very handy. Nearby are good eating restaurants. Paid £60 for the twin room en suite.	
Jun 29 2008 	The Howard Winchester	On visiting the web, the name of the Howard Winchester Hotel came up with a very acceptable sounding description and fairly reasonably priced. The latter is very important for South Africans, with an ever dwindling exchange rate. On enquiry, we were assured they had accommodation available and we then investigated further and found some quite complimentary comments from guests.Well - the reality is completely divorced from the description and commedations available on the internet. We arrived at the hotel, on 13th June, having telephoned confirmation previously, and were greeted by a bolted Reception door with a hand written sign saying use the next door. We rang the bell and after a while, the door was opened. My own first thought on entering the dingy interior was that the carpets and walls had not seen benefit of cleaning for a good 10 years or more. The carpet was filthy and the walls were marked with stains and very dirty. On the left hand side, there was a door into what is presumably the normal reception area, and there was a person sitting behind a desk. Immediately in front of the desk, the carpet had been removed, and there was a large piece of what looked like flattened corrugated iron - quite obviously covering a hole or holes in the floorboards. On the far side of the tin, were some bare floorboards.The receptionist very reluctantly got to his feet, and with some ill will assisted us to take our suitcases down to what can only be described as a basement. I had already told him by this time that I was not happy with the appearance of the hotel, information which did not seem to bother him at all. We had asked for a family room, as it was cheaper for us than a double and a single, but what greeted our astonished eyes was hardly a family room. It looked just like a very basic hostel type of room, three iron bedsteads, paper thin mattresses (and doubtless blankets too, though we did not stay long enough to test that theory), one pillow per bed and the &quot;en suite&quot; was ridiculous. There was an opening from the bedroom into a quarry tiled area which had a handbasin to the left, and to the right a w.c. and, behind a very dirty plastic curtain, a shower which absolutely reeked. There was no door for any of these offices.There was a minute courtyard - overgrown and full of rubbish - outside the window, but no curtains or blinds to speak of, and another room about 2 yards away, which looked directly into our room. We were all stunned with disbelief at the appalling conditions and the final straw was a small black insect-like creature actually crawling over one of the bedspreads. We wasted no further time, but got our suitcases up the stairs and out into the square as fast as possible. I told the receptionist as we passed that we could not stay there, and he did not appear at all surprised or concerned.I then phoned my son who fortunately for us, lives in London, and he very kindly got us into a very nice hotel in Wimbledon.I am fully aware that we chose to go for a cheaper hotel, in the interests of economy, but I wanted to bring this matter to your attention because I am sure we are not the only people to have had such a shattering experience. The booking agent for the hotel confirmed that the description and copies of visitor comments are passed to them by the hotels themselves so they are, presumably acting in good faith, or else is in cahoots with these hotels. I know that it is very difficult to police the internet but I think it would be advantageous if an anonymous inspector could be sent to visit hotels such as the Howard Winchester, and can then take up the misinformation with the people concerned. It makes one most reluctant to take anything at face value on the internet when one has that sort of experience, and in my own opinion, the Howard Winchester is a health hazard of note. Not even in South Africa, which no longer pretends to be first world, have I actually encountered livestock crawling on the beds!I am sending a copy of this letter to the booking agents and to the Department of Health and Safety.I look forward to your comments.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fine Budget Hotel	The Howard Winchester was inexpensive (by London standards, anyway) and my girlfriend and I were a little apprehensive, but we were traveling on a budget. Some people may find the area a little noisy, but it's hard for me to judge as I live in Los Angeles on a significant road. The Howard Winchester is in a dense area, but rather than being right off a major street, the hotel is setback on a side street surrounded by other hotels and tenements, so noise was not an issue for us.The BadOur room was quite small (as are the hallways, stairs and the hotel in general), and they were doing some work on the hotel at the time, which was a touch inconvenient. You're not going to get a room with a view in this neighborhood, though you probably wouldn't want one. I suppose it can be a sketchy part of town, but it's always bustling being located so close to King's Cross / St. Pancras. That said, we didn't have or notice any trouble. The GoodThey did keep most of the renovation to the middle of the day when we weren't around, so noise wasn't really an issue, and it really wasn't that much of a bother. My girlfriend and I found the bed comfortable (firm bed, soft pillows) so we slept well. The staff was kind, helpful and accommodating. The hotel is located about a minute or so from King's Cross / St. Pancras station, which is mighty nice after a long day of walking. The price was slightly lower than most other hotels in the area, though we did spend a few pounds more, hoping for something better than a hole in the wall. Breakfast was adequate...not great by any means, but certainly not bad. They were vegetarian friendly, which satisfied me.Most importantly, the room was very clean and the bathrooms, though simple, were actually quite nice. Overall, you do get what you pay for, and it's fairly reasonable for a London Hotel near a major transit hub. If you're looking for a &quot;hotel experience&quot; then I'd recommend you try elsewhere, but if you just need a place park your bags, shower and sleep, then I'd recommend the Howard Winchester as a clean, safe and conveniently located (if pricier) alternative to a hostel. You'll likely be more comfortable if you are on an extended stay.	
Jun 19 2008 	What do you expect for £50?!	Ok - this isn't the Ritz but for £50 a night for a single en-suite room which is clean and very well positioned for St. Pancras, I can't complain at all! The &quot;above average&quot; rating I've given the hotel is within my expectations of what I would expect to get for £50 in London: the staff were very nice, friendly and helpful, the bed was comfortable, the room was clean as was the en-suite.The only &quot;negative&quot; points were that the walls are thin, so you can hear people in the next room. We chose this hotel because it was so close to St. Pancras station and we had to up early for our 5.30am train. If came here again, I would ask for a top floor room (at least then you wouldn't get anyone walking about above you!) Give it a go - especially by now the refurbishment programme should have been completed!	
Jun 14 2008 	What nice staff !	I arrived late at night and got a warm welcome. The hotel is yards from Kings Cross so was ideal for my late train. The rooms are basic yes, but compact and clean. A very comfy bed as well. Little bathroom was manageable and the shower was a bit &quot; drippy &quot; but warm. Breakfast is in the clean and comfy basment with lovely staff to serve you. Nice cuppa and a cooked breakfast - cooked however you request. The hotel is undergoing alterations and being updated so there were workmen about and a sleep in is not possible at the moment. The staff were friendly and approachable and this little hotel is worth a visit. I like the fact that it overlooks the little square and park.	
May 30 2008 	Very little sleep hated it!	I needed a budget hotel for a travel conference I was attending. I had read other reviews on here but thought all I need was somewhere to rest my head and get some sleep for 2 nights so thought it would be fine. I was certainly not expecting anything more than 2 star service however nor did I expect to be woken up at 8am each morning by the workmen demolishing the existing reception area!!!We were on the first floor, up and along one from the main entrance (reception)where the work was going on. First night wasn't too bad and I slept alright until the 8am wake up call, hammers, crashing, banging! Nice!The next morning we didn't have to be up so early and were looking forward to sleeping in until 9. (not unreasonable an expectation in my mind)We could hear the guests above us until after 1am (floors are very thin, can hear all movement above you and if I stood in the bathroom I could hear word for word the conversation in the room above us) and then woken up AGAIN by workmen at 8am. I feel we should have been advised this work would be going on, but no mention of it when I booked with the hotel or checked in. I booked direct.Window didn't fully fit the frame so there was about a 1inch gap at the top of it. Shower head needed a clean years ago, it was filthy, the worst I've seen anywhere. The bathroom was basic but had all you need. The room too was basic but again had all we needed for 2 nights and was quite clean. I would not recommend the hotel and would not be staying there again. There are plenty same price range hotels in that area. I do have to say for Kings Cross Stn it's location was ideal, but that and the £60 night rate was all it really had going for it.All I wanted was a decent nights sleep and was most unhappy at being woken up through the night by movement above us and then again first thing in the morning by hotel employed workmen. Long days in London coupled with little sleep does not make for a great visit.We didn't stay for Breakfast either morning so can't comment on that.Stay there if you have to but check what work they've got going on as when I went to reception at 8.15 am approx to complain about the noise they didn't really see what my issue was! I was told my room was not directly above it but given the front doors were wide open (noise coming in the 1inch gap in the window) and the walls are so thin I can assure it sounded as though the hotel itself was being demolished underneath us.	
May 7 2008	Superb Location Great Price Happy Days!!	Four of us stayed in a family room which cost only £90 for the night and included a cooked breakfast in the morning!!The location is superb, a stone's throw away from kings cross station, so very handy for the tube. Please don't be put off by any negative comments if your looking for a cheap, well located hotel for a couple of nights. Ok so it's not the ritz but the beds are clean, the staff are helpful, and a cooked breakfast in the morning certainly sorted my hangover out!!Would go again!!	
Mar 24 2008 	Wish I had known about Trip Advisor	The old adage you only get what you pay for in this life surely applies to this establishment because you cannot expect much for £60.00 per night for a double room so I suppose you are not exactly getting robbedOur Room was small but clean with all amenties just working A bit noisy particularly with he walls being so thin that we could hear another of residents coughing most of the night The steep stairs were also a bit off putting particularly for us two over 60s as we had to struggle up with two casesLooked as if the Hotel was undergoing a major spruce up and although this will improve the general appearance iit wont make any difference to the overall cramped conditionssReception Staff were very friendly both on Arrival and Departure Didi not wait around long enough to try the breakfast as did not fancy another steep decent down into the Cellar Dining room and opted for a full english courtesy of the Duke of York in Kings Cross (Which was overpriced and left a lot to be desired))All in all a very basic hotel whos only plus point is its location as itrs within very easy walking distance of both Kings Cross and St Pancras Interntaional	
Feb 11 2008	Loved it this time - has it changed hands??	Have to admit to some trepidation upon finding that my friend had booked us a room here, given my previous review - but my fears were groundless! We were given a lovely, comfy room which was spotlessly clean, and we slept really well despite being right at the front of the hotel in a pavement-level room. Excellent breakfast, very friendly service all the way..the only niggle was that they still don't have coffee/tea making facilities, but for the price we paid I honestly can't complain - we just got out bedtime cuppa from the McDonalds on the corner. Have already recommended, and would gladly stay there again.	
Jan 25 2008	Excellent value and good breakfast	We had one double and one single booked; in fact we were allocated two doubles. We arrived exhausted and drenched (a torrential downpour coincided with getting to London Marylebone).The man on the reception desk was charming and chatty, and the reception area was spotless and nicely decorated with good use of marble and mirrors, in a retro (original décor, it turned out) way. The exterior is pleasant, and fairly similar to the other budget hotels on the square. I imagine that those booking this hotel do so because of the excellent location and cheapness of the rooms. One doesn't book a hotel of this sort for its luxury or amenities.The rooms were on the 2nd floor, and there was no lift. The stairs was narrow and steep, but not unmanageable, even for the older member of our party (in her 70s). The rooms are tiny. We faced the square which was nice; we wondered about noise from outside but heard none (although two of our party were woken by loud laughter from late-returning hotel guests during the night). Rooms were immaculately clean (better than some far more expensive hotels I've been in), as were the tiny 'en suites'. In effect, these were lo-tech wet rooms with a shower area at one end, cloaks size sink in the middle, and WC at other end. Lots of hot water. Very small towels. But very clean linen throughout. We did not linger in the rooms, naturally, as we were only there over night en route to the continent via Eurostar the next a.m.The beds were very comfortable, and one of our party has back problems, so that's a good recommendation. Two of our party had the full English breakfast before we left the next day. This was included in the price. It was of a much higher standard than we had expected, with quite nice sausages, and good mushrooms in particular. Bacon not terribly crisp. I had 'continental' - fairly basic - toast (lots of it provided, but fairly characterless), marmalade, juice (fine), coffee (ok) and weetabix (the only vaguely healthy option). The waiting staff were highly efficient (waitress service rather than buffet breakfast) and the woman on the desk when we checked out was, it turned out, part of the family who owned the hotel.The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Euston (basically, one crosses Euston Rd) so absolutely ideal for Eurostar use, and we definitely plan to stay there again when next on a flying visit to London.	
Oct 16 2007 	Kudos from an Ant....	LOVE, love, love the HW! Ok, so its not the Ritz, but I've never had a bad time here. Have stayed here every year for the last 4 years when I make my annual trip. The staff is mostly nice, and willing to help out any way they can. Housekeeping can be a bit dodgy on occasion, but most of them are really friendly. But they treat us like family when we all descend. Tom and his wife are dreams to deal with, and they put up with us. Since they updated the rooms and beds, its far more comfortable than it used to be. Can't complain about the noise or anything, cos me and my friends are usually the ones making noise. Centrally located, very near Kings Cross. Love you guys! hehehe Might be best to avoid the first weekend of November if you don't like noise from your neighboring rooms. My only complaint is lack of outlets. Most of the rooms only have one outlet, so you can either watch tv, or plug something else in. New windows, or better insulation anyway, makes traffic noises almost non-existant. However, a particularly loud rendition of songs will make it into the rooms.	
May 16 2007 	Fine for the Money	I now use this as a base when working in central London. After reading the reviews, I was a bit dubious about it, but a couple of colleagues had stayed here a few times and said it was OK. It's one of many budget hotels around Kings Cross and at £40 a night it's perfectly decent. It's not at all flash, in fact it's very basic and worn looking, but the rooms are clean, the staff are friendly and helpful and you get a basic cooked breakfast from 6.45am. The showers can be a bit wonky, but they work, and some are even quite spacious, although they're open plan with the toilet. There's plenty of cupboard space and small TVs with 4 and a half channels. The guests I've seen are mostly early-breakfasting workers with an eye for a good deal, but there are tourists as well. I rate this as much better value than the Easyhotel I stayed in, so if you're not fussed about location, you'll get a good deal here if you're careful with your money.	
Apr 1 2007 	okish	it was a budget ok so i wasent expecting anything great, you pay for what you get, the room was quite small, but clean, nice clean beds an towels an bathroom was spotless, but the shower head was a bit mad an leaked everywhere out of shower, bit dissapointed that no tea makin facilities, and two lights missin, room was very noisy could hear next doors havin showers etc.quite noisey at nite as was overlookin square, and late nighters coming in. breakfast was ok, but breakfast tables too cramped up to close to everyone else felt a bit embarrased eatin to close to strangers. , and hope one day they get new carpet on stairs and paint the walls...but its ok as a base if you dont spend a lot of time but sleep in there...	
Jul 2 2006	Good Buget Hotel	Stayed at the Howard Winchester whilst on a trip to watch tennis at Wimbledon with my daughter.The hotel is exactly what it says it is, a buget hotel, and is the same as many more cheap hotel/bed and breakfast establishments that can be found near London's main rail way stations. We found it basic (ie no frills like tea and coffee maiking equipment or more usefull, bed sibe lights) but very clean.The sheets and towels provided were spotless and the room was small ,but clean, the shower and toilet were also clean and well laid out.The staff we talked to (on reception and at breakfast) wer very friendly and helpfull.In short, no luxurys, but a pleasant, well run buget hotel	
Jun 15 2006 	So very scared.....	I wanted to run and hide... but we needed a place to stay for a night. We ended up sleeping on towels because the bed linen was so stained... we immediatly threw the bedspreads on the floor--- there was blood on them. The room was dirty... the closet doors were falling apart...the bathroom downstairs didnt flush and all we could do was laugh at the situation.	
Jun 5 2006	Surprisingly nice!	I'd read some of the reviews on this site and approached The Howard Winchester with caution - however I found it comfortable and clean, with friendly staff and in a great location. Ok its not the Ritz, the room was small but with plenty of space for the bed, a double wardrobe, bedside table. chair and television counter and enough floor space for a case, the bathroom was little but functional, and if you're just looking for a place to crash in London with a bed and shower then its perfect! In my opinion you get more than you pay for. Fair enough I only saw one room of the hotel, and granted if you are used to larger or more luxurious hotels you might be dissapointed, but personally I've stayed in much more expensive hotels and been paid a lot more for worse service. If you're easy-going and looking for a good value bed for the night I would recommend this hotel	
May 2 2006	Stay Away!!	My husband and I stayed here for a few nights in December. Our room was in the basement right next to the kitchen. I don't even know where to begin with this place. The room was tiny which I know is par for the course in Europe, but this was also dirty, threadbare and cold. The linens were old and torn. The bedspread smelled like it hadn't been washed in a decade. The rug was so filthy I didn't want to take my shoes off. The bathroom was tiny and also equally as dirty. The water pressure in the shower was ok, but the tiles were so cracked and dirty, I never wanted to use it. The breakfast was ok, but beware of the intercom's built into the headboards. Early in the morning, they start screeching that breakfast is served. And if you're lucky like us to be near the kitchen, you are awoken to the sounds of the owner verbally abusing his staff. It was so bad one morning, I could tell one of the young girls was almost in tears. And don't get me started on the desk clerk who on our last day decided to tell us what he thought of the immigrant population in London, despite the fact that he is clearly from another country. This place has a decent location and is centrally located, but I wouldn't stay there again if it were free. I would rather try my luck on a bench in the train station.	
Apr 19 2006	Great location! Might be the right time for a change.	After 3 stays at the Howard Winchester, I think it's time to make a change. If you are looking for a basic place to get a few hours sleep, shower and venture on, this is the place for you. Be warned, this is not the place to stay if you like to sleep in after a night out clubbing! Great English Breakfast, if you are up early enough. Don't even try sneaking into the dining room at 8:45 am for breakfast!! If you make it on time the breakfast gives you a great start for a full London day! Rooms are typical London size which is very small by North American standards. Place seemed much cleaner on my other 2 stays. Overall, location makes up for the size and lack of cleanliness. Bring some Lysol wipes and spray if you plan on staying more a than 1 night. You'll feel much better after you have given everything a good wipe down.	
Jan 31 2006	Never again	We stayed here on our last night in London because of its proximity to Kings Cross station (We were on a very early morining train so wanted to be close by)- never again.£50 for a double en-suite. What a joke. No kettle, no towels; the en-suite had a cracked cistern and the most ill-fitting louvre door I've ever seen. The TV was unusable, the bed barely fitted into the room, and was uncomfortbale. No one on reception to complain to. How the hell this got three stars is beyond me.	
Nov 28 2005	Don't	ground floor room with a broken window. No lightbulb in hallway, toilet wouldnt flush, chewing gum stuck all over the wall, threadbare carpet, lumpy mattress, smelled bad...should I go on???BUT the breakfast wasnt too bad	
Jul 23 2005	Move over Faulty Towers!	If you like your showers to flow in a trickle of water, this is the hotel for you!!If you don't mind receptionists babbling on the phone all day, about personal details, or the fact that there is no porter, you should do fine.Breakfast is included, your choice between 5 pieces of toast or for the carb-conscious Atkin's fanatics a protein rich meal of deep-fried sausage, egg, and canned beans can be chosen.Breakfast must be eaten in silence as customers have learnt the 5 foot tall cook is never in a good mood. As you enter the breakfast room you are greeted with &quot;Tea OR coffee&quot; - note: choosing both, out of the question!!!If you do like to exercise, be thankful that there are no elevators and you can carry your luggage upstairs - all by yourself.There are maids in this hotel that will make your bed, and fold your towels beautifully after each day... However the word &quot;laundry&quot; seems to be very foreign, and you may find that you are using the same towel for a week.The hotel service had a very English feel... ie: Faulty Towers (There was a female version of Mr Faulty, there was a Mrs Faulty and a few other characters - unfortunately no Manuel!)	
Jul 11 2005	nice place to stay for a short trip	I was in this hotel with a friend on early march for 3 days. The rooms are small and noisy, but clean and good for a short trip. In compare to other hotels in London you have here a good price and attractive location.Breakfast is average, the staff is very kind.	
Jun 12 2005	Terrible!!	Outside appearance is impressive, but don't let that fool you! The rooms are cramped, old and the bathrooms just terrible - we all wore shoes into the shower they were so bad! Bedsheets were ripped......Its so cramped we could smell the cigarette smoke from the guy in the next room, and we all woke up at some point during the night due to other guests. We didn't stay for the breakfast even though we'd paid for it, we just wanted to leave. Our room was so bad we demanded a better one, which didn't go down too well, even though we got it...the better one was marginally better. Good location, but very disappointing considering the other hotels around for much the same price.	
May 12 2005	Helpful Staff	My wife and I and another couple stayed here at the end of March. We had reserved a quad room, but as we checked in we were told we could get 2 doubles for the same price. Yeah!! The rooms were small, but were clean and tidy. During breakfast one morning, my friend dropped a ring and it rolled away. The whole staff got on the floor to find it. The day manager finally found it under the radiator after everyone searched for 10 minutes. Everyone was helpful and polite. We had a pleasant stay.	
Feb 27 2005	Cheap hotel good location	I stayed at this hotel for a few nights - very cheap at £35 for a twin room (did actually have a double bed and a single bed which was good since I was travelling with my boyfriend) especially considering it was a bank holiday weekend. The room was basic but clean, not too noisy, no tea and coffee making facilities. No sign of the bugs some of the other reviewers talk about. Very good location for tube links and convenient for Kings Cross and St Pancras station (we arrived at the later so were able to carry out luggage across the road rather than take it on the tube. The shared shower was like a funny closet in the hallway but it had adequate hot water etc and didn't seem dirty. Breakfast wasn't included in the rate (it was a weekend, I think it;s included during the week or something). Would stay there again but have booked a place on the same street but £5 more which includes breakfast for my next trip to London.	
Jan 16 2005	Nice Cheap and easy	Nice, cheap and well located place to stay. Went down to london on the 8th Jan to watch stoke city play Arsenal. it was a great weekend	
Jan 6 2005	Regret	I would advise staying elsewhere while in London. The room's are extremely noisy. For the high price, you get a cold room with thin walls (we could hear the gentleman next door snoring away), no tea service, a shower thats puts out a stream of water, not a shower spray and a cold room.The saddest part, however, is you may have to listen to the owner berate his staff while you eat breakfast as we did. The food is below average.A request for a quieter room was denied. We were told to close the curtains.	
Aug 16 2004	Rubbish!	Booked the hotel for a week 9th-13th July 04. Tried to checked in at 8am. waited an hour (no receptionist) was given a £30 a night basic room. Told to pay the full fee in advance. The room was filthy bedspread dirty and stank! bedside cabinet and wardrobe falling to bits. Sat on the bed only to be greeted by a collection of insects including flea's crawling up my arm!! refused to give me another room and refused to give me money back, a very nasty experience from a very nasty hotel! Checked in at the Montana just a few doors down, lovely clean room, 24hr reception, excellent breakfast for the same money! Advise check out other hotels in the area, all are far better.	
Aug 2 2004	Quite satisfactory for the price	My husband and I, as well as my niece and her family, stayed at The Howard Winchester two weeks ago for one night. I had made the reservation after reading in a travel article that the hotel was clean, comfortable, convenient, and economical, and we found all of that to be true. Our rooms were small but clean and brightly painted, and our bathrooms were also clean and roomier than at many hotels. There was no telephone in the room, but the television had good reception of several channels. The breakfast rooms were attractive and our meal of egg, sausage, bacon, beans, toast and coffee was good and served promptly. Although we had no real contact with the rest of the staff, the young man at the desk was very pleasant and helpful. The hotel was just half a block from King's Cross Station so was very convenient, and situated on a square that appeared to be populated with a number of other small hotels. (We were not bothered by any noise in the hotel, but did hear some loud voices in the middle of the night from passers-by on the street as our room was on the front and windows were open.) We would stay there again as the price, convenience, and comfort topped the hotel we were booked into for the rest of our stay as part of a package.	
Jun 24 2004	The side of the road would be cleaner	Stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago. They should be giving the rooms away for free with the state of them. We all woke up very itchy people on our first morning, god help us if we had tried the breakfast they attempted to cook in the dirty kitchen, we would have been scratching all the way through our breakfast anyway.Good location but who cares if ur going to walk out of there with fleas.To finish i must say the housekeeper woman was very rude, no bit of a personality at all for a hotel.	
Apr 8 2004	So-so...	The pluses: the Howard Winchester has a pretty good location, near Kings Cross station (convenient to most Tube lines) yet on a quieter side street facing a small park. Breakfast was good and the staff was friendly. The room was small, yet comfortable.The minuses: the bathroom was VERY small, and would periodically acquire a horrible smell. The walls of the room were somewhat thin (we could hear our upstairs neighbor snoring at night), and the fire alarms went off twice during our visit.	
Feb 9 2004	Not even worth 35 pounds per night	The only redeeming feature is the proximity to Kings Cross station. The room was tiny, with one plug. The shower was part of a tiled closet with the toilet, no separation at all, just a drain in the floor. Only one light worked. No phone in the room. One towel for two nights. Clean otherwise. Grumpy lady who was peeved I was down for breakfast at 7 am on Saturday (too early??!! That was when the breakfast opened, and I had to be somewhere at 8 am.) Breakfast was a plate of English breakfast (one fried egg, one sausage link, one ham slice, baked beans) but the toast and coffee were good. Noisy stairs so people coming in and out wake one up.Avoid this place.	
Nov 14 2009 	Klein sehr zentral ruhig		
May 31 2009 	Ottimo rapporto prezzo/qualità		
May 13 2009 	Un buon rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Feb 21 2009 	A recommander!!!		
Jan 28 2009 	buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Jan 2 2009 	Consiglio Questo Hotel		
Sep 29 2008 	Ottima sistemazione all'Howard Winchester Hotel di Londra		
Sep 22 2008 	Passez votre chemin...		
Jun 22 2008 	Bon plan		
Feb 8 2008	Bon rapport qualité-prix		
Nov 17 2007 	lo consiglio		
